First Omorashi

Author: MoonShadow

*000*2010-12-04 06:19

I'm going to describe you the first I peed myself voluntarily, while at the same time not voluntarily. Just read to understand ^^

I was 13 at that time.

When I was in high school, I was in boarding school. This story happen when I was in first year, and also the first night I spent at the boarding.

The showers were in a big room, with 30 showers each separated in a small room. The first time I wanted to shower myself I didn't thought I could just wrap my towel around my waist and walk to the shower, like everybody was doing. Instead, I put my swimsuit on and went to the showers. I decided that I would keep my swimsuit to wash myself because some older boys where spreading the rumor that one guy was gay and I didn't wanted him to look at me naked (I know that was a stupid reflexion, but I was young).

When I went inside the shower and turned the water on, I started to pee like I always do when I'm under my shower, but the water was so cold I immediately turned it off. Unfortunately, I couldn't stop to pee (well that's what I thought at the moment... After I was happy it happened) so I completely soaked my swimsuit. It was the first time I was peeing into dry clothes ; I liked the hot sensation quite a lot. I immediately got a hard-on, but at that time I didn't knew what to do to ''heal'' that (It was within the same year that I learned it, but that will be another story). I turned the water on, waited for it to get hot and washed myself.

(No more omorashi from here, but you can read on. It's important precisions for my future stories.)

There was a boy whose only fun was to take the towels of the new students while their were in the shower and hide it somewhere, so the poor boy would have to wait until a more kind boy or a supervisor came to help. He took my towel, but he didn't knew I had my swimsuit, so I rushed out of the shower and ran after him. While running he dropped my towel and another one. I took both and went back to the shower room to dry myself. When I went in there was a boy shouting to get his towel back. I knocked as his shower door and told him I took it back from the bad guy. He opened and stood in front of me completely naked. He was small and had blond hair and blue eyes, which I didn't noticed immediately because my eye were looking at another part of his anatomy. I gave him his towel, he said thanks and closed the door.

That guy became my best friend. I'll call him William (which his is not his real name) in my future stories. He was the first boy I had homosexual experiences with, but that is also another story.

*002*2010-12-05 05:20

{{ 

Commenting on this is a fail on my part, but I really don't understand the thought process of posting a topic when saying that you have to go and not finishing it....

}}

It's because I had to go, but I didn't wanted to lose all that I had already written... So I posted to come back later and edit it, which I did.

*004*2010-12-11 07:05

And restart from the beginning? I had to close the computer, you know, so I couldn't just let the page opened and leave...

*007*2010-12-19 05:48

Don't worry, I have plenty of stories of my high school times and most of them features girls. I just want it in chronological order and that was the first so...

There will also be many stories about desperate boys, and that's because even tho the school was mixed, the boarding school was for boys only, so I couldn't choose the sex of the peeing person. I'm pretty sure some persons here will like those stories too.

