Walk to Hotel

Author: Slater

*000*2012-03-23 06:32

Happened earlier today; I experienced my very first woman-related omorashi moment. I decided to share to you guys. While walking around downtown visiting the city a group of people happened to catch up to me at a street light. One of the ladies there was rolling her leg around in a circle with her high heel off the ground. She bent her very long legs low a bit and said, "Oh, I have to pee." She rubbed her leaf-laced black pantyhose together as her semi-short and stiff black skirt made it difficult to move around a lot, not to mention her wicked high heels. When she bent down and twisted towards me, if I wanted to I could probably see between her bra through the V in her open sports coat. Because I'm not interested in women, I didn't peek but I noticed she had a really good figure for a woman; though boobs were a bit big, causing that tight coat to sag at that angle.

"Well, why don't you just go over there by that tree?" one of the guys joked.

"You could also use this paper bag," another guy added, "Here, let's pass it around so we don't have to stop."

She moaned a bit at the idea, scratching her big brown hair. "Not funny..." she looked around and pointed to the hotel I was staying at. "I think I'm going to try and go in there... but I don't know if they'd let me."

Her party starts to cross the street to the other side (away from the hotel) and she looked at them and back at the hotel, holding onto her skirt discreetly and gritting her teeth. She did a really good job of hiding her need.

"You can walk with me to the hotel," I suggested. "I'm registered there. And yeah, they'll let you." Of course, the bathrooms were on the far end by the pool.

"Oh thank you! Thank you so much!"

It felt really strange having this lady a few inches taller than me dressed the way she was follow me into a hotel. I took her the long way around (actually to avoid walking on steps really) and when the bathroom was in sight, she quickly and daintily picked up her step as fast as her heels let her, waving her boobs, butt, and hands around as she did. It was hard not to notice. It looked like she was ready to rip her heels off her feet so she could run faster.

She made it without incident though, but didn't come out for several minutes. I pointed her towards the front exit of the hotel and will never see her again. I began wondering what it would be like to see her wet in leaf-shaped black pantyhose in a hotel lobby full of people. But I also wondered what it was other guys find so interesting about that particular shape of women too.

