Wet My Pants In Front of My Girlfriend

Author: MasterP

*000*2012-07-28 18:36

I had been drinking a bunch of beer one night and really had to go. She was in the bedroom folding clothes and we just happen to run into each other at a door way as I was going to go pee. She told me that she loved me and started kissing me. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her for moment, then told her that I needed to pee. She said that she was already going and right as she said that I could hear the hissing. I reached down to feel her crotch and she flooded my hand. She moaned and told me how warm and good it felt, it was so relaxing.

After she was done, she stepped back to survey the damage and stuck her hand down her pants and said that her panties were soaked. She said it they felt awesome and that she was really aroused now. As she was rubbing her pussy, she said it was my turn. I wasn't really expecting that, I thought I'd just go to the bathroom, pee, then come out and fuck her brains out. Instead, I asked if she was serious as she sat down on the corner of the bed. She was still playing with herself and she told me to go so that she orgasm while I pissed myself. I was happy to oblige her and I just let go, I had a partial hardon, so the top of my pants got wet first and it didn't take long before my pants were fucking drenched. As I was letting the last little bit go, she said how fucking sexy I was and started moaning loud as she brought herself to orgasm. Very soon after that, she rushed me and started kissing me while taking my pants and boxers off.

I dropped to my knees and slid her pants off and started licking her pussy through her pink satin panties. She started moaning and told me to take them off and fuck the shit out of her. I stopped to look up at her and slowly slid off her panties and she told me to lay her down and "pound that pussy"....who was I to say no to that? I did as she asked and she had a mini-O as soon as I entered her, she was so wet, it felt amazing.

