Wet fun in my hotel room

Author: Soulbringer

*000*2015-02-20 22:47

This is a story about an adventure I had this week.

I was staying in a hotel, all by myself :( and decided to have some fun.

I jumped into my hire car and drove to the nearest tescos. I bought 4 litres of water and some huggies bed mats. These are really good as they have sticky things on the bottom to stop them from moving around.

I got back to the hotel and was already feeling the need to pee, but I restrained myself from indulging too soon.

Sadly I forget to buy extra underwear so I had to improvise. I placed a bed mat on the chair. Then a towel and wrapped another towel around my crotch.

I sat down and relaxed, sipping at my water, watching TV.

About 30 minutes later my bladder was feeling quite full. But I didn't push myself, I just carried on watching TV losing my concentration in the show that was on. Soon I felt the warm begin to spread, first on my leg, then down around my bum. It was glorious, but still I refrained from playing.

I wiggled a bit just to get the full effect and relaxed once again. At this stage I had polished of 2 litres and was starting into my second bottle.

It took a grand total of 10 minutes before my bladder was full once again. As before, I just relaxed and let the pee flow from me.

I felt the warmth spread further this time, obviously due to the saturated towel. I was start to feel the need to play and release, but still I refrained. I had bigger plans.

I finished off my second bottle and stood up. My bladder protested once again. I'll have to work quickly I thought. I dumped the soaked towels into the bath. Pee was running down my legs so I ran my hand over them and rubbed it onto any dry area of my bottom half.

I grabbed 4 bed mats and stuck them to the bed. It would be fair on the staff and I didn't want to get charged. With each mat that went down my desperation grew.

Was I going to make it I thought. Might I end up just accidentally peeing over the floor. I held back, my bladder protesting quite loudly.

Finally the bed was covered. I lay down and relaxed.

They excitement was almost tangible. My cock twitching in anticipation. My body trembling with the need to pee. My brain trying to override my bladder from releasing. Conflict ran rife though me.

My brain lost and pee began to flow, slowly at first. I felt warm pee flow down my shaft, over my balls and pool at my bum. I relaxed more and the flow increased. Pee splashed into my hand and cascading onto my body. Pee covered my stomach and legs. I felt more and more pool beneath me. I grew more and more excited and the feeling of release was stronger than ever. But still I held back. I lay there. My cock hard and erect. The last of my pee spurting out. I lay there, in my pee. I felt it pooled under me. And I continued to lay there. 20 minutes passed without me rubbing myself. I relaxed as more pee flowed from me, once again covering my body in warm liquid. I could no longer hold back. My hand slipped down to my bum and splashed the pee onto my ass. I pushed a finger in and with my other hand grabbed my cock. As I fingered pee splashed more and more. I frantically rubbed my soaked cock until finally I released a torrent or cut over myself.

I lay there, spent and soaked. Smiling.

I hope you enjoyed my telling of my wet adventure

*002*2015-03-01 09:27

{{ 

Very interesting day you had there.... I wonder what it would be like to be in your shoes, heh-heh.

}}

When I travel I try to make the days as interesting as possible hehe

