Sorry for the inactivity

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-13 22:44

Hello everyone!

I have had the most amazing week ever whilst talking to Homeanddry on his lonely night shift. He is barely disturbed by his job or other people and we have been up to some interesting mutual adventures. Please check his stuff out.

It started off for me when our PM’s veered away from general omo chat and more intrigue into each other’s lives. I followed him on tumblr and thus far accidentally revealed partially some of my identity! We ended up chatting more, and eventually on to fb where we kind of stalked each other’s photos.

After a while it felt stupid to keep talking through PM so I built up the courage to send a stupid fb message. He revealed to me he had an accent kinda different from my own, so I pressured him (not really haha) into speaking to me.

That first time we spoke for an hour or so, but after that we were kind of hooked, mutually holding and struggling. It was really exciting knowing somebody and holding, and it not feeling sexual in anyway. I mean, for me it is quite often sensuous/emotional not necessarily sexual. Anyway, it became and has become this friendship that has this omo part in our lives, which is just f**king amazing, because to be such good friends AND not have to have this huge secret.

Well it’s very different.

We’ve had many close calls, some of which I didn’t make it, but because HaD was at work he doesn’t want to go too far! Though on more than one occasion he’s held longer than I told him to, and also pushed it way past his limits (leading to a ‘pathetic’ wet spot as he called it)Which is apparently my fault, but there you go, I’m inspirational.

For me it was a load of fun, I love desperation, holding, being denied, not making it, but there was all this with friendship involved. We have an awful lot in common weirdly, but yeah, he’s shy about posting here so find some encouragement!

I have held to the point of wetting many times this week, and will probably end up doing so tonight. I am now thoroughly addicted, well, I was anyway, but let me tell you to have such a good friend involved it really is never better.

I think I may have gone so far to inspire HaD to push his limits further than he can, and I hope he will.

Anyway, in the fun of it, I haven’t taken many pictures, but I will try and write up my experiences with and without (though he’d probably jealous) HaD on a more frequent basis!

With this, university starting and a significant lack of sleep I have been far too busy and just longing for my bed to really post, but I miss being active here, so hopefully I’ll have a lot of stories to come.

Thanks for reading :P

EQ x

