Story relayed to me by my Wife

Author: drewdrop

*000*2013-07-18 01:20

For the sake of protecting the innocent, the name of the woman highlighted in this story has been changed to Nikki. This incident happened 4 years ago when my wife and her best friend (Nikki) were in college, meaning they were 21 at the time. Nikki is about 5'6, 115. She was a brunette at the time with a red streak in her hair. She has a pretty face and great legs. She was wearing tight blue jeans that night.

My wife and I (girlfriend at the time) were invited out to my friends apartment for a party. I wasn't feeling well that night so I stayed home, but I told her to go out and have a good time (just my luck missing out on a sighting). They arrived at the party and had a couple of beers. It was a small party, just 8 friends having a good time, so the 30 rack disappeared pretty fast. Nikki volunteered to make a beer run and my wife tagged along with her. They drove to a convenience store that was 10 minutes away instead of the nearest convenience store that was 5 minutes away, because they had a gas station and she needed to fill up. They pump the gas, go into the store, and as they make their purchase Nikki asks if she can use their bathroom. The guy says it's employees only so they leave and start making their way back to the party.

1 minute into the drive back Nikki starts breathing kind of heavy. My wife asks her if she's ok. Nikki reply's that she's fine, she just didn't realize just how full her bladder was until just now. She felt a need at the store, that's why she asked, but it wasn't severe. She was just surprised at how fast the urge had increased, but she's fine. About 90 seconds later she starts breathing heavy again, my wife looks over and sees her sweating. She asks "are you sure you're ok?". Nikki then concedes that she doesn't know. 

It was a hot summer day so she had been drinking water regularly throughout the day. She said she peed 2 hours before the party, and as soon as she got to the party she went to the bathroom, she didn't think 2 beers were going to go through her this quickly. Another minute goes by and they are stopped at a red light. Nikki is now holding herself and starts to cry. My wife comforts her by saying everything is ok, everybody has had to pee really bad before at some point, don't be embarrassed if anything happens, and for what it's worth now she needed to pee pretty bad if that made her feel any better.

Nikki speeds away once the light turns green, probably going 80 MPH in a 35, and turns into the other convenience store that I mentioned. She runs in and asks to use the bathroom. She's again told employees only, she begs and it's very obvious that she needs to go, but is again is told that she wasn't allowed to use the bathroom. She runs back to the car, stops halfway back, and yells for my wife as she had stayed in the car. My wife gets out of the car and sees Nikki running to the side of the building. She runs to where Nikki is and sees her pulling her pants down. She's told to keep a lookout. The coast is clear so Nikki proceeds to start peeing.

My wife told me the first 10 seconds were an absolute torrent, the next 10 seconds produced a regular stream, and then she finished 10 seconds later. Nikki then apologized saying she was embarrassed and said this had never happened to her before, but my wife said there was nothing to apologize for or be embarrassed about. They went back to the party and then my wife used the bathroom, she wasn't lying when she told Nikki she had to go pretty bad too. My wife told me hearing her relieve herself certainly didn't help her situation.

A week later Nikki went to go see a doctor and was diagnosed with an overactive bladder. She now is on a mild medication to help her, and has changed her diet to relieve the stress on her bladder. The only other time I saw any other desperation out of her was at her apartment 2 years later. Party for the 4th of July and she was drinking again. This time she was wearing a pair of short white shorts. She was talking to me and fidgeting a bit, went to use the bathroom, but it was in use. So she returned and checked again 5 minutes later, and somebody else was using it now. She did the deep breath thing my wife told me about so I could tell the urge was now strong. Unfortunately, for me, the bathroom was soon unoccupied. She got up and calmly walked over to the bathroom.

