A very embarrassing incident on the subway!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-10-20 23:44

Hi :)

I do often pee myself even if I don't intend to, when I orgasm. It isn't like squirting something that isn't pee. That I've never been able to do. It is pee, it smells like pee and tastes like pee! I quite simply lose control of my bladder, when I orgasm. Sometimes it could be very embarrassing. For instance when it happens when I'm having sex for the first time with a girl, and she isn't prepared for the unexpected shower. Not every girl is into omorashi...

And I remember an other incident that was super-embarrassing! It happened two years ago on a subway train. The train was absolutely full, but I'd gotten on it on an early station and had a window seat. I was surrounded by teenage girls. I understood from their conversation that they were on an excursion with their school class to a museum. One of the girls opposite me was very high-spirited, laughing and gesticulating, and she didn't seem to bother that her skirt rode up high on her thighs. As she sat with her thighs parted, I was able to see all the way up to her thin, pink panties. Of course I got very aroused from the sight.

Covered by my bag in my lap I pressed my skirt in between my thighs and started to rub my pussy outside the skirt. With a considerable help from the train movements I reached a very nice orgasm in only a few minutes! It felt remarkably warm and wet, and it was difficult not to moan too loudly. And then I realized... the warm and wet feeling was actually due to the fact that I was wetting myself

As my orgasm continued, I wasn't able to stop peeing. And as this wasn't enough, my bag fell down from my lap revealing my predicament for all people around. My pee poured through my panties, on to the seat and down to the floor between my legs! It was a total disaster! I was so humiliated :blush: All the girls and some other passengers too looked at me, round-eyed and with their mouths open. No one brought themselves to utter a word. I was aroused and aroused and I couldn't keep my orgasms from coming. But more than anything I was very frightened. And therefor I stood up, still peeing and coming, and almost ran down the aisle, pushing people in my way and leaving a trail of pee behind me.

At the first station I jumped off the train and ran and ran until I was sure no one was following me. I was in panic and afraid someone had called the police. I called a friend and asked her to go and fetch me in her car. I've never heard anybody laugh so much as she did when I told her what happened! And she made me to stand on my knees on the floor in the car as she didn't want the seats wet from my pee. I cursed her but I had to do as she told me...

