Alien Pee (Birthday wetting)

Author: SciFiGirl

*000*2015-04-14 07:19

I wasn't sure if I wanted to share this with you guys because I don't like it when people think I'm weak, but to good to not tell anyone about I guess.

But here it is! I hope you enjoy my little night time problem.

It was my 29 birthday late at night, everyone in my family went to bed but I still wanted to celebrate my special day.

So I went on Amazon and rented one of my favorite science fiction movies the one and only classic "Alien." (1979)

I seen this movie a bunch of times so it wasn't as scary anymore as all horror films come to eventually and it being made in 1979 of course. (No offensive to 1970's special effects.)

As I watch Sigourney Weaver yelling at her crew mates as they drop like flies and kicking some Alien ass, the movie came close to it's climax and the movie was over and I notice the clock it was very late about 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning if i remember right, so I got ready for bed as a 29 year old for the first time.

I put a long sleeve shirt and sockets with cute little chocolate s'mores on them, because for being winter it was quite cold even for Southern California weather, I didn't like to put pants on because I like to sleep in my panties even when it's winter. (I know I'm weird like that.)

I crawled into bed with my blankets wrapped around me and cuddling my Teddy bear (Yes I still sleep with a Teddy bear don't judge ME!)

I then fell fast a sleep........... But not peaceful!

I had a nightmare about a Xenomorph attacking me It's loud shrieking monsters cry hit my dream me ears, the dream me even started to panic in fear for her live, she even one point in nightmare.

Started to pee all over herself.

I then woke up in a gasp and realized............. I was in a puddle of my own urine my panties soaked in my fear.

I was kind of turned on be it but also a little upset about my nightmare accident, that I wet the bed just when I turned 29.

*004*2015-04-14 16:20

{{ 

So cute story. Too bad there was no daddy to give you a little hug and clean up your messy pants ;)

}}

While I'm gay so it's a mommy I want. LOL

{{ 

This is a great story! No judging coming from this end. I've actually done that myself before as well....except it be hard to call mine a nightmare. I've wet the bed a couple times from a dream I had where I'm out and about, rushing to the bathroom and releasing my full bladder. In it, I'd make it to the bathroom, but then would wake up to wet bed clothes and a wet bed. But again, this is a great story and hope to read more from you

}}

Yeah that happens to me a couple of times also.

