Debby wets playing monopoly

Author: aqua

*000*2011-07-14 19:57

After my experience one summer with Carolyn's accident (see that post) I became even more transfixed with the idea of girls peeing their panties. I was lucky enough the following year to have one more experience, that last until I was about 14. Debby was a next door neighbor I'd known since we were little kids. We were both about 11 and often played together. She was cute, had long legs, dirty blond hair and a pretty face. We both loved to play monopoly, and often the games would go on for days, putting the board away until the next time. 

We also played other board games, and Debby,, who used to wear dresses a lot, would sit so I could easily see her panties. She always wore white cotton panties, sometimes plain ones, sometimes onces with a bit of lace here and there. By this time I'd get hard on's looking at her, and that took my concentration off the game. This one day we were on the third day of a monopoly game at my house, playing in my room with the door closed so I'd no be bothered by my little brother.

As often was the case, Debby with alternatively sitting on her ankles, given me a great view up of blue dress or would sit for a bit with her legs up and apart, her dress 'demurely' pulled over her knees, but not down enough so I had a clear view of her panties. Then she'd move and sit in a more proper fashion, but move around again. I remember I was lying flat on the floor as she changed sitting positions, and I remember being hard, at least for that age, enjoying the view of her panties now and again.

At some point I realized that while sitting with her dress around her she every so often would hold herself through her dress, but at the moment I thought little of it. I would sometimes really focus on the game. After a bit, no idea how long, she moved placing her legs apart and held herself, pushing her dress covering her panties. I expected her to get up and go to the toilet, but we kept playing, and at this point I couldn't see her panties, so I focused on the game.

All of a sudden Debby pushed herself back form the board, pushing her legs together quickly and said something like, "Oh, Oh...I'm peeing in my panties." I, lying look at her, at first say nothing, but was instantly focused on her body movements and her face. She had parsed her lips tightly and had her head back a bit. After an instant she pulled her legs apart and pulled her skirt out from her, taking her hands away form holding herself. I intermediately saw her white cotton panties, no lace that day, soaking, a tinge of yellow. A puddle was forming under her. She just froze and continued wetting herself. I managed to pull the board away as her puddle got bigger but was focused on her wet panties, her pee and her puddle. She kept saying, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I couldn't hold it, I can't stop it, I waited to long. I'm sorry." I said nothing for I was speechless and very excited.

I have no idea how long her peed for, but it seemed to go on forever, although I doubt it was more than 15 seconds or so. She made an effort to pull her dress up so as to not get it wet, but that was hopeless, but it did mean that by the end Debby was holding her dress over her panties, sitting on the floor, her legs apart and soaking herself. Finally she stopped and stood up, quite embarrassed and red faced. I managed to speak a few words, saying something like 'those things happen', but mostly I was staring at her as she stood up, her dress around her waist, and turned around (no idea why). Her panties were soaked in the back and quite see through, and still dripping.

She pulled down her dress after a few seconds, only then realizing it was soaked in the back and a bit wet in the front. She said she'd better go home to change, which left me with the large puddle and having to explain to my mom that Debby had an accident. I was very, very embarrassed to have to do this, not so much for Debby, but because I somehow thought my mom would know how excited Debby wetting her panties and dress made me. (In the end I don't think she had any idea.) Debby came back a bit later, apologizing again, and saying that something like that had not happened since "I was a very little girl." She asked me to promise never to tell any of our friends, which I promised and didn't tell. It turned out not to matter since her older brother (who as a real jerk) was home when she walked in with her soaking dress, and he told the whole neighborhood that Debby peed herself. I felt badly for her as lots of kids teased her about it.

We never talked about what happened after that, but I had vivid memories of Debby's accident for a long time.

