Hold, but not well held... (With pics)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-28 14:50

I feel bad breaking my only one post per day rule, but this needs to be posted!

So I was chatting to someone on here who I've been speaking to for a while, feeling kinda ill and having a lazy day. They informed me they were doing a hold. So I sympathetically tried to join in. I'd been keeping hydrated from feeling rough, and was pretty desperate pretty quickly. I wasn't planning on wetting though, just thought I'd go for it.

I did this sat at my desk, my pee shot to the opening, or so it felt, and I began to squirm from desperation. I went to get more water and the need to go doubled, I managed to sit back down. A little bit leaked out, but I didn't want to give in so quickly. I was extremely desperate though, and soon spurted leaving a sizeable spot on my crotch. I jumped up, still peeing and took a picture, you can even see some droplets going down my leg! Then I ran to the bathroom to finish up, literally super relieved!

I came back and was talking to the person about how desperate they were. I decided if I got desperate again I would hold it past the point of no return. In for a penny, in for a pound eh? They stopped replying for a while and I realised I was desperate again. I had my legs squeezed tightly and I was shaking my toes. As they weren't there to distract me, I began getting more and more desperate, it came in waves and started bringing tears to my eyes. He had spurted and ran to the bathroom, but my predicament was far from over.

I got my trusty towel that features so much in these stories, and put it on my chair to sit on. It took forever, a lot of pain and willpower, but a spurt eased its way out. I changed my position to that the towel was pressing into my crotch and no more pee could escape. Each time i shuffled pee spurted out of me and soaked my crotch and butt. I clamped myself in one position.

That helped a lot, my bladder was spasming and trying so hard to pee but it couldn't. It was fine to start with, but soon my back began to ache and my bladder went numb. Everytime I moved I was peeing, even the slightest amount, and waves kept hitting me so I was shaking. I soon felt the cold material stuck to me get warmer and warmer as I realised pee was seeping out of me. I was shaking so much but there was nothing to stop it.

It started splattering on my tile floor as it ran off the towel, and I peed for what felt like 3 minutes, everytime I stopped I would go to move and more would come out. It was the longest, slowest, most desperate wetting I've ever done...

Here's some pics anyway! of my front, the chair, the towel, the puddle my feet, the back of my jean shorts, not in that order necessarily but enjoy :)

*003*2015-09-28 15:34

{{: 

Now that's something I miss doing.. Holding with others. Just makes the whole experience more fun x3

Plus you get to share the damage afterwards~

}}

Haha, it was nice because it was seemingly random to be honest, but yeah, I did a lot worse :/ oh well! Just makes for a good story, thanks for replying :)

*007*2016-10-19 14:34

{{18 hours ago, TVGuy said:

Why in the world would you have only a one post per day rule?

}}

So as not to spam!!! and also for the suspense haha

