I saw my classmate pee in the shower

Author: siriusblack

*000*2014-07-18 16:07

This happened over 5 years ago when i was still junior HS, our school year just ended and our section decided to go and rent a small resort with pools. We ate, drank and had a pool party , as well as a karaoke. Needless to say, we really had a fun time.

We stayed out there for several hours

Now skipping over to the wetting part, there was only one functional comfort room, which was a toilet/ shower room meant for one person at a time. What happened was I was supposed to shower after swimming so i opened the door only to see my classmate peeing through her swimsuit with the showerhead inserted through her rear side flushing water through her swimsuit against the current. It was obvious she was moaning quite a bit and looked extremely relieved as she was doing her thing for at least ten seconds, considering she was one of the people who swam and ate most of the time without going to the toilet, i guess she must have held it for quite a long time.

I closed the door after a few seconds when we both realized what was going on (me seeing her pee like that, and her... well seeing me at the door) but she blushed like hell after seeing that and was always embarrassed about that incident afterwards.

Feel free to ask me more questions about details since i still remember that day quite clearly :)

*005*2014-07-19 16:56

{{ 

Did she actually admit she was peeing? sounded like she was using the shower head to masturbate to me. Either way what an interesting thing to walk in on lol.

}}

She admitted she was peeing when i talked to her later that day, she did imply very well that she wouldn't want me to tell our friends about it, so i didn't tell them

She could've been masturbating but she did say she was peeing, and i think she was peeing in the short time i looked at her.

{{ 

Wow!! I would be so embarassed if I were her too. But what a great thing to walk in on!

}}

I didn't mean to walk into her but i wouldn't look the gift horse in the mouth

Too bad she seemed disgusted over topics related to omorashi when i pried her about her desperation

