Desperate Cashier 2

Author: Despguy123

*000*2015-04-03 18:26

I used to have a part-time job as a cashier, working on the tills in a garden centre. Often I had to wait until my break before I could pee, even if I was really bursting. I was also extremely shy about letting other people know that I needed to go.

I was working a 12pm-5pm shift, and was really thirsty when I woke up in the morning. I drank about 4 glasses of water before I left the house. I arrived at work at 11.55am or so, and felt the urge to piss, as I hadn't been since I first woke up at around 8am. The store was really busy for some reason, so I didn’t get a chance to relieve myself before I got on a till.

By 1pm I needed to go pretty bad but there were loads of people about, so I had no choice but to stay where I was. I was still quite thirsty as well, so even though I knew it was a bad idea, I kept taking sips from a bottle of water I had underneath the till.

By 2pm the store was less busy, but I was too shy to ask if I could have an early break. By this time I had my ankles crossed and was bouncing my knees around, sometimes squeezing my thighs together. My break is normally at around 2.30, so I didn’t have long to wait.

Half an hour later, I was standing behind the till bag packing. By this time I was really desperate, I could barely stand still. I was having trouble asking people if they'd like bags because my voice sounded so strained. I could feel my bladder stretching against my work uniform, it felt sooo full.

So yeah, I REALLY had to piss. I asked my supervisor (a curvy, 20-something brunette named Amanda) if I could take my break. She looked at her watch and said told me that another cashier was currently on a break, so I’d have to wait until they came back. I just nodded and bit my lip, resigning myself to waiting a few minutes more.

By 2.45 the other cashier still wasn't back from their break. I was still bag packing, bouncing up and down a bit but trying not to be too obvious. I really wanted to turn away and hold myself, even if just for a few seconds, but it was too risky. I saw Amanda (who had been standing behind the tills) walking into the office near to the till area. I followed her so I could ask her in private if I could go for my break.

When I asked, she checked a sheet and said that I wasn't due a break until 3.30 or so! Well, there was absolutely no way I could wait that long, so I said 'Shall I take some baskets back?'. This would allow me to sneak into the toilets on my way around the store with the basket trolley and take a much needed piss. It was pretty obvious I badly had to go and I think Amanda knew, because she just gave me a cute smile and said 'No its ok, you need to stay by the tills in case it gets busy'. I just nodded and went back to the tills, trying to think of another excuse I could use to get away, just for a couple of minutes, which would give me time to relieve myself.

At 3pm I had to go on a till because the store was getting busy again. By now I was sooo sooo desperate to go. I could barely concentrate on what I was doing on the till, let alone make conversation with the customers. I was squirming and fidgeting like crazy in my seat, and it must've been really obvious that I had to piss to anyone who saw me. By this time I'd drank my entire bottle of water and damn, was I regretting it!

As I was serving a fairly attractive woman, probably in her late 20s, the credit card machine was being really slow. I glanced up at her and saw that she was staring intently at the card machine, and wasn’t paying much attention to me. Quickly, I seized the opportunity and held myself, hard, for a couple of seconds, squeezing my thighs together at the same time. As the card machine finally printed out the receipt, she said 'Are you ok, you look bursting for the loo?'. I’m pretty sure I went totally red from embarrassment, and just stammered ‘Um yeah I’m fine, really’. She just laughed quietly and said ok. By the time it had gone quiet again it was like 3.15 and my bladder felt like it was actually gonna explode.

I stood up, gritting my teeth, and went back to bag packing, shifting my weight from foot to foot and biting my lip. I actually couldn’t stand up straight by now. When there were no customers around, the girl on the till, Kate, turned to me and said 'What's up, you look really tense?'. There was no point denying it now, so I replied truthfully - 'I need a piss, like badly, but I can't go until half past'. She glanced down at my hands, which were tugging the waistband of my trousers away from my bulging bladder. She looked kinda sympathetic and said 'Just ask Amanda, she’ll probably let you go if you’re really desperate'. I couldn’t think of anything more embarrassing than begging Amanda to let me go and pee, but I really had to choice.

I went back into the office where she was sitting, and shut the door behind me. I muttered 'Um, is it ok if I go to the toilets really quickly?'. She laughed and said 'You can go on your break soon, can’t you wait?’. I felt myself blushing as I replied 'I don't know... I have to go, you know, pretty bad'. She glanced at the sheet, then at her watch, and said 'It’s only about 10 minutes away, surely you can hold on until then?' 

She glanced me up and down, taking in my crossed legs, my discreet bobbing up and down, my hands on my waistband, and the urgent, strained expression on my face. I was so embarrassed, but I knew that if I didn’t get to a toilet soon I'd be in danger of wetting myself. I blurted out ' Please, I’ll come straight back. I've been really desperate since, like, an hour ago. Come on, please let me go, I’ve honestly never needed to go this bad before'. As I said this, I had to hold myself with one hand, and bend over slightly, my other hand resting on the door handle behind me. I was blushing like mad.

She glanced down at my dick and back up to my face, smiling cutely, probably enjoying the control she had over me. ‘Hmm’ she said jokingly, ‘Let me think’. I smiled back, still blushing. After eyeing me up and down again, she said 'Well... ok then, I can see that you're bursting. Hurry back though'. ‘Oh god thank youuu’ I moaned as I straightened up and hurried out of the room, heading straight for the toilets. I was really hoping nobody was gonna stop me on the way there, as there was no way I could act like I didn’t have to go. I was literally a minute or two away from wetting myself.

I was about 20 metres away from the toilets when I heard the all-too-familiar ‘Excuse me!'. I briefly considered just ignoring it but that was likely to get me fired, so I bit my lip and turned around. It was an attractive, dark haired woman in her late 20s or early 30s, and I crossed my legs as she walked up to me. ‘Can I help you?’ I asked, my voice was polite but you could hear the strain I was under to keep myself from peeing right there in front of her. ‘Er, yes, do you have any customer toilets?’. she said, and I noticed that she was stepping from foot to foot ever so discreetly. Happy that it was a question I could answer fairly quickly, I just said 'Actually I'm heading there right now, they’re just up here'. I gestured for her to follow me, and I showed her where the woman's toilets were. She smiled and uttered a very-relieved sounding ‘Thanks!’.

As soon as she was out of site, I immediately held myself again and hurried around to the men’s. ‘Oh God I have to pissss’ I moaned under my breath. As the door to the men’s toilets came into sight, I swore under my breath. There was a sign that had been pinned up on the door, which read:

OUT OF ORDER – WE APOLOGISE FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE CAUSED

‘Shit shit shit’ I muttered, hurrying up to the door and trying to open it anyway. It was locked.

I hammered on the door with my hands out of frustration, crossing my legs and bobbing up and down frantically on the spot. ‘This isn’t fair, I need to fucking piss’ I muttered. By now I was only seconds away from wetting myself. There was no way that I could make it all the way to the staff toilets, so I hobbled back around to the women’s toilets and threw open the door. I knew that if anybody saw me I was likely to get fired, but I had no other choice.

I sprinted into a free cubicle and started wetting almost before I could pull my dick out, not bothering to shut the door behind me. ‘Ohhh Goddddd’ I moaned out of sheer relief as a strong stream of piss erupted from my dick. I pissed for about a minute or so, although to be honest I wasn’t really timing it as it felt so damn good. I was amazed that I’d made it to a toilet without wetting myself. It was definitely one of the best and most relieving wets ever…

When I came out to wash my hands, I saw the dark haired woman I’d shown to the toilets earlier, looking at herself in the mirror. I panicked, and blurted out 'I'm so sorry, the men's were locked and I really had to go. I'm really sorry' but she just laughed and said 'Don’t worry about it, I bet you feel better after that, you were going for ages!'. Oh man… I blushed harder than ever, I couldn’t even look her in the eye as she walked out. I washed my hands quickly and walked back to the tills, savouring the feeling of relief.

*004*2015-04-12 17:31

{{ 

Do you think Amanda has an omorashi kink, too? She seemed to be deliberately putting you in that state, and enjoying it.

}}

I'm not sure, I think she may have. I remember another time where I'd asked her 'Is it ok if I go to the toilet quickly?' as I was bursting, and she told me 'no' with a smirk on her face, and that I'd have to wait until my break, although after I told her that I really needed to go, she gave me permission. I wish I'd explored it a little more, but at the time I was very shy about letting on that I needed to go. Now I'd probably be a bit braver about letting on my desperation.

