Pissing my self, descretely

Author: Lustful Loki

*000*2011-07-13 22:55

I discovered my abnormal lust for pee at a young age, so I always had trouble hiding it from my parents.

One day, when i was really aroused, I knew I needed to find a way that allowed me to pee myself with out getting caught, so I started to wear long, flowing skirts, sometimes with out underwear. (I am a girl) When ever i needed to pee i would stand where I wanted to go, and release, and no one could see it. i had so much fun with this, and i thought i would share a few different stories from my skirt wearing days.

1) The chair.

Outside of my house there is about three different sets of lawn chairs. One day, I was watching TV and drinking my third 32 oz. bottle full of water, when my bladder twanged at me, to let me know it was full. I must have drank a lot, because not two seconds later, I had to pee so bad, I almost wet my mothers couch! I ran out side and sat on one of the chairs, panties on, and held it, wanting to have a real accident. I draped the skirt I had been wear around the chair to hide my panty clad buttocks, pussy, and soon, pee. The first squirt was almost a surprise to me, like I had forgotten that i had to pee, but a relief to, and the pee poured out, raining down on the grass below my chair. I rubbed myself through the panties as i pissed, releshing in the naughtiness and the warmth. I pissed for a good minute or two before i was empty, peeled the soaked undies off, tossed them into the washer, and got out my good friend, the vibrator to finish the experience.

2) The blanket

Once, when i was working in my garage, desperate to pee, as always, I spotted a blanket I had been looking for, that I hadn't seen for ages. It needed a good washing anyway, so I decided it could be my towel for the day. i lifted my skirt and sat on it, loving the soft fibers feel as it brushed my wet pussy, and let go. It flooded the blanket, and got onto the garage floor (concrete), before I was done. When the last drop escaped my pussy, It had flooded out the door of the garage, 3 feet from where I sat. I wiped my self with a drier side of the blanket and tossed it in the wash, with some other wet things from earlier that day and that week, and masturbated in my room.

3) Towels

I don't have a car, so getting diapers is really hard for me. I wanted to try the feel of a diaper, so I put a beach towel between my legs, right up against my clit, and one on the ground below me just in case. I had drank so much that day, my bladder was throbbing. I let go, not worried about overflow, because of the second towel, and peed and peed and peed. Towels work pretty good as diapers, they hold the warmth and wetness from the pee against you, and let you feel every drop as it comes out. They just don't hold nearly as much. When I was done, I threw both towels in the wash, and saw a giant wet spot on the floor! (garage again, i did it by the washing machine) I had to grab a third beach towel to clean it up. It was totally worth it though.

Welp, that is it for now, thanks for reading. A minor note, I have pissed in every room in my parents house, including a small pee in my parents room when they weren't home. If you want more stories, or have suggestions, something i should try, or you want me to try, feel free to message me.

*005*2011-07-14 06:05

Thank you all, I really appreciate it. :) These were when i was 16, i believe. XD.

I will post some more stories tomorrow.

