My experiences with genuine loss of control

Author: Barry

*000*2020-03-15 02:44

This is a longish post about the closest brush I’ve ever had with anything vaguely related to incontinence. It’s a series of events that happened after a back injury about 12 years ago.

We moved here from interstate, and I came over first, leaving the wife and kids behind while I got a house sorted out and set up. I’d taken another job, at a lot more money, and the new company would pay for the full relocation of my family, after I’d stayed in the job for 3 months. I rented a house near the beach, but it was over an hours drive to work, on the outskirts of the city centre, but so much more affordable than city side living. Besides, I had a generous fuel allowance, and knew I’d get a company car after the 3 months.

It wasn’t easy not being around the kids, who were between 5-12, but sacrifices had to be made. Besides, it would finally give me some privacy to do some proper holding, wetting, and diaper stuff. Ever since my earlier shaky start, I ended up with a bladder of steel, and could hold for hours. Even trying to initiate a “real” accident never worked. I’d end up in pain before I’d start losing control.

Until I hurt my back playing golf. I displaced my L4 L5 vertebrae, which pinched a spinal nerve, causing me quite bad pain and almost continuous discomfort. Laying down was ok, sitting and standing not so much, but on top of the two hour plus commute, my job had me either standing or driving all day.

I first noticed something wasn’t right with my ability to hold while at work. I’d have a coffee, go to the toilet, then go visit a client. I may only be 20 minutes away, but I’d be bursting to pee again as soon as I got there. I found myself going to the toilet a lot during the day, and the urgency was intense, and came on quickly. I’d go from the first sign of perhaps/maybe needing a wee sometime soon, to being really desperate within 15 minutes.

Now after work we always hung around and had a few light beers. I’d also drink 3/4 on the hour and a half long commute home, on the clogged freeway traffic. Light beer has always made me pee more, and this back condition really exaggerated it. I had four different freeway exits I could get off at, all going through different suburbs. Ranging from semi rural, to industrial, to suburban.

As I’ve said, I’ve always enjoyed holding games, and had exceptionally good bladder control, but could never facilitate a REAL accident. Now I was living by myself, going home to an empty house, and driving the old car I’d bought, I could push my luck, and see what would happen, but I was determined not to actually wet myself on purpose, especially on the days I wore a suit. I’d either have a suit on, or shorts, as I was in a sales and warehousing role.

Here is a breakdown of some of the situations I got in to. I can’t be certain these are in the right order, but they happened.

:Freeway traffic was bad. At a standstill as usual, and I needed to pee badly. It had come on really quickly, helped along by the few light beers. I could feel my control slipping, and I hade my good pants on. It felt different from any other desperation I’d had before, and I just KNEW that this time, I would lose complete control if I didn’t go within the next minute or so. Things were literally twitching down there. No choice. I pulled up on the grass verge and urinated with cover on the side of the traffic jammed freeway. Embarrassing, illegal, but totally necessary.

This really shook me up, as I’d never, ever, felt that sort of desperation before, even after years of experimenting.

: I think the next time happened a lot earlier in the day. I was wearing my shorts, and was getting home a lot earlier as I’d done some service calls on the way home. I was off the freeway, in the suburbs, and only 10 minutes from home, when that same desperation hit me again.

This time I was less concerned, because of my clothing. The previous incident had been on my mind a lot, and I kept chastising myself for not pushing it a bit further, just to see what would happen. Perhaps I’d passed up on the perfect chance to have a real accident. Maybe I was over exaggerating the desperation I had felt in my own mind?

But here it was again, just as I remembered it, and now I could relax a bit more and actually analyse it better. I stopped at a red light, and felt that twitching, loosening sensation down there, like my cock was pulsing.

Now I’m willing to bet that a lot of you have done the same thing as me before. Needed to go, and relaxed your bladder for a second or so, maybe telling yourself that you’ll count to five and see what happens?

I’m stopped at the lights, badly desperate, and decided to do just that. I deliberately relaxed my holding muscles for just a couple of seconds, and I started to wee strongly in my pants, and I simply could not stop for perhaps ten seconds. You can wee a lot in that time, and I was soaked by the time I’d cut the flow off.

I got back home and parked up the top of the driveway and got out. My seat was soaked, as were my khaki shorts, and I suddenly got another spasm, and more came out as I stood there, so I just relaxed and let it happen. It felt amazing.

: After that, I had mixed feelings. I had given up on the first hold, and I didn’t know how much of an accident I could class the second one as. After all, I’d relaxed my bladder on purpose to start with. Yes, I’d lost control after that, but I’d still helped it to happen, so was it an actual accident?

Not long after, and a similar thing, and a bit of a funny story. Coming home, a few light beers, and it hits. It’s summer, and I’d taken my shoes and socks off, but I didn’t want to wet myself that day because I wanted to call in and see a mate on the way home. It wasn’t as severe as it had been, yet, but I knew it wasn’t far off.

I took the industrial exit, and found a spot in a back street outside a closed warehouse. There was a bank leading down to some bushes, and I walked around the car and headed down. The ground was nothing but small, round, and bloody hot pebbles, and I’ve got bare feet, so it was uncomfortable and slippery, but I made it.

Point of note here. I’m an arachnophobe. I fucking hate spiders. I can and have dealt with snakes, scorpions, beetles, bugs, centipedes, and wild animals. I can shoot, fish, gut and kill. Not many humans worry me.

But I hate spiders.....

So I’m at the bottom of the ditch, get my fly open and willie out, and finally let go, and it feels amazing. Then my eyes focused on what’s directly in front of me....

Do you know what a Golden Orb spider is? They’re massive. As big as your hand. But they’re harmless as well. They can nip you if handled, but won’t actually attack you, and they’re not venomous.

But here’s one, in a web, about two foot directly in front of my face!

I don’t know if you’ve ever tried to keep peeing without getting it on yourself, as you scurry barefoot up a hot, slippery rock covered slope, but you’d be amazed how quickly it can be done.

My pants stayed dry too!

:Next occasion, and again I wanted to stay dry for some reason. I think I’d planned to stop at the shop on the way home. At the same time, I really wanted to see what would happen if I didn’t give in. I took the rural exit, going past farmland, and I was busting, but determined not to give in. Going home this way was common, as I’d first moved in with a friend there before I got my own house, and even before my back problems I often needed to pee on the way home thanks to the beer, so there were a couple of spots along there I could go.

I felt that pulsing sensation again, and gave my penis a squeeze through the denim jeans I was wearing that day, but after I released the squeeze, a strong jet of pee shot out! My fingers got wet! It was a real accident!

I quickly pulled over, and another bit squirted out as I got out. I hurried around the side of the car with a big wet spot on my pants, and I know a taxi driver saw it as he went passed, as he did a double take. I peed in the bushes, then had to stand at the back of the car and wait for traffic to go past, while trying not to show my wet pants.

: At one point, I had an empty 600ml plastic milk bottle in the car. The first time I used it, I was stuck in traffic, and had no chance of pulling over. I’m in the middle lane, trucks behind, beside and in front, and the traffic isn’t moving. I had my suit pants on, and knew I had no chance of holding on. This was after a couple of the other incidents. I saw the bottle on the floor, and made a decision to use it. The relief was incredible, and it was such an incredibly naughty feeling to be doing it surrounded by others in the middle of a traffic jam.

I used that bottle a few times after that. I remember once that I got halfway through, and the traffic started moving. I was driving a manual of course. I managed to stem the flow until I got into third gear, when I had a free hand to finish doing my wee.

Using the bottle wasn’t always completely flawless. I did dribble a couple of times, and found out that sometimes I would leak a bit as I tucked away again, but for the most part my pants stayed dry.

: I’ve saved the best for last.

I was late coming home. I’d stopped at a friends place on the way, and drank more than usual, including full strength beer. To be honest I probably shouldn’t have been driving, but I did. It was about 8:15, and I’m less than ten minutes from home. I can feel the urgency building up, and was planning on going home and putting a nappy on, one of the benefits of living alone. I reached for my cigarettes, and realised there was only a couple left. I’d have to get more. The problem was, the small local supermarket I was approaching was by far the cheapest, and I needed milk and bread, but they closed at 8:30. I couldn’t make it home, use the toilet, and get back in time. There is a toilet in the passage into the shop, so I figured I’d regretfully use that if I had too. So far I needed to go badly, but not exactly urgently yet. I only needed to be in the shop for a couple of minutes, then a 3 minute drive to get home to my diapers.

I pulled in, and finished my cigarette, trying to judge the urgency of my situation, and deemed it to not be too bad. As usual I was barefoot by now, but I wasn’t going to waste time putting my shoes on, especially if I wasn’t planning on using the public toilets. Get in, milk, bread, smoked, then get out.

I walked in, not feeling too bad, just a bit squirmy. Of course milk and bread are at opposite sides, with smokes at the checkout, so I headed in.

It was a hot night, and the air conditioner was very cool, and the tiles under my bare feet were positively cold,and I felt my desperation lurch up a notch as I walked around. Of course it’s never as easy as you think it will be, and I remembered a couple of other things I needed while I was there.

That super quick rapid desperation was now hitting me as usual, and I could feel that twitchiness starting in my pants. I yearned to give myself a squeeze, but I hadn’t thought to grab a basket or trolley, and my hands were full. Christ those tiles were cold!

I headed for the checkout, and to my dismay, I saw the long lines. Five minutes before closing, two checkouts open, at least 2/3 people already at both, some with trolleys full. I had to stand there, using every ounce of willpower not to wet myself. My toes were curling, and I hopped from one foot to the other as subtly as I could.

I was next in line, and finally able to put my groceries down on the conveyer, when I felt a strong spasm, and I felt real fear. I touched the front of my shorts, and they felt dry, but I had to sneak a quick glance just to be sure. I really thought I’d leaked, and my khaki shorts would be unforgiving. I began to formulate a plan. If I started wetting myself, I’d simply leave. I’d run out. It would be super embarrassing, but not as bad as flooding the floor in front of the checkout. I didn’t care anymore, I gave myself a squeeze as I stood there. I was literally sweating as I got served, and I know I’d never in my life been as desperate as this. My cock was spasming inside my pants, like it had a mind of it’s own, and I was starting to feel literally Sick.

I got served, wiggling on the spot, and she got my smokes and bagged my groceries, and I hurried back outside into the warm night. I knew then that making it home was impossible, so I resigned myself to using the toilet, although I really didn’t want to go in there barefoot and carrying my groceries, but going to the car first didn’t seem possible at that stage.

The security guard was waiting for us stragglers to leave so he could lock the door, and I turned the corner towards the toilets, and saw the security screen was down and locked.

Fuck.

I went to the car and got in, putting the groceries on the passenger seat and closing my door. I thought about just weeing in the car park, but there were people everywhere, the lights were on, and I was in eyeline of the guard. I didn’t know what to do. This was going to be a bigger accident than I’d ever had before.

As I sat there, the urgency seemed to swiftly decrease. It subsided like you wouldn’t believe. I took a cigarette out and lit it, waiting for something to happen, but it seemed to be going away. I started the car, put it into gear and drove to the entry. No cars coming, so I took off.

Then I felt warmth.

I literally could not feel myself peeing, at all. It’s like I was numb down there. But there was no mistaking that familiar feeling of spreading warmth coating my crotch, bum, and seat. My bladder continued to empty itself without any help from me for well over 30 seconds, and even the bottom of my shirt was wet when I got home.

I put towels on the seat and left the window down to dry it, and took my pants off in the backyard. That night I put a diaper on, and I started wetting myself well before I’d reached any desperation levels.

But, at least I knew what it was like to finally have a REAL accident at last.

