My Next Video: Choose Your Own Adventure - Interactive

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-09-15 01:22

I apologize if this thread would be better suited in General Discussion or Roleplaying or something like that, but since I've posted my other videos here, I figured this would be the place.

So here's my idea for my next video. I've already got a general scenario in mind, but I thought I'd try to make things more interesting this time.

Rather than just post "What should I do for my next wetting?" I decided to make it a little more interactive. Think of it like one of those choose your own adventure stories, except in this case, you're choosing my adventure. Whatever outcome occurs here is what I'll record in the video. Keep in mind that because I will be making a video of this, it will ultimately be limited to a single location, and the whole thing will just be a few minutes long. Hopefully it will still be fun though.

I'll post the story here, but there will be choices along the way. Sometimes there may be more options than others. Everyone is free to respond, and the more people who participate, the better (in my opinion), but in the event multiple people respond with different choices, whoever responds first will be the one whose answer is used.

Also, even though I'll be the one recording the video of this, I'm going to write the whole thing in second person, just like those choose your own adventure books.

Make sense? Great, here goes.

You are sitting on the couch watching a movie. Your bladder has been nagging at you for at least the past 45 minutes, but you've been too lazy to pause it for a bathroom break. Thankfully, the film has reached its climax, and it's nearly over. Your hands are between your legs and your knees are bouncing frantically. You're perched on the edge of your seat, ready to bolt as soon as the credits start to roll.

You are wearing:

A) Shorts

B) Jeans

C) Casual Pants

D) Pajamas

E) No Pants

*002*2012-09-15 04:04

Under your pajamas you are wearing:

A) Boxers

B) Briefs

C) Nothing

*005*2012-09-15 16:36

After what seems like an eternity, the screen finally fades to black, and the credits appear on the screen. You instantly spring up off the couch.

Still squirming and holding yourself with one hand, you look down at the coffee table in front of you. It's littered with the soda cans you emptied during the movie. No wonder you have to pee so badly.

Despite your throbbing bladder, being the slightly OCD neat freak that you are, you can't just leave it like this. A far stronger urge in the back of your mind is telling you that you have to clear the table before you can go to the bathroom.

As you start to pick up the cans to take to the recycling bin in the garage, you're shocked at just how many there are. It's almost too many to carry at once.

It would be a precarious situation trying to hold all of them, but you could probably manage. On the other hand, you could easily carry them if you made two trips, but you really need to go to the bathroom right now, and don't fancy the idea of taking any longer than necessary.

Do you:

A - Try to carry them all at once, occupying both of your hands.

B - Make two trips, taking twice as long.

*008*2012-09-15 21:05

As urgently as you have to go, you just can't muster up the willpower to take your hand from between your legs.

Gingerly picking up the first few cans from the coffee table with your left hand, while continuing to squeeze yourself with your right, you hobble to the garage. Briefly letting go of yourself just long enough to open the door before immediately clamping back down, you stumble to the recycling bin and deposit the cans.

Shutting the door behind you with your free hand as you come back inside, you quickly tiptoe back to the living room to gather up the remaining cans, holding on for dear life as bending at the waist to pick them up puts slight pressure on your bladder.

"Just one more trip," you think, "And then I can go," and you again stagger back to the garage.

Once more you briefly relinquish your grip on yourself to open the door, and reflexively pull it shut behind you as you re-enter the garage. You deposit the last of the cans into the recycling and spin around, ready to beeline it for the bathroom.

To your sudden surprise, you slam against the door as it fails to budge. Taking a half step back, you twist the knob and realize to your horror that you've locked yourself out.

Sweat now dripping from your forehead, breathing ragged, you dance around in place, bouncing and crossing your thighs around your hand as you frantically try to think of what to do.

Do you:

A - Try the door again.

B - Check for your keys.

C - Try to think of another way in.

*010*2012-09-16 02:09

So... that's a vote for B then? I'll take it as such.

Just a reminder of how this works, for each post you can choose one, and only one choice from the options given. You can't choose all of the above, or say which order you would do them in.

Now beginning to panic, you methodically check the pockets of your pajamas to see if you have your keys with you.

Of course you don't, because who carries their keys around the house when they're in their pajamas?

Sighing in frustration, you suddenly you remember that you have a spare key kept in a lock box in the garage for just such an emergency. Dancing over to the corner of the garage where the lock box is, you pick it up off the shelf and return to the locked door.

You've never actually had to use this thing before, but you're now incredibly thankful that you bought it. Usually you're much more conscientious about not locking yourself out, but in this case your overwhelming desperation seems to have gotten the better of you.

Looking down at the lock box in your hand, you realize you don't remember the combination. It's been ages since you bought the thing, and since you've never had to use it, the numbers have long since left your memory.

Idley thumbing at the numbers, you rack your brain for the combination. However, your brain is singlemindedly focused on your urge to pee. You don't think you've ever been this desperate in your whole life. Struggling to concentrate, the digits slowly begin to creep back into the forefront of your mind. You think there was an 8... and a... a 6...? Was it 8613? Or maybe 8163? 8631? You can't be sure, but you're fairly certain it's some combination of those numbers.

Whatever the combination was, you're running out of time. You need to do something soon, or you're going to have an accident in your pants.

Do you:

A - Try the combination on the lock box.

B - Try the door again.

C - Try to think of another way in.

*012*2012-09-17 01:22

Manipulating the little scroll wheels with the numbers on them, you painstakingly enter the combination. It's surprisingly difficult to get them to stop on the numbers you want. The wheels are stiff enough that you have to push them with some force to get them to move, but when they finally do roll, you end up overshooting the number you were aiming for, forcing you to scroll back in the other direction. You inwardly curse whoever designed this contraption to be so difficult to use. Perhaps it wouldn't be so bad if you weren't so distracted...

After two or three times scrolling past the number you were aiming for, you have no choice but to remove your hand from between your legs to give you better control over the dials. Finally you manage to enter all four digits: 8163, and attempt to open the little flap to the compartment where the spare key is held.

...Nothing.

Perhaps in response to your failure, you feel a sudden intense wave of pressure from your bladder. Clenching both fists tightly at your sides, you bear down with all your might and shudder violently as you try to hold back. A knot forms in the pit of your stomach as you feel your urinary sphincter being forced open, a complete loss of control imminent.

Then, just as quickly as the wave arrived, it fades. There is now the unmistakable sensation of urine present in your urethra, having escaped from your bladder. However, looking down, you see that your pants are still dry.

You reach down to squeeze your penis for reassurance, and the urine that had escaped into your urethra is forced out, forming a little bead at the tip. A miniscule wet dot appears on the front of your pajamas as the bead is absorbed by the fabric. You're safe for the moment, but you won't be able to withstand another wave like that.

Do you:

A - Try another combination.

B - Try the door again.

C - Start looking for a place to relieve yourself inside the garage.

*014*2012-09-17 23:22

Realizing at this point that you're probably not going to make it, you begin to look around the garage for other alternatives.

Unfortunately, your options are rather sparse. There's not much in your garage except for your car, the trash and recycling, and some odd lawn equipment.

You take quick stock of your potential options. You could try going in the large curbside trashcan. It's already got trash in it though, and you're not sure how you feel about making garbage soup.

You could try using one of the empty soda cans you brought out with you, the cause of this mess in more ways than one. However, you're worried one can might not be enough, and if the first can fills up, you're not sure how you would be able to manage the trade-off mid stream.

Aside from that, the only remaining option available to you, short of wetting your pants, is to just whip it out and go on the floor. Pretty straight forward, but it's sure to make a huge mess.

Whatever you end up doing, you need to make your decision now, otherwise nature's going to end up making it for you. It's bad enough being on the verge of having an accident, but having to resort to such desperate measures as these is pretty humiliating.

Do you:

A - Go in the trash can, and create a vile cocktail.

B - Go in an empty soda can and risk running out of room.

C - Just go on the floor, and give yourself a huge mess to clean up.

D - Try your luck with the combination again.

*016*2012-09-18 03:20

You just can't take it any more. You're peeing right now, one way or another. You turn away from the door and face out towards the middle of the garage. In one swift motion you tug the front of your pajamas down and pull out your penis, ready to let sweet relief finally come.

With no hesitation at all, your pee explodes out of you, spraying with more force than you thought possible. It splatters loudly on the hard, concrete floor, sending little droplets flying everywhere, wetting your bare feet and ankles.

You pee, and pee, and then you pee some more. It's actually several seconds before you start to feel any relief from your distended bladder. But as your bladder continues to drain onto the floor, relief eventually does set in. Gradually, you're overcome by a feeling of contentment. You can finally relax, your bladder no longer threatening to give way.

After about 30 seconds you look down in shock to see just how big the puddle on the floor is growing. You've probably emptied your bladder enough to stop by now, and take your time getting back into the house, but at this point you feel too far gone. You decide to just screw it, and fully empty your bladder onto the floor.

Eventually your stream starts to slowly taper off. After a few false stops and starts, you're finally empty. You shake yourself off and return your member to your pants, feeling a final errant drop from its tip moisten your inner thigh.

Returning your attention to the lock box, you're now able to take your time, and after a few more tries, you finally guess the correct combination.

Removing the spare key from its compartment, you unlock the door and go back inside in search of some towels to take care of the mess you've just made. You're pretty embarrassed at what just happened, but thankfully no one was around to see it.

*017*2012-09-18 23:47

That was fun. I hope you all enjoyed it too. I'll admit, I'm surprised at the turn it took. I never would have guessed it wouldn't end with a wetting.

Is there actually demand for non-wetting desperate peeing videos? That's something I'd be interested to do more of.

I'm looking forward to getting to do this for real. I may be able to do it this Saturday, but if not then, it will have to wait until the following weekend, as I have company coming to visit next week. Hope you all can wait.

*020*2012-09-19 23:06

{{:

Yup, great idea. You should try it again--I love accidental wettings, and this seems like a great way to get there.

}}

I'm not sure I understand what you mean by "A great way to get there."

Also, this one ended up not having any wetting... much to my surprise.

*022*2012-09-19 23:15

If I come up with another plausible scenario, and can think of enough potential "forks" in the situation, I may very well post another one of these.

*023*2012-09-22 04:15

All right, I'm planning to record this tomorrow.

I'll present this as a final opportunity for any last minute requests, if anyone has any.

*024*2012-09-22 16:49

Getting ready right now. I worked out the camera positioning last night, and now I'm drinking to get desperate.

It's a little weird. I'm following my usual method of drinking every 15 minutes for an hour or so, using the toilet as necessary, followed by dontinuing to drink every 15 minutes without being allowed to use the toilet. Usually when I do that I have to pee at least two or three times during the first hour and a half while I'm still allowed, but this time I'm almost at the 75 minute mark, and I haven't had to pee once.

