The Fourth Grade Pants-Wetter

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-08-24 07:06

I was in third grade when I heard crying from the bathroom stall in my elementary school. I wasn't sure, but it sounded like my new friend, Karla. She had just moved to my small town. I didn't know much about her, except that she had been placed with a foster family, which is why she had transferred to my school. I didn't know why, and at that time I probably didn't think much of it. I knocked on the door cautiously and asked, not entirely sure who was in the stall, "Are you ok? Do you need help?"

The door opened a crack and I saw Karla. Her eyes were red and she'd obviously been the one crying. Karla was a grade above me, and a year old for her grade, making her ten or eleven at the time. She was tall for her age, pretty average build, just entering adolescence, with very short, very curly blonde hair.

I noticed a pile of crumbled, almost shredded paper towels and toilet paper on the ground. She pulled another wad of toilet paper out of the dispenser and began violently rubbing it against the crotch of her pants. "I wet my pants," she explained to me as she showed me a wet spot the size of a baseball. She was wearing dark-ish jean shorts and a striped polo type shirt. "Rachel made me laugh too hard and I peed." She wasn't crying anymore but was still panicking in an attempt to dry her jeans.

I tried to be reassuring and I told her "Just go back to class. You can't tell, really. It will dry if you sit down for a couple hours." Really it wasn't that noticeable unless you were looking for it.

I don't know what she ended up doing about the situation, since I was worried about being in trouble for taking too long, and I left Karla in the bathroom, still scrubbing her pants.

Every other Wednesday during third grade, I would ride the bus to my girl scout troop leader's house with almost every other girl in my class. It just so happened it was the bus Karla rode every day with her foster brother to their foster home. The kids on that bus were really cruel to Karla for no reason whatsoever. She wasn't at all a mean girl; a little "off" maybe, but i still liked her. Her foster brother, Jordan, pointed at Karla from across the bus and loudly asked her "What happened to your pants? Those aren't your pants." Another kid next to him answered, "They're in her backpack, with a plastic baggie around them!" The entire bus roared in laughter and Karla put her face in her knees.

I had never seen this kind of torment in my very small school (K-6 with maybe 100 students total), and I had no idea how I was supposed to react, especially since they were "big kids," maybe a year or two older than Karla. Looking back I wish I'd have tried to do something to help her, but I was mostly just shocked that they were all so mean to her. They just kept it up and kept it up the entire bus ride. By the time it was time for the other girl scouts and me to get off of the bus, Karla had thrown her head back and was wailing, with tears running down her cheeks, and they still wouldn't stop. I assume it continued until Karla and Jordan got off of the bus, and probably to some extent at home as well.

Even at my girl scouts meeting that day, I remember some of the girls making fun of Karla, though they hadn't participated in her torment on the bus with the older boys. I didn't joke with them, but I didn't say anything to stop them either. Eventually the troop leader hushed the girls and said "Now, that's not how girl scouts act, is it?" and they stopped and we moved on to our next activity and/or topic.

I will never forget the image of Karla's face as I got off the bus that day. Head thrown back, eyes shut, mouth gaping, openly and loudly sobbing, and no one even cared. The just kept laughing at her.

I went a bit off track as the bus scene really wasn't part of the wetting at all, but it's something that sticks out in my memory and I think it's important to share. Just because you might find wetting magical and something to try to force and fantasize about, I'm sure that experience traumatized Karla, probably to this day. It's not cute and fun to everyone. Be respectful.

*003*2015-08-26 19:41

After that (and it happened more than once, this specific situation) I imagine Karla has an aversion, perhaps even a fear of accidents. She's probably not the only one.

*005*2015-08-31 19:48

{{ 

What where some things they where saying doing

}}

I'm pretty sure the story covers that, love. I don't remember many further details... It was like twelve years ago.

*007*2015-09-15 15:43

{{ 

It's funny. The shame is arousing but you can't just objectify. Kudos on being a nice kid.

}}

I agree. My favorite aspect of wetting is the shame and humiliation of losing control. To me, it's no fun if the person has absolutely no chance of being caught, or if it's on purpose. Wetting on purpose just isn't my thing. Of course I felt completely different about it as an eight or nine-year-old kid, but obviously the experience did mean something to me as I remember it now.

