Planned public desperation/wetting

Author: Millan

*000*2013-07-03 11:51

First of all, Hi...I know I've been very inactive for a long time, I've been away and I finished off a Master's degree. Now however I am unemployed and I have time to have some fun again :)

As the title states, this is not an experience I have actually had yet, but it is something I plan to do...Recently I have become really into public desperation and wetting (as long as it is an accident), and I have experienced with it a bit. My favourite thing to do is to chat to other girls when I am out holding, using yahoo or msn or skype or similar on my phone, and either they help me with ideas or even control me completely. If I don't know exactly what I will have to do or when they will let me pee, the desperation always feels a lot more "real" instead of just planned if I am on my own.

Anyway, this leads me to my plan...In my city right now there are some major sports events that will go on for a few weeks. This means that the city will be more crowded than usual and that there will also be longer lines to all the ladies rooms around town. So, perfect for desperation right?

My idea then is to go into town and get desperate, but as mentioned I have way more fun if I have another girl to chat to while I am out, so any of you girls who are interested, feel free to drop me message and hopefully we can sort something out. I cannot guarantee I will actually wet in public, but we will see how far I am willing to go when I'm out there :D

Anyway, keep an eye on this topic, if something happens I plan to update with a story of some sort.

*007*2013-07-04 07:47

Thank you for the replies. Those of you who have read my previous stories or talked to me on the chat or similar know that I have a really big bladder, so accidents simply don't happen to me =P Because of this I have always liked accidents the most, and some of my stories describe how I have tried to set myself up for a "real accident". This is also why I mainly hold it outdoors when I do something, because just sitting at home with a full bladder never gives me the feeling of an accident really.

Anyway, when I am planning something myself it is kind of tricky to make it feel "real", because in the end I am the one with the plan and I have thought it through down to every minor detail. This is why I asked for girls who are interested to send me a message so they can "be with me" when I'm out through some sort of messenger (I have a smartphone so it's easy to sort out). Then I can get tips and ideas or lately I have also sometimes let other girls control me. If I do not know what they plan to make me do, where I have to go etc it always feels more "real", as long as they of course do not tell me if they plan to let me pee somewhere or not. I don't want to know =P If they do it well I'm willing to go really far (public), and if not I always have the option to back out of course, so it's been a lot of fun really.

So, girls...Please send me a message if you are interested! It's much easier to be brave if I have someone there "with me" during the whole thing :)

*011*2013-12-01 11:46

I know I'm bringing back an old/dead thread but since I wanted to post pretty much the same thing I thought it was better to just post here again!

I have been into public or semi-public desperation for ages really but only started experimenting with it myself a while back as the OP describes a bit. I still want to do more of this, but I don't enjoy deliberate wetting or desperation to the same extent, if I am desperate and/or wet myself, I want it to be (or at least feel like) an accident, if that makes sense :D

So that brings me back to the original point, in order for such an event to feel like a real accident for me, I cannot plan it myself. I do have fun on my own sometimes too, but if someone else is behind the whole thing and I do not know what I will have to do, where I will have to go, what to drink etc it always feels more like a real accident, if the person behind it is good and makes me wet myself :P

I normally chat using yahoo or msn/skype on my phone while I am outside holding, so if anyone would like to try this with me please send me a message. I prefer girls as I am only into female desperation/accidents myself, but could maybe in rare cases try this with guys too.

Hope to get some more responses this time, in case I do I and it turns out good promise to write a story about it as well :)

