I was deceived.

Author: footedsleeper

*000*2012-10-02 22:25

In elementary school, a classmate and I were sitting in the hallway while class was in session. I think the teacher had sent us out there to take 15 minutes or so to finish an assignment that everyone else had just turned in. The doorways to nine classrooms were in that hallway, and about 30 pupils were in each one. No one but us was in the hallway. Then a boy came out of one of the rooms at the end of the hallways and ran as fast as he could toward the opposite end of the hallway, going past us along the way, and entered the "lavatory", as it was euphemistically called. Clearly desperate and fearful of an accident. That started a discussion between my classmate and me. I wondered what would happen if he actually had an accident? Would he be punished? Would a teacher force him to change his clothes there in the hallway, or in the classroom, where he might be seen? I often fantasized about this sort of thing.

Three or four years earlier, when I was seven years old, I had had a really major wetting accident in school and all of my classmates had seen it happen. It was an accident-on-purpose, since I had set myself up to make it happen after fantasizing about it for some time. After that, I was afraid to do it again, but I fantasized. As we talked, the boy emerged and walked back to his classroom at a normal walking pace. I think the fact that this was a fantasy that fascinated me became perfectly obvious to my classmate. 

So he told me about something he had seen happen the previous year. At least he _said_ he had seen it. By hindsight, it's obvious that he was pushing my buttons to enjoy seeing my reaction. He was well repaid for his efforts. The previous year, he said, a classmate of his had wet his pants. The teacher had made him take all his clothes off while everyone could see him. Hearing this, I gasped and my eyes popped out, and I begged for details. My classmate who was telling me this clearly enjoyed my reaction. My fantasy was really about this happening to me. Of course, I didn't tell him that.

When one is young, one is credulous.

