Want to go for it

Author: TexBoy

*000*2015-09-03 19:00

I have had accidents from desperation before, but never in full public view; usually it'll be in my car, at home (ie, while sleeping), or somewhere where I just happened to slip away unseen. But now I am wanting to take a risk of being caught and having a more public accident. So, I have been scouting around for ideal places where I can have an accident, possibly be seen, but not by too many people. I am somewhat known of in my town. The location I have chosen is a park, although I have several to choose from nearby, and have not decided on the perfect one yet. I am thinking of going a bit outside of town to a park I used to visit with my grandmother when I was little. It has a nice pond, and hopefully still has the friendly geese that I remember from my youth. That, or there's a few around the schools in my town- but I kinda hate to use those. My #1 fear with this, is getting into trouble because some kid saw me pee myself.

So, I am trying to figure out how best to pull this off. The main reason I want to use a park is because I am a student. Parks are nice to study and do homework in. So I am figuring that it would be the perfect place and event to make this happen, as I often allow my bladder urges to sneak up on me while I am doing work. That, and the fact that I have worked out how to lock my pants and zipper, means that the odds of an accident is quite high. The only problem with this, is that it will seem really strange if anyone sees me wet myself and there is a bathroom available in the park.

I am pretty sure that all parks around here have toilets, so I do not know what to do about that. I suppose I could find a way to lock the bathroom doors... but that seems kinda mean, since that may create multiple unintentional victims. Although, that would make it seem more acceptable when I have an accident myself. I am not sure. I want to make this happen, but the ideal situation is difficult. But locking the door seems to be the only way.

Any advice or thoughts? Anyone done this before? Sorry if this belongs in the "advice" section, but this thread will probably eventally turn into a report of my experience. I am still debating whether I should make a video, since I have never made one before.

*003*2015-09-09 17:47

Yeah, there is no way I would actually lock the doors. :P I was just saying that that's probably the #1 way to ensure I actually do it and don't chicken out. But upon rethinking it, padlocking my belt/zipper is just as effective, so long as the key is left home. I can add the additional challenge of leaving the keys at home... frozen in a bottle of ice, of course. Which I figure wil take about an hour and a half to melt enough to get to the key to unlock myself. As far as getting into trouble... I don't know. Authorities, I guess? I know it's not illegal to have an accident... just nervous to do I suppose. I like the idea of acting like I can't undo my pants while in the bathroom, but seems like the padlock be obvious to someone who just happened to take a glance at my predicament- which likely wouldn't happen.

I actually found the perfect "park" by the way. It is technically a nature trail that, judging by reviews, doesn't tend to have a lot of people there. It is across a street from the actual park, which has bathrooms. This nature trail, on the other hand, does not. Looks like the perfect place to have an accident- go there, take my laptop and books, study, drink lots of fluids... and wait. Maybe there is a place where I can safely park and leave my car outside the park/trail area, so I am forced to walk from the trail to the park to try and find a bathroom... and then have to do "the walk of shame" back to my car. Sounds viable to me!

As far as how to lock my pants... well, I have done a ton of trial and error on this. I have found a way to do this with a single luggage sized padlock. The secret is that you need a belt that I found at Walmart, while looking for a general use belt. The only one in my size (30 waist) was weird, and had dual, inline riveted holes where two, rather than one, securing hooks went though to hold it's tightness. I hated it, but I needed a belt badly enough to buy it. I have now discovered that this is about the greatest belt ever!

Because of the way it is designed, I can attach a padlock through a lower hole, run it under the rectangle hoop that the belt first goes through, which locks the belt firmly in place. Then there is just enough room to thread the zipper loop onto the padlock before locking it into place. It is a neat trick... I will show it when I decide to do this for real. I will likely take pics to tell the story, since doing a video on a phone is too difficult, and I am scared of being recognized.

*004*2015-09-10 17:58

I am currently working on a list of guidelines, or rules, to make this more interesting. Including mild punishments for having an accident, which will give me incentive to hold on as long as possible. The way I have it set up though, an accident is basically guaranteed since I know the limits of my bladder. Should be a bit different than what others have done. It puts me a bit outside of my comfort zone, at any rate, so should be fun. I may be able to make a new challenge out of this when it's all finished, if others wanted to try. :o

Hopefully I can do this next week or so; my plan revolves around school work, so I have to wait for a weekday I don't have school (I'm in college), and when I have some homework to do. It also has to be a cooler day, since my car has no AC at this time. It gets hot here during the summer.

*007*2015-09-20 17:53

I will eventually. Just too much going on right now.

*009*2015-09-21 19:02

I have! Granted, I doubt I will follow any guideline I set exactly, but I have decided on a universal set of "activities", or "things to do" while there. I've never been to this place before, so there'll be variables unknown that'll decide on how it all goes. For now, I just have a lot of extra stress to deal with, and if the mood isn't right I won't fully enjoy it. So yeah, will probably make a new thread or something when the time is right.

*012*2015-09-24 16:36

That's the cleverest idea I have seen yet! And very effective upon testing. I might go with that one, thanks.

