Night drive

Author: ishatgoats

*000*2015-12-22 23:40

So i'll just prefix this story with saying that I'm not great at telling stories.. So please bear with me :)

This was last week, I was travelling to central Queensland for work. Generally, when I travel up there, is the only time i get to do real holds and see if I can hold it so much that i lose control. So far, i don't think i've lost all control yet, but this particular time, i was exceptionally close.

It was a few nights after the Geminids meteor shower, and I thought i'd take advantage of being in a rural area and go for a drive to see if i could see any good (left over) meteors. I had already done a hold and pee'd earlier in the night, and earlier in the day, i'd tried the rapid desperation challenge (unsuccessfully - you can find that on these forums if you search)..

Anyway, i figured that i'd also take advantage of the drive and do a hold at the same time, and see how long i could hold it for, and then while i was sitting in a quiet place away from any lights, sitting and watching the skies for meteors, i could wet myself.. That was the plan anyway. I had already drunken alot of water, a great deal of water, so i was primed.

It was already after 9pm when I left my hotel room and jumped in the car. By that time in QLD, its been dark for a good 2 or more hours, so its a good starting time normally to watch for meteors.. I drove out the driveway of the hotel and out of the town i was staying in. I wanted to get as far away from the town's lights as I could. Even though it was a small town, there were some industries in it that created some light, so i knew i needed to drive a bit. By this stage, i was probably at a point where I normally would've gone to pee before driving. But as i decided to do the hold, i didn't.

I got about 15 minutes out, and i was started to get a bit desperate. The road was a little bit rough, so i was starting to feel every bump, but i knew the road well, so even in the dark, i could sit just above the speed limit. I wanted to get somewhere dark before i got to a point that i couldn't hold it any more, so I had time to setup, relax, and chill out under the stars. I got to an intersection where the road splits off in two directions, and i suddenly remembered that there were some night roadworks off in one direction, which were lighting up the sky a little, so i decided to take the other road, which I had never driven before. 

Now I was driving on a road i did not know, at night, with all sorts of solidly build animals that could come jumping out in front of me! (If you are from Australia - or have ever driving in rural or bush areas of Australia - you'll know the threat of a Kangaroo jumping out in front of you. Those things can destroy your car, its like hitting a brick wall!)

I eased my speeds a little as i did not know this road. Speed limit was 100kmh (about 60mph), but because i didn't know the road, and it was dark (even with headlights on), i sat a bit beneath the limit. Luckily i did as there were some surprise sharp corners on this road, so i kept on taking it easy. This unfortunately, did not help my situation with desperation any. And to make it worse, this road was a little bit busy - for a rural road. Cars every minute or two going in the opposite direction, and headlights about 200-300m behind me. Turns out, it was a main road from the main highway to a small rural beach town.

And it was a bit more rough than the previous road, alot of bumps and pot holes. I was starting to get pretty desperate. I started to look for places I could pull off the side of the road and not be seen. Driveways, side roads. But most driveways had gates on them; and there were no side roads! By now, i was really squirming. I was holding the tip of my penis alot as I was struggling to hold it in. Every bump felt like hitting a speed bump at speed. It almost felt like i was driving over corrugated iron.

I drove for another 5 or so minutes before i finally saw a side road! I looked at it approaching in the headlights and quickly contemplated my choices. Do i continue on this existing road, which is busy? Or do I take my chances on this side road, which looks empty? I made the choice to try my luck on the side road. I was so desperate at this point, more desperate than I have ever been. I needed to find somewhere to stop and pee where a passing car didn't light up what i was doing. And being the rural area in Queensland that it was, there was a high chance that if they saw a car parked on the side of the road, and someone near it, they may pull over and ask if the person needed help or a ride. So just pulling over on the side of the busy road wasn't an option. So I'll try the side road.

Well, that decision did not turn out to be my best one. For more reasons than one. I got about 200m up the road and suddenly i felt like i was going to explode with pee going everywhere. I had reached my limit, and I couldn't hold it anymore. I jammed on the brakes and pulled off to the side of the road, as I couldn't afford to pee on the drivers seat (I needed to drive somewhere in the morning without getting my bum wet from the seat still being wet). As I stood up out of the drivers seat, I started to dribble uncontrollably. I could feel my underwear getting slightly warm near the tip of my penis and then just down the shaft. I tried to hold as much as i could, and stood in the middle of the road, but suddenly a cars headlights shined my way. Oh no, a car was coming! Shit! What do i do?

I ran around to the passenger seat and jumped in! As I sat down, i lost control (or at least thats what it felt like). I felt my underwear and shaft of my penis get really warm, them then my bum. I ducked my head down so noone would see that there was someone in the car and pull over to help. Pee just kept on coming out, i could hear it trickling down from under the seat to the floor of the car. My underwear and bum were so warm from the pee flowing past them. The car passed, and then another one came into view. The other car passed, and then it was dark. I got out of the car and walked over to the middle of the road, and continued to pee in my pants. I was surprisingly still pretty desperate, and so much pee continued to flow.

Again, everything got warm, and this time, so did my shorts and the inside of my legs. The warm feeling of the pee running down the inside of my legs was just divine. There was so much pee that needed to come out, it was like a tap left on running on the ground. I managed to pee there for another minute before suddenly more headlights came into view. I suddenly (urgently) stopped in fear and jumped back in the car, this time in the drivers side.

By now, the desperate feeling had passed, so i wasn't too bad. I decided i might as well go find the dark spot that I wanted now. I started the car and drove off from the spot I had pulled over at. I got about another 100m up the road and the road went into a forest. I figured that there was no chance i was going to see a meteor shower in a forest, so i turned the car around. The road was surprisingly still busy. I drove back down to the previous road i was on. I got to the previous intersection, and turned towards the beach town. I drove for about 5 minutes before I started to see town lights, and decided that this was not going to be a good location to see anything in the skies. Feeling a bit defeated by not finding a good spot to watch a meteor shower, but also feeling content that i had pretty much almost lost control and uncontrollably pee'd myself, i called it a night and headed back to the hotel.

Thanks for reading

