The Summer of Bea - daily updates (and lots of pics!) - Page 6

Author: Beatrix

*126*2013-07-31 22:27

Just a quick update with Summer of Bea 2 - it won't be as much as last time as i've only got 3 days that week to do anything, plus my laptop is being really funny so there might be only a few pics, but I will try and get as many requests done with the time i have :) x

*131*2013-08-24 19:35

Hey guys, I'm so sorry for the lack of updates!

Basically, I killed my laptop's hard drive >.<

However, I'ev got a crappy old computer I can use in the emantime, so whilst pics won't be uploaded any time soon I will hang about in the IRC chat and do some holding with you guys this week, and once my laptop is working (as best as it can at elast!) I'll get started on "Autumn of Bea - SoB2"!

Sorry for the delay guys, I'll see you all Monday evening :)

Love Bea x

P.S.

Thanks to you all for being so patient!

*134*2013-09-04 20:03

Good news everyone! (and +10 points to anyone reading that line in Farnsworth's voice!)

I FINALLY got my laptop fixed!

What I'll do is sporadically update this thread with your ideas, so post them here and I shall commence

"Autumn of Bea - Summer of Bea 2"

See you guys soon! xxx

*140*2013-09-05 18:47

{{:

In terms of litres, what's the most you can hold, before you release? What's the longest time you've ever held it for? And are you looking to increase your holding capacity?

Great pictures.

}}

Thank you hun, I appreciate the kind words :) The most I've ever held and measured was 1.7 litres, for time it's hard to judge as I fill up very fast sometimes >.< And I would love to increase my capacity :D

{{:

If videos are still on the menu, can I restate my enthusiasm for an epic documenting the whole process? ;-)

}}

I'll see what I can do for you hun :) Any ideas on what clothes to wear for it?

*149*2013-09-26 18:18

{{:

Very late... So sory o be here only now !

But... WHAT A THREAD ! ! Impressive ! Awesome ! Amazing ! ( hides his dictionary )

Thank you so much for a such wonderful post !

It is SO wet that it is nearly scary ! ! :) Full irony here of course !

The only things which should be scared are your panties, pants , Pj's and your bed !

Regards from France !

}}

Merci, mon ami! Je suis heureux que vous avez apprécié mes photos! (I hope that came out right!)

