Desperate Shuttle Driver

Author: plorenz3

*000*2013-02-07 05:10

I had to share this story that happened this morning.

I live in north Phoenix, but the only job I could get after I graduated was at a lab in Tempe next to the ASU campus. Luckily there is a free shuttle I can ride to and from work, which connects ASU's Tempe campus with ASU's West campus (lowering my commute from 40 miles each way to 5 miles / saves big on my gas bill). So on weekdays I find myself taking this shuttle, which leaves every half hour. I normally catch the 8:30 shuttle every morning.

This morning, however, I was walking up to the shuttle stop and saw a shuttle approaching. It was 8:25, and the shuttles were never that early to the second stop at the west campus, because they couldn't leave the first stop near the dorms until exactly every half hour. I figured it must have been the 8am shuttle and ran to catch it. The shuttle driver was a cute 30-year-old girl with glasses and curly blonde hair. She seemed irritated as I and other students approached, and told us as soon as the students riding it got off: "I can take you if you are going to Tempe. If you are going to the downtown campus you will need to wait ten minutes for the next shuttle, since I will be skipping that stop." That worked for me, as well as 2 of the other 3 students. We took out seats, and I ended up somewhere near the middle of the shuttle.

I was about to put my earphones in, but overheard the driver talking to a guy in the front row. She was talking about how bad the traffic was, and how two roads she wanted to take were closed. She mentioned how upset she was at only having 30 minutes to race between campuses. Right before I put my earphones in I heard her say, "...And I have to pee really bad. My lunch break isn't until 9:30 and I just keep telling myself that I have to make it."

That got my attention, but I couldn't just head up to the front row of the shuttle, as it was full. She stopped talking, so after a while I put my earphones in and started listening to some DJ Melodie to take my mind off what the cute driver said. I didn't need someone looking over at me and seeing a huge boner, obviously. Traffic was bad, and we didn't pull into the Tempe campus until about 9:10, even skipping the downtown campus only helped the shuttle by 15 minutes, and we were still 10 minutes behind. I heard the driver sound really excited for making up that much time. As she pulled up to the curb, she said, "...And now I get to pee."

There is a bathroom at the back of the shuttle. As soon as she stopped the shuttle and opened the doors, all the students started standing up and exiting the shuttle. Since it was packed, there were a lot of students who needed to grab their things and exit, and even being in the middle took me almost a minute to get off. About as soon as the first students started exiting the shuttle, the driver jumped to her feet. But she made no attempt to exit and use the closest bathroom (about 300 feet, or 100 meters away).

She probably wanted to save some time by just using the bathroom at the back of the shuttle, but she would have to wait for all the people getting off, first. As I approached the front, I saw her fidgeting, and she started doing a pee dance with her left leg as she kept her right leg perfectly still. She was shaking her left leg against her right leg nervously, like she couldn't control it. She must have caught me staring as I was exiting (probably with my jaw hanging open), because she stopped for a few seconds and smiled at me. I told her, "Have a good one." Her smile widened as she said "I will."

I was in no hurry to get to work, so after getting off the shuttle I watched her start pee dancing away again, waiting for the last 20 people to exit. Then before any students started getting on the shuttle, she raced to the bathroom at the back. She looked super-desperate. :)

I wonder if she didn't skip the downtown stop, then would she have been a full half hour behind schedule and have to miss her lunch and hold it for the rest of her shift...

