Girl peeing herself in a test

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-01-13 22:53

T'is I again.

This time your humble narrator found himself in a maths test. One of my least favourite subjects. I sighed as I wrote down my name at the top of the page. I looked across from me at the pretty redheaded female sat on the other end of the desk. I didn't know her name and I didn't paticulary care. She was wearing out schools uniform which consisited of a white shirt, a black blazer and a short black skirt. This was the female variant as the male version instead includes pants. Your humble narrator was in a rush that morning and wasn't wearing socks. I gotta admit. I bet I looked pretty bad. 

I never sleep if I know anything is happending the next day. Off topic. As the test began I flew through the first few questions. Despite my hatred of maths I am actually quite good at it. I got stuck on a question and looked up for a brief second. I saw the female sat across from me with a strained looked on her face. Suddenly the thought shot into my head "Does she need to-?". A gleaming grin slowly formed on my face. "This will be intresting"

I looked at the clock and saw that a full 40 minutes of the test remained. "Excellent. I should be in for quite a show. But first this test must be finished." I flew through the rest of the test. Most of the answers I didn't paticualry try at, due to the test being a practice before the more important end of year test. I did a couple of checks through the test, all the while keeping an eye on the ravishing redhead sat across from me, I saw that there was nothing that I could do to improve and closed my booklet. 

I looked over at hers and saw she was stuck on a question. "Hmm. Looks like she the typical pretty air head..." I thought. "Oh god I really am an asshole..." I muttered under my breath. There I was staring at a girl on the edge of embarssing herself and I make a joke about her intelligance. Whatever. She had one hand between her luscious long legs and one of he knees was constantly bobbing up and down. "Oh good she's on the urge. I won't have to wait long". I'm usally a patient person. But when it comes to desperation, I have literally no patience.

I kept watching as she finished the question, she kept getting more and more frustrated and kept squeezing the pen in an effort to stop a leak. I saw her suddenly let go of the pen. "Has she leaked?" I dropped my pen "accidently" and looked at her while I was under the table. She seemed to be touching around her panties to see if she was wet. As I got back to the table, I saw a look of fear on her face. She did leak. She wasn't going to make it. I looked at the clock, 20 minutes. Good. She wasn't gonna make it. I gave her 5 more before that urine rushed into her pink panties and dripped onto the floor.

Nothing intresting happend for the next 10 minutes and it seemed as if she might make it. "Great. Got a boner for nothing" Your humble narrator pushed his erection up so it was facing upwards. "Good now thats dealt with, lets go back to our pretty little friend". She was defiantly going to burst soon. Or even..now? I saw a sudden look grace her pretty face as she turned bright red. I heard gentle tapping against the plastic of the chair and I pushed my chair back. Earlier in the year another student had peed himself and the person across from him had pushed his chair away from the desk. I thought it was the natural instinct. I watched as the urine pooled onto the floor and surrounded the area in which she was sat. Tears welled into her eys and overflowed onto her face as she slowly finished the deed.

Your humble narrator watched as the teacher led her out of the room. Everyone else in the rooms stared so I didn't stick out when I stared at our wet wonderful womans ass. It was still dripping down her legs and her socks had been soaked as well. It seemed to have stayed at the back of her due to her postion, but it's possible there could have been a wet patch on the front. because she held herself. The room burst into conversation as people began to talk of the incident. I looked over to my best friend and said "Well...someone should of used the bathroom." He grinned slightly at my comment and our conversation took off. Most people asked me about it, because of the seating arrangement. I just told them that she peed. I'll answer their questions. I'll just say "She just suddenly pissed herself, I was like what the fuck" or "I dunno. She just peed". They'll just know the bare basics. I got the full thing.

