After Pub Desperation

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-07-03 16:59

A few weeks ago something happened and I started to write the story but then I ended up getting distracted and didn't end up writing it. I kept thinking about doing it but either had no time or motivation to do so but this afternoon I have so I hope you enjoy.....

A few weeks ago we went out to meet Matty's dad in the pub for a few drinks after work. When we got there he wasn't there so we got a drink and sat down to wait for him. About 15 minutes later he came in and joined us and a couple of other people we know came over. As we were sat chatting a group of people came in and I recognised the two people at the front. Jeff and Sharon are family friends of Matty and his Dad and they came over for a chat. Jeff said that they had come down for a meal with his family for his birthday which was in a few days time. We wished him happy birthday and bought him a drink and he went and sat with his family.

We were there for a few hours when Jeff came back over and said that he and his family and a few others were going back to his house for a little party and said we were more than welcome to come. Matty's dad said and a few others said they would pop up and we decided to join them. We got our things and drank up and me and Matty went and stood outside the door. A few minutes later Jeff and Sharon and Sharon's sister Joanne came out. Sharon and Joanne set off walking down the road and Jeff said he would wait for the rest. We set off walking after them at a steady pace and we heard laughter and when we looked round Matty's Dad and Uncle were walking behind us with Jeff and his brother and behind them were Jeff's nephew and a few people we know from the pub. As we walked along the gap between the groups got bigger and bigger. As we got to the outskirts of town and starting walking up the main road we couldn't see the others.

As we walked up the hill out of town I noticed my bladder was quite full. I didn't use the toilet before we left because I hadn't needed to go too badly but now we were walking and I was stood up the need got worse. Sharon and Joanne ahead of us turned off up the back road where the house is and a few minutes later we turned up as well and saw them ahead of us going up the driveway. We walked up to the top of the road and went up their drive. When we got there they were stood outside talking and when she saw us Sharon said “I'd let us in but Jeff has the keys”. 

We nodded and leant on the wall to wait. As we stood there my need had grown and I was now busting for a wee. If it hadn't been for Sharon and Joanne being stood there I would have been squirming and dancing but I refrained from doing so and stood gently bobbing. Matty noticed and gave me a knowing smile and said “yeah me too” and did a little squeeze of his legs. I instantly got turned on, its not often that he gets “accidentally” desperate. He gets desperate when we are at home and are holding but I always love it when he gets desperate whilst we are out.

A few minutes passed and Josh (Jeff's Nephew) and a girl called Lucy came up the drive and Sharon asked them if the others were far behind. Josh said they weren't and went to talk to his mum and Lucy came over to talk to us. She comes in our pub all the time so we know her quite well. As we were stood chatting I kept squeezing my thighs together and bobbing slightly as my need to pee increased. I hoped Jeff would get here soon so I could get inside and pee, I was getting really desperate. Lucy suddenly said “are you alright”. I felt my cheeks flush as I thought she had noticed me subtly pee dancing but then I realised she was talking to Matty. 

I looked round and saw why she asked. He was stood shifting from foot to foot and he said “yeah i'm fine....just really need to pee”. She laughed and said “yeah...i know the feeling”. He looked at her and said “how do you mean”. She looked round and in a quiet voice said “I am getting really desperate for a pee myself”. As she said that she crossed her legs as if to emphasise it. I laughed and said “yeah me too” and copied her actions. She giggled and said “I should have probably gone before we left but I knew it wasn't far”. We both nodded in agreement. She started bobbing up and down and Matty jokingly said “you were completely still a moment ago”. She giggled and said “yeah cos I was hiding it but now you know who cares”. We waited for a couple of minutes, all three of us showing signs of badly needing to pee.

The gate opened a couple of minutes later and the others came up the drive and Sharon said “Finally....how long does it take you”. Jeff laughed and said they had been enjoying the walk and Sharon said “well thats fine but can you open the door”. He walked up and opened the door and Sharon and Joanne went inside. The others filtered in and then Me, Matty and Lucy followed in. Jeff told us to make ourselves at home and that food and drink were in the kitchen. I had never been to their house before and I found out neither had Lucy when she whispered “where's the bathroom”. Matty said he knew and we followed him upstairs. When we got to the top of the stairs we walked down the landing and round the corner where we found Joanne standing outside what I assumed was the bathroom. 

We went and stood against the wall and waited. Now I was stood so close to the bathroom my bladder was getting excited. I crossed my legs tight and bounced on the spot. I think it had the same effect on everyone as Matty stood bouncing and Lucy was crossing her legs tight. After a couple of minutes Sharon came out and Joanne went in. The moment she went in and closed the door Lucy broke out into a pee dance. She started dancing and squirming and I did the same. It didn't feel embarrassing in front of her. She made the comment I had been thinking “why is it the closer you get the more desperate you get”. Watching her dancing around was so sexy and I could feel myself getting more turned on....although standing there was making me so much more desperate and I could feel it pushing on my pee hole trying to escape into my knickers.

As we were stood waiting we heard the front door open and Jeff say “aha you finally made it, did you get lost, you only went to the shop”. We heard a voice reply and I realised who it was. It was a couple who come in the pub quite a bit called Vicky and Steve. We heard Jeff telling them where the food and drink were and to make themselves at home. Steve said thanks then what we heard next only added to our excitement. Vicky said “yeah I will do Jeff, I'll have to nip your loo first if you don't mind, i'm dying for a wee”. We heard him laugh and say “yeah sure, top of the stairs, turn right and follow round till the end”.

She said thanks and we heard her come up the stairs. When she came round the corner and saw us she went “ooooo you aren't waiting for the loo are you”. She aimed this question at Lucy as she was stood outside the door where as we were leant on the wall. Lucy replied she was and Vicky let out a little gasp and then when we both nodded as well she crossed her legs and let out a moan and said “why is it there is always a queue when you are absolutely busting. Just then Joanne came out of the bathroom and Lucy looked at Matty but he said “you go next”. She said thanks and dashed in”. Vicky came and stood opposite us and grabbed herself and started dancing. She noticed us both doing the same and laughed saying “bloody beer, makes everyone need to pee”. We all laughed and stood there bouncing in desperation.

It was obvious looking at Vicky that she was bursting. She had her hand between her legs and her legs tightly crossed. Every so often she made that noise people make when they are desperate like “ooooo” and sucked air through her teeth. Watching her only made me realise how badly I needed to pee, I could feel it pushing hard and I had to squeeze my thighs around my pussy to clamp it shut. After a few minutes Lucy came out and looked very relieved. She squeezed past us and went downstairs. I dashed in to the bathroom and quickly pulled my knickers down and sat on the toilet. Without a seconds hesitation my pee came gushing out and I sighed in relief. It was such a wonderful feeling and it seemed to keep going and going.

After a few minutes it stopped and I stood up and washed my hands and went out. I was greeted by both Matty and Vicky grabbing themselves in desperation and it turned me on so much. Matty looked at Vicky and said she could go first and to my surprise she said “no you go love, you've already let two go ahead of you”. He asked if she was sure and she said “yeah.....but you best be quick im bursting”. He laughed and said he would be quick”. He went in and closed the door. She was silent for a minute before she suddenly said “oh god your Matty better be a fast pee'er otherwise I'm gonna end up peeing all over Jeff's carpet. She grabbed herself and broke out in the best pee dance I have ever seen.

She danced around for a bit before she knocked on the door and said “I don't mean to be rude Matty love but could you pee quicker....im almost having an accident here”. Now she was facing the door I couldn't help but admire her sexy bum. Because she was leant over I could see her knickers through her summer dress and all I could think about was how close they must be to getting wet. She turned round and said “there's something about drinking that almost results in me nearly wetting myself”. I laaughed it off but I felt my pussy throbbing at that thought. The toilet flushed and she started dancing like crazy. After about 30 seconds the door opened and she said “sorry for knocking love but im about to wet myself”. Matty laughed and said “i did offer you first go”. She laughed and said “I know” before dashing in. After a few seconds all we could hear was her huge sigh of relief as she started peeing.

Me and Matty went downstairs and got ourselves a drink and joined the others. I thought the fun sightings were over for the evening but a bit later on we were sat out in the garden and I couldn't help notice how much she had had to drink since she arrived here and not once had she pee'd. It had been about two hours and she kept showing signs of being desperate but I guess she was like most people at parties and waited until she was bursting before going. After a while she said “its no good, I'll have to go for a wee and stood up and headed inside. A couple of minutes later she came back out with a fresh drink and someone joked about her being fast and she said “Jeff just went up, i'll go in a minute”.

She sat back down and stayed there for 15 minutes slowly looking more and more fidgety. I went into the kitchen to get a fresh drink and as I was she came in and started talking to me and Sharon. It was obvious now she needed to pee. As she was stood talking to us she was fidgety and stepping from foot to foot. Watching her made me realise I needed to pee again too, once I start drinking and break the seal I keep going. I put my drink down and said I was going for a pee and just as I did Steve walked past and said “no you're not cos thats where I'm going” and dashed past us. Vicky shouted after him “well hurry up, I still haven't been yet”. He dashed upstairs and I followed and Vicky said “I'll come with you”.

When we got upstairs we leant on the wall and she crossed her legs and bobbed up and down. After a couple of minutes Steve came out and Vicky nodded at me to go in. Steve went round the corner and popped his head back round and said “watch out girls, Stuart is here”. Stuart is a guy who comes in the pub and when he is sober he is nice but once he has had a few drinks he can get really pervy and weird. Vicky looked in disgust and said “oh great”. I told her to come in with me so she wouldn't have to talk to him. She gladly accepted and came in behind me and shut the door. I sat down and started peeing and when I looked up she was dancing on the spot. 

She saw me looking and said “the sound of you peeing is making me need to go worse”. I laughed and watched as she danced around. I kept on peeing and she said “by heck you did have to go”. She grabbed herself up her skirt and danced around waiting for me to finish. When I eventually did and stood up she grabbed her knickers and yanked them down and sat down. I watched her in the mirror peeing and the sound of her hissing stream was so sexy. When she finished she stood up and I got a lovely view of her shaved pussy before she pulled her knickers up and let her dress fall down. We washed up and walked out ignoring Stuart completely and went back downstairs.

When the party ended I noticed Vicky got into a taxi and realised she hadn't pee'd and wondered if she was in a for another “almost wetting myself moment”. As we walked home I soon got that way and by the time we got to our front door I was bursting and desperately trying not to pee myself. Matty opened the door and we went inside. I kicked my shoes off and dashed upstairs to pee. I dashed into the bathroom on the verge of soaking my knickers and was just about to pull them down when he grabbed my hand and spun me round and pushed me against the wall. I moaned and said “oh god im about to burst”. He smiled at me and said “I know”.

He winked at me and pushed into me and kissed me. As we kissed I felt his fingers slip into my knickers and spread my pussy lips open. As he did he leaned his tummy into my bladder making me burst. As I started peeing he slid his leg between my legs and I moaned as he started to rub it against me. It didn't take long for the combination of the wonderful feeling of wetting myself, his long passionate kiss and the feeling of his leg rubbing on my clit, had me screaming in orgasmic pleasure. When the wonderful sensations died down he looked at me and said “mmmm that was nice”. I giggled as I looked down at the huge wet patch on his jeans. We then stripped off and had a shower where I repayed the favour before we flopped into bed and watched TV. The perfect end to a wonderful evening.

