Tiolet

Author: Peepantsgirl1

*000*2013-02-28 16:49

I know im writing loads of stories at once but ive have only just found omorashi so i have loads of stories to tell.

This post is about me and my freind were on our way home traffic was occuring and the bus we were on wasnt moving so as may know my bladder is ridiculously weak and i can only hold on for three hours (standing still)

Anway we had just been on a great night out and we were on my home ( this is when my boyfreind were not together) it was around about a 1 hour journey but traffic was building up and a need for me wee was becomeing urgent and my freind was in a same state. Luckily the bus was pratically empty so we could show our desperation. I was holding myself and bending over my freind was the same. The traffic ahead if us was building up quick and my bladder was filling quicker. "Oh my god," my freind,emma whispered the phrase made me aroused "i just leaked" it made me want to wee even more...

Finally we got through the traffic and we were in our village i spurted a bit and it made me more tense. We got off the bus and walked home.

We got it to my gate with just a few leaks and a small patch on my jeans but as i opened my gate i heard a hissing sound emma had litrally exploded her tights were soaked. I was getting aroused and then i realised i was peeing as well my skinny jeas were absoultuely soaked i must of accidently put some pressure on my bladder. We just laughed about the whole thing and went inside to have some tea and when emma went home i had some more fun in the bath tub with my wet jeans on. :D

Soz guys meant to call the title 'when i didnt make it'

*002*2013-02-28 20:04

Look at my other comment on no tiolet

