Drinking Game Wetting (Pictures!)

Author: Let-it-fly

*000*2013-05-06 05:23

This weekend my parents went out of town to visit some friends, so I had my boyfriend Derek over to celebrate the end of university finals and the beginning of summer! If you've read my previous posts, you'll know that he knows of my desperation/wetting fetish and is not particularly interested in it, but will occasionally indulge me with a drinking game that usually ends with a holding challenge. :p

To try something new, I popped the anime "Inuyasha" into the DVD player, poured us each a rum and mango juice, and wrote up the rules (I'll include them for the amusement of anyone who's familiar with the show).

Every time Kagome screams = 1 drink. If she screams "Inuyashaaaa!"= 2 drinks.

Every time Miroku acts lecherous = 1 drink

Every time Naraku's creepy theme music plays = 1 drink

Every time something can be interpreted as a sexual innuendo = 1 drink.

Hold it until the other person pees. ;)

We got through about 4 episodes (1hr20m) before I started to feel a bit uncomfortable. The tricky thing about holding games with Derek is that he fidgets all the time, and doesn't squirm or shift much even when he's desperate. Usually I win these games, but I was beginning to get worried. Other than an occasional tapping foot, he didn't seem fazed at all.

At the end of the 5th episode, he complained about feeling bloated and a little sick (we were drinking alcohol, after all!), and we decided to stop drinking but continue the holding contest. At this point my bladder was swollen and I could feel the lump in my tummy under my sundress. I leaned over to Derek and gently pushed on his tummy to see if he was filling up as rapidly as I was.

The sharp intake of breath followed by the words "Not fair!" were all the answer I needed. Perhaps due to his confidence at knowing we were about equally desperate, Derek suggested a walk. Though the back of my head screamed "No!", I nodded, not wanting to show weakness. It had gotten chilly, and he suggested I put some jeans on. I agreed and wiggled into a pair of light grey, high waisted skinny jeans and we headed out into the late night suburban air.

By this point it had been about 2 and a half hours, and we'd each consumed about 2L of mixed alcohol. I subtly pressed my thighs together as a cool breeze past, bringing a wave of desperation. "Damnit", I thought, "I am NOT going to lose this!"

We walked through the park, around my block, and back home. Derek discussed politics for a while, but I couldn't concentrate on a word he was saying. I couldn't believe how badly these grey jeans were pushing on my poor bladder, and had to walk slowly and carefully, pressing my thighs together whenever he glanced away. As we reached home I felt a small spurt, and began to dance around on the front step while he unlocked the front door, managing to stop any more liquid from escaping.

Derek chuckled, and I notice him shifting from foot to foot. Knowing I was about to lose it, I swallowed my pride and tried a new approach. "Tie?" I asked, trying to act casual, knowing that he could beat me if he wanted to. He looked me up and down, seeming to size me up. "Okay. Tie."

I couldn't believe my ears. YES! He turned and walked to the downstairs bathroom as I tried to "casually race" to the upstairs one. I closed the door and began dancing from foot to foot, working to undo the button of my jeans. Before I could I felt an intense wave of desperation and had to stop, twisting my legs together and attempting to push against my pee hole through my jeans. It wasn't working!

I felt a spurt, and another spurt. Finally getting myself under control, I turned to look at the damage in the mirror. There was a large triangle of darker wet denim on my bum. Damnit all. The twisting motion I made to look in the mirror was too much for my straining bladder. I felt legitimate pain shoot through my tummy and the shock distracted me, allowing my muscles to relax slightly. And then there was no stopping it.

I felt warm wetness pool around my pussy before running down my legs. The liquid spread up my bum and dripped from the bottom of my jeans onto the bathroom floor and my bare feet. I was soaked. And it felt amazing.

I took some quick pictures for you before returning downstairs to a (unfortunately dry :p) Derek. Sorry about the bad quality, but I wasn't planning to wet myself! :p Thanks for reading!

*007*2013-05-07 16:06

Awe, thanks everyone! ^_^ I'll definitely keep you updated next time we play!

*019*2013-06-10 02:47

{{:

Great story and nice pictures. :) I wish I could get my boyfriend to do things like this with me. He knows about my fetish, but isn't really into it himself, so very rarely will he indulge me in it.

}}

Thanks! Yeah, I understand that feeling. Holding contests are rare, and when they happen it's with the promise that he's allowed to go as soon as he wants to. He doesn't have a problem with my fetish, but as you say he isn't really into it himself either. :P My trick is to try and come up with some prize or punishment that'll make him actually WANT to hold it. No small feat! ;) I wish you luck with your honey, I hope you can bring him around a little bit! ^_^

And thanks to everyone for the compliments on the pictures! I'll have to keep that in mind for next time!

