My first time with viewers - 50% accidently

Author: Miles

*000*2013-09-30 20:07

Hello my friends, today I'm gonna tell you about my first wetting with other persons around.

At first you should know that I am nobody who wants to bother other people with my fetishes, but this one REALLY WAS 50% accidently.

Well, after a surgery last week, I had to stay - or rather lie - in hospital for two days. It was as nice as it could be; no pain while resting, no other patients in the room and "nice" nurses ;-).

So it happend that I woke up pretty early in the morning at the first day. Guess why? Yeah, I REALLY had to pee after just lying around the entire day. The problem about this is that in Germany you are not allowed to stay up alone the first time, so I decided to call for the nurse by pressing this nice little red button over my head - the fight began.

I already felt the pee inside the peak of my penis and my bladder was pushing like... well, it's hard to explain: Have you watched "Alien"? This Chestbuster thing?

I was waiting... and waiting... and waiting; turning around, clinging to my blanket... have I already mentioned waiting?

Then finally - thank god - she went in after 20 minutes of suffering. I told her what's my wish and then she helped me up. My wound was just pretty fresh so it was some kind of slow motion; piece for piece. The first goal was sitting in the bed.

Round two: getting on my legs.

I was kind of in her arms - half way done - then my stitches just gave me a flash of pain, pretty short, and I felt that a minimum amount of pee, just one drop, dumped this nice, white nightdress. Size of a fingertip.

I looked at it... then I looked at her face. Did she see it? She was looking down that direction. I decided for her: Yes, she saw it.

"We are almost up," a moment of thinking.

She pressed her hand in my back for the last piece. An other drop while pain flashing trough my wound.

I asked myself: Should I?

Well, it was a long long way to the bathroom, the last push, I stumbled back and...

Yes, YES,

While still hanging in her armes with a smile in my face I shot trough the nightdress and felt the warm relief running down my legs that the niagara falls would instantly pack their cases. This smooth, now wet floor and my feet right on the right spot. I even didn't realize what she did at this moment. I guess she wanted to get away a little bit, but as a nurse she couldn't.

Then my bladder was empty and real life catched me again.

Afterwards, it was so embarassing wetting me (as a 25 year old guy) in front of a completely unknown girl around 20 without any fetishes in that direction. But when I think of it, it is exactly that fact what makes it SO AMAZING.

The bonus was, of course, her helping me getting naked in the bathroom and giving me a hand with a little shower ;-).

But, as a gentleman, I waited till she undressed me and than i said somethink like "Sorry, Ma'am." while covering my genitals playing shy.

Soooo... I hope the story was it worth to be mentioned here...

Bye Bys guys, have a nace day.

*003*2013-10-01 07:44

{{ 

The pain caused by the surgery wound sounds like it would have made the experience unpleasant, but it's good that you enjoyed it. I would have liked to have been in a similar situation. Though I never have been, I did once pee into a plastic jug in front of nurses and at least one doctor, not sure, just before having a surgery of my own. It was rather enjoyable, but nothing compared to what you experienced.

}}

Hey... well it was no constant pain, just a fast flash of the stitches... so it was quite OK.

And I have to admit... I was pretty week on my legs so I wasn't sure if I can do it to the bathroom just in time. Normally I would never do something like that without having the "little" accident before.

But peeing in front of several nurses watching you sounds not less interessting than my experience :)

{{ 

Thank you for sharing this! I really enjoyed it :)

I do feel a little bad for the nurse, but she's probably dealt with worse before

}}

Hey thank you :)

Actually i wasn't sure if I'm going to post it or not.

And yeah... she told me worse things to make my "embarassment" less bad.

And as I assess her, she would probably laugh with me about it :)

