Wetting my Batman PJ's

Author: enigma-D

*000*2015-06-09 22:24

Hey everyone,

Its been awhile since I posted something so I thought I's share a very short tale and some pics from a few days back.

To be honest theres not much to tell but I'll begin...

So early one evening I was in my room sitting on my bed trying to do something constructive, probably working on my music or lyrics like normal and I cold feel my need to pee beginning to appear. I could ignore it for now.

So I carried on doing what I was doing. I was wearing my as mentioned Batman Pj bottoms and a t-shirt. Time passed and the pressure grew and I started to get uncomfortable but I needed to finish what I was doing. A little while later my tummy and bladder started to hurt. I thought to myself "I'm not done but really need to go now... what if I just let a little out?"

I gave into this idea and got up and stood beside my bed cus I didn't fancy getting pee on my bed. I stood there and relaxed a little and next thing you know a little pee came out.. a little more than I planned and showed on my pjs ( I did have underwear on underneath so there was more than i planned, hoping to just dampen my boxers).

Then I could feel it.. this was a bad idea... this ain't gonna hold back...

Next thing I knew my penis was throbbing and I was spurting little by little and then more and more till I was soaking myself!

I just gave in and let it happen from there and enjoyed it. My legs and feet had pee running all the way down and my boxers were soaked. But it felt so nice and warm and satisfying.

I totally wet my Pjs.

I peed for what felt like ages and once finished stood there enjoying the feeling and admiring what I had done. I peeled the pjs down to see the damage to my underwear and gotta say I kinda impressed myself lol.

Then finally I kinda enjoyed the situation some more in a slightly different way ;) and then regret the cleanup lol.

Turns out I had a little more to tell than I thought, hope its not too boring..

Now on to the good part.. I had my phone nearby and managed to snap off a few pics at the time. They're not the best but I hope you like them.

Thanks and hope you Enjoy :)

*002*2015-06-09 22:49

I'm glad you enjoyed it Harley, yes I thought you would :)

I like the sound of your dream.

And why thank you my dear, thats my ego boost :)

*004*2015-06-10 22:31

{{: 

Letting just a little out doesn't work well for me. Once I start, it's difficult to stop until I'm half empty.

}}

Totally know that feeling dude :)

*006*2015-06-11 19:03

{{: 

This intrigues me. I love that you included pictures, makes it that much more enjoyable.

}}

I like to intrigue people.. I like to be enigmatic.

I'm also glad you enjoyed the pictures.

*008*2015-06-12 11:35

{{: 

People? That plural has me going a bit green. But it's no secret I've always found you intriguing...

}}

I do intrigue people... But not everyone sees the full extent of it, only those I let close enough ;)

*010*2015-06-12 16:18

{{: 

Those? Keep dropping plurals like that and you might actually make me jealous enough to make some public declarations of ownership

}}

Well we know there's only one person that close to me don't we ;)

*012*2015-06-12 21:34

{{ 

That's what I like to hear!

}}

I aim to please :)

*014*2015-06-12 22:06

{{ 

Then I'd say you're an expert marksman.

}}

Ooh I like that! Maybe I'll have to make and take some more photos soon then :)

