My public wetting

Author: jeanvaljean

*000*2013-03-15 12:56

As I've said, I am not much of a wetter and I also don't enjoy posting much about my personal experiences, but I guess I shall give it a go and share one of my experiences with you. If you would like to know, I am writing this in the uni's library, right next to a girl that seems to be reading about the effect of caffeine on the central nervous system. Hope she can't read what I'm writing here :P. As a disclaimer, I want to let you know that the descriptions here might get quite vivid, detailed and some strong language will probably be involved. Read only if you think you can handle some kinky :P

Getting to the main idea, this episode happened around August last year, so more than half a year ago. It happened at around 12:30-1:00 in the night, so eventhough it was outdoor, in my neighbourhood, I can't really say it's properly public as I haven't met any people on the streets.

So, the intro would be that I was out with some mates in town, we went for some casual drinks, as it was one of them's birthday. Nothing fancy (I got him a tie as a present), so the main drinks we had were beers and a few shots. I don't recall if I went to the toilet during the evening, but after probably at least 4 beers (so that gives you aroud 2 litres of liquid, plus the diuretic effect of the alcohol in the beers and shots we had), I was definitely feeling it. Actually, I was desperate.

Anyway, having fun, chatting and laughing and everything, I kept postponing it until I actually had to leave. I had to catch the last bus so I had to hurry, no time to wait in queue for the loo, which was quite long at that time. So I figuered I can hold it until home, and I could have if...

I got on the bus (which, incredibly, was not late) and after about a 25 minutes journey I was in my neighbourhood. Just to add, my desperation was increasing by the minute and I was absolutely bursting, I though I am going to spurt a few times during the bus journey, but I managed to hold it until I got off. Of course I was grabbing everything, probably sweating a bit, legs shaking, the whole lot. Imagine a guy at the back of your bus doing that, hmm quite uncofortable situation I'd say...

Being an omo fan, however, my desperation turned me on big time and thus I got quite a crazy idea. Instead of heading home, as I could still hold for at least 5 minutes to relieve myself in the toilet like a regular bloke or even go behing a bush or a tree on my way home, I decided to hold it until it will absolutely force its way out and I cannot do anything about it. So the thing I did was to start walking through the streets, I went to a park near my place, then back on the streets, getting farther and farther away from the toilet that I was so much needing.

The idea of doing it on purpose, but still being an accident, as I will hold until it will come out on its own, turned me on very much. The huge hard on I had made it quite difficult to walk, I think more than the incredible need to pee. It was definitely noticeable. As I am a dom, knowing I am making someone wet by my personal decisions, even though that someone was actually myself :P also contributed to the immense arousal I was experiencing.

Anyway, I guess you would still like to know if I wet myself or not... Long story short, I did wet myself and it was one massive flood, probably one of the biggest wettings I've ever done and keep in mind that I have a pretty impressive bladder capacity anyway. After I guess around 20ish minutes of walking around and holding, while I was holding my erect cock through my jeans, walking slowly, having to stop every 2-3 minutes. I think this one was one of my biggest desperation episodes as well, as I was also crossing my legs and kinda pee dancing/wiggling when I was having a stop from walking, two things that had never seem to help me when I'm desperate and which I haven't done before.

As I was saying earlier there were no spurts involved, so you can correctly guess that all the pee came out all of a sudden, like a torrent of warm, wet desperation. I was so bursting for a pee, that I felt like I was peeing the desperation itself, getting it out of my system (I am quite metaphorical, I know), the relief was that incredible.

I felt it coming and I couldn't do anything about it. I felt the bladder sphincter opening and a powerful stream soonly soaked the boxer briefs I was wearing; light grey in colour if I recall corectly. They were no barrier for the stream of pee and my slim fit blue jeans started to show the wetness immediately. A very interesting aspect, which turned me on even more, is the fact that you could actually hear me wet, there was this incredible hissing sound coming from inside my jeans which almost made me cum on the spot.

As I was peeing so forcefully, everything happened almost at the same time, so by the moment I realized my crotch is soaked, the pee and wetness already went down my legs and started pouring on the asphalt. An evergrowing puddle started forming and I think I stood there wetting myself like a schoolboy for at least a minute continuously. My socks got soaked, as well as my sneakers, which I had just washed a couple of days before and so I have to give them a wash again... They were some hightop nike's and the socks were white ankle socks.

I know everybody here likes to describe their wet pattern, but there's not much to say about that in my case as I think everything got soaked almost entirely. My jeans were drenched even on the back of the legs (I have no idea how that happened) and I actually had to drain the pee out of my sneakers before heading home as they were making a funny squeeshy noise :P

Being cheeky, of course I couldn't wait until I got home to rub my throbbing cock, so I was actually rubbing it as I was casually walking home in my soaked jeans. I came in my boxers while I was walking and after reching home I stayed for another couple of minutes starring at my masterpiece in the mirror. I was like 'fuck me, right'! Afterwards, I jumped in the shower and put the clothes in the wash. It was an insane experience, so much fun and definitely more than enjoyable.

So that's about it! By writting this story and recalling everything, I actually got quite turned on now and I think it does show a bit, as I'm wearing some smart, slim-ish pants at the moment. And keep in mind I'm in the library :P

I hope you enjoyed me telling you about my personal adventure as much as I enjoyed actually doing it!

And, of course, thank you for reading!

If you wish to make any comments, feel free and remember this is the first experience I have ever shared on a forum!

*003*2013-03-15 18:02

Haha, yeah man, it is quite hard to pee with a boner, almost impossible indeed! I'm glad to hear you two enjoyed it!

1980asmk, I thought this story might have diuretic effects on some people :P Nice to hear you got soaked meanwhile

*006*2013-04-07 14:03

{{ 

This was beautifully done! I loved every second of it!

}}

Thank you! I am happy to see both male and female members enjoyed (and hopefully got turned on :P ) by reading my experience! Big up!

*008*2013-04-07 23:19

Very well sir, very well!

