My Next Puddle

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2012-07-20 15:48

So I wanted to post an update from my last wetting which I recounted here. I’ve been really into Omorashi over the past two weeks, it might be residual happiness from completing my first year report and getting accepted into the second year of my program. Or it might be hormones and residual horniness after being single for so long who know. But anyhow I decided to wet myself again today, twice in one week is really rare but well again I’ve been dying to. Also I didn’t have quite a full load of laundry so a few extra items would be perfect to top it off.

Ok so this time I tried to do a big hold but got too excited and decided to let go early (I know, I know I was impatient but well can you blame me?). So I drank about 3 pints of water and some tasty vitamin juice and worked for about an hour. Then right when I was about to set up and have some more water a few of the plumbers from our college maintenance cam to unblock my sink (I’m really bad with hair). I’m glad they knocked and came in when they did, because I had forgotten that I had put in a maintenance request for the sink and anyhow the college didn’t tell me when they would be coming in. So well I hadn’t even changed totally at this point, it was actually (and this is totally and almost cliché true) in the middle of changing.

So when they knocked I was in the process of putting on a diaper, or rather trying to. This afternoon I bought a pack of Princess Pullups in the vain hope that they would fit me. I haven’t worn or even bothered to buy Pullups for many years because I know they won’t fit me, but I was craving something different from the Tena Discreets and Goodnites I have at the back of my wardrobe. As predicted they did not fit, however I discovered that they have little tear away sides and Velcro to do them up again, when did they add this feature? Anyhow I digress. When the plumbers knocked I was putting the Pullups inside of a pair of panties and adjusting them. There’s nothing really fantastic about how the Pullups fit inside of this pair of panties (a particularly big white pair with blue trimmings and a tiny button fly on the front (see the pictures below)). And I probably should have got a tighter pair to hold the diaper in place but like I say I got interrupted.

So anyhow the plumbers knock, I’m in the middle of my small room in a pair of large panties with a diaper stuff inside of them. A comical position to be in. No the college maintenance people basically will knock a few times and if no one come to the door they will unlock it and come do their job. This was of course not ideal and since I didn’t really have a place to hid in my room (small college dorm room), I told them I’d be ready in a minute and threw on a pair of pyjama bottoms and tossed the pack of Pullups into my closet. I let them in and the two friendly guys who set about unclogging the sink. They were really chatty and I ended up chatting with them about the Olympics for probably 20 minutes after they had actually finished with the sink. I wasn’t worried about anything showing as my pyjama pants are pretty baggy and the Pullups are pretty discrete but even I stood basically in the middle of my room without moving much while we chatted.

Eventually we wrapped things up and they trooped out and I closed and locked the door behind them. Despite the minuscule risk my heart was pounding, I think because of the sort of intimacy boundary which is broken or stretched when people who you don’t know come into your small room. Anyhow this was one of the reasons I decided to speed things along.

Despite the pints of water I wasn’t too desperate but I definitely needed to pee. So I took off my PJ bottoms and finished getting ready. So this is what I did while my bladder was slowly filling. I pulled out another Goodnite Bedpad and set it up by my bed. Then I pulled on a pair of gray tights which were fortunately tight enough to hold the diaper in place because the panties were not doing their job.

I put on my sexy schoolgirl skirt, which I notice is starting to lose its pleats, so I’m going to have to invest in a new one (or more you can never have enough cute schoolgirl skirts right). I already had on an orange shirt and my favorite pair of purple striped socks, which I pulled up over my tights. I got my camera and this time I decided since everyone loves the puddle last time so much, that I would film my wetting. Not this is the first video I’ve ever posted on something like this so please be kind and I hope you all enjoy.

Ok so I stood with my legs a little apart and just let go. The diaper wasn’t as close to my body as I would have liked (it sagged really quickly as it filled up, which was too bad) so I didn’t quite get the full flooding wet feeling around my vagina but well every wetting can’t be perfect right? Well the little Pullup didn’t hold very much and soon all the pee cascaded down between my legs. Surprising little pee ran down my thighs and most of it spilled out over the edge of the diaper and straight to the floor below. You can hear it spilling over in the film. It was still great to pee myself this way. I felt really naughty and excited and my heart rate went right up.

I was getting all tingly (I still managed to hold the camera still), as the last of the pee dripped out of the diaper and down my leg or straight to the floor. My purple stripped socks were soaked, my tights surprisingly less so, and mostly in the crotch area with little thing streams running down the insides of my legs. I think I was too distracted trying to hold the camera steady to really enjoy the experience to its fullest. But now I get the scary thrill of showing it to the world right?

Ok so I let the last bit drip down and then I jump off to the side of the pad and I took off my tights, socks, skirt and the panties with the diaper in them. I took pictures of my lovely puddle (with rapidly disappearing footprints in it) for everyone and a few pictures of my panties, the wet Pullup (as was requested on my last post), and my socks. I hope you all enjoy.

RachelRachel's Wetting 1.AVI

*003*2012-07-20 16:54

{{:

Um WOW!!! That was a great great story Rachel! And great video and pictures, well done!! Now if you'll excuse me, I will lock myself in my room to take care of things ha

Btw: on a side note Rachel, I sent you a private message a little bit ago

}}

Thank you so much :) And I'm sorry I haven't had the chance to reply to all my personal messages lately but I'll do it really soon! :)

*009*2012-07-22 15:45

Thank you all soo much I'm glad you liked it! I won't be able to post one for a while I think cause I will be out of town but hopefully in the middle of August :)

Love you all!

*011*2012-07-23 18:37

{{:

I'll miss you.

If you're in Montreal and have $400 to spare, spend a night at the ABDL nursery there and wet the bed and tell us about it when you're back.

}}

MM sounds amazing, maybe I should pass the hat or sell wet panties to get together the cash....

*014*2012-07-25 20:19

Thank you again everyone, I'm glad you like it!

*019*2012-08-09 13:24

Thanks again everyone!

*023*2016-08-13 23:03

Hehehe, this is a blast from the past, glad you liked [email protected]

!

I need to do more, it's been way too long!

