Accident in the car

Author: danii

*000*2014-12-13 01:07

A few weeks ago I was going to the local high school with my aunt and cousin. It was some kind of senior award night, and my cousin was getting an award for cheerleading. Before we left my cousin, Stacy, was in the bathroom for hours, trying to get her makeup just right, and her hair perfect. It was the only bathroom in the house, which meant with Stacy hogging the bathroom, no one else could go. I heard my aunt tell her she needed to get out of there a couple times, and finally, when there was only 5 or 10 minutes until we had to leave, she went and knocked on the door hard, telling Stacy she needed to hurry up and get out so we could leave or else we'd be late, but I could see her from where I was in my bedroom, finishing my make up routine, and from the way her legs were pressed together it seemed like she was worried about peeing more than being late.

A few more minutes passed, and just as Stacy finally exited the bathroom, my aunts phone rang. She rushed into the living room to get it, forgetting about the bathroom for a second, and I could tell from her conversation she was talking to her friend Lynn who was supposed to be meeting us at the school. She apparently was leaving her house right then, so my aunt asked if we was ready, and we were, so we headed out the door, my aunt still chatting on the phone with her friend.

I just figured she hadn't needed to go very bad, and would just go at school. She continued sipping on a soft drink, as we drove towards the school. A few minutes before we reached the school, we ran into a traffic jam. "Oh great" my aunt said. She was an impatient person. You know how it is when you're stuck in traffic, so boring, the seconds seem to drag out, so I was just staring out the window daydreaming, when I noticed my aunt shifting around in her seat. Her legs were pressed tightly together, and she had a very worried look on her face. 

I've always been into desperation, so you can imagine this was like heaven for me. I began to wonder when the last time she'd peed was....I thought about it, and couldn't remember seeing her go since this morning, when stacy woke us all up blaring music as she took a shower. I had went after she got out, and then my aunt went after I got out. So i was pretty sure she'd only peed this morning, which meant she was holding a lot! At least 2 cups of coffee, a bottle of water, and 2 soft drinks. I fantasized about her shoving her hands into her crotch as the pee began to spurt out,

As I imagined her wetting herself though, I became aware of the signals my bladder were sending. I also hadn't peed since this morning, but I was used to holding it. I usually only pee twice a day. But I remembered I had woke up thirsty that morning, part of my hangover from drinking too much with stacy the night before, and had drank probably 2 or 3 more bottles of water than usual. Thats a lot of extra liquid I thought to myself, but I wasn't very worried, since I knew the traffic wouldn't last more than 20 or 30 minutes. We would probably be late, but it usually starts late anyways, giving people a chance to buy some food and just hang out.

Stacy kept complaining about us being late, but my aunt was obviously focused on a bigger issue. I could tell from the way she kept tugging the the waist of her jeans that they were cutting into her bladder, putting even more pressure on her muscles. I had a good view of her from my seat in the back, and after about 10 minutes in traffic, she was finding it difficult to stay still. Stacy noticed this, and asked her what was wrong. My aunt told her nothing, but a few seconds later, as she shifted again trying to find a comfortable position, she admitted, "I need to pee! I didn't get to go at the house and now I'm bursting!"

This seemed like something out of my fantasy. She really couldn't be still anymore, and she had her hands pressed hard into her lap. She wasn't actually holding herself, but I knew she was close. It was about that time traffic started moving, and she let out a sigh of relief. We weren't far from the school, to my disappointment, so she thought she was going to make it. Driving was difficult with my aunt bouncing around, fighting with her bladder to hold on just a little longer. I had never seen anyone needing to go so bad, and I couldn't take my eyes off her. I could see drops of sweat forming on her face, as she struggled to wait, and finally she shoved one hand into her crotch, pressing hard against her tired pee hole. "I can make it, I can make it," she whispered to herself, as Stacy watched with an amused look on her face.

My aunt made it to the redlight right before the school, before the first drops started to leak out. She gasped and pressed both hands hard into her crotch, and rocked back and forth frantically. She obviously couldn't stop it at first, and within seconds she had a large wet spot on her crotch. She finally managed to stop the flow, but I could tell she was barely holding on. I'm not sure how she managed to drive now, all her attention was on holding her overfilled bladder, but when the light turned green at last, she managed to turn into the school, and find a parking place close to the back.

"You two go on," she said, her voice trembling, "I'll be in soon." But Stacy refused, "Mom, you're going to miss me getting my award! Just come on and hold it. There's bathrooms in the school."

"I can't just hold it" my aunt hissed, bouncing up and down in the seat. It was then that she completely lost control, she struggled to open the door as the pee streamed out of her, soaking her crotch and legs, she finally got out, and just squatted down and let the rest come out. After about a full minute of peeing, and a lot of sighs of relief, she was finished. The only problem was, her pants were soaked. Luckily Lynn pulled in as my aunt was trying to figure out what to do, and had a pair of jogging pants in her trunk. It wasn't as stylish at her jeans but anything was better than walking in with pee soaked pants, so she quickly changed.

I'll never forget that incident, it was the best desperation experience I ever had. Hope you liked it :)

