Good Friend Wetting Herself

Author: penguinpeace

*000*2012-09-17 19:33

I was a senior and high school and had a close girl friend who worked as a receptionist for an acting studio (one I actually went to as a child) who needed a ride home one day because her truck was in the shop for something. She was dating one of my best friends but she was so attractive and I was really into both her looks and her personality; we had known each other before they started dating. Anyways, she asked really nicely if I could try my best not to be late because she had to be home to go with her brother to a workout class that they had, and I didn't see that as a big deal.

I got to her work and was waiting in the parking lot for 15 minutes past when she had asked me to be there when she came jogging out of the glass doors towards my car. She always dressed well for work and today was no exception to that rule. She was dressed in a frilly, sexy black top, a matching black short skirt, and black stilettos - she looked classy and hot at the same time. Anyways before she even got to my car I could tell she was dying to go pee. She got in and before I even said hi she almost half-yelled "CAN WE GO?! I have to pee SO BAD." I asked her why she didn't just go at work and she said she was already 15 minutes late from finishing up something with a client and didn't want to be even more late for her class.

I was already pretty turned on by hearing this, but I pulled out and started back trying to go speed as much as possible for her despite the devil on my shoulder telling me to go slow. She had her hands jammed into her crotch and I could see that she was literally sweating from the effort it was taking to hold her pee. I asked her how much she had drank and she told me she had finished a half gallon over the past two hours; I think the thought of it was too much and I could hear a fairly loud, yet short hiss over the hum of my air conditioner. "Oh my god I literally just peed on my hands Michael, please go faster," she frantically stammered, but I told her that I was already going way faster than I should have been, and she knew it too. By this time I was hoping she would just lose it all over my car but I was worried about being able to control myself if that situation came up.

Five minutes from her house I was trying to make conversation, but all she could get out were little squeaks, and as we pulled onto her street she lost another audible spurt and all I could hear was "no, NO, NO." Somehow she controlled herself as she gingerly got out of my car, and all I could manage to sputter was "You're gonna make it! I'll see you tomorrow!" I was wrong - about the making it part. She stumbled about five crooked steps up the driveway (of course I stayed and watched) , hands jammed so deep up her skirt I thought she literally had her fingers in herself, when she completely lost it.

She stuck her ass out, and turned her head back at me without moving the rest of her body, releasing the biggest rush of pee I have ever witnessed in my whole life down the back of her ass and legs. It made such a loud splashing sound all over the ground and she just stood there petrified, one hand in her crotch still and the other on her knee as she kept flooding her panties and heels. As it started to diminish the pee finally began to cling to her legs all the way down and I could see the ringlets on the backs of her thighs glisten in the sun. She didn't bother to leave anything behind, and after about a minute and a half she stood all the way up, completely red faced but not crying at all, and without a word walked into her house.

The next day at school she pulled me aside to make sure I wasn't going to tell anyone about what had happened. I assured her that her secret was safe with me; after all I had really enjoyed thinking about our secret later that night when I was by myself. WOW..

*006*2012-09-19 18:04

Lol. Don;t be jealous. It was really lucky though.

