Witnessed wetting

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-14 09:08

Unfortunately I have experienced very few sightings of women peeing outdoors (I have seen plenty of men and done it myself, but that does nothing for me). However the sighting I am about to share was so memorable that I don’t think I will ever forget it. I’m fairly sure I have posted it elsewhere but I forget where, so please excuse me if you have read it before.

I had been at a dance in a hotel in town with some of my mates. I had been watching a girl who would have been in her mid to late 20’s. She was quite solidly built, but curvy with it. I personally found her quite attractive, but knew my mates didn’t, although one of them vaguely knew her . She came from a country area and wasn’t in town very often to my knowledge. In the evening in question she had been picked up by a lad who was a few years older than us. He was a lot smaller than her, but they seemed to be hitting it off rather well. Approaching the end of the night I noticed that she was a bit tipsy, although she seemed to be coping ok.

After the dance finished we all hang around outside the door making our arrangements for the following day, as we had to all head off home in different directions. There was a reasonably large crowd outside, with people waiting for friends and the like. Suddenly near the front of the crowd not far from us there was a hissing , followed immediately by a splashing sound. Some of the crowd moved clear and some shouted “You dirty bitch!” When I looked I was amazed to see the girl I had watched earlier standing with her legs spread, her skirt lifted at the front, her knicker gusset pulled aside and a torrent of pee splashing onto the pavement in front of her. There were gasps and laughter from the crowd and her new boyfriend took to his heels and ran away up a nearby lane. On seeing this she dropped her skirt and raced off after him. People were shaking their heads and pointing at her puddle and laughing. 

I was sure that she couldn’t have finished peeing before going after him and was certain that she would still have been going in her knickers. As the lane they went up was on my route home I quickly said my goodbyes to my mates and headed off in the direction the couple had taken. I saw nothing until I came around the bend midway up the lane and could see where it joined the street. The girl was standing with her bum leaning on a shop window ledge and he was in front of her. They appeared to be arguing and before I reached them he set off back down the lane in my direction with her a few steps after him. Neither said anything as they passed me, but when I got to the shop window I could see a wet spot on the ledge , and wet dribbles down the wall to the ground. It was obvious to me that the girl had still been peeing when sitting on the ledge.

As there was a second lane which joined the bottom of the one I had walked up a bit further up the street I thought I would go back down it and then return up the one I had just been in to see if I could spot her again. I did so, and to my further amazement she was standing under the street lamp at the bend in the lane, with no sign of her partner anywhere. She had her tight skirt up to her waist showing off her ample thighs and her knickers were in full view. Even more astonishing was the fact that she was still dribbling pee down her legs, even as I walked past. I couldn’t help but look at her, but didn’t say anything.

It was obvious by now that the drink was having an effect on her, as she didn’t try to cover herself, but just muttered something about not being able to wait. She appeared to be checking the damage, which to me was clearly significant. It looked like she was wearing a pantygirdle or control briefs of some kind. They were what would be described as full cut and were obviously sodden at the crotch where most of the pee had gone through. Her thighs were, and the back of her skirt must have been soaked. glistening with pee as well

I carried on up the lane and hang around for a moment in the street before going back down the lane. It was my intention to try to chat to her and make sure she was all right, but unfortunately this time she had gone and I couldn’t see her again. I watched for her in town on other occasions after that but never happened to see her again, which was a shame. Altogether an awesome sighting, the like of which I will never probably see again

