Almost got caught when I was desperate

Author: docsteve

*000*2014-08-19 01:22

I've shared this story with a few folks privately but realized I had never posted it to the forum for everyone, so here it is.

###

So I had it all planned out. I was going to be home alone all day, a great chance to do a major hold. I even made plans to Skype with someone. So for a couple of hours, I'm drinking and filling up. About 20 minutes before I was supposed to Skype I was starting to get desperate, like a 7 or 8. I started to worry if I could hold it until then. I couldn't sit still and was just pacing around, doing that little "dance" we all do when we've really got to go. I already had my pants unbuttoned and partly unzipped. I was about to go up to my computer and see if maybe the other person was already online. And then the doorbell rang.

I was hoping it was just somebody selling something who I could get rid of fast. I zipped and buttoned my pants which was torture. I opened the door and it was my mother. Ugh. I was in a panic. Had I been able to think straight, I could have made up a story about having a call scheduled for work (I do some phone conferences occasionally) but in the moment, I was just totally focused on holding in my pee. So in she comes and we sit and talk for a few minutes. Actually, I'm not sure if I actually sat down or not. I was doing everything I could to hide my condition. I REALLY had to pee BAD. If she stayed more than a few minutes, I was going to have to give in and go to the bathroom or else I would have been in trouble. I did everything I could to keep the visit short without being rude or make her think something was wrong but my heart was racing, I was sweating, and I really could not stay still. I'm sure you know the feeling.

Finally she left. I locked the door, opened up my pants again (which helped very slightly), and got upstairs as fast as I could. I logged into Skype, not even sitting down because I had to pee so bad. Fortunately, the other person was on already. As soon as we connected, I told her the story, the whole time holding onto myself for dear life and totally doing the pee dance. I can't remember the last time I was that desperate. I was actually afraid I was going to wet myself.

Being a big desperation fan, she loved the story, especially hearing it while watching me in that condition. She tried to encourage me to keep holding and talk about how bad I had to go, which I did best I could at that point, but it turned out to be a very brief conversation before I hit my limit. No matter how hard I tried, there was no way I could hold it any more. I bolted for the bathroom and barely got there in time before the pee started spraying out of me. It's a good thing my pants were already undone or they would have been wet for sure. I'm embarrassed to admit it but I didn't even make it to the toilet. I just peed into the tub/shower. I literally couldn't hold it another second. Talk about relief. It doesn't get any more relief than that.

