Nice Start to the Day

Author: MrDesp

*000*2012-05-08 11:05

Great Start to the Day

Hey fellow omo fans, I thought I would share an experience I had the other day with you guys.

To start you should know that I work as a park ranger at a big country estate. I start work at 9.00 every morning and I usually arrive at work at about half 8. I am usually the first person there in a morning and as the park officially opens at 9.00 my first job is to unlock the gates, the car park, the shop, visitors centre and the toilets. Anyway here is what happened -

I arrived at the park around 8:40 and as I was walking up the main driveway I saw a woman jogging across the field (there is always people jogging and walking their dogs early on). She had long blonde hair that was tied into a ponytail and was wearing a pink vest shirt and black spandex leggings. As she was jogging along I couldn't help watch her boobs bounce along !

She reachd the top of the field and stopped at the wall and had a drink from her water bottle. She then walked across the driveway in front of me and said “good morning”. She then went into the courtyard where the shop and toilets are and I assumed she was going across it and up into the woodland. As I was walking past the courtyard heading towards my office I noticed she was walking back towards me.

“excuse me, do you work here” she asked. And before I had to chance to say anything she pointed to my chest where the company logo was printed on my fleece.

“oh you do” she said “i was wondering, do you have keys for the toilets.

“i do” I replied “however not on me, there in my office.

“well when you get them can you open them up please”

“ I can, but not until 9.00” I replied.

She looked at her watch and replied “oh.....cant you just open them now”

As she said this I noticed she shifted her feet and as an omo fan I could tell she needed to pee.

“ I cant im afraid, I have to open everything at 9.00 and before anyone can use them I have to check them first. I looked at my watch and it was 8.50.

“its only 10 mins, and ive got to go get the keys and log my computer in, you can come up with me if ya want”

We set off walking and I couldnt help but stare at her ass walking ahead of me in those tight leggings. We got the offices and I pulled my keys and opened the door. As I went to step inside she said “i dont mean to sound impatient but can you hurry up please...i just really have to.....erm......

I already knew what she was going to say but I asked “whats up, are you all-right”

“yeah im fine, its just I have to pee really bad, ive been jogging for the last hour and half and ive been drinking water all the while and its made me need to pee”

Now that I knew she didn't need to be coy any more and she crossed her legs and bent forward slightly. “can you be as quick as possible” she said.

“i will” I replied and went inside. I went into my office and turned my computer on ad put my stuff down. As I was waiting for my computer to load I looked out of the window and saw her standing with her hand in her crotch and was shifting from foot to foot. As I was watching she shouted “excuse me”. I went back to the door and she said “do you have a toilet in there” and nodded inside.

“we do” I replied

“can I use it please, I really have to go”

As much as I wanted to help her and let her use the toilet, members of the public are not allowed in the offices and It would be more than my job was worth to allow her in.

“im sorry, I cant let you use it, people arent allowed in the offices due to health and safety and whatnot” I told her.

“but....cant you just allow me to use the toilet....i really have to go and I dont know how longer I can hold on”.

“im sorry, if anyone saw on the cctv that I let you in I would be fired.

“its ok I understand....but can you unlock the toilets”

“i cant until 9.00, I cant open the toilets till I open the shop and the shop keeper has arrived as she monitors the shop and the toilets”

As I said this she looked at her watch again “oh god...cant you just open them and let me use them”

“im sorry, but once again I cant because I would put my job at risk....the toilets are not supposed to be open or used before they have been checked and there is someone to monitor them, if I allow you in I would be putting myslef at risk of being fired...im really sorry”

Even though this was the truth I wasnt sorry. I was enjoying watching her dancing around desperately trying not to wet herself.

“theres 5 mins till they are open, why dont you go wait by them and I will be round to open them”

“o....k” she said and set off back towards the toilets grabbing her crotch as she walked.

I went round and unlocked all the gates and as I unlocked the car park the shopkeeper pulled in and parked up. I gave her a cheery wave and went back to the courtyard. As I came round the corner the woman was stood outside the shop with her legs crossed and was frantically bobbing up and down.

“hey, the shopkeeper is here, so as soon as she has checked the toilets you can use them”

“oh thank god” she replied “im on the verge of wetting myself its so bad”

The shopkeeper came round and went into the shop, she put her stuff down and started doing something. I asked her if she could quickly checked the toilets as there was someone that wanted to use them. She came out and I unlocked the toilets and she went in. the woman was now doing an epic pee dance and was muttering under her breath “hold it......hold it......just hold it”. I was just stood transfixed at this amazing sight, the shop woman came out and said there you go and the woman shot in. I went into the shop and was talking the keeper when the woman came out of the loo. She came over and said “thank you so much, that was a close one, any longer and I would have completely wet myself, ill see ya later” she then smiled and set off jogging again. As she went I couldnt help look at her bum wiggling away and I imagined a little wet patch on her crotch where she might have leaked a little.

I the spent the rest of the day at work with a huge smile on my face, thinking about that moment :D

*002*2012-05-08 11:43

{{ 

You're a lucky man. Is this the first time something like that has happened in the park where you work? I run in a park near my work often and have imagined the female joggers around me getting caught short in a similar way - unfortunately no sightings for me yet!

}}

This is actually not the first sighting, however this is the only one where the toilets were locked and i was involved

*004*2012-05-09 22:02

{{ 

Lol, dream job?? ;-)

I mean, outdoors, all that fresh air and countryside and healthiness and stuff!

And the occasional sighting of course.

Meanwhile, Mr Meanie here - that's me - has to sit in a stuffy office all day. I interview people for a living and generally take about 30 minutes, sometimes more to do so. These are official, mandatory Government interviews and here & there I do get asked, excuse me, how long will this take? I have even had some repeat customers sit before me and declare their need to pee... Which just makes me take a little more time.

Never had anyone burst on me - that would take a lot of explaining. But some seriously crossed leg action, twisting and leaning forward in the seat. It;s very distracting you know!

}}

Haha i can imagine...ive had a number of sightings and i always seem to get distracted....not always good when using a chainsaw !


