Tickled my friend till she peed herself

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-08-22 19:47

You read correctly, tenacious tickling Tyler has strucken again.

This time twas upon my Australian friend. She's the only one of my friends who manages to be taller than me, so she has to be around...5"11, 6"? Irrelevent. She has C side breasts, dyed brown hair and quite a pretty face. I'm gonna stop describing her because it makes me feel like a weirdo.

The rest of our usual group has gone on (seperate) vacations and only three of us remain. The Australian and her ex girlfriend are the other two that remain besides your humble narrator. They broke up about a week ago and both decided they wanted to come over on separate days, probably wise since I'd be the only one acting pleasent. Her ex came over wensday while she came over thursday(Today) We watched American Pie for awhile. I made us both drinks. We both drank a combination of lemonade and blackcurrent. My personal preference. I grabbed the two largest glasses I had and took the largest one for myself, giving her the slightly smaller one. The drinks were quickly consumed by the two of us as we watched. She was laughing most of them time and seemed to be enjoying it. I sit back and watch as the movie ends and it begins.

Throughout American Pie the two of us had been constantly prodding and tickling the other. I played along despite not being ticklish, she on the other hand was very. When the movie ended we decided to go all out with it and she leapt forward and began to tickle me. Inbetween faking laughter, I decided to use my larger size to my advantage (She is taller but I have more muscle) and push forwards, and getting on top of her, tickling her sides. It works perfectly and she laughs, tears of laughter appearing in her eyes. I continued to tickle her until she began yelling.

"Stop! Stop! I'm gonna pee!" She said inbetween giggles. In my mind, I grin at this thought and continue to tickle. My knee was currently placed inbetween her legs so when she did pee herself, it would get on my knee. I decided to play the good guy and starting mocking her, acting like I believed it was a joke. She managed to get a hand free and I decided it would be best to let her get up. She instead puts the hand down to her crotch and makes a slight squeal. This let's me know she's lost it.

I look down and see a dark area appear on the crotch of her pants. She tries to cover it but the patch is too big. I feel it pool down where my knee is and it's warm. She's still laughing. She looks amazing. The smell of pee enters the room and I decide to move. I ask if she's okay and she confirms it. She looks down at herself and sees the mess she's made of her pants. She laughs, bright red from embaressment and asks if she can borrow some pants. I agree to it, since I also need some. SHe did urinate all over my knee. 

We go up to my room and begin to change. On the way up the stairs I see the pee had spread up her (very nice) ass and has left a huge patch there. We both enter the room and I take out some shorts, passing them to her. I've never worn them anywhere. I grab myself some jeans and remove my pants, replacing them with the new jeans. She doesn't bother to tell me to get out or turn around. There's no point. I watch as she removes her soaked pants and she's wearing black panties. Nice. I only got to look at her ass in panties and the patch is covering much of her ass. So tempted to grab it. Decided not too.

After a couple more movies (Trick R Treat, The latest Evil Dead ) and she heads off home, still wearing my shorts. She forgets she's left her pants here.

Lucky me.

*003*2013-08-23 16:03

Probably didn't change them because I was sat in the room and there was no way in hell I was leaving.

