Todays experience

Author: Valii

*000*2012-12-23 12:06

So before i start i just want to say that i enjoy seeing other peoples genuine desperation and wetting, i am not into staged wetting or holding. So this experience is 100% real desperation ;)

So the morning started with a family breakfast where i had a lemon lime and bitters followed by a mango smoothie. After breakfast we decided to go the shops and have a look around where i had a bottle of water. This was when my bf had the idea to have a massive water fight with my sister and cousins. So we went and bought 10 bags f water balloons and headed home.

Once we were home we put our swimmers on and started to fill the water balloons up in the garden. We were all very rushed with filling the water balloons up in the excitement i did not even realise i needed to use the bathroom. Once we filled the balloons up we had to move them from the tap where they filled up, to a chair that we were using as the stock pile. This was when i realised i had a mild urge to wee, but considering i was pretty wet from the tap and i didn't need to go that bad i decided to just not bother.

It wasn't long before we started the water fight and my bf copped a ballon straight in the face. We all burst out laughing when all of a sudden i felt a terrible pressure. Not wanting to show my desperation i had to clench ever muscle to stop my self weeing. I did despite my efforts let out a small leak.

A couple of minuets later my cousin copped a water balloon in the face and we once again burst out in laughter this time however by bladder gave way and i was uncontrollably leaking in my swimmers. after a couple of seconds of heaving leaking i managed to stop the flow.

Finally and with another couple of leaks the fight was over and i was able to relieve my bladder, luckily the whole fight i was wearing black swimmer and already wet from the water.

*002*2012-12-24 06:21

No as i said i am not into wetting so i did hold out to go to the toilet. And hopefully no one saw! I might have done a minor pee pee dance ;)

