5th Grade I Believe

Author: TheMarcher

*000*2011-02-23 03:56

This story takes place in 5th grade, a time where the teacher would allot a time during the class after lunch which people could go to the bathroom. However, she wouldn't let us all go at once (after all, we were a rowdy bunch and that was unwise). And these two girls in my group of desks always had to go really, really badly after lunch. The first, Tessa, would always complain about how bad she had to go pee, and would dance around in her seat talking about it. Brenna on the other hand wouldn't talk about it very much, but seemed like she had to go solidly. Well, one day Tessa i guess had ended up drinking even more than usual at lunch and really had to go. Now to be fair, our teacher would usually rotate the order of groups that would go (one group at a time). This particular day, we were 2nd to last to go. Tessa was squirming around in her seat a lot, complaining to no one in particular "oooh, i really have to pee, is it our turn yet, come onnnnnn!".

Well, as luck would have it she really started bouncing around, and attracting my attention. Brenna told her to cut it out (I learned later because she also had to pee quite bad). So Tessa is bouncing around, shifting her legs, squirming and finally gets this look of absolute terror on her face. She starts to freak out, "Oh my...I...I have to go, I have to go NOW". She sits there and raises her hand to try and ask the teacher if she can go, however the teacher is busy reading something on her desk. Tessa gets up and approaches the teacher unsteadily and asks to be excused (not sure what she said, she was quiet and out of earshot). 

However, the teacher denied her (in an audible voice) saying that certainly she could hold it the 5 minutes it would take for the table that was out at the bathroom to come back. She shook her violently, and bounced around, looking desperate enough to wet herself in the classroom, but was sent back to her seat. She squirmed around, shoving both hands into her crotch, and jigging her legs around. However fate was not in her favor. Just as the final person from the other group came back, Tessa couldn't hold it any longer. She flooded herself, peeing a mighty puddle down her chair and onto the floor. She was so embarrassed, her face was flushed red, and she was crying something terrible. The teacher got the janitor, and sent her to the nurse's office, and etc.

