So Close! - Female wetting

Author: rufioh_nitram

*000*2013-09-21 22:27

Hey there everyone. I'm new to the forums so I figured I would share a story of mine. My first wetting. Hope you enjoy it.

I live at home with my parents, and they go out together on weekends quite often. They usually leave me home alone overnight which gives me a chance to have some fun. I hadn't gotten into wetting/watersports until quite recently, but loved it as soon as I found it. I thought holding must feel amazing and decided I wanted to try it out. I had never had a wetting problem or a bladder incontinence problem, in fact my bladder had always been very large and I almost never had to hold it. This was true even as a child so the mere thought of it was amazingly naughty and arousing.

Now the decision was abrupt and I decided that instead of wearing my usual oversized hoodie and jeans getup, I would wear something more revealing. I put on a short red and black plaid skirt and a tight t-shirt. I hadn't used the bathroom the night before nor had I gone in the morning, and by the time I was left alone it was quite late in the afternoon and I was already quite desperate. I continued my normal weekend schedule, watching anime, reading, talking to friends, but all the while I was squirming and holding myself.

By sundown, I was beyond desperate. My bladder was throbbing and I was biting my lip to hold back any moans that would try to escape when my bladder flexed. Both hands were between my legs and my focus was lost on anything else I tried to do. At this point my desperation was beyond a 10, I had been holding for hours, and I needed to empty my bladder. My initial intention was to hold it and get to the toilet before I would wet my panties.

At the moment I decided to get up and go to the toilet, my bladder contracted and I let out a spurt into my panties. I groaned as my panties became damp and I doubled over in my seat. I knew that I was going to wet myself if I didn't get up and go. I stood shakily, releasing another spurt into my panties. It dripped out, splattering on the ground and wetting my fingers which were still working on keeping my pee inside. My legs were shaking and though the toilet was only a short distance away, I had to stop and hold my bladder to keep from bursting. I would drip slightly with every step, leaving a trail of my piss down the hallway.

The bathroom was only a few steps away now. My bladder contracted hard and I spurted into my panties once morel. I thought I had lost it at that point, it seemed as though the flow would never stop. I stopped, doubled over and holding myself in the hall to keep from soaking my panties completely. I regained composure and opened the door slowly, flipping on the light. Seeing the toilet was too much for my bladder, and I doubled over once more as I felt another spurt gush out of me. At this point I couldn't stop the flow, and I knew it. I removed my hands from my pussy, lifting my skirt and watching my piss flow out of my pussy and onto the tile. I sighed with relief as I watched the puddle grow around my feet. I kept going for almost two minutes before taking off my soaking wet panties and throwing them in the middle of the huge puddle. I felt my pussy growing damp with a new wetness. And the rest is history.

I'm sitting here now, home alone again and holding my piss.

Hope you guys enjoyed it. Leave some feedback if you want to hear more or how I can improve for next time.

Until next time <3,

Sei

*004*2013-09-22 00:09

{{:

Awesome story! Are you still holding?

}}

Thank you, and yes. I woke up sort of late and peed then so I'm just starting to get desperate. :3

Thanks to everyone else who enjoyed it as well!

*011*2013-09-24 17:58

{{:

Saying I enjoyed your story is an understatement ! I loved it ! Your story had everything I look for in a desperation and wetting story . Telling us ,how bad you need to pee, what you are doing to hold it, describing the spurts and leaks ( getting pee in your holding fingers), and most of all saying things like "I have to get up NOW or I am going to wet my panties", get me all excited and aroused .Finishing up with not quite making it and peeing trough you panties on the floor made for an awesome story.

Yea, please write again soon.

}}

Haha, you always leave great feedback. I appreciate it. <3

*015*2013-10-26 03:19

{{:

Wow fantastic post. How did u hold it that long ?great first wetting

}}

Bladder of steel, my friend.

{{:

This is an awesome story!!!! I sure hope your hallway does not have carpet. lol. The fact that you started gushing for two minutes is unreal.That is really insane. I wish I had a large enough blatter to pee on myself for two minutes! I have one thought, however. Would you pee yourself in sweats and write about it next time? I am a sucker for sweatpants. :) I would definitely love to hear that story, and I am sure many more would too. ;)

}}

//ponders whether or not I actually own sweatpants.

M-Maybe?

*017*2013-10-26 03:27

{{:

So sweats, for me, would be the cherry on the cake! :)

}}

POKER-SAN THAT'S A STRANGE ANALOGY YOU HAVE THERE...

*021*2013-10-26 15:33

{{:

Great, reminds me of one of my ex-es! Keep up the good work!

}}

T-That's good, right??

{{:

Medalpoker, -san is a Japanese suffix meaning "mr/s" or equivalent. Essentially, you got called Mr (or Mrs) poker. Phone version of the site doesn't give any extra details other than name, so I can't see gender (if you e even opted to show it)

}}

I dub thee sensei.

