Hottest girl in school wets during exam!

Author: jeromeft

*000*2015-06-25 09:45

This next sighting shall be my only sighting that involves a wetting. It happened to a girl during a major exam, she was a very popular girl with an amazing figure and a very pretty face, almost every guy in school was crazy over her. She wasn't very friendly as she was part of the 'cool kids' and she didn't talk much to other people. However she wasn't a bully and her 'cool' imagine I think made her very attractive! On that day we were wearing our school uniform, a white shirt with a red tie and she had a red skirt that length was made shorter to cover until about the middle of her thighs. We were 17 at that point of time.

We had 2 exams that day, 1 in the morning, 9am-12noon. and 2pm-4pm. It happened in the afternoon paper. Before the exam started, we were clearly told nobody would be allowed to leave the hall (huge hall where all students take exam, at least 20 students!) because a few days earlier, a student was caught hiding some notes in the toilet and cheating.

I have to admit, I wasn't very 'alert' and didn't spot that she was desperate until after quite sometime. She was sitting 1 seat diagonally infront and on the right of me, she was sitting with her wright on one side and had her legs double crossed. I thought nothing much of it as I thought she was just 'trying to be sexy'.

After about 15 mins into the exam, she raised her hand to get the attention of the teachers, these teachers weren't from our school, they were from another school as it was a major exam and I think they want to avoid any 'cheat'. They were whispering and I couldn't hear what they were saying, I only saw the teacher shake his head at her. I again thought nothing of it and thought she was just clarifying a certain question or something.. about 20 mins later, she did this again and asked another teacher but again, I saw him shook his head. By now I suspected that she needed to pee and was asking permission to be allowed to pee. She was now crossing her legs tightly, and changing positions quite frequently, but besides that, she wasn't displaying any other signs of being desperate to pee. She also asked permission very quietly, I think to avoid any unwanted attention on her and her desperate situation.

About 15 mins later, just before the 1 hour mark in the exam, she tried to ask another teacher for permission, again she was denied. She just uncrossed her legs and started bouncing them up and down and she put her arms around her bladder area and was bending forward. Just at about 2.55pm, I heard loud splashing sounds, I immediately saw that she was peeing herself. the front of her skirt had visible pee patches especially her crotch area as she seemed to have 'pushed' it against her vagina, her back of her skirt was definitely soaked as her plastic chair was flooded! and pee was dripping on the floor, creating a huge puddle! it was seriously a huge puddle that the student beside her had to 'move her feet' to avoid the spreading puddle. She was helpless and only looked around nervously hoping nobody was looking.

One of the teachers then went to her and they began whispering, I couldn't make out what they were saying, but i think she agreed that she would stay and continued doing her exam. And to my surprised not many people noticed her accident and only a few people near us had noticed it. When the exam ended and we could go, she remained in her seat and waited for the rest of the students to leave. I tried to 'delay myself' by packing slowly and was one of the last few to leave but she still remained seating there.

Judging from her amount of pee, her last pee must have been her morning pee, I do not know why she did not pee during the break. Also not many people knew about her accident as they wasn't aware of it until I 'casually asked' them about it. As for the teachers, the didn't really 'bend the rules' especially since they weren't from our school. For those of us who knew about her wetting, we joked that a 'cool kid' couldn't hold her pee, but we agreed in her defense that nobody could hold that huge amount of pee, definitely not an hour more! So it was understandable she lost control as I didn't think I could hold that amount as well.

During school days, I didn't really speak to her as I felt 'inferior' and wasn't part of the 'cool kids' But after I graduated, I have spoken to her when I see her along the street, etc. She is generally a very nice person, and definitely still very attractive! I am told by my ex schoolmates now that whenever someone tries to bring up her 'accident' she now claims it wasn't pee but she 'puked'. This was to obviously cover up herself as not many people were aware of her accident and most had 'second hand accounts' by only 'hearing' about the accident. To be fair, her pee was too much to hold for anyone at all, so I guess those people who wanted to mock her also had 'little reason' to do so.

I did have trouble concentrating on the exam, obviously distracted that one of the hottest girls in school had just peed a huge puddle in front of me! Lets just say I didn't do very well for that exam As for her, I think she was honestly at her limit as she wouldn't risk her 'cool' image but had absolutely no choice.

*005*2015-06-26 18:05

In reply to siegala's 3 scenarios, honestly I think it was option 3.

1. She was a 'cool kid' and she was the kind who would not risk her 'reputation' and risked being mocked at.

2. The amount of pee was really... huge, her plastic chair was soaked, (meaning her underwear and back of her skirt was totally soaked! and her puddle still reached the next table! it wasn't a 'stream' with a small line, it was a puddle! I cant estimate how much pee was that, but it was a lot!

Please feel free to ask if you have more 'questions' as I might have missed out certain details :)

*016*2015-06-30 07:24

Thanks for the pic, in my sighting, the puddle was definitely bigger, it reached to the next person and the other girl had to 'move her legs' to avoid the puddle.

Also if some of you are interested in desperation (no wetting though)i have a few other sightings of extreme desperation with close calls in another thread. As i didnt wanna mix those with a sighting that ended up with a wetting. The thread is 'my sightings' i will be posting a few more sightings there. Will be hapoy to dicuss/answer any questions regarding my sightings :)

*020*2015-07-06 04:02

{{ 

Making a puddle under your chair is such a betrayal if your trying to hide that you have just wet your pants , especially if it was that big that someone had to move their feet to avoid them getting wet . OMG poor girl she must have been really busting

}}

Yes, she was really bursting (judging from her puddle) but she didnt really show that she was desperate other than crossing her legs, i think she 'wasnt allowed' to pee dance as it was 'not cool' as it would make her look like a small kid who cant hold it.

