Too desperate to hold to the toilet

Author: PeeInSpace

*000*2015-08-25 06:12

I'll keep this short and sweet.

Desperate (kinda purposeful wetting) in my hallway after a desperate drive.

My over-active bladder has defiantly started getting worse recently, personally I blame all the energy drinks I've been having for late night gaming (I know. I'm my own worst enemy)

I went to visit my boyfriend yesterday who lives just a twenty minutes drive away.

When it came to leaving I kissed him goodbye and noticed a very slight fullness in my bladder as I stretched to reachhim . I've become hyper alert to these things now.

He was leaving for work and locked his front door behind us as we left. I knew I should probably ask if I could use his bathroom before I left, or even if I could use his garden and water a few bushes. But I didn't want to make him late for work, so I just got in my car. No problem. I'm sure I have a bottle in here somewhere, and if not there's a town ten minutes away. I'll just nip in the pulic loos there.

I start fumbling around in my car only find one small 150ml water bottle, nowhere near enough to hold a full bladder. I panicked slightly but settled on the fact that I would have to hold until reaching the town toilets.

My free leg was bouncing slightly while driving as running down his back country roads caused my bladder contents to swish around. I considered just stopping and going in the trees but my car would be blocking a one way Road.

I reach the town and a desperate wave of fullness hit me, I was potty dancing in my seat now, Greatful that a toilet would soon be available.

It wasn't.

I felt my need grow drastically stronger as I remembered one severe misfortune. Today was Sunday, and it was 6pm.

The toilets weren't open, and neither are any shops.

I swore as I placed on hand on my crotch to assist in holding, using one hand to steer through the unfortunately slow town centre.

I felt a little leak out into my hand but managed to get myself under control.

I managed to hold for another ten minutes before I was sweating and bouncing in my seat. My heart was beating and my abdomen ached. I realised driving like this was probably dangerous but I wasn't exceeding 20 miles an hour at any time so I could focus on the read.

I hit the infamous broken traffic lights. They should work fine, and they do. But only for traffic coming the other way. The junction only let's cars through every four minutes. I took the opportunity to hold myself with both hands.

I'd have to take a risk.

I had to let a bit out.

I unbuttoned my trousers and pants and held my penis in one hand. I let a few spurts escape into the footwell onto the rubber mat before allowing a slight stream to form. I clenched shut, happy that a slight weight had been lifted. But I was still dying for a pee, and letting some out had only worsened the need.

I genuinely think I started crying at somepoint in that car journey. But I made it. I made it!

Reaching the road me and my housemates live on caused my bladder to do excited flips. I was breathing heavily and rocking back a forth in my seat trying not the soak my mother's fabric seats.(Borrowed car)

There were no other cars in the drive. Everyone was out at work. I pulled into the drive a little too fast and I darted out of the car, leaving all my belongings behind.

I hopped from one foot to the other as I fumbelled for the key. I was leaving tiny splashes on the doorstep. I'm pretty sure our neighbours would be able to hear the panicked moaning I was letting out as I jammed the key into the lock and turned.

Now, I probably could've made it to the downstairs bathroom, as it was only ten feet away. But the second I slammed the door shut behind me one last wave shook me, sending shockwaves through my body. I didn't care anymore.

I spread my legs apart right there in the hallway. My keys still in my hand. I'd been holding so long and leaking quite a bit and my penis felt so numb I didn't feel the first light stream of pee shoot out.

A waterfall followed. I'm pretty sure the moan I let out was orgamisic, it sure felt it. My pants quickly saturated and the pee splattered on the tiled floor, forming a large growing puddle around me. I'd not wet this badly since I was a kid.

I could feel my bladder deflating over the floor, I was well within my limit to stop and finish in the toilet. It just felt too good. Plus I was alone in the house and the floor and myself were already dripping with a flood of urine. I was shaking as the last few dribbles escaped.

The pain was replaced by a tingling sensation in my crotch, recently, I've been more into omorashi than usual, which definitely contributed subliminally to my decision to flood the hallway in favour of a bathroom.

I grabbed a towel from the toilet and began to mop up the floor. I decided I would take care of my hard-on a little later. ;)

