A Day at the Beach

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-07-17 00:43

In recent times I have discovered that my best friend is anything but pee shy and leaves her bathroom door open half the time. For your pleasure and mine, here is a short story about her. First her appearance; she is about 5'4'' or 5'5'' and curvy with quite large breasts and an hourglass figure, long brown hair and hazel eyes. At the time she was wearing a two piece blue swim suit that showed all of her legs and a lot of cleavage. Oh, I'm gay by the way, and she knows, but it not even a little shy about being very affectionate with me even though I'm not the touchy feely type, and she's straight as a ramrod.

We were on a vacation to the beach, and this was the first time she ever went in the ocean so she was a little nervous, but I've been to this beach many times so we held hands for our first walk in. We were playing about for a bit, splashing in the cold water, then we went back up into the sand and made a castle (it looked like a piggie) near the incoming tide. That was when she said she needed to pee for about the fourth time. Let me preface this next part with the fact that I usually wouldn't have said anything because I am very shy, but she said she needed to pee more than a couple of times by now, so I just had to.

I said “well you are in a swim suit, and we are near the water.” She didn't need any further pushing, she immediately squatted in the incoming tide and began to pee. The stream came stunted at first, because it was quite cold, but then she let go completely. She REALLY had to go. She was squatting there for a good minute, pee gushing out of her, leaving little trails in the sand. It was the hottest thing I had ever seen. Then she sat down in the surf in an attempt to clean herself up, only managing to get sand on her butt, so we both went out into the deeper water to wade. 

That was when I realized I needed to pee, but I would never say anything so I just quietly waded and peed, feeling the water warm slightly near my privates. That was the hottest thing she has ever done in front of me, and she's tried to dry hump me while she was naked before. She is a peculiar one, but I love her. (I tend to close my eyes and be uncomfortable when she does sexual things, but peeing is not sexual in her eyes so I watched.)

