Meeting Tanya for the first time

Author: lukerossi

*000*2014-04-03 01:30

For those who missed my previous Tanya story, I’ll give you a quick lowdown.

I met Tanya online through a surfing forum. After months/weeks of chatting, I confessed my fetish for omorashi in one of those awkward “what do you like” conversations. Tanya picked up the ball and ran with it, wetting herself on a regular basis soon after. She lived in Melbourne while I lived a few thousand kms north on the Gold Coast. This story, like all my others, is a true and honest account.

We’d been chatting almost daily for months. Tanya’s routine began to include wetting herself most nights, and she quickly began to evolve and experiment with omarahi. Each night I’d get home from work after an hour’s drive and check my email. Almost always, there would be one from Tanya with a little paper clip that told me I’d better buckle up because there would be some golden gold inside.

We’d often chatted about the prospect of meeting each other and what might happen. Although she’d send me photos, knowing how I’d turned on I’d be, we’d never really been too sexual, rather just experimental friends with a common bond.

Tanya and a friend soon arranged a trip to the Gold Coast for a weekend holiday. They’d planned on hitting the clubs of Surfers Paradise at night, and sunbaking by day – a real life meeting was imminent, but no talk of anything sexual transpired. We’d simply planned to catch up for dinner and have a few drinks. Her friend Kylie would be there and staying in her room, so at no point did I think anything might happen, let alone anything pee related.

We met in her hotel lobby. Awkward pleasantries ensued, the sobering feeling of revealed secrets and exchanged photos creeps up quite quickly in the light of day.

We jumped in my car and headed to a secluded beach I knew of for a day of surfing and the awkwardness of a first meeting quickly slipped away as we chatted about things like the weather.

After a few hours of surfing and sunbaking, there was no mention of anything pee related or sexual, though for me, It was a big, fat, pink elephant standing there next to Tanya with it’s trunk in the air. I needed a drink!

We returned to Broadbeach where Tanya was staying and met up with her frind Kylie and quickly made dinner plans to pick up some takeaway and take to the hotel room and have some drinks.

The next few hours became a little easier. Without the prospect of pee on my mind and a few drinks under my belt, the conversation seemed to flow, though Tanya’s firm, sun-browned legs poking from underneath her denim skirt had my brain thinking some bad bad things.

Tanya asked me to follow her into her room to show me something for a second and Kylie kept her focus towards the TV so I did.

Tanya closed the door behind us and opened her luggage bag. Right then about a dozen different pairs of underwear spilled onto the bed. “There are so many things I’ve been waiting to try,” she gasped with a hand between her legs.

“I’ve haven’t peed on anyone yet and I haven’t peed the bed.”

Before I could pick my jaw up off the floor, I was straddled on her bed and almost immediately that familiar warmth I’ve become so fond of began to soak through my jeans.

Tanya groaned as she forced herself to stop.

She jumped up to pull on another pair of underwear – this time a silk pair of boyshorts she’d apparently set aside for this trip. I got out of the bed to follow her. I wanted her lips, I wanted to through her back on the bed and tick another box that involved emptying my full bladder all over her white shirt.

I grabbed her from behind in like a bear hug and pulled her around to face me. In an instant, we were lip locked and she pulled my hand down and then back up onto her pussy as she let out a spurt.

A quick knock on the door.

“What are you doing Tanya?” asked Kylie as the door began to rattle.

As it opened, Tanya poked her head out and hid her body. She explained she would be out soon. As she did my attention turned to the back of those brown legs and as she did her best to get rid of Kylie, streams of pee were rolling down them onto the carpet.

Tanya regained control and shut the door. “Fuck, she ruined it.” With that, she pushed me onto the bed, falling with me and lost all control. As pee hissed from her silk underwear she slid up and down my body laughing, “I can’t stop”.

“Guess Its going to be hard to sleep in here tonight,” she laughed.

I was rock hard and bursting, so I rolled her over in one swift motion and forced out a stream. I’d been aiming for her already saturated pussy but the burst over shot it’s mark and nearly hit her chin.

She grabbed my cock, taking full control of the aim as I let go a more controlled stream and proceeded to coat herself in my piss.

Right after, she rolled me back over and leapt straight on top of me and forced my now throbbing cock inside her.

We had wildly passionate sex in a soaking bed for the next hour, slowing only so Tanya, could slightly pull my out and pee down my cock again.

That night we made a makeshift bed on the floor but not much sleep was had. Tanya had plans for the morning, as there were still un-wet panties and un-ticked boxes waiting.

Next – Tanya’s return to the Gold Coast for a forum party

*003*2014-04-04 06:09

It's really hard hence shooting poor Tanya in the chin after pushing too hard! Once you get the flow started though it's not hard to keep going. There are photos of Tanya in my previous story too guys.

