Wife's Accidents

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-04-28 19:03

After things ended with my kinky girlfriend I soon met and started dating the woman who is now my wife. I was in college, she was still in high school. We met just after her 16th birthday.

I will tell these stories chronologically as they happened to her. I didn't get to witness many of them but she told me about the others that I didn't see.

The first she told me about was when she was around 10 or 11 years old in a girl scout-type group. They had a meeting one night and something funny happened and she got to laughing and before she could stop she completely peed her brown shorts in front of everyone.

Then in middle school when she was around 13 or 14 years old she laughed too hard one day after band practice and peed a little but was wearing a skirt so nobody could see it, though the crotch of her panties were pretty wet and she had to avoid sitting on her skirt on the way home to keep it from getting wet.

My favorite that I didn't witness took place just after we started dating though she didn't tell me about it until a couple of years later when I told her about my fetish. I was at work after class and she was home after school watching a movie in their living room while she waited for me to get off work so I could come over. She had to pee but didn't want to stop watching the movie so she held it. And held it longer. Longer than she should have. Suddenly she knew she was about to lose control so she paused the movie, got off the couch, and hurried towards her bathroom in the hallway. As she got to the bathroom door, however, she started losing control. Squirts of pee started escaping into her panties and jeans. She grabbed herself and shut the bathroom door and started to unbutton her jeans but kept peeing harder before she could get them undone.

Finally she got them unbuttoned and unzipped and lifted the toilet seat lid, turned around, stopped peeing for a second, shoved her jeans and panties down, sat, and let go the rest into the toilet. She looked down and her panties were soaked in the crotch, partially up the front, and up the bottom 1/4 of the butt. Her jeans were wet in front, to the sides on the front of her thighs, down the inside of her thighs to her knees, on the back of her thighs, and halfway up the back and sides of her butt. She said she lost about half in her pants before she was able to get them down. She felt really stupid for peeing her pants so badly at home with nobody around completely on accident just because she had been holding it too long being stubborn. (I still picture her at that age having this accident sometimes in my fantasies when we can't be together or have sex...)

More later.

*004*2011-04-29 18:11

{{ 

Excuse me, this might seen random but umm... what does your wife look like

I mean hair color, eye color, etc

}}

Currently, in her mid-20s: 5'4", shoulder length brunette, around 140 lbs, 36DD breasts, wide hips with a full butt, but a skinny waist - not overweight at all, just curvy, and dark brown eyes. When we started dating when she was 16 she was just skinnier and her boobs were slightly smaller, though not by much. She has always been curvy in a very sexy way. I'm a lucky man. :)

