Soaking my jeans in a public bathroom

Author: DesperateAriel

*000*2013-12-21 01:00

Please Excuse my english, I'm norwegian.

Yesterday I decided that I should go eat lunch at the cafe nearby, because their food Tastes really good. In the morning I had 2 cups of coffee before I left, But I decided to stop and buy yet another cup of coffee on my way to the cafe, because for some reason It felt almost like I was addiccted to coffee that day, and the coffee at the cafe tastes horrific. As I was walking towards the cafe I noticed that I really had to pee. I didn't go to the toilet in the morning, and My bladder was starting to get Kind of full since I Drank so much coffee. I was still far from desperate, so I just kept on walking.

When I got to the cafe I ordered some food and a glass of water. The food always takes some time to be made, so I sat down at a table and waited. There was a lot more people in the cafe today than there ussually is. I drank two large glasses of water before my food finally was ready after About 20 minutes. As I sat there and ate my food I kept drinking a lot of water and after a while I was in a quite desperate need to pee. By the time I had finished my food I really had to pee so badly and I was holding one hand between my legs.

I was just About to get up and run to the toilet, but then a friend of mine suddenly comes over to my table. "Hi" she says and sits down in the other chair at my table. I replied and we started talking, But I did not want her to know how desperate i was to pee so I did my best to hide it. We kept talking for About half an hour before she left. When she left My urge to pee was so bad I could barely get out of my chair without soaking my jeans.

I was wearing dark grey jeans and a black t-shirt. I walked as fast as I could to the toilet, and opened the door to the womens restrooms. Just as I was opening the door a little pee spurted out into my panties, but I held back. When I got into the room I saw that there was a line of 4 people there allready. There is only two toilets there and I had no idea how I was going to hold back my pee. I was really desperate.

The other girls in the line was around my age, one of them looked a few years Older but not much. They all seemed pretty desperate, but the second girl in the line looked most desperate of them all. She was About my age, wearing a red jumper and denim jeans. There was a wet spot on her jeans but not so big. She heldt her hand between her Crossed legs and seemed like she was struggeling extreamly much Trying not to burst.

Seeing all this desperation really turned me on, a lot. But I had to focus on holding my pee, because I had never wet my self with so many people around before. Someone finally came out from one of the stalls, and the line was now one person less. The extreamly desperate girl was very sexy, and I could not stop myself from looking at her when she was so desperate, it looked so hot. She peed a little and the dark spot on her jeans grew. As she did so I did too, but I stopped it in time.

The girls pee kept spurting into her jeans more and more often, but one of the stalls got opened and she made it in time. I heard the sound of her peeing and tought of how good her relief must feel. She let out a sigh of relief and I could hear her peeing really loud. Listening to her made me have to pee Even more and I could barely hold it. I spurted a little into my panties and my jeans got a small wet spot.

After some seconds I spurted again, still hearing the loud sound of all the pee that girl was holding so desperately on now that she was finally letting it out. It really was a lot of pee. She must be feeling such a good relief I tought. I spurted again, Trying as hard as I could to hold back but only 5 seconds later it happend again. It happend again and again. I was spurting every third second and I could not hold it anymore. The spurting became a steady stream and my jeans got soaked with pee. A huge puddel grew on the floor and I sighed out in relief. It felt so good! I kept peeing and it was so incredabily much pee that came out. I peed for over one and a half minute and It is the longest time that I have ever peed before. Luckingly I always have an extra pair of jeans with me so I got changed, paid for the food and walked back home.

