My first time

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2011-06-18 00:57

For me it started when I was around 10, or 12. Before that I had fuzzy memories from around pre school, or kindergarden age. Back then I remember sometimes wetting myself in the day. I guess I had a weaker bladder than others. I would just be sitting or playing and I would leak a bit into my briefs. I was always quite a lot but it usually would'nt show on my pants However, I also remember completley loosing control and needing new clothes a few times. At night also I would every so often wet the bed.

I remember waking up to cold wet underwear and shirt (that's all I wore to bed then, and now) and matress. I outgrew it though, and on top of that my family started going on really long car trips for vacations to the beach and I had to strengthen my bladder out of necessity. Anyway, when I got to age 10 or so, I was hugely into learning anything I could get my hands on. I remembered wetting myself what seemed like ages ago to me. I deciced to wet myself now to gain another experience. (but really I was just re-remembering the past)

So one day I ignored the bathroom all day. I was wearing a windbreaker outfit because my family was kind of poor. For those who don't know it is a long sleeve/legged suit with a waterproof nylon outside layer, and a soft cotton inner layer. So all day I built up my bladder. Eventually when it got about half full I decided to do it. I relaxed my bladder, but it would'nt come out. Maybe I was resisting it, or my strong car trip bladder was keeping me back? I must have tried about 7 times. Then on the eighth time I was downstairs in the kitchen sitting at the dining room table alone. I zoned out a bit thinking of something else and at that moment I also relaxed my bladder again. I felt my crotch get really warm, and wet. I noticed what was happening and got a huge grin on my face. Shortly after I was sitting on the floor watching TV with the rest of my family in cold wet pants.

About 15 minutes latter I decided I would deal with my wettness. I went up to my room, and stripped my lower clothes off. My pants were wet only on the inside down to my knees. I did'nt even feel them get wet down that far! My blue briefs had a huge wet spot on the front. From then on I just really got into it. Later I would just sit in my room not wearing pants but just my underwear and wet them. Today I realize how stupid, and reckless I was. I could have been caught at anytime.I also wonder how well it would have worked to fully wet the windbreaker outfit.

