REPOST - Yet again another movie wetting

Author: Krystal

*000*2014-01-31 00:57

It was just another typical Saturday night at home for me, but what made this one a little different was that my roomie Emily would be staying in again tonight.

So, movie time... but what movie to watch?

After some discussion back and forth, we settled on ‘The Inbetweeners’, maybe because we both wanted a laugh. So we got some snacks and drinks and put on the movie.

I had gotten myself eight bottles of raspberry Mountain Dew, (I love that stuff xD), and Emily had gotten herself some Jack Daniels with Coke (someone planned on being tipsy, LOL).

We had already started laughing before the movie began because I was making faces at Emily.

Then we started watching the film, and we giggled and drank and ate, until about 40 minutes into the movie when I felt it come over me: that unmistakable feeling you get when your pee is really starting to fill up your bladder.

By now four of my eight bottles of Mountain Dew were all gone, so I decided to stop drinking for about ten minutes to let it all settle. Meanwhile, Emily had already gotten through a quarter of her bottle of JD.

Still we kept watching the movie, and a while later, I had finally finished off the last of my eight bottles. The movie was just at the part when it came to the pool scene, and I was more than just a tad desperate by now, my bladder full and bulging under my red tank top and favourite Charmander Pokemon hoodie.

In fact, as I looked at all that water onscreen, I was holding myself through my tight black jeans shorts and black tights, and I bit my bottom lip as I glanced over at Emily to see how she was doing. She had one hand resting on her thigh and she was squeezing it through her black cotton leggings for all she was worth. I knew that sign… it meant that she was desperate now too!

Somehow, we both managed to hold on until the very end of the movie. I was just about to get up when Emily suddenly doubled over and put her hands in her black and white polka dot knickers. As I glanced over at her, my bladder twinged, telling me it was quite full and ready to release at any moment now. I popped the top button on my tight jeans shorts in order to feel some relief and I started to walk quickly towards the bathroom when Emily jumped up and stood in front of me, blocking my path to the toilet I so desperately needed now. She knew where I was going, and in her tipsy state you could believe she would do anything to stop me just so that she could see me wet myself again!

“C’mon, Em! Quit fooling around, I REALLY need to pee right this sec!”

“OK, Krys… if you can keep both arms above your head for 30 seconds no matter what, I’ll let you pass,” she said with a very devilish grin.

“No way! I know just what you’ll do then…”

“I promise, I won’t tickle you this time!”

And I trusted her... silly me! I stood in front of her with my arms pointing toward the ceiling, and of course my top rode up over my belly button, and of course Emily took the opportunity to tickle me! So there I was laughing, feeling her sharp fingernails on my skin, but instead of trying to stop her from tickling me I was busy trying to keep up my shorts which I had forgotten were undone and now they were slipping further and further down my legs the more I squirmed. I leaked and squirted a little into my knickers as I laughed uncontrollably, but I hadn’t peed fully just yet. I was trying to be strong tonight, but then Emily used my one weakness against me and proceeded to pull my tights down with her free hand revealing my dark green knickers, which now had a wet patch slowly forming on the front of them as she continued to tickle me with her other hand.

Finally, I couldn’t take it any more, and I began to wet myself completely through my knickers and my black tights, soaking my jeans shorts which were down around my ankles by now, and my nice warm fluffy penguin patterned socks. I fell to the floor while continuing to pee and laugh the whole time. I couldn't manage to tickle Emily back under her white midriff top because I was laughing too much, but as she had sat down on top of me and pinned me to the floor she started laughing so hard herself that she wet anyhow, soaking her knickers, her black leggings and her cute little pink socks, too !

And that’s why I always love watching movies with Emily… because we bond over them and then you guys get to read a good story from us! ^_^

Love you all,

Krystal

(Big thanks and hugs, with many kisses to Frostyy <3)

