Wetting walking home from school

Author: DanielleGrace

*000*2014-02-20 04:09

My first story about a wetting that happened when I was 16. I'm not much of a writer so be nice please :)

It was a Friday at school when my best friend Chloe asked me to her house for a sleepover, after clearing it with our parents we decided we'd go to hers straight after class.

I always hated using the bathroom at school so I usually held it until I got home but on this particular day I'd had quite a lot to drink at lunch so when it got to the last lesson of the day I was already pretty desperate. I tried squirming around and finally found a comfy position resting my pussy on the side of the chair holding my pee in.

By the end of the lesson I was almost bursting, a small spurt escaped when I stood up. I rushed to the bathroom only to find it locked as it was the end of the day.

Chloe met me outside the school gate and I explained how desperate I was, so she tried to take my mind off it. Half way home another spurt escaped, larger than the last it began to run down the back of my legs, luckily I was wearing a skirt so it wasn't so obvious, I stopped walking and managed to push my fingers against my pee hole just in time to stop the flow. Chloe saw what happened and gave me a hug before taking my hand and walking faster, trying to get home before I completely lost control.

I managed to get to Chloe's house when her mother opened the door for us, I still had my hand down my panties rubbing my pussy hard, almost in tears. Chloe's mom knew immediately what was wrong and tried to rush me to the bathroom, when I got through the front door I froze and still with my hand on my pussy I began to pee standing right infront of them both and I couldn't stop. It lasted for what seemed like ages and when I'd finished there was a puddle on the floor.

Chloe's mom was really nice and took me to the bathroom to help me clean up. She took my wet panties to wash and gave me a towel to clean myself, I was already quite aroused by all the rubbing earlier so the fluffy towel on my over sensitised pussy felt amazing.

I didn't have any spare panties with me so spent the rest of the night bare. Needless to say when I got in bed that night I didn't need to do much touching before I came!

