Wetting from Fear

Author: Inactive

*000*2015-04-11 20:38

Several weeks ago I came across a topic in General Discussion about wetting while gaming. This seemed like an interesting idea and I figured it would be a good idea to try. I'm not really into video games, but I do enjoy playing the computer game Roller Coaster Tycoon and decided to do a hold while playing that game. It took a long time for me to find the perfect time to try it. After doing some planning I figured the perfect time would be during the weekend, on a Saturday, since I have plenty of alone time during most of the day and I get the rest of the evening to myself. However, it didn't exactly go as planned.

Both my parents left the house at 12, and I planned on starting at 12:30 and drinking a glass of water every 30 minutes. I wore a pair of jeans with a short, pink skirt over it, and a neon yellow shirt. I love the sensation of wetting my jeans, but skirt wetting makes me feel so sexy. I changed into this outfit before starting the game, and put a towel underneath the chair to help protect the floor. I filled a glass of water and drank it. At that time, my bladder was empty since I had used the bathroom not too long before starting my hold.

Soon, I was already starting to feel the water making its way to my bladder. Thirty minutes into the game, I refilled my glass, and I was also feeling a little hungry, so I grabbed a snack of cheese and crackers. After I finished my snack, and my glass of water, I was at about 2.5/10. The water from the previous glass had reached my bladder and I could definitely feel it in there.

55 minutes into the game, I saw a wasp. IN MY HOUSE. I am extremely terrified of wasps, and even though I was already at a 3/10, I felt I would end up wetting myself very soon due to fear. It landed on the window right next to the computer so I had to sit very still or I might have been at risk of getting stung...or wetting myself...or both! D: My mom has always told me to just ignore it and it will leave you alone, but even if I try to ignore it, I still feel terrified.

One hour into the game, I got up to get another glass of water, and on my way back I saw the wasp again and I froze for a moment. But after taking a deep breath, I slowly sat back down. Ten minutes later, I was at 3.5/10, but it almost felt like a 7 because of my fear. The wasp flew off the window and I felt like I was about to leak. I started concentrating less on the game and more on my desperation, as well as the fact that one of my worst fears was flying around somewhere in my house.

I decided to save the game and close it out so I could continue it at a later time. However, I continued with my hold. I reached 4/10, and if I wasn't doing a hold at that time, I probably would have used the bathroom. Pretty soon I reached a 5/10 and started to fidget. It was also feeling a little cold in the house, and that wasn't helping my desperation at all.

When I refilled my glass of water, the sound of running water almost made me leak. After I sat back down I started fidgeting even more. Pretty soon I finished drinking it down and started fidgeting like crazy, almost squirming. I hadn't seen the wasp lately, so I felt a little less scared and that made it easier to keep it in. Before long, I was at 7/10 and was squirming and moaning like crazy. Constantly, I had to put my hand down there and hold my crotch to keep from wetting myself.

I had originally planned on adding a challenge by putting the chair to the side and standing up for the rest of the hold, so I did that. I was then standing with my legs crossed and typing with one hand while the other was on my crotch. I was pee dancing and crossing my legs, trying not to wee myself.

Ten minutes later, I noticed the wasp again, crawling around on the window across the room. My fear returned and I started to dribble quite a bit. I tried to stand still but it was so hard not to squirm. The dribbles soon turned into leaks, which turned in to spurts. Pretty soon, I was spurting like crazy. I had to go so bad! There was a huge wet spot on my jeans and some of it showed on my skirt as well. I was rubbing my legs together to keep from losing it, but that didn't seem to be helping much.

Suddenly the wasp started flying to another window and I froze in terror. I felt it coming, then I started peeing uncontrollably. The warm liquid ran down my legs and onto the towel under me. I moaned with relief as I soaked my jeans, skirt, and towel with pee. It felt so good! I wasn't even thinking about the wasp anymore; just the relief.

Afterwards, I wasn't really worried about the wasp, so I took a few pictures of my soaked jeans. I then went into my room to get changed.

Hope you enjoyed! I certainly did ;)

Shit...I just saw the wasp again! Wish me luck getting through the rest of the night without retreating to my room xD

*007*2015-04-13 21:05

Thanks for the comments!

Thankfully, my mom found it yesterday morning and sprayed it, so it's dead now :)

