Don`t know where else to post this

Author: schubert.will

*000*2015-04-09 21:43

I have a freind named Kassie (alias) who has urge incontinence and I have witnessed a fair amount (not as many as my other friend, Ari) of her accidents. Here's a few facts about her: 1). she only tells her close friends and/or people who have seen her wet herself about her condition, 2). She refuses to wear full time protection (I say "full time" because she DID wear an adult diaper once on a road trip after peeing in her pants in the back seat of my friend's pick up) and 3). she refuses to seek treatment because she hates to go to the doctor (she has a phobia of anything doctor related). Now this is NOT a wetting experience (well not enitrely) so I don't know where to post this. This time she pooped her pants.

We were at an indoor music festival at a mid sized venue. Between bands she said she was going to go to the bathroom, which were unisex individual bathrooms so lines were inevitable. She came back very quickly and said "Too big of a line. I'll wait until it clears up." It didn't.

Hours and hours later, the festival was over and people were starting to clear the room. Earlier Kassie and I got separated and I didn't find her until now. She was stiitng on a chair looking very nervous, distressed and in a different pair of pants. I went up to her and she asked if the bathrooms were clear. I said "I think so." She just nodded and said okay. I quietly asked if she had an accident, and if that was the reason she was now wearing long jeans instead of her jean shorts. 

She said "I wet my pants a while ago outside but I don't think anyone noticed." (I didn't see this event so I can't accurately write about it). "But I still haven't been able to go number two." I said "Okay well if you hurry I think you can catch the janitor before he locks up." She tightly closed her eyes and moaned. Then she grunted out "If I get up right now, I'm gonna go in my pants. Just give me a second." A few moments later she sighed and said, "Okay I'll meet you outside. She got up and started trotting toward the bathroom. I heard her inhale through her teeth and let out a sigh of desperation. As I was walking out I heard her moan "Oh God oh God oh God" while she was still running to the bathroom.

I waited outside by the car for not five minutes and my phone started buzzing. It was Kassie. She sounded very distressed, but not panicked "Can you bring my backpack to the bathroom please?" I agreed, grabbed the bag and hurried to the bathroom. When I got there I knocked on the door. I heard her say "Occupied." And I responded with "It's Will." The door unlocked and she pulled me inside. She stood there and looked very uncomfortable. "Okay we gotta put our heads together." I was really confused, but knew what happened. She realaxed a little, shrugged, look down at the floor and said "I didn't make it. I just couldn't hold it." That's when I smelled her accident. "Oh." I said. "Well what do you need me for?"

"Here's the problem." She opened her bag and pulled out some clothes, her pair of shorts from earlier and a pair of tan underwear that were still very damp. "I need to change my panties, but the ones I'm wearing are the only extras I brought. My pants are fine. On the outside at least."

She was starting to freak out again so I said "Slow down. Start from the beginning." She said that she started to lose control in the hallway, got to the bathrooms and there was a person inside each one. She said that she couldn't hold it another second and, as she put it " I just started going. Couldn't stop it no matter how hard I tried. A girl came out of one of the bathrooms and saw the look on my face and apologized." Now this clearly wasn't a case of the runs or anything, since she only needed to change her underwear. She just couldn't hold a normal bowel movement for that long. Keep in mind the next section is paraphrased but still accurate.

"So What do we do?" She asked

"Well you can't wear what you have on, but you can't exactly put on your other ones either. How wet ARE your other ones?"

"Freakin soaked. Still not dry."

"There's a 24 hour pharmacy a few blocks from here but I don't think they sell underwear. I could get you some..."

"Not gonna happen." She said.

"Well your only other option is to clean up and go commando."

"Nope not doing that either."

"You can hold your other ones under the hand drier for awhile."

"I suppose but the car is going to smell like p*ss all the way home."

"I don't really care. I'll just open my window."

She sighed and said "Fine."

Awhile later she came back with a par of black purple panties balled up in a paper towel. "I'm not putting them in my backpack. They're too gross." So she placed them in her trunk and we left. The car didn't smell as strongly as I thought it would.

The drive was about thirty miles and about a mile from her apartment she frustratedly said "Oh god dammit!"

"What? Did you forget something?"

She started cracking the f*ck up. "No! I'm peeing!" We both laughed uncontrollably. "What a HORRIBLE day!" She said. When we pulled into her apartment and got out, she got the towel and air freshener she keeps in the back and wiped down the driver seat and sprayed the air freshener. We made out way to her apartment and I saw the wetness on the back of her jeans.

*003*2015-04-11 05:16

TYPO CORRECTION: *Black WASTED purple panties.

Not black purple. WTF does that even mean? lol

And thanks guys. Not really that into it myself, but I still found this experience noteworthy

