Best Day of My Life

Author: MrDesp

*000*2012-04-06 18:22

Hey guys I had an amazing experience last week and I thought I would share it with you lot. I never really saw any real life wetting whilst at school and since I left at 16 I have only seen a couple of wetting accidents, that was the case until last week when my fantasies came true, it certainly made for a great Easter present !

P.S. Sorry its so long but im a sucker for detail. Anyway here's the deal -

First of all I'll introduce the people so you know. There's Me (obviously, btw im Matty) a girl called Natalie who I have known for a couple of years (not well, she lives up the road from me and we speak if we see each other but no more than that) and her friend who I met for the first time who is called Sarah, and as a added note we are all 20.

It started when I was on the way home from college, I go to college in the city and I live in a small town on the outskirts. I usually get the train home as I live round the corner from the train station making it convenient, plus its faster than the bus. As I entered the train station someone said “hi Matty”, I turned round and there was Natalie stood at the ticket machine with a girl who I assumed to be her friend. I said “Hi” back and gave a cheery wave then continued walking through the ticket barrier. I flashed my pass at the operative and went down the steps, under the subway and arrived at my platform. I looked at the timetable and my train was due in 15 mins. I leant against the railings and began the waiting game.

A couple of minutes later Nat and her friend came and sat on the bench opposite where I was stood. This was advantageous to me because both Natalie and her friend were gorgeous and both looked super fine. Natalie has long blonde hair and was wearing a tight red shirt and light blue jeans. Her friend, Brunette, was wearing a white t-shirt, which was slightly see through to her pink bra and a short denim mini skirt which when she sat down I could see straight up to her matching pink knickers, coupled with that the skirt showed off her long sexy legs. Natalie saw me looking at her and flashed me a smile. After about 5 mins Nat looked up at the board then turned to her friend and said “I'm just going to the toilet, back in a minute”. She stood up and walked off and I couldn't help watching her sexy ass wiggling as she walked along.

She came back, not 30 seconds later and sat down. She turned to her friend and said “they were locked, ill just have to wait” to which her friend said “oh, I was going to go after you but never mind we will have to wait till we get home (the train we were getting doesn't have toilets as it is only a short journey). This comment set off my selective hearing and I studied both of them, but neither of them showed any signs of being desperate. 10 minutes passed and the train arrived and we went and stood by the doors.

As we were stood there I noticed Natalie had her legs crossed which made me think she may need to pee more than I thought. We got on the train and I sat in a table seat opposite to where they were sitting. The train usually takes about 25 mins as it has to stop halfway to allow an express train through. For the first 10 mins of the journey I was watching them but neither of them showed any signs of needing to pee, however the friend was sat sideways with her feet up on the seat giving me a clear view of her sexy pink knickers so at least I had something to look at ;).

We came to the stopping point and after a couple of minutes of being stationery Natalie said “oh come on I wish this damn Express would hurry up I need a wee” and upon saying this she crossed her legs. Her friend then said “me too, I wish we could have gone at the station”. After 5 mins the train started moving again and we set off, I was keeping a close eye on the two girls cos I thought at least I might see some real life desperation, little did I know I was in for much more than that. 

I had noticed that Natalie had her hand in her crotch and her friend had taken to bobbing her legs up and down. I suddenly had a thought that made me feel quite happy, my local town is only small and the train station consists of two platforms and a shelter, there are no toilets, obviously they both knew this fact but it meant that they wouldn’t be able to relieve themselves when they got off the train meaning I would get the chance to watch them for a bit. We went under the motorway and this meant that we would be arriving in about 5 mins. I watched her Natalie's friend boobing her legs up and down and my mind started racing, all I could imagine whilst looking up her skirt at her pink knickers was just behind them there was a torrent of pee trying to escape and I just kept having visions of a wet spot suddenly appearing as she lost control, but then she didn’t seem that desperate so that wasn't going to happen.

The driver came over the tannoy and announced that we were arriving at the next station, at this they both stood up and headed towards the doors, I stood up and followed, as I was stood behind them at the door I could see Natalie was bending slightly at the knee, for most people this is unimportant but to a desperation fan like myself this means they are getting desperate, her friend was also had her legs crossed. We stopped at the station and as we were waiting for the doors to open Natalie suddenly said “oh come on, why is it when you have to pee really bad everything takes forever”. This confirmed that she was desperate and only heightened my excitement. The doors eventually opened and we got off, we set off walking up the stairs to get to the street level. 

Once we were at street level they set off walking down the road and I followed a few paces behind. We got about halfway down the street when suddenly Natalie stopped and bent forward. Her friend asked if she was alright and she replied “im fine, I just really need a pee” upon hearing this her friend crossed her legs and jammed her hand into her crotch “me too, I thought I was going to wet myself on the train, come on were nearly at yours then we can go to the toilet”. They carried on walking and every few steps Natalie stopped and did her bending forward routine. I was just walking along behind enjoying every minute of it.

We turned off the main street onto our street which is a long steep hill ending in a dead end, I live about a quarter of the way up and Natalie lives almost at the top. We were walking up the hill when Natalie stopped and bent over with a look of despair on her face. “oh no I've just lost a bit, im never going to make it all the way to mine”, “you've got to try” replied her friend “you cant pee yourself that would be awful, I would suggest you squat and just let it all go but there's nowhere private to do so...i know cos ive been considering the same thing”. Because they had stopped walking I had caught up with them and walked past them. As I was walking away from them I heard her friend say “Just ask, if ya know him it should be alright”. 

Suddenly Natalie shouted “Matty”, I turned round and walked back to them” at this point she was sat on the railings and had her hand jammed into her crotch and her friend was bobbing up and down at the knees. She smiled at me and said “can I ask a big big favour Matty”. “I looked at her and said “sure go for it”. She looked straight into my eyes and said “i know I dont know you past being a neighbour but I was just wondering if me and my friend could come into your house and use your loo....i know its a cheeky request but were both dying for a pee and I dont think we can make it all the way up to mine”.

“Course you can” I replied “but you only live up the road”...i was playing like I didnt know they were desperate and plus I wanted to hear them say it....”i know I only live up the road but we've both needed to pee since we saw you at the train station earlier and since then its just got worse and worse....we are both nearly wetting ourselves and look ive already lost a bit”, She pointed to the front of her jeans and there was a wet patch which when I saw it I nearly flipped and fantasies suddenly started filling my head....i came to my senses and said “come on then” and we set off towards my house. Every few steps Natalie stopped and kept doing her bent over hand stuck in crotch move, each time she did this felt a spasm in my cock....luckily I was wearing a long coat which hid my bulge.

We reached my front door and I had to get my keys out of my bag as that's where I keep them. I made a play of pretending I couldn’t find them and the reaction on their faces was priceless. I opened the main door to my house and entered the lobby. Whilst I was unlocking the door she said “thank you so much Matty, I owe you big time for this”, I opened the door walked in and entered the living room. “i told her where the bathroom was and she shot off up the corridor and up the stairs”. As she shot off her friend shouted after her “Be quick Nat im busting for a pee” and crossed her legs and began bobbing again. 

I suddenly realised the situation I was in, I was stood in my living room with a total stranger who was on the verge of wetting herself...i couldn't believe my luck. I took my coat and bag off and put them away then came back into the living room. She was just stood there with her skirt lifted up and her hand on her pussy sucking air through her teeth like women do when they are desperate. I realised I didn't know her name so I said “ as you've heard from Natalie my names Matty and your name is,” “Sarah” she replied and held her hand out and shook mine, this was obviously a mistake as she suddenly snapped it back to her crotch. “oooh hurry up Natalie she said and began pacing up and down. “are you alright” I asked her. “i will be if Natalie would hurry up, Ive never had to pee so bad in my life...im going to have an accident in a minute.

I then realised that id taken my coat off and my erection was no longer hidden so I excused myself and “rearranged myself” so that it was not visible. “what the hell is she doing” she exclaimed im absolutely dying here and she's hogging the bathroom all to herself”. About 20 seconds later she suddenly shouted “OH NO” and looked at me with a look of despair on her face. “whats up” I asked and she lifted up her skirt and there was a small wet patch on the front of her panties, “its coming out she said, Can you go and tell her to hurry up”. I went up the corridor and knocked on the bathroom door,

“are you ok in there”

“im fine ta”

“well sarah said can you hurry up cos she's gonna wet herself”

“ok I wont be a minute”

I went back to the living room and Sarah looked up at me and said “im so sorry”.... “why whats up” I said” she looked down and I followed her line of sight and saw small streams of urine running down her legs. “is she nearly done, I couldn't stop myself, it just came out and its gone all over your carpet”, “dont worry about it” I said “it happens”.... “it shouldn't happen to me, Im 20 years old and here I am wetting myself like a little girl and ive peed on your floor”.... “its fine” I replied. “it wont be fine in a minute, if she doesn't hurry up and get out of the bathroom im going to explode and everything will be soaked” she said and I could her the desperation in her voice.

Just then we heard the toilet flush and a great look of relief of spread across her face “yes yes come on come on youre almost there, you can hold it, youre not going to wee yourself like a schoolgirl” she muttered under her breath whilst conducting the best pee pee dance I have ever seen. “whats she doing, she better not be washing her hands, im on the verge of weeing all over the place and she's making herself all pretty, I cant believe it”. About 10 seconds later Natalie appeared at the door at Sara went racing past her and I heard the bathroom door slam. Natalie looked at me and said “i kinda had an accident”. She then walked into full view and her jeans had a huge wet patch down the front”... “what happened I asked, “i got into the bathroom and I just lost control and I hurried to get my jeans down but they ended up getting wet along with my panties. That's why I was so long cos I accidentally peed on the floor so I had to clean up”.

5 mins later Sarah came back down and when she saw Natalie’s Jeans she said “haha you too” she then turned around and had a huge round patch on the back of her skirt and lifted it up to reveal her knickers were completely soaked. “you were taking so long in there I just couldn't hold it”. They both kept apologizing and I told them not to worry that these things happen. Then Natalie suddenly realised the situation and said “how are we going to get to mine looking like this”. Despite my overwhelming excitement of the situation I obviously felt sorry for them so I asked if they were In a rush. They said that they werent so I said “if you want I can either lend you some clothes to wear then you bring them back later or you can wait here until yours have dried off”.

To my surprise Natalie replied “we can hang out here and dry off our clothes, that way it will give me a chance to get to know you cos I speak to you everyday and I know nothing about you”. That's fine by me” I replied. Then to add even more to my excitement she said “can we use your shower whilst our clothes dry”.... “yeah sure course you can” I replied.

I went upstairs and got some clothes that they could wear then when I came back downstairs I gave Sarah a T-shirt and some joggers and she went off for a shower, I gave Natalie the same and she stripped off and put the new clothes on and gave me her clothes so I could put them up to dry she then went and collected Sarah's clothes and gave me them....i couldnt believe my luck not only had I witnessed two girls so desperate to pee that were nearly wetting themselves I now had two girls I barely knew stripping off and giving me their pee drenched knickers, I was in heaven. I hung the clothes up over the fire and after they had both showered we sat and watched TV and got to know each other over a nice cup of tea. 3 hours later they put their own clothes back on and left and we arranged to meet up and hang out again.

So there is an account of the best day of my life and it just goes to show that omorashi is more than just a fetish its a way of making friends :pHey guys I had an amazing experience last week and I thought I would share it with you lot. I never really saw any real life wetting whilst at school and since I left at 16 I have only seen a couple of wetting accidents, that was the case until last week when my fantasies came true, it certainly made for a great Easter present !

Anyway here's the deal -

First of all I'll introduce the people so you know. There's Me (obviously, btw im Matty) a girl called Natalie who I have known for a couple of years (not well, she lives up the road from me and we speak if we see each other but no more than that) and her friend who I met for the first time who is called Sarah, and as a added note we are all 20.

It started when I was on the way home from college, I go to college in the city and I live in a small town on the outskirts. I usually get the train home as I live round the corner from the train station making it convenient, plus its faster than the bus. As I entered the train station someone said “hi Matty”, I turned round and there was Natalie stood at the ticket machine with a girl who I assumed to be her friend. I said “Hi” back and gave a cheery wave then continued walking through the ticket barrier. I flashed my pass at the operative and went down the steps, under the subway and arrived at my platform. I looked at the timetable and my train was due in 15 mins. I leant against the railings and began the waiting game.

A couple of minutes later Nat and her friend came and sat on the bench opposite where I was stood. This was advantageous to me because both Natalie and her friend were gorgeous and both looked super fine. Natalie has long blonde hair and was wearing a tight red shirt and light blue jeans. Her friend, Brunette, was wearing a white t-shirt, which was slightly see through to her pink bra and a short denim mini skirt which when she sat down I could see straight up to her matching pink knickers, coupled with that the skirt showed off her long sexy legs. Natalie saw me looking at her and flashed me a smile. After about 5 mins Nat looked up at the board then turned to her friend and said “I'm just going to the toilet, back in a minute”. She stood up and walked off and I couldn't help watching her sexy ass wiggling as she walked along.

She came back, not 30 seconds later and sat down. She turned to her friend and said “they were locked, ill just have to wait” to which her friend said “oh, I was going to go after you but never mind we will have to wait till we get home (the train we were getting doesn't have toilets as it is only a short journey). This comment set off my selective hearing and I studied both of them, but neither of them showed any signs of being desperate. 10 minutes passed and the train arrived and we went and stood by the doors.

As we were stood there I noticed Natalie had her legs crossed which made me think she may need to pee more than I thought. We got on the train and I sat in a table seat opposite to where they were sitting. The train usually takes about 25 mins as it has to stop halfway to allow an express train through. For the first 10 mins of the journey I was watching them but neither of them showed any signs of needing to pee, however the friend was sat sideways with her feet up on the seat giving me a clear view of her sexy pink knickers so at least I had something to look at ;).

We came to the stopping point and after a couple of minutes of being stationery Natalie said “oh come on I wish this damn Express would hurry up I need a wee” and upon saying this she crossed her legs. Her friend then said “me too, I wish we could have gone at the station”. After 5 mins the train started moving again and we set off, I was keeping a close eye on the two girls cos I thought at least I might see some real life desperation, little did I know I was in for much more than that.

I had noticed that Natalie had her hand in her crotch and her friend had taken to bobbing her legs up and down. I suddenly had a thought that made me feel quite happy, my local town is only small and the train station consists of two platforms and a shelter, there are no toilets, obviously they both knew this fact but it meant that they wouldn’t be able to relieve themselves when they got off the train meaning I would get the chance to watch them for a bit. We went under the motorway and this meant that we would be arriving in about 5 mins. I watched her Natalie's friend boobing her legs up and down and my mind started racing, all I could imagine whilst looking up her skirt at her pink knickers was just behind them there was a torrent of pee trying to escape and I just kept having visions of a wet spot suddenly appearing as she lost control, but then she didn’t seem that desperate so that wasn't going to happen.

The driver came over the tannoy and announced that we were arriving at the next station, at this they both stood up and headed towards the doors, I stood up and followed, as I was stood behind them at the door I could see Natalie was bending slightly at the knee, for most people this is unimportant but to a desperation fan like myself this means they are getting desperate, her friend was also had her legs crossed. We stopped at the station and as we were waiting for the doors to open Natalie suddenly said “oh come on, why is it when you have to pee really bad everything takes forever”.

This confirmed that she was desperate and only heightened my excitement. The doors eventually opened and we got off, we set off walking up the stairs to get to the street level. Once we were at street level they set off walking down the road and I followed a few paces behind. We got about halfway down the street when suddenly Natalie stopped and bent forward. Her friend asked if she was alright and she replied “im fine, I just really need a pee” upon hearing this her friend crossed her legs and jammed her hand into her crotch “me too, I thought I was going to wet myself on the train, come on were nearly at yours then we can go to the toilet”. They carried on walking and every few steps Natalie stopped and did her bending forward routine. I was just walking along behind enjoying every minute of it.

We turned off the main street onto our street which is a long steep hill ending in a dead end, I live about a quarter of the way up and Natalie lives almost at the top. We were walking up the hill when Natalie stopped and bent over with a look of despair on her face. “oh no I've just lost a bit, im never going to make it all the way to mine”, “you've got to try” replied her friend “you cant pee yourself that would be awful, I would suggest you squat and just let it all go but there's nowhere private to do so...i know cos ive been considering the same thing”. Because they had stopped walking I had caught up with them and walked past them. As I was walking away from them I heard her friend say “Just ask, if ya know him it should be alright”. 

Suddenly Natalie shouted “Matty”, I turned round and walked back to them” at this point she was sat on the railings and had her hand jammed into her crotch and her friend was bobbing up and down at the knees. She smiled at me and said “can I ask a big big favour Matty”. “I looked at her and said “sure go for it”. She looked straight into my eyes and said “i know I dont know you past being a neighbour but I was just wondering if me and my friend could come into your house and use your loo....i know its a cheeky request but were both dying for a pee and I dont think we can make it all the way up to mine”.

“Course you can” I replied “but you only live up the road”...i was playing like I didnt know they were desperate and plus I wanted to hear them say it....”i know I only live up the road but we've both needed to pee since we saw you at the train station earlier and since then its just got worse and worse....we are both nearly wetting ourselves and look ive already lost a bit”, She pointed to the front of her jeans and there was a wet patch which when I saw it I nearly flipped and fantasies suddenly started filling my head....i came to my senses and said “come on then” and we set off towards my house. Every few steps Natalie stopped and kept doing her bent over hand stuck in crotch move, each time she did this felt a spasm in my cock....luckily I was wearing a long coat which hid my bulge.

We reached my front door and I had to get my keys out of my bag as that's where I keep them. I made a play of pretending I couldn’t find them and the reaction on their faces was priceless. I opened the main door to my house and entered the lobby. Whilst I was unlocking the door she said “thank you so much Matty, I owe you big time for this”, I opened the door walked in and entered the living room. “i told her where the bathroom was and she shot off up the corridor and up the stairs”. As she shot off her friend shouted after her “Be quick Nat im busting for a pee” and crossed her legs and began bobbing again. I suddenly realised the situation I was in, I was stood in my living room with a total stranger who was on the verge of wetting herself...i couldn't believe my luck. I took my coat and bag off and put them away then came back into the living room.

She was just stood there with her skirt lifted up and her hand on her pussy sucking air through her teeth like women do when they are desperate. I realised I didn't know her name so I said “ as you've heard from Natalie my names Matty and your name is,” “Sarah” she replied and held her hand out and shook mine, this was obviously a mistake as she suddenly snapped it back to her crotch. “oooh hurry up Natalie she said and began pacing up and down. “are you alright” I asked her. “i will be if Natalie would hurry up, Ive never had to pee so bad in my life...im going to have an accident in a minute.

I then realised that id taken my coat off and my erection was no longer hidden so I excused myself and “rearranged myself” so that it was not visible. “what the hell is she doing” she exclaimed im absolutely dying here and she's hogging the bathroom all to herself”. About 20 seconds later she suddenly shouted “OH NO” and looked at me with a look of despair on her face. “whats up” I asked and she lifted up her skirt and there was a small wet patch on the front of her panties, “its coming out she said, Can you go and tell her to hurry up”. I went up the corridor and knocked on the bathroom door,

“are you ok in there”

“im fine ta”

“well sarah said can you hurry up cos she's gonna wet herself”

“ok I wont be a minute”

I went back to the living room and Sarah looked up at me and said “im so sorry”.... “why whats up” I said” she looked down and I followed her line of sight and saw small streams of urine running down her legs. “is she nearly done, I couldn't stop myself, it just came out and its gone all over your carpet”, “dont worry about it” I said “it happens”.... “it shouldn't happen to me, Im 20 years old and here I am wetting myself like a little girl and ive peed on your floor”.... “its fine” I replied. “it wont be fine in a minute, if she doesn't hurry up and get out of the bathroom im going to explode and everything will be soaked” she said and I could her the desperation in her voice.

Just then we heard the toilet flush and a great look of relief of spread across her face “yes yes come on come on youre almost there, you can hold it, youre not going to wee yourself like a schoolgirl” she muttered under her breath whilst conducting the best pee pee dance I have ever seen. “whats she doing, she better not be washing her hands, im on the verge of weeing all over the place and she's making herself all pretty, I cant believe it”. About 10 seconds later Natalie appeared at the door at Sara went racing past her and I heard the bathroom door slam. Natalie looked at me and said “i kinda had an accident”. She then walked into full view and her jeans had a huge wet patch down the front”... “what happened I asked, “i got into the bathroom and I just lost control and I hurried to get my jeans down but they ended up getting wet along with my panties. That's why I was so long cos I accidentally peed on the floor so I had to clean up”.

5 mins later Sarah came back down and when she saw Natalie’s Jeans she said “haha you too” she then turned around and had a huge round patch on the back of her skirt and lifted it up to reveal her knickers were completely soaked. “you were taking so long in there I just couldn't hold it”. They both kept apologizing and I told them not to worry that these things happen. Then Natalie suddenly realised the situation and said “how are we going to get to mine looking like this”. Despite my overwhelming excitement of the situation I obviously felt sorry for them so I asked if they were In a rush. They said that they werent so I said “if you want I can either lend you some clothes to wear then you bring them back later or you can wait here until yours have dried off”.

To my surprise Natalie replied “we can hang out here and dry off our clothes, that way it will give me a chance to get to know you cos I speak to you everyday and I know nothing about you”. That's fine by me” I replied. Then to add even more to my excitement she said “can we use your shower whilst our clothes dry”.... “yeah sure course you can” I replied.

I went upstairs and got some clothes that they could wear then when I came back downstairs I gave Sarah a T-shirt and some joggers and she went off for a shower, I gave Natalie the same and she stripped off and put the new clothes on and gave me her clothes so I could put them up to dry she then went and collected Sarah's clothes and gave me them....i couldnt believe my luck not only had I witnessed two girls so desperate to pee that were nearly wetting themselves I now had two girls I barely knew stripping off and giving me their pee drenched knickers, I was in heaven. I hung the clothes up over the fire and after they had both showered we sat and watched TV and got to know each other over a nice cup of tea. 3 hours later they put their own clothes back on and left and we arranged to meet up and hang out again.

So there is an account of the best day of my life and it just goes to show that omorashi is more than just a fetish its a way of making friends !

*002*2012-04-06 19:01

I dont think so....on the outside i was very nonchalant, like yeah your wetitng yourself, oh dear....on the inside i was screaming YES YES YES YES YES someone somewhere must love me :D....ive hung out with her twice since it happened and she aint commented so i think my secret is still a secret.

*007*2012-04-07 08:56

{{ 

Amazing experience! I would have definitely tried to ring out their wet clothes over me though haha. So which girl did you like more?

}}

In that one moment i would have to say Sarah but overall i like Natalie more.

{{ 

Everyones' king for a day. I salute you sir, you must be protected by powerful magic.

}}

Haha i think i must be...im not a religious guy but that day was the day i thought there has to be a God ^_^

*013*2012-04-09 13:15

{{ 

Awesome story MrDesp - been in a few situations like that myself !

Hope to hear more from you and your friends again soon - btw, are you English? Speak soon sweetie xxx

}}

You've got to love it when it happens :D and i am English xx

