Idea for a New Video: Want Your Input

Author: Gregg

*000*2013-03-01 00:18

It's been a long time since I've offered up any new content here. My interest tends to wane during the colder months...

Anyway, I've got a new idea for a video I'd like to make, and I want you guys' input. I've actually been kicking this idea around in my head for quite a while, but only recently gotten up enough motivation to potentially go through with it.

The idea is to film a desperation chronicle. I would have the camera in a fixed position, and film myself for a brief period every 15 minutes as I start to get desperate, and eventually (hopefully) lose control.

I'd start the video having just peed and being at a 0 on the desperation scale, and then I'd drink a glass of water and perform one or more various "challenges."

Then I'd turn off the camera, and come back 15 minutes later to drink another glass of water, and perform the same or different challenges.

I'd repeat this cycle until I lose control or just can't stand it anymore.

The idea is to show my progression from totally fine to bursting in a compressed amount of time, so you don't have to watch me squirm for an hour (although some people might enjoy that).

I'm hoping that by keeping the camera in a fixed position and performing the same or similar challenges each time, you can get an enhanced sense of how my desperation is starting to affect me.

Does that sound like something any of you would want to see? And more importantly, what are some challenges you'd like to see done on camera?

Here are a few ideas to get you started, although feel free to repeat any of these so I know which ones are keepers.

Stand perfectly still, arms at sides for a fixed period (30 seconds or so).

Perform a task that requires dexterity like building a small house of cards, or threading a needle.

Lift a heavy weight a certain number of times (I'm thinking 5 or so).

Change pants/clothes.

Put pressure on my bladder for a fixed period (either with my hands, or by cinching up a belt or similar method).

Pee into a small container just enough to fill it up, but force yourself to stop before it overflows (there was a Bound2Burst mentioned recently where a girl did this).

What do you guys think?

