Wetting jeans for the first time

Author: Kittykatpeeing

*000*2015-03-25 15:27

###

The other day for the first time I decided that I was going to wet my jeans. Now I am still living with dear old mommy and my sister, but this day was a perfect. My sister had spent the night at her boyfriends house and didn't plan on coming home till maybe a day or two later. My mom was on a business trip for two days. It was perfect! As soon as my mom left I went straight to work. I grabbed a large littler of soda and started drinking it. Not all at once but gradually over time. I was watching Markiplier and just tried not to think about peeing. About an hour in I felt the need to pee. I have a rather small bladder so when I need to pee, it's because I NEED to pee. I ignored it, though it was hard since I planed on wetting old jeans that were far to tight on me. Well maybe thirty minutes pass before I feel a strong urge. I brought my hands down in between my thick thighs and gasped. I was thinking about quitting. I didn't though.

About another five minutes in I felt a drop soak up my pink panties. I felt like crying from the need, it was so wonderful. I took in a deep breath knowing that I should head to the bathroom and just wait. Though when I got up from my comfy bed I felt a small leak. It took me about two seconds to stop. I looked down and saw a tiny wet patch on my crotch. With my hand holding myself tightly I waddle into the bathroom and step into the shower, not even a second later the flood gates open and I can't stop it. I felt my hot piss run down my thick thighs and the curves of my legs. It felt so good! The jeans were drenched in urin by the time I was done. I couldn't help but just have a little fun while in there Though that's for another time!!

