Wet Adventures in the Park

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2013-07-13 22:23

Taking advantage of the beautiful weather we’ve been having in England recently, my housemate and I were at a park by our house, sunbathing and reading. I was wearing a bikini that consisted of a pink bandeau top and stripy, pink and white bottoms with denim shorts over the top. As it grew even warmer however, I soon wriggled out of my shorts and lay there in just my bikini, and my housemate did the same.

After a bit my housemate told me she needed to pop home because she had a grocery delivery coming, but she’d be back later. I was trying to work on my tan and was very engaged in my book, so I decided to stay at the park alone and wait for her.

Soon after she’d left, I became aware of a growing need to pee. I ignored it for the time being. Our house was literally only five minutes away but the heat was making me lazy. So I continued to read my book, taking little notice of the growing pressure in my bladder.

If you ever read books lying down, you’ll be aware that if you don’t change positions regularly, your arms start to ache. Along with this, I was turning over frequently so that I could tan both sides of my body. So I turned over onto my front- and suddenly, with the ground pressing against my bladder, I realised how desperate to pee I really was. I pressed my legs together and shifted my hips a little, still reluctant to pack up all our things and head home just to come straight back again.

What else could I do? I looked around me. The park I was in gets very busy with students during term-time, but in the middle of July it was very quiet. There were a few people on picnic tables and a group playing with a Frisbee, but none of them were close enough to be able to see me particularly clearly. I wasn’t far from the road, but far enough that passers-by wouldn’t see anything amiss if they happened to glance in my direction.

I scooted to the edge of my blanket so that my bum was on the grass and leaned my arms back onto it to lessen the weirdness of the fact that I was sitting next to my blanket rather than on it. Then, with blades of grass tickling my bare skin, I tried to release my bladder into my bikini bottoms.

It was easier said than done. I was so psychologically used to peeing only when I was positioned over a toilet (or very drunk!) that my kegel muscles clenched and burned and wouldn’t do as I wanted. I managed to let a little trickle out, but that was all. Sighing, I shuffled back onto my towel and returned to the magic realism of Jeanette Winterson.

Just a few minutes later however, I was needing to change position every ten seconds or so, unable to get comfy. Even Jeanette wasn’t working as much of a distraction any more as I couldn’t really concentrate on my book. I resumed my position at the edge of my blanket and tried again.

This time, the effect was instantaneous. A long spurt of pee quickly shot out of me, forming a small pool on the top of my closed, bare thighs, before trickling between and being absorbed into the grass. This was soon followed by a whole river of pee which created a warm pool around my crotch and trickled back down between my bum cheeks. I even dared open my legs a little and watch the hot liquid- almost clear from the amount of water I’d been drinking spurt through the thin material of my bikini bottoms.

After finishing, I looked around again. Nobody was playing the slightest bit of attention to me. The couple at one picnic table were deeply absorbed in one another, the other watching their two children like a TV show. The group of lads were still playing with their Frisbee. On the road there was a constant stream of traffic, but none of the drivers were close enough to see me.

I stretched back out onto my back, opening my legs and directing my crotch towards the sunlight in the hope of drying my bikini before my housemate returned, while admiring the warm, wet after-effects of my little ‘accident.’

