School Desperation (No Wetting)

Author: DefinitelyNotA

*000*2015-09-29 21:53

Didn't plan this one, just thought i'd try to see if i could hold from the moment i walk out the door at 6:30 to when i get home at 4:30, drinking the same as i always do

So, i got up, got dressed, ate a bowl of cereal and drank a glass of juice, then hurried out the door. I did do my morning pee though, so i'm starting at empty.

Just some background: My day is typically very busy, and in those 10 hours i usually use the bathroom twice, rarely more. I've also never tried holding throughout the whole day, so this is a first and didn't know what to expect.

From 6:30-9:00 : Almost nothing, no need at all, very typical start to the day.

From 9:00-10:30 : First feelings of need, wouldn't bother to use the bathroom at this time, by 10:30 I was feeling about half full, still no biggie.

From 10:30 - 12:00 : around 11:30 is when i definitely would have gone to the bathroom, and i'm starting to feel desperate, doesn't really affect my posture to much, and i can easily distract myself with the class. this is when I began to worry if i would make it to the end. Also, by this time i've finished my large water bottle. As i said, drinking normally.

Noon: Lunch time, chicken sandwich and glass of water, need to cross my legs, but i'm not fidgeting yet. Possible regret sinking in, but i can't back down now.

3:00 School's out (I stayed after an extra hour, as i do every day), it's rather difficult to walk and i'm definitely bulging now. I get in the car and sit down, being in my car offers a sense of relief that i won't wet in public, almost relax too much and wet in the car. That would have been bad. When i felt the pee start to flow i clenched hard and regained control, started on the drive to my second to last destination, the grocery store.

3:15 I arrive at the grocery store, still bursting, and do a kind of mix penguin shuffle and sprint through the isles to buy everything i need as quick as possible. I was super afraid of wetting here, especially so close to the end. After i dashed through the self checkout and ran out the door, I once again survived the trip to the car. Here on out i was safe(4:15), since my last stop was my house.

4:15-4:30 : I lose, kinda. I had to focus on the road, even just for 15 minutes and i let a couple drops escape, not even a wet spot on my shorts, but i couldn't keep it all in while driving.

4:30 : I run into the house, no regard for my bladder, as i knew if could just sprint to the bathroom i'd be safe. And so i ran, ran like never before, no not fast, just absolutely ridiculously. with one hand on my crotch and the other opening doors i leak continuously as i run. By the time i make it to the bathroom, my pants have an obvious wet spot, but i haven't lost it.

So i won, kinda, and lost, kinda. But i still made it to the toilet after a 10 hour hold drinking normally, which i've never done before. Hope you guys enjoyed my play by play day. I know that I did. :)

*003*2015-10-03 19:20

{{ 

Holding it all day at school - or attempting to do so - is not all that uncommon, but usually it's for less than 8 hours. Those who are pee-shy, afraid of germs or are avoiding bullying try not to use the rest rooms. A few hold their pee for the pleasure of it or as a macho accomplishment.

You did well to hold it for the 10 hours.

}}

Thanks, I'll have better planning if/when i decide to do it again.

{{ 

Good job! :) very brave that you still went to the grocery store, I'm impressed.

}}

Well, i may have been bursting, but i did make a promise to myself, and besides, I can't go without food lol :)

