Traffic Jam

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-07-22 21:44

This morning I had to drive to a city an hour and a half out for a conference and I offered to car pool some of my team so I was taking three other co-workers, Whitney, Joe and Kathy. Whitney is in her early thirties with dark brown hair she had swept up in a ballerina bun with professional makeup dusting her fair cheeks. Whitney was a tiny woman, maybe 5'1 with small breasts. 

She had on a navy blue suit with a white top underneath with white pumps. Whitney was in the back seat with Joe and Kathy was in the front seat with me. Kathy was mid-forties and never really liked me much, so I was surprised she popped right into the front seat. She has frizzy red hair and was wearing a black skirt, black thick glasses, and a black cardigan with black nylons. Her top underneath was pale yellow and she was wearing black flat shoes. Kathy is maybe 5'4 and on the heavier set side. I quickly figured out she was in the front seat so she could dictate every move I made driving, which was extremely annoying.

Anyway, the weather has been awful so we hit traffic thirty minutes into the trip. Kathy could not shut up about how we were going to be late and I just kept turning up the radio trying to get her to hush her mouth. We were in stand still traffic for about twenty minutes when the traffic let up and we were able to continue on at a regular pace. I noticed Kathy had grown rather quiet and wasn't directing our trip anymore, but she was urging me to hurry. I had Whitney call the head of the department to tell them we were delayed by the bad weather. I know he wasn't thrilled but there wasn't much we could do.

When we passed an exit for a rest-stop I noticed Kathy turning around and watching it fade, which made me realize her crossed legs probably meant she needed to pee. I looked at the cup holder and noticed she had an empty extra large cup of coffee. When I glanced back at the back seat Whitney and Joe also had large cups of coffee, which I couldn't tell if they were drained or not, but Whitney had kicked off her high heels and was sitting on one of her heels, which all desperation lovers know is an easy way for a woman to hold in her pee when she's bursting.

We hit traffic again, this time due to what I believe was a car accident. We were now already almost thirty minutes late for the conference and were at a complete standstill. I took this time to survey the people around me and notice Kathy was changing positions often and Whitney was looking paler than usual. I think Joe had to pee too because he wasn't saying much but I don't really notice male desperation. I was grateful I didn't start my day with a giant cup of coffee and only had a shot of espresso. I myself could use a bathroom break, although it wasn't urgent enough I couldn't wait until the conference. I wasn't thrilled we were running late though, since I know the conference was being held up a bit and we all probably wouldn't have a chance to hunt down a bathroom and use it.

Whitney called the head again and he told us he was going to go ahead and start the conference but we had to be there very soon or else we would have to take it again since part of the conference was a mandatory meeting which taught us how to use software that we needed to learn. By now we were back on the road but still had another twenty minutes or so before we got there, while speeding. When were about to pass an exit Kathy asked me if we could stop and have a bathroom break. Whitney looked elated and while I would have loved to stop for her since she was very sweet and obviously very desperate, we were running rather late.

I was mulling over my answer when Joe said "No, we're going to get our asses reamed. I have to pee too but we're adults, put a cork in it Kath." He didn't like Kathy either, obviously, although I did feel badly for Whitney. Since I didn't care for Kathy I really didn't mind if she suffered. Neither of the women protested Joe putting his foot down and I continued to drive.

We were about ten minutes from the conference center when Whitney shouted "Please pull over, I need to pee!" There was nowhere for me to pull off exit wise, and when I told her so Kathy suggested I just stop off on the shoulder. It was a busy day on the highway so Whitney said no, she could wait. By now she had shifted so she had both legs crossed and a hand between her legs from the underside. We continued on for maybe three minutes before Whitney shouted "I can't wait, please, I'll go on the shoulder!" I stopped the car when I was able and both Kathy and Whitney jumped out. Joe rolled his eyes and decided to not water the plants, especially since we were on a highway with multiple cars driving by. I opted to not take a bathroom break either, but I didn't make any moves to look like I wasn't watching these ladies relieve themselves.

Kathy tore her nylons and underwear down and was peeing right next to the passenger door, her pee forming a puddle that fell underneath the car, still on the pavement of the road. Whitney had walked up slightly to be in the grass and had pulled down her pants and red underwear that had a very noticeable wet patch on the crotch. She peed into the grass and covered her hands with her face, her cute white butt visible to anyone driving by. I couldn't see how pig her puddle was but she was crouched down for at least thirty seconds, which is more than I thought a slight girl of Whitney's stature could hold. Several cars honked at the ladies relieving themselves but both returned to the car, Whitney blushing a bright shade of red. When we got to the conference center I looked at the back of Whitney's navy blue trousers and could see a very small wet spot, maybe the size of a quarter. I probably wouldn't have noticed had I not been looking.

*002*2013-07-23 00:08

{{ 

Thank you for sharing this story, I really enjoyed it. I would have loved to have been driving by while this was happening.

}}

It's never bad to get caught in traffic sometimes...you'll see lovely ladies leaping out of their cars to water the grass. There's the worst highway traffic into the big city around here so every once in awhile I'll catch girls relieving themselves behind car doors or in the woods (where there are woods.)

