Wetting my pyjamas, and showering in them

Author: Barry

*000*2017-04-18 22:01

Yesterday I wore my flannel pyjamas, and having a couple of hours free time in the morning, I put a pair of briefs on under them, and folded a thick wash cloth up, and stuffed that into my briefs. I was also wearing thick white socks.

I made my morning coffee, and went outside, sitting on a couple of folded towels on the outdoor chair. I didn't have my morning pee though, as I obviously had other plans!

Logging on here, I read some stories and answered some messages, while drinking my coffee, and feeling how the cold pre-dawn air was quickly accelerating my desperation.

With the thick cloth inside my underpants, it really felt like I was wearing thick cloth training pants, like I did as a child. Also, pyjamas are fairly new to me. I wore them as a kid, but swapped to boxers many years ago. Last winter, I bought a cheap pair of pyjamas, my first for over 30 years, and I loved them, but they didn't last long. I was given my current pair as a gift last week.

So I started really slipping into "little mode." Here I was, wearing my trainers and pyjamas, with my thick fluffy socks, and I needed to pee, but I didn't want to stop "playing" and go to the potty.

I started relaxing my bladder, slowly counting how long it would take before I leaked. It didn't take long, and after 6 seconds, I felt the first squirt shoot out.

After doing this a few times, I eventually gave in. Admittedly, my urgency wasn't quite at the desperation stage yet, and I could've held it, but I didn't want to. I just let go, and fully emptied my bladder into my pants.

The wash cloth, thick pyjamas and towels contained it all, and not a single drop fell to the ground. I stayed there for over half an hour, and my crotch and butt were really soaked.

When I got up, my briefs were sagging down with the weight of the sodden wash cloth, and I waddled to the bathroom, with my wet pyjamas sticking tightly to my inner thighs.

I felt really little and very naughty, and the wash cloth was all bunched up, like a stuffer inside my pants.

My pyjamas are alternating vertical stripes of various sizes, mostly navy blue and white, and although my pants were saturated, it really wasn't very visible when I looked at my reflection in the mirror. I had to pull my pants really tightly across to actually see how wet they were.

I enjoyed rubbing and squeezing them for a while, then took them off for a shower. But after getting naked, I had a sudden inspiration, and put just my pants back on, but without my "trainers" this time.

I got into the shower, and let the hot water thoroughly soak them. They started sagging down, and with my back to the spray, I'd occasionally get a hot rivulet running down my butt and legs, just like a leaking diaper.

I left them on, and washed myself thoroughly..........

Altogether, one of the nicest showers I've had for a while.

And I really like my new pyjamas!

