First public wetting

Author: maxpee

*000*2014-09-23 13:34

My first public wetting was 5 years ago, when I was 17 years old.

In the summer of 2009, on the last day of the holidays, I was invited to a birthday party of a friend of mine. I didn't really know her that well at that moment, I had only met her once and I only knew one other girl at the party, my best friend Charlotte.

The party was at her house. It was really warm that day and we all sat in the garden to chat and have some drinks. At that time in my life, I didn't really drink that much. So when I had about 2 glasses of wine, I already felt really cheerfull and amused. I also felt a small urge to pee, but I didn't know where the toilets were. So I decided to hold it for a while. I drank more glasses of wine and I was getting a little drunk.

After a while, Charlotte had to leave. She had to go to her volleyball practice, but she said she would return to the party afterwards. So I was left alone at a house filled with strangers, tipsy and desperate to pee. I looked around to see if I could find the birthdaygirl to finally ask where the toilets were. I saw her standing in a circle full of people a bit further away. I was too embaressed to ask her with all thoses people around her. I was quite a shy girl at that age.

I decided to hold it a little more and started chatting with the girl sitting next to me. But I was getting really desperate, I was squirming in my seat and almost constantly moving my legs. About half an hour later, I couldn't stand it anymore. The alcohol was bouncing through my brains and I knew that if I didn't get to the toilets soon, I would pee my pants in front of 20 teenagers I had never met before. That's the point where I decided to go home. I stood up from my chair, and quickly walked to the birthdaygirl. I was scared I would pee my pants if I waited too long to say goodbye. I got away pretty fast and rushed to my bike. I still had to cycle about 15 minutes before I got home.

I was only cycling for 30 seconds, when I decided to release the pressure from my bladder and let out a little spurt. I didn't really mind, I was tipsy, it was getting dark, and I was wearing a black short. No one would notice anything. Throughout the bikeride I let out a few more spurts. My crotch was getting really wet and I totally enjoyed the feeling. The aching of my bladder didn't really go away though. I stopped at an empty parking lot and let out a bigger spurt while I pressed my hand against my crotch. I could now feel my upper legs getting wet. Even though I really liked what I was doing, I didn't want to have a full accident in my pants, since I knew my parents were home. Then I decided to head home without any more leaks.

When I got home, I rushed to the toilet and peed out the rest. It was so great to finally have the full release I was waiting for for hours. My short and panties had gotten really wet, but because of the black colour, it wasn't really visible. Still a little drunk, I just went to the living room and dropped myself into the couch with my wet pants still on and my parents next to me. They never noticed anything ... :)

