I never thought it would happen to me! (#1 + #2)

Author: jj2jjj

*000*2013-02-03 17:25

Just a quick warning, messing is involved.

So I recently spent a week in Scotland exploring the highlands and it's cities. On my last day I was climbing the volcano known as 'Arthur's seat' (I think?) in Edinburgh. As I was about to climb I realised I had to *go* but I wasn't going to turn back now so I started the climb. I did worry about the possibility of an accident but I had held before and I thought it wouldn't be an issue.. wrong call... after a while I forgot all about my needs. I met a hella' ton of Scottish, American, Candian and Foreign students while climbing. Mostly tourists. It was very nice to have some people to share the climb with..

Anyway, after I finally got to the peak (What an amazing view!) I realised my needs were returning but I decided to just carry on as normal. This was the point where my bottles of water of the day and my full English breakfasts from the past two were catching up with me :( I am seriously into omorashi and PP (NO scat though) but a situation like this was just plain scary to me. Me and my new 'friends' decided to begin the climb down and this is where my situation got rather desperate. I had parked quite a way down the street at the bottom of the mountain so that was a scary prospect....

So my situation worsened, I am absolutely busting to pee and go number 2 at this point. I finally reach the bottom and wanted to break up my short-term relationship with the other tourists but I was really enjoying getting to know them and running off now would be a bit embarrassing + unfortunate. We all start walking back to the car park and at this point I know that I find somewhere NOW or it's my pants. I had never been this desperate in my life, I had even leaked a little pee.

I knew for a fact I wasn't going to make it to the car so I fake a phonecall and tell my tourist friends I'm meeting another friend and depart.

I consider my options, my pants not included, and decide for the forest area across the street. I run across the street, up the grassy hill and stairs. As I'm doing so I pass a couple and trip over. At this point I laugh it off, get up, walk a few metres and completely start soaking my pants. I try to run further intro the forested area but by the time I'm there I've peed completely. Jeans... ruined :'(

I still have the matter of number 2 to deal with which as I learnt was just as serious as number 1. I decide a little further and I'll squat without a care of who sees. All dignity is gone at this point. Anyway, I got another wave of pain as I've been experiencing since the ordeal began but this is the 'poop wave' in every accident story where you have to freeze, you can't move a muscle and you certainly can't undo your pants or you're just going to go..

I pooped :(

Right there and then it just started coming out. It was literally the biggest poop I have ever had. I didn't push whatsoever. It filled my pants to the absolute brim :( No squatting for me...

Biggest relief of my life though. While all that agony was for nothing at least I got a story out of it? Haha. At this point I'm not embarrassed but I know I will be if anybody sees. I carry on walking through the forested area as it lines the entire street. I get to the end and the car park is right in front. I just completely sprint out to my car and get in. I was definitely seen but at this point who cares? xD

Anyway, I had another wave of required poop on my drive back to the hotel so I just let go.

While this story was absolutely horrifying to experience looking back I'm quite enjoying it :P

After reading so many other stories I never thought this would happen to me but it did, in Scotland. I guess I left my mark on the place xD

Thanks for reading

