Anecdotes of my wife - After the party

Author: gus74

*000*2013-04-02 04:07

This happened a Saturday’s night a month after her "close call". My wife and I went to a family reunion (a fifteen birthday) and came back home past midnight. In the party we have the usual drinks (no alcohol except the champagne for the toast) and in the 4 hours that it lasted I haven't seen my wife go to the bathroom once, but I figured out that she had gone when I wasn't looking, especially when we arrived home and she didn’t run to the bathroom as usual. Instead, we put our daughter to bed (she was already sleeping) and then went to do a few pending things before going to bed: I checked something on the computer, and she went to put some clothes into the washer.

Everything normal, except that a minute later I heard her calling me from the laundry room (a closed balcony next to the kitchen) "Gus, take this box off the floor!!" I didn’t understand what she meant and ask her "what?" from the computer and she replies "hurry, I don't want to get it wet!" I went there and saw her bent over, cross-legged and grabbing the washer with both hands. Then I understood: she hadn't gone to the bathroom all night (then she told me that she felt the urge when we were leaving the party, but told herself she'll go when we get home, and then forgot about it!) and suddenly the urge hit her and was overwhelming... and the sound of the water filling the washer wasn't helping either!!. She asked me to move away a cardboard box that was in the floor, because she was afraid of losing it if she moved!

A quick note about her clothes. She was wearing a long thick grey skirt (below her knees) and grey thick leggings (it was winter at the time). Also she had a pair of small socks to be more comfortable with the boots, which she had already removed.

Let’s move on with the story. I leaned and moved the box while she was squirming right in front of me, and also moved some things that where in her way and told her "come on, go!" pointing through the kitchen and to the bathroom (at the other end of the apartment). She said "I can't make it" but then replied "ok", turned around and took a few quick small steps with her legs closed. In the middle of the kitchen she stopped and said "OH!" pressing her legs together and holding to the fridge, and I saw a jet of pee splashing on the floor beside her feet. She regained control for a second or two, but then lost it again and a torrent of pee cascaded from between her legs, cascading against one leg and forming a rapidly expanding puddle at her feet.

I forget to tell you something. When I went to the washing room and saw what was happening, I quickly returned to the computer and took the digital camera :-), so here you can find some snapshots of the moment:

Gus

