Experiences from the past

Author: PWG

*000*2012-10-09 08:44

So, I've been on-and-offing here, reading experiences and such....I thought back to my younger experiences...figured I'd ramble some of them off.

Way back when (well, maybe not THAT way back...but still), when I first discovered that omorashi was something I was into......I remember that I enjoyed wetting myself, but always wondered if there were OTHER people into wetting as well.

Well, I met this girl (we can call her Torri) back in the summer of grade school that we sort of "clicked" with each other and ended up hanging around each other a lot after school. Eventually curiosity got the best of me and sort of brought up the whole omo thing. (Which at the time I called "accidents") She didn't seemed weirded out, and was actually curious about the whole thing herself. I remember the first time she wet herself. She was wearing a one-piece skirt/dress. She walked into the bathroom, and a little bit later came out, with a big smile on her face. I asked her if she did it, and she sat crossed legged/indian style in front of me, letting her little skirt ride up and showing me a view of her wet purple panties. We went home that day without saying much more, but my heart was racing. I found someone else who liked wetting themselves.

The "accident" didn't change anything between us. We hung out still, and played all the time. Eventually, I found out that she liked to hold herself till the last minute. I think this was about the time I sort of developed my first crush on a girl. She had quite a few "accidents" between the time we hung around (normally little wet patches on her bottom, sometimes a small patch on her front). And eventually, I witnessed one that I think finally sparked sexual interest entirely in omorashi.

Before the days of skinny jeans, she owned a pair that was pretty much that: skinny jeans with zippers on the backs of the calves. We were playing that day and she became increasingly more and more desperate. I asked her to hold it as long as she could, and she smiled and nodded her head. But then, it finally happened: she started to leak. And a small wet patch the size of a tennis ball was on her front. She tried to keep playing, but she finally gave in and her dam burst. Her jeans became soaked almost instantly, giant cascades gushing down her legs and into her socks and shoes. It seemed like forever but in reality it was probably like 10-20 seconds. 

She almost soaked her entire jeans, with maybe 3-4 inches of dryness on her outside of her legs. She looked up and sort of laughed, and we kept playing. She never did get in trouble for doing any of this, which was strange to me, but I didn't question it. We kept hanging out till the end of summer, and we rarely saw each other during school. Never did tell her about my crush....

Might post more.

*002*2012-10-12 02:27

^ Will do. I'm an awful writer, but I will try.

