Indian Bus Desperation with Girlfriend

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-01-23 15:18

Hi everyone, today I'll be recounting an experience that happened just under a month back, with me and my girlfriend, Shruthi.

To the people that opted for the club story, don't worry, it'll be up within a week max :P

Anyway, this incident happened while travelling from Madurai to Mangalore. I, along with my cousin and my girlfriend, had booked a bus to Madurai.

My girlfriend, Shruthi, was joining me for a trip to Mangalore, her hometown. My cousin, Priya, joined us for the bus ride in order to meet her boyfriend who also lived in Mangalore.

For those who are reading these posts for the first time, Shruthi, my girlfriend looks quite a bit like this, skinny but with an attractively large butt.

MY cousin Priya on the other hand, is a cute girl, very religious and decent, 6 years older than me; and with her dark features, looks a lot like this south Indian model:

The bus that we were scheduled to catch, was supposed to arrive around 9:00 in the evening. I went with Shruthi and Priya and we were all at the bus stop by 8:30. After waiting for over an hour with absolutely no sign of the bus, Shruthi suggested we have dinner. We scoured the vicinity, but couldn't find anything other than a dilapidated biriyani shop, almost exactly like the one below,

Against our common sense, we walked into the restaurant and ate, each having a plate of biriyani and a coke. Within half an hour, we heard a bus pulling up and sprinted out of the restaurant, quickly paying the bill and boarding the bus. Referring to our tickets,we found our berths, loaded in our luggage and settled in. As there were three of us, Shruthi and opted to share a double berth in the back, the interior of which looked like:

Priya was given a single berth on the other side of the bus. The central aisle looked like:

Anyway, we settled into our berths, lay down, shut the curtains and relaxed. As I was with Shruthi, I had no idea what my cousin was up to, and, as such, I can only narrate what I witnessed.

Shruthi cuddled up next to me and began to grind softly on my groin. I held her and gently kissed her neck. We continued to lightly make out for about another 10 - 15 minutes. Rolling over, she sat on top of my crotch and began to softly gyrate, her inner thighs massaging the growing phallus between my legs. We continued this for another 20 or so minutes as things begun to get very hot and heavy. It was at this point unfortunately, that I began to feel strange. Mild nausea beset me, but, sexual excitement far grater, I payed little heed to it and carried on, moving my hand into Shruthi's pants, gently stroking the wetness between her legs.

Shruthi moaned softly, her back arching gently, as she gently squeezed my groin. It was around this point that my phone began to buzz, vibrating softly, but I payed it no heed, immersed in pleasure. Gently I turned Shruthi around, getting her in a crouched position on all fours. I gently moved behind her, and unfurled her skin tight jeans, and the sticky panties beneath to about her knees. Her rear, from ass crack to knees, was now right in front of me. Lowering my head, I moved in and began to softly lick. It was then that it hit me:

A wave of desperation, for the unpleasant kind, hit me like a brick wall. I sat bold upright, pressing my jean clad ass into the heel of my foot. Shruthi turned around, and asked me if everything was okay.

I assured her that all was fine, dodging her doubtful glance and, waiting for the urge to subside, went back down on her crouched figure, licking her puss softly, my tongue's connection confirmed by her gentle moan. At this point my phone rung again, I dismissed it, and continued to lick.

Gasping breathlessly, Shruthi moaned,

"Pull down your pants babe, at least till your thighs."

Obeying her request, I tugged my jeans down and continued to lick. Her hand slipped back around her legs, and began to squeeze and rub my throbbing parcel. In response, I raised my hand, and rubbed her, ever so slightly, in the regions nether to my tongue, that it couldn't access. At this point another wave of desperation struck me, far stronger than the last. I attempted, with all my might, to control my sphincter and barely won the battle. My lips still on Shruthi's pussy, her hand on my cock, and the sound of her passionate moaning fills my ears. Again, my phone rings, I dismiss it.

All of a sudden, Shruthi's moan morphs into a sentence,

"Hold on, wait, just a minute..."

Passion overcoming logic, I continued to lick, my tongue ever increasing in velocity.

"Seriously, just stop, just one minute..", she moaned out, a bit louder and more seriously.

Suddenly, pushing me back, Shruthi moving my face out of the way, sat on her foot that lay behind her, even as I stared at her suspiciously. Whispering a soothing sorry in her ear from the back, I reached around in front of her, and moved my hand down to the diminishing dampness cradled by her thighs. At this moment, my cousin flung open the curtain, clutching her stomach, causing Shruthi and I both the panic, stumbling on our half down clothes, frantically yanking them up.

"Wow...", was all she said, upon seeing both of our asses, with a disgusted look on her face. She turned to me and said,

"Oy! I need to talk to you"

Pulling my pants up, I deftly hopped out of the berth and into the aisle,standing right next to Priya. She leaned in and in an embarrassed tone, began to speak softly:

"Thambi, the food was bad...", she almost moaned.

"What?" I retorted, "How would you know?"

"I threw up twice Thambi", she tearfully said, "I tried to call you but you didn't pick up."

I panicked, remembering the wave of nausea.

"I'm really sorry to hear about that. Are you okay?", I asked cautiously.

She shook her head sadly, in an embarrassed manner,

"Thambi, I need the bus to stop. Please, it's an emergency..."

Understanding fully her situation, I walked to the front of the bus where I asked the driver to pull over. He gave a derisive snort and told me that we were already 30 minutes behind schedule, but that I needn't worry, there was a rest stop in 5 minutes.

I returned to a hobbling Priya, told her the news and asked her to wait. She nodded reluctantly and sat down.

I flung open the curtains of my berth and got in, telling Shruthi the news that the food was bad.

"How do you know?", she asked.

Sparing details of Priya's current urge, I told her of the puking. I confessed that I too was feeling sick and so would just visit the bathroom at he next stop. She nodded and said okay.

When the bus pulled into the rest stop, which looked a lot like this

Priya and I jumped out of the berths and bean to beeline for the bus exit, when I noticed Shruthi's absence. I went to her and asked,

"Aren't you getting off?"

"For what,"she said.

"Well, the food was bad, don't you need to, you know...", I trailed off.

"No babe, don't worry, I feel fine."

My own need too urgent to worry about her's, I sprinted out of the bus where I was met by a frantic Priya.

"Thambi, there's no available bathrooms anywhere!! Only one is there and the queue is about 8 people....", a loud fart cut through the air. Priya gasped and one hand shot to her backside, gripping it tightly.

"Forget the bathroom," she gasped, "Follow me."

She sprinted toward a small dark gully between two shacks. Midway however, she gasped and stood perfectly still, legs crossed tightly.

I inquired as to what was wrong but was met by nothing more than a fearful panting.

A split second later she was running towards the gully, hand clutching her ass, and shouting,

"Thambi, please stand guard"

I followed her up to the gully, and stood at the enterence.

"Oy! Not there," she shrieked, on the verge of tears, legs twirled around each other and dancing slightly.

"Come over here," she beckoned to the ground near her, "Otherwise someone might come from the other side," she quickly added.

I stood there and faced the other way, trying my hardest to suppress my own urges, as Priya deftly pulled down her jeans and squatted, taking support from the shack behind her, as her pressurized urine stream hit the sand below, muddying it. Other sounds followed, resulting in awful smells and moans of relief, from her side alone that is; my need was worse than ever.

About 2 minutes in, I inquired;

"Priya, are you almost done? The bus will leave soon and I still need to go....badly", I quipped.

She said in a strained voice,

"Sorry Thambi, but I'm not doing so well, it'll be a bit longer..", a splattering sound of Priya's diarrhea on the sand below filled the air,"A lot longer...", she added remorsefully, tinged crimson with embarrassment. I tried as hard as I could, to hold back the dam, but 2 minutes longer and I nearly lost it completely.

"Priya", I said urgently;

"Yes", she sniffed,

"I really can't hold it, I'm sorry, I'm going." Before I even finished the sentence I had begun to walk away, out of the gully, when suddenly the dam broke. Loud farts cut through the air as my bowels began to evacuate. Having no other option, I frantically yanked down my jeans and squatted, liquid poop streaming out of my ass and piss involuntarily spurting out of my cock far too loudly, less than 6 feet away from my cousin, facing her fully.

I covered my face and looked the other way as did she. I couldn't help but notice however her brown pussy lips, peeking out from under the bundled fabric of her jeans, as she relieved herself. Within 3 minutes I finished, wiped and rose, heading back to the bus, Priya right behind me.

We got back onto the bus and returned to our berths. I wished Priya a good night and she went into her berth and slept.

I climbed back into my berth and Shruthi came to me sympathetically, asking if I was okay. I told her that I felt much better now, and began to gently kiss her. She responded to the motion and kissed me softly, before wishing me good night.

I lay down on my side and dozed off.

Around 3:00 in the morning, Shruthi woke me up, shaking me frantically. I jumped up startled, and looked around wildly, then noticing a familiar smell looked questionably at Shruthi who immediately broke down into tears.

"Oh Shit.", I said, and hugged her, "Um.. Is everything okay?",I asked, if only for namesake.

"No,"she sobbed, shaking her head, "The food was bad, really really bad," she broke down into another set of tears.

"I'm so nauseous I can barely sit up, and I....", she trailed off,"I need to use the bathroom."

"Shh", I said, not wanting her to embarrass herself further,"I understand". I got out of the berth and went to the front, asking the driver to pull over. Unfortunately, he shook his head and muttered "...Behind schedule".

I went back to the berth where Shruthi sat awkwardly, looking truly awful and conveyed the bad news to her. She sobbed gently. I sat opposite her, patting her gently and consoling her for another 30 minutes when suddenly she gagged. Her eyes widened as her cheeks filled and she vomited on the bed, quite a bit ending up in my lap. She sobbed, apologizing, and stammered, "B-B-Bathroom, NOW!!!", with tearful urgency.

Helping her to the front of the bus, I conveyed the news of what had happened to the bus driver. Looking at her, he agreed to pull over. Suddenly though, a loud wet crackle filled the air, as something else filled Shruthi's jeans. She held her ass tightly but to no avail. The dam had burst.

The moment the bus came to a standstill, Shruthi lept off, and, moving just a tiny bit to the side, just out of the driver's view, she peeled off her jeans, emptied her yellow panty's contents, and squatted; the sound of her piss stream and the semi-solid splatter of diarrhea on the pavement reaching my ears. She asked me for paper but I had none left, so we had to borrow from my sister. My sister wasn't in the slightest bit shocked to hear about what happened;

"The food was bad", she said.

Once Shruthi had emptied her panty and her bowels completely, she hobbled awkwardly back onto the bus, a tear rolling down her cheek.

As our berth was ruined, we were all forced to share a single berth with Priya, who graciously gave Shruthi a spare pair of small purple panties that she was carrying. Shruthi, pants and panty fully soiled, was forced to sleep, tightly pressed up to both of us wearing nothing more than a T-shirt and purple panties.

Please leave comments and suggestions

*003*2015-03-10 03:05

To Tanin:

{{ 

Great story!

I'm a little surprised that she travelled without any luggage, was she returning home?

What colour of jeans was she wearing? Was her accident clearly visible on them? Did she change herself into spare underwear close to you? How big and visible was the stain on her underwear? What did she do with them later, did she throw them away in the morning? How did she handle with changing into fresh underwear, while she should be still dirty after puting soiled panties and jeans back on her after stop? What did she do when you arrive, she put her soiled jeans on or did she borrow also jeans from your cousin? What was the reaction of the driver when she pooped her underwear, did he noticed that?

And, once again, great story!

}}

We actually did have luggage as we were travelling to mangalore.

She was wearing light blue denim jeans at that time.

Sadly, I never got to see her panties, as she discarded them outside the bus. She then called me and asked for a spare.Even when I gave them to her though I didnt get to see her change as she asked me to go back inside. Even though her jeans were quite spoiled though, she wore them back inside the bus, and took them off only once in the berth with us. The jeans were then placed in a plastic bag in the luggage suitcase.

Please Reply :)

