Trying Something New - A Short Experience

Author: KimbaStarshine

*000*2014-08-20 22:19

I went to the pool today, and seeing it was mostly empty, decided to try something I'd thought about but never actually did. After spending some time in the water, I sat down on the grassy area by the concession stand to eat some potato chips I brought with me. Meanwhile, I peed in my black swimsuit bottoms, figuring that it wouldn't be too noticeable seeing as they were already wet. I can't say it was anything too enjoyable, perhaps it would have been if my bladder had been fuller and I had a better stream instead of a few spurts. I think clothed wetting isn't really my thing though, I prefer diapers and taking trips down to the weeds in my backyard. It was rather weird walking back to the pool with drops - which I don't think was water - running down my legs though.

*003*2014-08-21 00:59

{{ 

Very nice. Nothing wrong with trying new things. Sometimes you like them, sometimes not so much.

I'm with you about not really enjoying wetting unless I'm full. I'm mainly into holding and desperation. Just peeing doesn't do much for me, even in my pants, unless it's when I'm really bursting to go.

}}

I don't have to be super-full to enjoy it - in fact if I'm that full I'm just concerned about getting to the bathroom, not being kinky - but I do find nice gushes a little better than dribbling.

*005*2014-08-21 13:33

I've tried wetting my pants a couple times before this, but yeah, it's not really something I enjoy on a regular basis. The clean-up is another turn-off.

