Male wetting in the dorms!

Author: james07s

*000*2011-07-31 22:16

It's been a while since I've been able to post a story so I've got a few since last time :D.

It's summer, and I've been living in the dorms at school so there haven't been as many people around. So last night, I made sure to have to pee really bad before I went to bed, and woke up in the middle of the night having to go super bad, so I just laid on my stomach and relaxed and let it all out. There was a a gigantic wet spot on my light blue sheets afterwards :D. The coolest part was, though, I bought pajamas that are dark colored with black/dark gray squares all over it a few days ago, and it turns out you can't tell if you've peed yourself. So I went out of my room, brushed my teeth, and talked to some friends in the hallway with my soaked pajamas on and no one knew, which was pretty hot!

A few weeks ago, I was coming back from visiting friends in the evening and decided to take a shower before getting ready for bed. So I got my pajamas and stuff and headed to the dorm's bathroom. I had to pee pretty bad and was feeling a little aroused and wanted to do something. There was no one else in the bathroom, so as I was walking from the door to the showers, I just started peeing in my shorts as I was walking! It poured out and there were wet footprints leading to the showers, which I thought was really cool :). My shorts made it really obvious I'd peed myself, so I jumped in the shower with them on to wash them out before going to bed!

That's all I have to say for now, but I'd love to hear if anyone else has had fun recently too!!

*003*2011-08-15 05:40

I did enjoy it :), and am gonna do some more wet stuff in a day or two and may post about it if enough people want!

*007*2011-08-18 02:08

{{ 

Yeah, something about the risk of getting caught... good story, anyway!

}}

I've never been caught, but if I do get caught I'd just say I was out drinking a lot the night before.

