Wet myself while gaming (And nearly got caught!)

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2015-10-01 21:08

Hey everyone, it's me again!

I had another accident last night and I was nearly caught again. It was a series of incredibly erotic events! Luckily my ability to think on my toes in these situations saved my ass again.

So I've been playing SOMA. Its a horror game made by the same people who made Amnesia, so if you don't know of it I just told you everything you need to know.

I've been almost home alone since yesterday morning. What I mean by that is, my mother is gone on a trip for work and my brother is also gone away staying at a friends until Sunday, so until then it's just me and Dad. I was taking advantage of this fact. Dad can't cook so we've been living off pre-made store-bought food like subs and the chicken I just ate, as well as coca cola (Bad for me, I know). Now, I've been getting really into this game. Its really scary and really immersive. And I'm easily scared. I'm sure you can see the direction this is going. I was playing last night and had been drinking lots of coca cola. The caffeine really got to me, and I filled up rather quick. I don't know HOW quick, because time flies when I'm gaming. I was barely paying attention until I noticed I had to cross my legs and rock a little to be remotely comfortable. It was undeniable at this point, I really, REALLY had to pee.

I was wearing tight light blue jeans, complete with a belt with a cute butterfly buckle, and black and white striped panties. My top was...somewhere. I dunno. I'm the type that after she gets home to relax, layers start coming off in no real specific order. I was still wearing my bra, a nice black one I like, but thinking back I'm surprised I didn't discard that too in favor of just one of my big T-shirts for the sake of comfort. Too eager to immediately get into the game I guess. I didn't even remember to eat. I rarely do, and when I do hardly enough to get any damn nutrients, thus my being a stick. This forgetfulness will come into play.

So anyway, I was playing SOMA and I really had to pee. Crossing my legs, rocking, no grabbing though, as my hands were occupied with the game (I'm playing this on a dualshock 3 I have connected to my PC. The mouse and keyboard business lately has been making my wrist sore so I'm changing it up!). But I've got a bit of a complex where I don't pause to do something unless I've just hit a checkpoint. If I'm in the middle of an objective I don't stop until I've completed it, no matter how urgent other matters might be. The objective in this case, was to go downstairs and reset the network connection so I could run some sort of simulation to get a code from a virtual dude. Of course I get down there and there's a monster I didn't predict. Some gross mass of flesh with legs. Anyway, the point is I didn't know he was in there. And I get really immersed and really frightened.

I walked into the room and felt something was off. It was dark and the music and accompanying atmosphere had gotten heavy. To reiterate, I get a little too immersed. Just being here put a pit in my stomach and a cold sweat on my brow. I snuck around, not really expecting anything to be there. I was quite literally on the edge of my seat, stiff as a statue, legs crossed with a bursting bladder. Just had to hit the button on the other side of the room and I could run off.

But then I rounded a corner and saw it. It wasn't looking at me, but it was really close and I could see how very grotesque it was. I couldn't even move my character, I froze. My breathing went heavy and my eyes wide as I sat there, frozen and shaking. And my crotch going damp. Wait what?

I slammed the pause button and shoved my hand between my legs. I was suddenly acutely aware that in being frozen in terror, I had peed in my underwear a little bit. A quick check showed a small patch between my legs. I cursed myself for letting myself be so caught off guard and vowed to run to the bathroom.

As soon as I hit that fucking button, of course.

I unpaused and backed off a bit, composing myself, waiting for the enemy to go away. As soon as I had the chance I slipped across the room. Finally, the network reset button! I flipped the switch. But I had to wait a moment so I could hit it again as confirmation? God dammit.

Of COURSE, the button pushing action would be noisy enough to attract the flesh bag to said computer. I heard it coming so I tried to back up behind one of the server things. But something was blocking my character. Shit. I panicked and turned around to see a chair on the ground. blocking my path. And I turned BACK around, and creepy moaning flesh dude was STARING RIGHT AT ME.

So goddammit, I turned around, jumped over the chair and ran. Sprinted through the weaves of the mazelike room, and out. There was a room outside of it to the left I knew I could shut the door to. My plan was to run in, turn around, slam the door, and figure out a hiding spot in there before he got in. Of course my plan had a fatal flaw.

I was completely unaware that this limping, groaning bag of whatthefuck, could sprint like Usain Bolt like you were leading him around in a race car with a gold medal tied to the back, when you alerted him to your presence. He was sprinting and on my heels the whole way, when I assumed I had a few seconds of respite I really didn't have.

I ran into my safety room and spun around to slam the door. And it was right there. Sprinting about 5 feet away from me screeching. It slammed into me and the screen went black. Of course during this short timeframe, I SCREAMED. I screamed and I dropped the controller, my hands shooting up to my face. The next thing I knew when I came to my senses, I was wetting myself from sheer terror. My ass was suddenly very warm, and as I was still on the edge of my seat, it was pitter pattering onto the floor.

I stood up as fast as I could, crossed my legs, reached my hands down and held on for dear life. I regained control and assessed the damage. The back of my thighs and my ass were...very wet indeed. My pants and underwear were quite obviously saturated beyond saving so I'd have to change. The moment I stood up though my bladder dropped like a rock and I suddenly noticed that it was quite visible. Being a stick of a person, when my bladder gets big I can tell pretty well just by looking at my belly. I had severely leaked, yes, but I still had a ton left in me. So bathroom time it was!

Those of you who have read my last experience already know my bathroom is just a little down the hall from my bedroom, on the 2nd floor. So I shuffled to the door and turned the knob to open it...Just as my dad was coming in. He didn't know I was on the other side, obviously, and my door, like most bedroom doors, opens inward. The doorknob was swiftly driven...directly into my bladder.

I hid 85% of my body behind the door and peeked around and looked at my dad, asking what he wanted. The door wasn't wide open obviously, it was just wide enough that he could probably slip through if he turned sideways. While I was asking this I was trembling horribly. That impact to my bladder had knocked my control out of the park. I felt myself slowly start leaking, gradually getting heavier. My crotch was getting warm. The warmth started spreading. I could feel my pants getting wet in the back, and some starting to seep through to the front. I was not in a position where I could start dancing around or suddenly whip one of my hands out of dads view, as I was holding onto the door and leaning around from behind it. He could see from my head to my shoulders I imagine.

He told me I had forgotten to eat and that he had re-heated my food. I stammered, shaking, legs wobbling as I lost further control. I tried so hard to clench my muscles down and press my legs tighter together, but my control was heavily wavering, to the point it was rapidly switching between extremes. One second I had full control, the next I'd hear the hissing for a second and hope he wasn't hearing it. I was basically peeing my pants now, the wetness traveling much further than my ass given that I was no longer sitting down. It started soaking my legs, leaving trails, two big ones down the back of either leg and smaller ones branching off. I told him I'd be down in a minute to eat. I let out a small audible gasp as my inner thighs became overly saturated and I could feel urine trickling along my bare feet and ankles.

He asked me if I was alright, saying he saw I was shaking. He moved in the door more, pushing the knob further into my bladder. There went any control I had left and the hissing in my jeans became loud and constant. Pee was pouring out of me, and I could feel it traveling all over the front and back of my legs. I groaned loudly as he did this and he raised an eyebrow, and he tried to come in, yet again pushing the knob into my bladder even harder. It was like a hose at this point, it had gone from a stream into a jet, and I was wetting myself so hard the crotch and thighs of my jeans just couldn't hold this volume at this speed and it started heavily dripping onto the floor, pattering into the now growing puddle around me. He was about to come in and look at me in full and I started to panic.

I suddenly realized that the pee hitting the floor and the loud hissing coming from my now drenched crotch was pretty loud, almost deafening to my in my paranoia and I quickly raised the volume of my voice and used my daughter powers to cover everything.

"DAD!! I'm shaking because I'm cold! I'm not dressed, I'm trying to change in here!!" and gave the door a shove. I can pretty much guarantee you, you will never see a male back off faster in your life. Daughter powers. Every daddy's girl has them, and they work 100% of the time, and we all know how to use them like its primal instinct. Don't test us. Not applicable to mothers.

I'm sure the story may seem drawn out while reading but do remember this was a short exchange that lasted like 20 seconds, maybe less. I heard a muffled "Alright, see you downstairs" and him walking off. I turned around and rested my back against the door. I unbuckled my cute little butterfly belt, undid my button and unzipped my jeans to give my aching bladder some relief. I was drenched anyway, so I figured I'd enjoy the moment and just stood there and finished wetting my pants. It felt absolutely wonderful now that the panic was gone. The warmth, the hissing, the general relief...these are sensations I'm sure 98% of you know so I don't really need to describe that. But it was amazing. And very much a turn on. I sat in my puddle for a bit and just recouped, before sitting back in my chair which also had a tiny puddle in it from earlier, and tabbed over to my browser to look up some...similar material to my situation, and yeah that other stuff.

When I was finished I stripped off and took a shower, put on some jammies, cleaned up my messes with a towel, and I threw all that stuff into my laundry pile (which I did today while Dad was at work) and went down to grab my dinner and kick it back in the living room to watch some netflix with Dad for a bit. Nice bonding time, also partially testing how aware he was. Completely clueless, just as I suspected.

As always, I hope you enjoyed! Please leave feedback and any thoughts, and I will of course answer any questions :) I love you guys!

Read my previous experience here!~: https://omorashi.org/topic/27824-wet-myself-outside-of-the-bathroom/

*002*2015-10-01 21:51

{{:

Your experiences and the way you write about them are outstanding. If Rachel doesn't hurry up and finish writing up her much anticipated experience from ages ago I might have a new favourite :p

}}

I'm so happy. Don't make me cry now ;u;

*009*2015-10-02 05:59

{{:

That was a spectacular story!

I was just wondering, what would you have done if your dad had entered and saw the whole thing go down?

}}

Define "whole thing", because I could have various excuses depending LOL

*011*2015-10-02 06:19

Well as I was standing behind the door, I'd hopefully be able to just shove him, yelling what I yelled, out before he got that close. If he got a glimpse of me I'd insert the fact that I spilled a glass of water into my lap at the computer and that's why I was changing into my yelling. Hopefully this would be enough.

*013*2015-10-02 06:30

It wasn't carpeted and it WAS loud. Which is why I spoke real loud so quickly when I realized. Like I said, the exchange in reality wasn't that long xD

*019*2015-10-02 15:49

{{:

That was an amazing read! Thank you so much I love your writing style! Dads are always clueless aren't they?

}}

Indeed they are. I'm guilty of milking this way more than I should sometimes x3

{{:

Told you SOMA was good. Worth the price from what I've seen.

}}

SOMA is amazing. Sometimes its the first thing I do in the morning.

{{:

Really well written - well done for your quick thinking, but even more well done for your commitment to the game! Holding's always better when there's a barely achievable target to work towards, no?

}}

Go hard or go home right? :3

*022*2015-10-03 02:31

Indeed ^.^

*024*2015-10-03 15:06

{{:

I hope we can see something just as epic as this again in the near future.

}}

I'll certainly see about it ^^

