She held as long as she could

Author: Cool bro

*000*2014-01-02 11:53

So this is a story about my ex-girlfriend. She is about 5'3" with dyed black hair and blue eyes she has a thin figure size C boobs and a nice rounded butt. Her name was Maddie and she was a funny character. She always had to be in somewhat control of everything she did especially bathroom habits. During our relationship I told her about my interests and at the time she seemed to think it was disgusting and would go to great lengths to avoid ever being in that situation thinking I would make her do it which I absolutely never would, but she never wanted me to see her having to go bad which made it even more intriguing when she did have to go which was kind of ironic. Anyway let me give you a small intro to this story by recounting 2 times I've seen her desperate, and then I think I'll finally give you guys the best part at the end :).

First Desperate Account

Now as you guys have just read my ex girlfriend loved to try her hardest never to show me she had to pee. And one day she decided to sleep next to me in my bed. She peed around 9 the night before and we went to bed. We woke up around 9 am and I figured like most normal people she'd go and use the bathroom and then we would go do something. Instead she claims she's hungry so we went out for a breakfast. At breakfast she looked really fidgety but I didn't make much of it seeming as she never lets herself get that way around me so we sat at breakfast from 9:30 am to around 10:30 and started to head back. Now from where we were to my room it's about a 10 minute walk.

And I decided to try to tickle her and have some fun which got an instant reaction and she glared at me and yelled at me not to do that. I've never gotten this reaction from her so I was a bit confused. We get to my building and I start to take out my key when she crosses her legs and asks if I could hurry up. I started to catch on here. So I slowly opened the door and we went inside to my room. I figured she'd go to the bathroom but no. She was wearing dark blue jeans white panties and a black t shirt. She brought out her laptop sat on my bed and started playing games. After about a half an hour she started to rock back and forth and looked like she was distressed. I asked her "are you okay" to which she replied "Yea I'm fine" and then i proceeded to poke her side but again she glared and got mad. I knew she had to pee badly at this point but if I said something about it she'd leave and I didn't want that.

So after another hour she decided to get up and check her phone. For her this was a bad mistake. Gravity took over and as soon as she hopped down from my bed she crossed her legs. Then uncrossed them and crossed to the other side. Then she started turning her legs inward very quickly and dancing on the spot then bent forward and said "SHIT!" and looked at me and said "She'd be right back" and hurriedly exited the room, and I decided to go outside for a drink. She half ran and hobbled down the hall and the water fountain is right outside the girls bathroom so lucky me right? All I heard was a stall dorm slam and lock and in another instant I heard a torrent of pee into the toilet. She peed for around 2 minutes. I went back to my room and just kinda gloated in my own head that I saw her desperate, but didn't tell her til much later.

Desperate account 2

Since the time I saw her desperate me and her talked a lot about my interest and she began to become more comfortable with the idea. Because I never forced her into any situation and I always made sure she made it to the bathroom no matter what so she began to be a lot more comfortable. She said she wanted to try and hold it in until she peed herself for me. I was very thrilled with this idea and said I would try to make her as happy as possible. We woke up that day and she drank about 3 bottles of water and 1 bottle of ice tea. She was wearing gray panties and blue green pajama pants and a black t shirt. Around an hour and a half after that she started having to pee. She began to walk around and crossed her legs quite often and told me how bad she had to go.

But she ended up freaking out about it and running to the bathroom to which she met no resistance from me. I didn't try to stop her I just let her go. And after that we didn't talk much about it. Until later when we were pretty much about to break up I told her it didn't bother me that she didn't do it, it bothered me that she lied to me and told me she was 100% willing and comfortable and could do it no problem. I told her I felt lied to and hurt. And that was the end of it we ended up breaking up for many many reasons but I figured that would be the end of it all.

The Desperate Accident 100% Real

Around a month later Maddie told me she wanted to try to hold her pee in until it came out of her uncontrollably for me. Over that month she was trying to make up for everything she lied to me about and apparently this was included. I told her fine all I'm going to do is try and make her comfortable about it but I don't want to know when or where it's going to happen so it seems more real to me. The next week we go out to breakfast with friends and I notice she drank an abnormally large amount of tea but didn't say anything. A half hour later we get back and I get a text saying "Hey whats up come to my room?" I ignored it because I wanted to shower and I did and came back to these new texts "Hey I really want to see you. I think I need some comforting. Get over here before it gets urgent!"

So I walk to her room and she's sitting on her laptop rocking back and forth and looked at me and said "If you were even 5 more minute I would've went to the bathroom already" and laughed about it. Now I figured she'd chicken out again but she seemed to willing to fight it off until the very end I figured I'd let her try. She was wearing light blue jeans, light blue panties, white socks, and a blue and black tank top. She looked damn good. She got up and started crossing her legs while we casually talked and she was just walking around. She started crossing her legs more frequently and it wasn't a very interesting first half hour.

The next half hour she kept dancing around like she was starting to have to pee and bad! She kept dancing from foot to food bending her legs inward and at some points she started grabbing at her crotch which I've never seen her do. She looked like she started having trouble walking and had to sit down frequently. She looked at me and asked "any requests?" I looked at her and said "only one. No sitting" So she got up with a half worried expression and crossed her legs hard. She stayed practically in the same spot for the next 15 minutes and started holding herself with one hand as she stood there talking to me. Then she tried walking around the room but had to stop so she shoved both hands in her crotch and started walking around. She went back into her cross legged position and kept her hand in her crotch that i could see looked like it was putting quite the pressure on it.

All of a sudden she bent forward with a gasp and I asked her what happened she said " My bladder just spazzed". I started to get really excited at this point because she was really pushing herself. The next 10 minutes went by no problem with her bending forward every 3-4 minutes. After that it started to get much more frequent and she couldn't move around much and stopped talking to me much. She kept breathing heavily and her hand was beginning to shake in her crotch from the pressure she had on it. She kept bending forward and gasping and then she half squeaked. I asked "You ok?" and she said "No little bits keep coming out but I'm trying my best to stop it!" She didn't have a wet spot on her jeans but I knew she didn't have much longer. She bent forward again and said "Ok this is getting extremely bad I don't think i can move" She crossed her legs tighter and tried putting a lot of pressure on her crotch.

She looked up at me and then bent forward very harshly. She then looked at me and said half moaning because she could barely talk it almost sounded like whincing but not painful but then she said " I don't think I can keep this up much longer" I asked her if she peed already and she said "No but it has come out a bit quite frequently and – " She stopped short bending over again and looked up and said " and I don't think i'll be able to stop it soon" and she bent over again and increased the pressure in her crotch. She switched hands and was closing her eyes and had to stay half bent forward. She was trying her absolute hardest.

Then she bent forward again more than the other times and then again and finally she just stayed doubled over and loudly said "ARE you kidding me? I stopped it twice already why won't it stop?" And i saw her jeans start to get slowly wet and then like a dam burst they were soaked in seconds and it was dripping off her jeans onto the floor and she didn't stop fighting she kept her legs crossed and hand in her crotch and eventually was able to hold the rest after about 10 seconds of full force peeing. She then looked at me and said "Ugh I stopped it twice and then it just started coming out there was nothing I could do as if it was just teasing me making me think I could still hold it" She then went to take a shower after cleaning up her mess. She came back in nothing but a towel and proceeded to tell me " I can't believe how much was still in me I must've peed for another 3 minutes" and I was just amazed it was the best real thing I've ever seen.

For those of you who are kinky ;)

She came back in a towel and she took the towel off of her revealing nothing but a green lace bra and a green lace thong. We started to make out a lot and I threw her down on the bed I was horny as all hell. I put my hand on her vag and it felt so swollen. Like we had just had wild crazy sex, but then again we were about to ;). I took off her bra and underwear and all my clothes were off I was hard as a rock. We had sex for about 30 minutes and it was the best it ever felt. I got so close when she said "Oh my god I'm about to cum" and moaned so I thrusted harder and faster and we both started to cum and she started moaning loudly (AND SHE NEVER MOANS).

I must've finished coming but i was still kinda hard inside her and she was still coming! she must've came for about a minute straight before it finally died down. They we layed next to each other and kept kissing and she whispered in my ear "I'm still really horny" so i slowly took my hand and caressed her body until I was down at her clitoris and I started rubbing very slowly and teased her so much she was incredibly wet. I then started to rub it a little faster and her response was immediate and she told me she wants more. Eventually I started giving her exactly what she wanted and she came again in about 30 seconds. This one was even longer than the first and she was spazzing around moving all over and moaning loudly. She said it was the best orgasm she's ever had and I couldn't believe how long it lasted!

Well that's the conclusion of my story. Let me know how you guys like it! And for those of you out there who are curious no I never got back with her and this was the last time we ever had sex. But we remained friends since and I am very happy to have at least one good memory of her. The best one I have.

Let me know what you think!

*005*2014-01-02 21:45

Coined brag I agree with you I really shouldn't have blamed her and at first I didn't try to blame her at all. It was mostly blind anger because of how many times she told me shed do something and never did. She told me I'd havee a great birthday and wanted to break up with me on that day we had a bunch of other fights. And I will admit I became very insensitive and harsh towards her and I agree I made very stupid decisions. But we forgave each other for all of it and we are both a lot happier now and I've learned a lot from it

