Waking Up Wet

Author: gobphus

*000*2015-01-31 11:59

On December 23, 2014, I went to bed undiapered, wearing only black briefs, white t-shirt, and plaid pajamas. About 2 AM I woke up lying on my back with the most marvelous feeling of hot wetness all over my crotch. I soon realized that I'd wet in my sleep, something I've done once or twice a year since I began wearing diapers night and day for fun several years ago. I must have just finished wetting because my crotch was still so hot. I wasn't upset about wetting, but I did reach under my bottom to see whether the bed was wet. It wasn't, probably because I was lying on my back with my penis pointed up towards my tummy. I felt excited to have wet in my sleep again but not aroused. As a child and into young adulthood I had woken up wet many times and always felt ashamed. Not anymore. Now waking up wet occasionally is a fun surprise.

I wanted to document the experience, so I got out of bed, grabbed my iPhone, and went into the bathroom. I sat down on the blue tile floor and took a picture of my wet crotch (attached). I needed to pee, so I sat on the toilet with my pajamas and briefs still on. I set my camera app to video mode and started recording. I relaxed and soon felt my briefs fill with hot urine. How naughty! How nice! As I wet, I felt my bottom getting wet and heard my pee trickling into the toilet. I quit recording after 18 seconds. https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B8Mw3i6q3RfPcFZOcDVIWURybXdITGQtaW03RlpCT2hkbVkw/edit?usp=docslist_api

I wish I had thought to stand in the shower to wet, since then I could have enjoyed the feel of hot pee streaming down both legs. Maybe next time.

*003*2015-02-10 19:28

{{ 

Great story! And so hot too! Sounds like you had fun! Love the photo too!

}}

Thanks, Jaz. I'm glad you liked both the story and the pic. Waking up wet and recording the experience afterwards was definitely fun for me, and knowing that you found it hot makes it even more fun in retrospect.

*006*2015-02-14 14:44

{{ 

Love it, thanks for sharing, I love bedwetting, and undiapered, you should know better you naughty boy :)

}}

Rach, I'm delighted that you loved my story and that, after all your struggles with an OAB, you can still say, "I love bedwetting." I usually wear a diaper at night just so that I can enjoy wetting it on purpose, while awake. Sometimes I go without protection, since I'm not really incontinent anymore, and that's when accidents can happen. I may wet in my sleep while diapered, but I've never woken up afterwards and realized that I've wet.

How about you, Rach? Do you ever wear diapers to bed? Do you wet them before going to sleep or wake up to wet them? Do you ever wet in your sleep anymore? How much longer will that Botox injection prevent your OAB? Are you concerned that frequent use of diapers will lead you back to more frequent bedwetting?

{{ 

Great story and lovely pic :)

}}

Thanks, Gemmy. I'm glad that you liked the story. The experience was amazing. I wet so infrequently in my sleep now that when it happens it's a delightful surprise. Thank goodness I don't feel ashamed of wetting anymore. I am a little surprised that I typically don't feel aroused when I wake up wetting or wet, since basically wetting is very exciting to me. Perhaps arousal takes a while to build up. A friend of mine has told me that she is usually not aroused when she first wakes up in a wet bed, but that she becomes aroused as she lies in her wetness and thinks about it. Maybe I need to stay in bed and enjoy what I've done, rather than jumping up to take pictures.

That pic reminds me of the one that got U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner in trouble a few years ago, except that his undies were grey and dry.

