Sweet 16 Desperation

Author: pt133

*000*2016-02-16 16:16

I was a shy kid, but so was this Indian girl. She was cute but didn't have a great deal of friends, and I was lucky enough to be invited to her Sweet 16. Did I mention she's Indian? Yeah, she has her Sweet 16 at some Indian restaurant, a high class one. I had never been to a Sweet 16, nor and Indian Restaurant. Adding that I cannot dance, I was nervous. I decide to be fancy and wear my suit. My friend and I (a black kid) arrive and greet the Indian girl. We go out to this lovely courtyard with our Filipino friend. She is the main focus of this fond desperation memory, so I'll describe her best I can. Big green beautiful eyes, pretty dark skin. She was no more than 5'2", and skinny as skinny gets. Normally, I don't care for skinny girls, but she has a nice ass and was way too cute to not be attracted too. She wore a short dress, dark grey that puffs out at thr bottom.

She also has long legs for a short girl, so pretty good view for all to see. She had short brown hair with yellow highlights if you want to add to the mental image. Anyway so we're in the courtyard, looking at the nice scenery. She says "I gotta pee", being her dramatic self. I was on alert. A few times she mentions "I might just go here [in the courtyard]" and "I wish I was a guy so I could just pee anywhere." She decided she wanted to take a picture of me. Why? I don't know. 

For instagram apparently (it was never posted...). She sqauts down to take a picture, and all I see is panties. Tan panties from the look of it. I felt bad and wanted to look away, but the phone was right above her crotch so I guess I had too. I was nearly sweating at this point. So then we walk to a pretty seculded area and she says "I'm going to pee right here". I had to pee aswell, but all of that feeling was suppressed by another feeling. Literally a second letter the Sweet 16 Indian chick calls us in. I could see the look on my friend's face. She had to pee. Score 1 for me. So we sit at the friends' table, and it turns out this table includes the only white/non indian kids here. My crush is there in a black dress, short as can be.

She has bleach blonde short hair, pale skin, and legs that are out of this world. She sits next to me. She sits on her legs, so her dress barely covers anything. Pink panties ftw! There was a few other girls there I knew and found cute, but then there was my bitchy blonde ex with her boyfriend. Anyway you get the picture. None of us are accustomed to eating Indian food. It's great, I couldn't get enough. But it's hot goddamn. So while we took a bite" we took a big gulp of water. I don't think there was enough water in this place to keep filling up our pitcher. We were drinking glasses of water like there's no tomorrow. Now comes the father talking about his daughter. We all sit and enjoy his funny speech, and I see a number of the girls at my table showing signs of desperation. The girl next to me whispers I have to pee and begans shaking her legs. Filipino chick crosses her skinny legs and shakes them. They mention they have to pee many times. Now comes the 16 candles.

At this point I had to piss pretty bad but not to the extent the ladies do. I forget whether she got the first candle or she was asked to do this, but the Filipino girl ending up holding her candle to light the next person's candle. The whole time. She stood there, and almost like a flamingo sbe crossed one leg over the other in the air. I had a boner. This was intense. She kept whispering "I have to pee" while my crush next to me kept saying the same thing. A few times the Filipino girl would switch legs, shake a little, and stand still a bit of hot wax from the candle dripped onto her arm and I thought she would lose it right there. I'm sure she lost a few drops, with the shock her face had. I jumped up and wiped it off as she was right next to the table. She looked focused on holding her pee. So the candles finally end. There's a small pause and the filipino girl sits down. She crosses, uncrosses, and shakes her legs multiple times in the course of 30 seconds.

She says "fuck this" and gets up and asks where the bathroom is to the birthday girl. All the other girls look over at her with puppy dog eyes and she tells us where the bathroom is. So the Filipino girl throws off her massive heels and runs to the bathroom. I guess that inspired all of the other desperate chicks to sprint, so I end embarrassingly sprinting with them. I saw a few girls from another party go into the girls room before our girls, and I could only imagine the agonizing wait as the men's room only had 2 stalls, I doubt the girl s would have more than four. All I know is the girl standing there with her legs crossed standing up.

TL;DR Sweet 16, upskirts, desperation, indian food, flamingo girl. Holy shit flamingo girl.

