Last Night

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-11-24 11:57

So this morning I was woken up by my housemate wanting to borrow my makeup bag, and the first thing she said when she walked into my room was "Oh my god, it absolutely stinks of vodka in here."

As I drank considerable amounts of the stuff last night I didn't think much of it, so I spoke with her a little and then lay back down to sleep. I got to that dozing stage somewhere between asleep and awake where you're not quite dreaming but your thoughts aren't quite logical either. I was in this stage when an image came into my head: walking down the street with the luscious feeling of rivulets of pee running down both of my legs and collecting in my shoes, making them squish.

Something about this image seemed a little too real to me and I sat up, frowning. That's when I realised I was no longer wearing the little thong I wore to go clubbing last night, but had on a big pair of white cotton knickers that I usually reserve for wetting and roleplay.

I reached to the corner of my room and found the leggings I'd been wearing last night and sure enough, they were impressively soaked. They're a light red colour so the darker wet patch showed up very clearly and ran from the ankles almost up to the waistband. The white converse I'd been wearing were similarly sodden and both smelled very strongly of pee- not vodka as my housemate had mistakenly thought!

A memory then entered my head of walking home last night feeling very drunk and needing to pee badly. Feeling a little naughty and not wanting to wait until I got home, I just let go. That hot rush of liquid seemed to caress my legs as it flowed easily through the thin material of my leggings before collecting in my shoes where it sloshed back and forth. It came in waves like an orgasm, each wave bringing with it a new bout of pleasure. Finally it stopped and I was left with the rapidly cooling liquid causing my leggings to cling to my skin.

This morning I'm left with wet clothes and the memory of my accident now dominant in my mind. I'm waiting for my housemate to leave so that I can pleasure myself while remembering the feeling of those delicious fingers of pee running down my legs. It's my naughty little secret!

*012*2013-02-11 22:28

Glad you all enjoyed this, I hadn't noticed that it was still getting the odd comment! I feel obliged to point out now though that the leggings and converse were part of an elf costume I was wearing for someone's birthday night out- I wouldn't usually dress so casually to go clubbing ;D

