Shyness lead to an accident

Author: theblackman24

*000*2013-02-11 09:48

I remember a long time ago I was in class taking some test from one of our books. I had a semi desperate urge to pee but it wasn't anything to freak out about. When I finished I asked the teacher if I could use the restroom, but she said no I have to wait until everyone else is finished. When it was time for break everyone was about to stand up and leave, but the teacher said if everyone not finish with the test then no one can leave. Only 5 people were finish with the test so every one had to sit in during break.

I was starting to get anxious because I was starting to have to pee really bad and break was only 15 minutes long. When break was over only half of the class finished the test. The teacher said well every one going to have to wait till lunch before anyone can take a break. Once everyone was finished with the test one of the students asked if they can use the restroom and the teacher said yea. I wanted to ask to use the bathroom but I was to shy to ask. I use to be a shy person when I was younger. I just convinced myself I could hold it until lunch. 

It was a 2 1/2 hours wait until lunch and I was to shy to ask the teacher to use the bathroom. The urge to pee gradually getting worst and worst and time seemed to be taking forever. I wanted to ask to use the bathroom but I couldn't get myself to do it, I was to intimidated to do it so i just held it.

An hour later My bladder was starting to burn a little bit and it felt like it was about to explode. I was becoming very anxious, but I tried to hide it so no one would know i had to pee. I just played it off like there was nothing wrong with me. I could feel my bladder beginning to tire out because the burning felling was starting to increase and i got the feeling that I was about to pee on myself. I felt droplets of pee beginning to leak slowly. I tried to hold them back but they just kept coming out. lunch was still a long way away and I still couldn't bring myself to ask the teacher to use the bathroom because I was shy .

The leaking continued for about a good 15 minutes. My underwear was very saturated with pee, but nothing showed on my pants. I just sat there doing the pee pee dance trying my best to hold it in. I was becoming scared because the leaks were becoming more severe. I could feel the bottem of my pants starting to become wet. I just was to shy to ask the teacher I needed to use the bathroom and I just kept thinking its not so bad. Next thing I know my bladder contracts, I tried to hold it but i couldn't and pee just started shooting out of my like a waterholes. I tried to grab myself to try and stop it but that didnt work. I couldn't stop myself from peeing. My pants became soaked my shoes where soaked and before i knew it there was a puddle on the floor and the hole class was staring at me. That was a very embarrassing day...

After that When I needed to use the bathroom i'd ask and hope the teacher says yes.

*002*2013-02-12 09:01

{{ 

Love this. Wetting because of shyness is one of my big turn-ons ;D. Why is it written like a poem though? Surely that isn't intentional?

}}

It was intentional, Didnt intend it to turn out as a poem, I just wanted short paragraphs lol

