The Morning After My Big Hold

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2016-01-03 02:49

So last night I did my big epic afternoon of rapid desperation prep leading up to a big desperate accident which I shared with you all (see $/29318-rachels-desperation-filled-afternoon/

). I basically sat at my computer working and occasionally updating the word document that formed the basis of that post for over 10 hours, and when I was done, I was horny as hell.

I thought I'd share with you all what happened afterwards. Not all the gory (read sexy) details, because I'm not going to share that with you folks, boundries (plus you all don't care about sex, you're only into pee, right :) But, well, I was a naughty girl and it had some repercussions which I thought I'd share with you, in the name of science of course, as I'm sure you are all interested in the follow-up.

I should note that with that other post, I did not go back and edit it or anything, so what you see is what happened yesterday afternoon. I apologize for any spelling mistakes, though I think my spelling is generally pretty good, I can't guarantee anything towards the end, once I was bursting and practically wetting my computer chair.

Well, as I last wrote, I showered, came back to the computer a wrote the last narrative of my exploits in the bathroom, which were explosive, and then logged off, with the intention of having sex with my poor ignored husband in the other room.

I sidled into the room, looking what I thought was a little coy, but apparently came off as more debauched after my severe arousal and orgasm withdrawal from the shower. I suppose men have a way of noticing this sort of thing, or maybe I was super obvious, but I could see my man quickly realize he was about to get laid. Now I think he knew it was going to happen tonight when I was done with my fun time alone. It's a small apartment and I'd run into him a couple of times in diapers (wet and dry) and without, and he knows that when I'm being a naughty pissy girl on my own that it means I'll be really horny and need his cock afterwards (*blushes a little with the saucy language*). I'm still 'training him' into wetting and pee pee play, and I also still like to do stuff alone from time to time, having grown up doing this, and there are after all some things a married girl still likes to do on her own.

Anyhow, whatever he was watching on TV was quickly ignored and his attention was completely on me. I stared at him with my most coquettish eyes (though he later told me I looked like I had already been laid), and now, not feeling little at all, I told him to fuck me, and hard. As he stood up grinning and strode towards the bedroom, I elaborated, "I've been a naughty girl, you need to fuck me hard, ok?" (Adding the question to give him 'control' yeah I top from the bottom sometimes, bratty girl that I am).

I don't remember what he said but I was face down on the bed, my PJs and panties around my ankles rather quickly. I won't elaborate on the sex part (that's private), but I will say this. I had some strange cramping in my sides during sex, and my vagina, clit, labia, everything, felt raw and ragged. Much as I wanted to cum and wanted to feel the warm diaper gooeyness on my clit, I couldn't seem to manage it. When I was rolled onto my back it just made my clit burn even more.

It started to burn and hurt, so I told him to cum, and without much more prompting he did.

I was exhausted, and let him clean up while I lay there, panting, warm and thoroughly debauched (how I love that word).

I drifted off to sleep and had the strangest dreams. In most of them I was sick at school, with period cramps, or food poisoning, a couple of different fuzzy dream scenarios, all typified by my having discomfort and pain in my sides. I remember a sexy dream too, where I was somehow fucked while simultaneously wetting a pair of pants and panties (I have no idea how this was possible, but it was incredibly hot), and while I was dreaming it, I had the orgasm I had not been able to achieve in the shower or during sex. I came in my sleep.

It was the early morning (at least early for a holiday), around 7am, and I woke up shaking with pleasure from my orgasm, and laying in a soaking wet bed.

In addition to climaxing in my sleep I had also wet the bed. I think I remembered writing something yesterday about being worried that all the fluids and ADH I was building up in my system was going to make me a bed wetting risk, but I clearly forgot before bedtime, what with the wetting and the sex and everything. Falling asleep right after sex, without going pee, after all the fluids I drank, was just asking for trouble, and I had soaked the bed.

We are not talking about a small night dribble causing a little puddle, we are talking a huge soaking, as much as two bladders worth, leading to a huge puddle all over our queen bed.

I should note that our mattress is always protected with a waterproof mattress cover, this comes from a long youth of bedwetting and the occasional accident if I've been drinking lots of alcohol. It's been a while since I've had one of these, because you know, I'm a responsible adult now. I've also left the plastic sheet on the bed because I am trying to do some pee fun with the hubby and I don't want him (or me) to worry about the mattress. It was a good thing, because a huge wet spot was spread across the top of the mattress.

I was still only wearing my long-sleeved blue shirt, which was soaked all the way up one side, and naked on the bottom. Still suffused with pleasure after my orgasm, I quickly came back to reality, when groggily opening my eyes (and discovering the full extent of my accident). Feeling around the wet sheets, I could not find my husband. He was not in bed, and I did distinctly remember him joining me after he had cleaned up, as well as some minor cuddling.

I threw off the top sheet, which was also wet in places, and quickly peeled off the wet shirt, using a dry portion of the front and one of the arms to quickly dry off my legs, which were slick with pee. I felt sticky (especially between my legs) and wet, and now I was chilly after leaving the wet, but otherwise warm bed. There was a pair of damp men's pyjama pants on the ground nearby.

I went on the hunt for my man, and found him asleep with another blanket, curled up uncomfortably on the couch, in a different pair of PJ bottoms and a t-shirt. I didn't want to wake him, so I went back into the bedroom and cleaned up. I pilled all of the wet things, which included a pair of his boxes, my PJ bottoms and panties, which had been scrunched up in a corner of the bed, (I found the pad, mostly dry, stuck to the sheets as well in a wad), the top sheet and blanket were wet in places and of course the bottom sheet, mattress cover and quilted waterproof mattress cover were all soaked as well. And did I mention the bottom of my pillow case had also got a little damp?

This was one of the most serious bedwetting accidents I've had for probably 6 years, probably much longer at that as I can't recall wetting quite so much as a kid. Partly this was because when I was wetting the bed, I would almost always wear protection to bed, which in this case probably would have not made much of a difference. Also little girl bladders can only hold so much pee, and this was certainly, at the very least, a very, very full bladder's worth.

Anyhow, my clomping about eventually woke up the hubby (or possibly my shower, which I had after piling up all the laundry in the basket). He wandered in as I was drying my hair from my shower and pulling on a pair of panties and sweat pants to wear to go down to do the laundry.

The second I saw him my inner little popped out and I wanted to burst into tears. In full little mode, I shyly turned to him and admitted that I had wet the bed, eyes wide, heart racing. He grinned and said "Yeah I know." And I blushed even more, because I had already seen his PJs that I had clearly peed on.

"I'm sorry." I admitted honestly and still rather small, in my cutest voice which was still sincere, not sure how he would react. We have shared a bed that I have wet before on a couple of occasions, but on most of them I'd been wearing protection (yes I've been meaning to write about these for a while and will sometime soon, but see my Diaper Cuddle ($/18574-my-first-diaper-cuddle/

)), or we were both drunk and woke up at about the same time. This was the first time that I'd clearly wet the bed, woken him up, and kept wetting the bed oblivious to my massive accident.

He quickly reassured me (he is a great guy, which is why I married him), and I slowly moved out of little mode as I listened to his story. He told me that an hour after I fell asleep cuddled against him, he was still dozing, when he felt his leg getting wet. Assuming I was having a bedwetting accident, he rolled away, but the damage was done. I was apparently dead to the world and mumbling in my sleep, because his getting up, getting new PJs and a blanket from the closet did not wake me.

He checked to see if I had woken up, and when I had not, he just let me sleep. He said there was only a small puddle under me (and this made me blush a lot, because it meant that he checked and saw me wet, in my PJs, in bed, and looked close enough to be able to offer an appraisal of the scale of my accident). This made me blush but it was also a bit of an turn on if I think of it from his perspective... (peeking pervily and spying a cute innocent man weeing the bed, is super sexy for me). Anyhow he went to sleep on the couch and that was that. I kissed him and apologized and did the laundry while he made breakfast.

I didn't want to explain all about the long afternoon of water drinking, diaper wetting and rapid desperation prep that I had done, so I told my hubby how I'd had a lot of tea before bed (which was certainly true), and fell asleep too fast. I'm sure he knew there was more to it than that, but he didn't press, but chuckled and laughed the whole thing off good heartedly. Saying something about having a "pee fiend for a wife," which made me blush and laugh a little as well.

Now I think I wet the bed more than once, which if it is the case is also a rarity for me, because there is no way that there was only one bladder's worth of pee on those sheets. Also, he claimed that I had wet the bed quite soon after having fallen asleep, but when I woke up in the morning I didn't wake up because the sheets had gotten all cold and clammy (which I'm sure many of you will know is a horrible way to wake up and one I was accustomed to throughout my childhood). Instead, I woke up while climaxing (purrrrr) into a bed that comfortably warm. I think that perhaps I wet the bed early in the night, which was when I drove my husband out, and then towards the morning, a second time probably around the time of my sexy dream.

I've not had a lot of wetting dreams leading to accidents, so all in all this was a pretty wild experience. This is not to say that I've not had lots of wetting and diaper dreams (and nightmares), but I don't think they were particularly linked to my wetting the bed as sometimes happens to others.

I was still feeling a little dehydrated and sore between my legs, but this was how I spent the morning after my big desperation wetting fun time. I'm also really horny still, which is frustrating because I think my girl parts need a little more time to recover before I can do anything to address this situation. I think I may take a long bath.

Hope you enjoyed my experience.

Rachel.

*002*2016-01-03 04:47

{{ 

That was amazing! I loved the detail (and the video from the last topic) that you went into. In addition to being one of the hottest stories I've read on this site, it was really interesting to hear about your wet dream (or double wet dream if you count pee + climax. I'm not sure how we score that. It's the first time I've heard of that).

Is it normal for an accident to take such a toll on your body? It sounds like you went through an ordeal.

}}

Well I think part of it was in my mind. The last time I did a rapid desperation (from my $/25271-a-planned-ultrasound-accident/

) I didn't have that much discomfort, and then I read the

$iframe data-embed-src="$/29019-rapid-desperation-word-of-warning/?do=embed"

Recently, and well I think part of my panic mid-way through was me thinking about that, though when I did the Ultrasound one, it was more scientific (and like spaced out).

So I don't know if the climax came first, or the wetting, I suspect it was the wetting, because I was wetting my pants in my dream and I think the warm wetness of me peeing was what pushed me over the edge.

And no, most accidents don't, I think it was because of the whole rapid desperation stuff before had. And it was rather lengthy. I don't think I usually have time to do these types of pee pee play, nice to finally get a holiday when you can sit back and play around with pee :)

Glad you like it :)

*005*2016-01-03 22:50

Thanks for the kind words folks, glad you liked it. I'm planning something else for today....what can I say, I've got some time on my hands and I'm super horny :) Stay tuned!

*007*2016-01-04 23:15

{{ 

What an amazing story! You shared a lot of fascinating details that made your tale come alive. I kinda wish you would wet the bed more often, just so that I could read more such stories.

When you said that you wanted to burst into tears when you were about to tell your husband that you'd wet the bed, and that you went into "full little mode," did you mean that you felt ashamed of wetting the bed, like you did when you were a child? Was it an unpleasant and anxious moment for you, before he reassured you?

}}

Yes :) for me there are things I can do, wear, watch and so on, that make me feel more 'little' and this was one of them and yes, I felt like he was daddy for a moment :) And just using the word Daddy has that effect too, which I don't use with him yet :)

*010*2016-01-05 22:28

{{ 

Do you get aroused when you recall the moment of shame that you felt? What part of the experience turns you on the most in retrospect?

You were right in your forecast at 4:22 – "if I drink this much caffeine I'll be up all night or worse wet the bed."

}}

Totally right, so when I've been drinking a lot before bed (cefeinated things, but usually mostly alcohol), I still usually slip into something absorbent to wear. Now if I'm too drunk (which happens less and less) or there is some sexy fun time before, or something else to lead me to forget, I sometimes still wake up wet (or bursting), and by husband is used to the odd wetting. I've been really good lately and I've got it down to maybe once a month or less often.

When I do wet the bed, my husband is beginning to learn that if he behaves in the right way, he will get all kinds of laid and he usually does :)

{{ 

I wonder why you didn't have a happy ending, in one way or another, before going to bed. From what you wrote, you were you too tired and too sore from your long effort to drink, wet, and hold. Could your arousal also have dissipated over such a long period? Sometimes that happens to me when I stay excited too long or if I work too hard during sex. Anyway, you seemed to have had a great time wetting your diapers and your pants and panties. Wetting by itself is very sensuous, as we all know. Perhaps you would not have wet the bed so gloriously later that night if you had gotten some sexual satisfaction earlier. Such a huge wet bed is very rare for you now and is an event to be savored, I would think.

}}

I think I was just too wound up for too long and also my like fluids were off, while I was drinking tonnes I Was feeling dehydrated, and I don't think my girl parts we lubricated enough with the proper fluids.

And who knows, I don't always need to cum when I have sex, sometimes its super sexy to feel used as a sex thing for my man, and then recall those memories later on my own or the next time we do it...

