Assertiveness

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-07-25 08:14

Once upon a time I wet my pants, in the middle of class, in high school. It was as embarrassing as all hell. And for me, wetting my pants was actually not, per se, the most embarrassing part of this story.

I was sixteen at the time and had just started “going out” with my first boyfriend. We never actually went anywhere, just hung out at school during lunch for a few weeks, I never even kissed him. But I thought that I was so in love. Thinking back I was so freaking cute about it, and possibly nauseating. We used to sit out on the grass behind the woodworking block and hold hands.

One day, even though I needed to pee really badly before the lunch break started, I rushed straight to our spot to hang out. It would have only taken five minutes to go pee but I really didn’t want to waste any of our time together on peeing, and besides I don’t really like public toilets so I would usually hold it all day rather than use the school loos. If I had to use them for whatever reason I’d go during class time so no one else would be around. I was a great kid, my teachers never minded. So my plan was to hang on till the end of lunch and then go pee early in my next class.

I bounced and squirmed around on the grass behind the woodworking building all lunchtime. My boyfriend did ask me a couple of times if I was OK. I said I was just cold. It was summer, in Queensland. Why would I say that? Was the pee leaking into my brain? I remember I kept having to pull my school uniform green A-line skirt down over my thighs because it kept riding up with all my wriggling. I was trying to keep still but I just couldn’t do it.

Eventually lunch ended, I squeezed my boyfriend’s hand goodbye since we had different classes, and hurried off to geography on the other side of the school. My geography teacher was an ancient old man who had let me out of class to go to the bathroom a couple of times before without any question. Unfortunately I guess he was sick or something on this particular day because a middle-aged woman with short blonde hair named Mrs Scott was teaching his class. I’d never had her as a teacher before, and never did again actually, but she was clearly not taking any shit from punk teenagers. She barked at the class to stop chattering and pull out our textbooks and answer the question on page whatever. Real bullshit old-school teaching style.

She intimidated me with her manner, which was obviously the point. If I’d had a choice I definitely would have just held it till the end of class rather than say anything to her. But I was seriously busting and so I didn’t really have a choice except to go up to her at the teacher’s desk and ask to go to the bathroom.

It’s pretty obvious where this story is going right? She snapped at me, “Lunch finished ten minutes ago. Go back to your desk and do some work.” I know I should have tried to impress upon her that it was really, really urgent. I know I should have just walked out and gone to the bathroom if that didn’t move her. I know that’s what most people would do. But yeah… I was more scared of her yelling at me and of getting in trouble than I was of wetting myself. Stupid, right?

So I went back to my desk and sat back down. I pulled out the geography textbook and opened it to the right page but there was no way I could actually read it. I knew I couldn’t possibly wait until the end of class but I was telling myself “Just hold it for five more minutes. Then go ask her again and she’ll see that you are really desperate and let you go.” But after five minutes I looked up at her and saw her glaring across the room and I just couldn’t bring myself to go back up to her desk. So I promised myself that I’d wait another five minutes and calm myself down, and then I’d go up to talk to her. But instead of calming down I just got more upset and kept imagining her getting mad at me. So I kept putting off going back up. And then I wet myself.

I felt so goddamned stupid. Sixteen and peeing myself because I’m scared of a teacher. It’s pathetic I know.

It happened all at once, a steady stream into my knickers, pooling under my bum, and pouring down onto the carpet beneath my chair. It was one of those red plastic ones that hold a decent puddle when you pee in them.

I didn’t know what to do. I was scared of Mrs Scott before, I really didn’t want to walk up to her and tell her that I’d wet myself. I didn’t want to walk up in front of the class in wet clothes. So I just sat there and stared at the pages of the geography textbook through tear filled eyes. I didn’t have a plan, I just wanted to sink into the floor and die.

Maybe ten minutes later, it was near the end of class, Mandy Mitchell, the girl sitting next to me tapped me on the arm and whispered to me, “Have you wet yourself?” She sounded concerned more than anything else. I couldn’t speak, I just nodded quickly. “Oh… OK… Um, do you want me to tell Mrs Scott?”

I didn’t want her to. But what else could I do? I couldn’t go up myself. When class ended I couldn’t just stay in my seat. She touched my shoulder briefly as she got up. I didn’t watch her, I stared right through the textbook.

“Alright!” Mrs Scott barked. “Since you’ve mostly managed to be quiet and get on with your work you can leave a few minutes early.” The class started chattering as they packed up their things. “Quietly now! Don’t dawdle.” People cleared out quickly. Mrs Scott came over to my desk. My heart raced.

“Go down to the front office. You can wear my coat, just leave it with the administration staff.” Mrs Scott’s voice was soothing rather than angry. “If you hurry most classes won’t have finished before you get there.”

The admin lady let me call my Mum and sit on a garbage bag in the sick bay while I waited for her to pick me up. I told Mum that I’d been laughing too hard rather than what had actually happened because I was, irrationally, scared she would judge me for not having been more assertive.

Nothing more was really said about it. Mum never mentioned it again. I never saw Mrs Scott again. I don’t remember seeing the admin lady again. Mandy asked me if I was OK the next morning and then never alluded to it again. And if anyone else knew they never said anything either.

*006*2015-07-26 08:36

I'm actually not still upset with the teacher at all. It's not easy for a casual to go into a class of sixteen year olds and get them to behave, much less actually work. I don't think a lot of her "scare them into submission" strategy. But when you don't have time to build a rapport sometimes a firm hand is a passable way to keep things in line. She was presumably new to teaching and still working out what works and what doesn't. So yeah I sympathize with her as well, there is absolutely no way it would have crossed her mind that I would wet myself if she said no when I asked. She probably felt terrible about it. I really appreciate her bailing me out by getting everyone else out of the room early. Honestly the whole thing is pretty much my fault, not hers.

I don't know what she'd have done if I'd asked a second time... probably let me go, but maybe not. Obviously she'd have let me go if she thought I was actually busting but kids fake needing to go all the freaking time and they can be pretty convincing actors.

Mandy was, still is I presume, an absolute sweetheart. She was always that girl who cared about everyone and everything. I couldn't have got any luckier with who noticed me. Can you imagine if I'd been sitting next to some arsehole who thought it would be funny to announce what happened to the class or something? It's a sickening thought.

It's a bit of a tricky memory for me. On the one hand it's dead sexy, but on the other I feel a bit stupid. :p

*012*2015-07-28 22:15

So apparently this sort of thing is popular in Queensland :p.

{{ 

Ooh another QLDer =)

Cute story. Mrs Scott probably would have let you go If you asked again.... I know first hand that relief teachers need to be strict just to make it through the day in new one piece

}}

Yeah she probably would have. I've never said no to a second request. Now I know why relief teachers need to be so strict, at the time I just figured she was a nasty person. But then I've been strict and firm but not actually mean and scary. Although... Maybe I'm misremembering her demeanor. I wouldn't rule that out by any stretch.

Siegala; Yeah probably everyone except me in my class would have done the same as you or your classmates. I was an anxious teenager, and still am really. I was really afraid of being "in trouble" or being spoken to roughly. In my mind, and presumably not many other people's, it was actually better to wet myself than risk getting in trouble.

When I was in primary school I actually did pretty much the same thing on multiple occasions. A few times I was intimidated enough that I didn't even ask to go to the toilet a first time, or by the time I worked up the nerve to ask I ended up having an accident regardless. Not for good reason, my schools were fine, no one else wet themselves. Just me being anxious. And here's the thing. In primary school, no teachers ever said no to me, ever. So all that embarrassment was entirely unnecessary.

I think I just asked her politely if I could "please go to the toilet." I absolutely didn't claim it was an emergency or anything of the sort. Had she asked I'd probably have said no anyway because that's the answer I would have thought she would want to hear. I'm certain she didn't realise how desperate I was.

Interesting side note; Years after high school someone once told me a story, I couldn't get any details, this is third hand stuff, about a colleague of hers who wet herself at work. It was some sort of food service place, but I can't remember which one, she told me where she worked before the story got interesting so I forgot it instantly. Apparently their boss had told this other woman that she would have to wait to use the bathroom. And she wet herself. "There was a puddle". The person telling the story said that she would have just gone to the bathroom anyway if she had to go that badly. I agreed with her out loud, but in my head I was thinking, "Yeah... I'd probably have wet myself as well in that situation."

So I guess that there are other people like me out there.

