Well Good Morning to Me! [pics]

Author: kittibites

*000*2014-07-10 14:54

I'm working from home or telecommuting this morning, so I have the house all to myself. I actually have a pretty busy day lined up, so I hadn't planned anything special. I tried to do a hold two days ago with mixed results (which is posted elsewhere in this thread). However I had a very nice surprise and I thought I would share with you all.

I peed early this morning per normal, then again before I started my work day. I had a cup of coffee followed by two glasses of water. It had only been a couple of hours since my last bathroom break, but I felt like I strongly needed to go (maybe 6/10).

Since I was home alone and I didn't have any meetings in the near future, I thought, why not have a little fun? As I mentioned above, I did a hold a couple of days ago, wearing blue leggings and green panties. I was disappointed with the show and had decided next time I planned a wetting it should be jeans. Well this morning I was wearing pink undies and black leggings. I decided, what the heck, I'd love to feel the warm flood in my pants again, it was so amazing the last time. So I took off my leggings and threw on some jeans I was planning to wash later today anyway.

I wasn't planning a hold, so I didn't think I would have all that much in my bladder to show. I was prepared to feel the amazing warmth and spread and the fabulous dripping sounds, but didn't expect a big show. Boy was a wrong! The coffee must have really gotten my bladder into overdrive. By the time I got my jeans on and went into the bathroom, I was near bursting (maybe 8/10). There was no hesitation, once in position, my bladder let go without a qualm. At first I could feel the amazing spread across my bottom and down my thighs, but not much show. I thought maybe that would be all. However my bladder kept going, just as I thought it was slowing down, another gush came out, and this time, the spread was amazing to watch, coming out to the front in a quick motion. Then as that burst slowed, one more large spurt arrived, and just made it a perfect wetting to both watch and feel. By now the splatter of urine on the floor was driving me crazy.

I finished the last little bit of pee and was so pleased at the morning's adventure. I had taken off my pants and thrown them in the laundry, feeling nice and wet down my thighs, and wet in more than one way down there. Then my next little morning surprise hit me. I had to go again! Surely not, I thought to myself, I just did a very respectable wetting, I hadn't been pushing water or caffeine. Yet there it was, pressure on my bladder quickly building up. So back to the bathroom I trotted. I contemplated what I wanted to do. I was still feeling naughty so rather than finish it off in the toilet, I decided I'd really love to hear the splatter on carpet, so I spread my legs on the bathmat and let go. The pitter patter on the bathmat was divine. And would you believe that there was a good amount there, enough to come down in a solid stream, then roll down my thigh and drip off my heel.

I was so turned on, I had to finish myself then and there, or else I knew I wouldn't be able to get my mind back to work! And before I could get my mind back to work, I had to share my amazing morning with you guys, since no one else would understand. Sorry it's so long, but if you made it this far, thanks for reading!

*003*2014-07-10 18:44

{{ 

Thank you for sharing :-) very hot pic!

}}

Thank you! My first picture post (blush)

{{ 

Sounds like a lovely morning! I had to do laundry the other day as well so when I woke up I pulled on a pair of long underwear I like to wet in and browsed some videos while I soaked them. Straight in the washer they went afterwards and me in the shower. Gotta love easy cleanup.

}}

Yes, easy clean-up is good. Sometimes other things are tempting, but the thought of having to do a lot of clean-up after is deterring!

*013*2014-07-11 15:22

Thanks for all the positive feedback. I definitely enjoyed myself and I'm glad I gave you guys something to enjoy as well :)

*015*2014-07-11 18:09

{{ 

T|hank you for sharing, excellent pictures, I hope your carpet is ok :)

}}

Carpet is good to go, it is washed dried and back in place! We had a elderly cat once upon a time that kept mistaking it for the litter box, so the bathmat is no stranger to accidents...

