Let's try and pretend that I don't need to go...

Author: Soulbringer

*000*2014-10-07 19:34

So I was alone for the morning.

I started to do the house work, my usual Tuesday morning activity, at around 9. My other half had just left.

I started in the kitchen by cleaning up the breakfast dishes. It was thirsty work so I grabbed a 2lt bottle of water from the fridge.

After chugging about a quarter of the bottle I continued with my routine.

I brushed the floors, again thirsty work, another quarter gone.

I mopped, another quarter.

I felt a twinge. Well not so much as a twinge rather than a swift kick. My body was saying quite bluntly "you need to pee". So I did the reasonable thing and ignored it.

Finally I sorted the washing and put the washing machine on. The noise of the machine filling with water made me shiver. It felt good to be this full.

I chugged the last of the bottle down and settled into my chair with my phone to grab some chat on omegle.

After continuously connecting and disconnecting I finally found someone nice to talk to. She was out with her dog for a morning walk. We were chatting away when I suddenly realised that I was about to burst. I got up and paced and leaked a little, I decided that I needed to end the chat and get down to business.

After saying my goodbyes and put the camera on and proceeded to finish up the house. I walked to the kitchen and felt another little leak. I tried to place my mind somewhere else and continued on.

I felt a warm gush in my pants. I groaned and quickly grabbed myself to prevent any additional flow. I carried on. Almost tiptoeing around. I stopped, my hand grabbing again. To late, I felt warm pee soak my hand. I managed once again to cease the flow, but I need to act quickly. I limped to the bathroom, spurts of pee leaking in my pants the whole way. I stepped into the bath and relaxed.

Warm pee gushed out, flowing down my jeans. After about half of my bladder was emptied I got out and continued with my walk around.

After another brief walk I began to wet myself once again. It must have been something to do with the already wet jeans. It was as if I had no control whatsoever. When my jeans got dangerously close to being saturated I made another be line for the bathroom and released more of my bladder into my jeans.

At this point I decided to enjoy myself. So I turned the camera off and sat down in the bath.

I could already feel my bladder filling up again. So I took out my phone and surfed the interweb for a bit. When I felt sufficiently full I just released while sitting there. Warm pee ran down my pen is and ball, trickling between my ass cheeks and pooling around my bum. It felt amazing, I almost orgasmed there and then.

But I was ready to yet. So I continued to play with my phone, pretending that all was normal. 10 minutes later my bladder was feeling full again, all of those liquids I had in the morning were certainly requiring an exit.

I put my phone down and slid my hand down my cold wet pants. I gently placed my finger on my anus, cupping my penis and balls in the palm of my hand.

I felt the first dribble on my hand. My penis instantly started to react so I forced the pee from my bladder. Hot pee gushed into my hand and ran down my fingers. I pushed slightly to open my ass a bit and let the warm pee almost enter me. My cold jeans were now filled with warm pee. I slid my hand upwards brushing against my penis and orgasmed into my hand.

I lay there panting. Completely soaked in about three bladders worth of pee.

I reached over to the taps and started to fill the bath.

I hope you enjoyed it. I apologise for any typos. I did this story from my phone and it's a nightmare to review.

The videos can be found here for the first parts.

%https://omorashi.org/files/file/2670-my-wetting-videos/

