Halloween Triple Wetting

Author: Axis

*000*2012-05-16 03:35

This past Halloween, I went Trick-or-Treating (look, free candy is free candy) with my best friend Hayden. He doesn't know about my fetish, so when I overheard three cute girls talking about how they may not make it home, I told him I was tired and to go on without me. So, keeping my distance, I followed them. Their needs got increasingly worse and they were not at all shy about it. Suddenly, one dared the other two to wet themselves. It was dark, so it wouldn't be too noticable. They said no way, and then I stepped in. I bet them all $30 (I can't remember why I had it but thank God I did) or $10 each they wouldn't do it. That got them to think about it. They knew they probably wouldn't make it home, but they didn't even know me so they were skeptical. 

Finally, one said,"what the hell, I just want my bladder to be empty." Sure enough, a faint hissing started as her pants got a wet patch that spread to her feet. "God that felt good! Well?" she said to the other, skirt-clad girls. Reluctantly, they spread their legs and a stream sprang from between their thighs, drizzling on the ground in unison. When they finished, they all thanked me and even let me keep my money! I asked why and they said we just needed a reason to stop hurting ourselves. They said goodbye and I met up with Hayden. He said,"wow, you look pretty pumped up. Something happen?" I replied with a quiet no, still trying to come to terms with what had just happened to me. Atleast the darkness hid my b0n3r;)

I can't believe it took me this long to remember that. Hope you enjoyed, I know I did!

*005*2012-05-17 14:11

No costumes and they were like 16 or 17. Honestly I don't think they could think straight and besides, It was really spur of the moment. I guess I was just really lucky:)

