So that's why he had Tupperware in his backpack.

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-09-04 02:09

I've mentioned August in several of my other childhood stories (even if not all of them by name), which is just by coincidence, since he was such a huge part of my life. We met when he was two or three, and I would have been three or four, being about nine months older than he. I recall that he was still in diapers, but I wasn't. I also recall that he was potty trained rather late. Being raised together like this (despite being differing sexes, we were bathed and slept together), we were extremely comfortable with one another.

He was spending the night with me once, when I was five or six, so he'd have been four or five. He was staying with us for a long weekend, maybe four days, for reasons I don't recall. When we would get dressed in the morning, he would take his underwear out of a Tupperwear container and put it on. I asked why he had them in there and he wouldn't tell me.

The second or third morning, I woke up and he was crying. He was sleeping on a pile of blankets on my floor and they were all soaked, as well as the bottom of the oversized shirt and white briefs he was wearing. I ran down the stairs to get my mom and told her what had happened. When we came upstairs, August had dumped the spare underwear out of the container, and as we walked in he had dropped the wet ones in and sealed the lid. He wasn't crying, but blushed.

My mom helped him get in the shower and he washed off then got dressed as my mom put the blankets in the wash. My mom wasn't angry, and she didn't do it in anger (as many of the fiction stories suggest), but she did call August's mom and tell her what happened and request he wear protection the next night, and proceeded to drag us to the store and buy some pullups.

As far as I remember, he wore pullups at night for probably six months to a year after. This really isn't unreasonable, as he was about five years old. That's the last accident I clearly remember of his; I'm sure his pullups were sometimes wet, but he was very discreet about it after that.

