Bursting in her pants

Author: jngroot

*000*2013-06-20 13:22

This incident happened a long time ago, when I was much younger and studying. I lived in a house with 5 other students (both male and female). We were not exactly close friends, but we got along quite well. We would often eat together and about once a month we went out in the night to some party or club.

This one night, the 6 of us went to a 'students night' in a local club down town. I remember quite well this was on a Thursday (non-students usally prefer Friday or Saturday for going out late). These kind of parties were always quite fun: you could drink, dance, chat with people, make new friends, pick up someone etc. This night, the 6 of us mostly spend time drinking and dancing together (3 boys 3 girls so other people sort of assume that you are couples..).

The parties always ended at exactly 2 o'clock because of local regulations. The music went off, the lights went on, bars were closed and you were supposed to pick up your coat and leave.

This particular night was a warm summer night and we were just getting in the party mood. So instead of walking straight home (approximately 15 minutes) we spend some more time outside, chatting and talking.

One of the girls living in the same house and being with us that night was Linda. Linda was quite tall (almost 6 feet), quite slim, quite pretty and I still remember she looked very good in jeans. Although she did not look like the beer-drinking kind of girl, she could drink an amazing amount on nights like this.

We were outside for just a few minutes when Linda said she really had to pee. At that time, she was sitting on a bench with her legs crossed. I remember this slightly amused me and also aroused me. She had obviously a lot to drink and some of it probably was still finding its way to her bladder. We weren't heading home yet, and even if we were going there, it was a 15-minute walk. Some people made a joke about going behind a 3 (there was a 1-feet wide tree near us). I pretended indifference but of course noticed very well what was happening. Linda was really getting fidgety. After a few minutes she went to the entrance of the club, but this was already closed. She came back, looking quite unhappy and asking in general if we could go home. This did n't happen for some time, it seemed to make more sense to hang around in the city center. Linda started to lose some of her natural dignity, I remember quite well that she started to dance around and even hold her crotch.

Finally, the group started to walk and our part of the group started the walk home. This was n't going very fast, we were all at least slightly drunk, quickly distracted and not exactly taking the quickest way home. I was walking next to Linda. I somehow felt sorry for her large and even growing inconvienence, but the situation was also quite exciting in a way. The first few minutes she seemed to be all right. Then she admitted to me that she could barely walk, how her bladder felt like giant balloon and she was about to lose it (she was indeed walking 'funny', making little steps etc).

The thought of her being totally desperate soaking her nice blue jeans was really exciting, but again, I also felt sorry. I asked her why she did n't use the bathroom in the club and she said she hardly ever used them because of the queues and dirtyness, but now regretted that she had been holding it all night. At that moment I realised that she had at least 8 or 9 beers without even once visiting the toilet that night - an indication for an impressive bladder capacity but even then there are limits.

We had to stand still for a few seconds to cross a street. All of a sudden Linda gasped, grabbed her crotch and said 'Fuuuck'. I knew immediately what was happening. She said once more 'Fuuck - it's just coming out now'. I could see a dark spot under her crotch that was n't there before. Now she was really in panic - she basically ducked between a car and a minivan, pulled down her jeans and undies and started to pee. The rest of us politely gave her some privacy, we waited a few metres further just out of sight. It was easy to hear a loud, hissing sounds of pee hitting the ground which made us laugh. She really peed for a very, very long time and I still remember that there was a small flow of pee coming in our (somewhat lower) direction.

When she was finished she said 'I feel so much better now, should have done that before' and we continued our walk home. There were some jokes but nobody really made a big thing out of it - a huge desperation with a little leakage is for some people probably something that can happen on a night out. For me however, it was something never to forget. I still believe that wetting out of desperation is very rare and after this it took many, many years before I saw another wetting similar to this one.

Linda had wet herself a little - a small part of her jeans was wet and I remember that she took a shower straight after we were home. I had the guts to ask about the incident the next day, by first making a joke about it. She was a bit reluctant to speak about it, but what she did say was that the urge to pee all of a sudden took over everything else.

