Desperate in highschool

Author: riviara

*000*2013-04-03 22:59

This happened to me 2 years ago in highschool.

(just a side note, first class starts at 9:10 am)

I woke up to the sound of my alarm and rolled over to look at my alarm to see what time it was, 8:30. It takes me about a half hour to walk to school so i only had 10 minutes to get ready. I jumped out of bed, threw on a black t-shirt and some skinny jeans, ran downstairs and grabbed something to eat. After about 10 minutes of walking in the cold, i could feel that i needed to pee and realized i didn't have my regular morning pee.

By the time i got to school the bell was just ringing so i rushed off to class. All through the class i could feel my bladder slowly filling up with pee. When there was about 10 minutes left in class, i had to cross my legs and started moving them around. The bell rang so i left the classroom and headed towards the bathroom, about halfway there i met 3 of my friends (all guys like most of my friends). They came up to me we all started talking. I am very shy so i didn't say anything about needing the bathroom. I stood there trying not to make my growing desperation obvious. A few minutes later the bell signaling we only had 2 minutes left to get to class rang. We all said bye and then headed towards our classes. I now didn't have time to use the bathroom because i couldn't risk being late (4 lates = an absense and i already missed a lot of classes). I reluctantly entered the classroom and sat down.

Of corse i had to have science...my science teacher was super strict about bathroom breaks because people were taking advantage of them and just leaving for half the class. So he made a list with everyones name on it and told us that we were only allowed one bathroom break a week in his classroom (yes i am 100% serious). I had already used my bathroom break for the week so i was almost sure he would not let me go. I sat there wiggleing around while crossing and uncrossing my legs for the first half of the class. I felt like i was about to burst and there was still a half hour left. I raised my hand and asked if i could go to the bathroom. He, of corse, said no.

After about 5 more minutes of wiggleing around back and forth in my chair, i unbuttoned my jeans to relieve some of the pressure of my acheing bladder. Another 5 minutes past, i could not concentrate on anything but my very desperate state. I was seriously begginging to doubt i would make it. I shoved my hand into my crotch and must have looked rediculous with the ammount i was moving around, ever so trying to contain my pee. I looked up at the clock again after what felt like hours, 10 minutes still left in class. I had tears in my eyes now from the pain in my bladder. A few minutes later is when the first leak came. Both of my hands rushed to my crotch imediatly, trying to make sure no more leaked out into my panties. I took one hand away from my crotch and raised my hand.

About a minute later (which felt like forever) the teacher answered my hand. "may i PLEASE go to the bathroom?" i said. He looked up at the clock, then back to me and said "There is only 5 minutes left in class, you can wait". So i sat there, stareing at the clock with both hands in my crotch, pushing against my pee hole while rocking back and forth. I'm sure everyone in the class knew how bad i needed to pee at this point, considering i sat in the front row. With not even a minute left, i let out a huge spurt that completly soaked my panties. I tensed up and held on for dear life, seconds away from being free from that classroom. FINALLY after what seemed like forever the bell rang.

I shot out of my chair and through the classroom door. I was pretty much hobbleing down the hall at this point, luckily the bathroom was close by. I went into the bathroom and felt a few more spurts escape. I opened the stall, ripped down my pants and panties then had one of the best pees of my life. I can't even explain how turned on i was after that. I checked out the damage to my pants and panties, my panties were drenched and the was a decently big wet spot on my pants. I was too embarrased to go to the next class and decided to just go home. So much for not missing class.

This is the first experience i have ever shared, so don't be too hard on me.

*003*2013-04-04 09:54

{{ 

Awesome story! Hope you have recovered from the embarrassment :b Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thanks a lot :D and yes i have recovered from the embarassment, but the day after that happened i REALLY didn't want to go to school.

*009*2013-04-05 02:26

Thank you for all the kind comments! It has made me want to share more of my experiences :D

*012*2013-04-05 03:34

{{ 

That was AMAZING! Really damn good for a first shared experience. I don't usually get too turned on by reading stories but that one took the cake. I hope you were wearing full-back cotton panties! :p (my favorite kind)

}}

Glad to hear i turned you on ^^

I don't remember what kind of panties i was wearing tho, but we can pretend they were full-back for you, okay?

