My surprise for Erick

Author: karineden

*000*2014-01-31 10:11

Hello to you all,

My name is Karin.

First of all I would like to apologize of my lousy English, for it is not my native language.

A couple of weeks ago my friend Erick stumble over this web site while probing the net. We start reading the stories and just kept on reading.

I know Erick is attracted to wetting, for i noticed that he somehow tries pushing me towards it (for instance, when we go out for a restaurant He sometimes asks me to try and hold my pee until we get back home as kind of a game – usually I just laugh and run to do my thing...). So it wasn’t a surprise for me that he was interesting in that kind of web site and I just joined him in front the computer. I also noticed he was glad that I found it interesting too.

After reading and enjoying the stories, he asked me how I feel about wetting. I was too embarrassed (and a bit tired, for it was kind of late at night) to talk it through and just made a joke of it without really answering the question.

Well, I decided he (and me) deserves an answer and because it is easier for me to write about it rather than talk face to face, I decided to do so through this site (actually I did more then that, but this is the story I'm about to tell). Later on I'll let Erick read and watch it, looking forward for his response.

As everybody else (I think) I've been to situations where I had to pee real bad but had to hold it for some time. Yet, I never had a real accident (slightly wet panties, no more).

Until lately I never even thought of wetting, but after reading the stories in this site (I got buck to it from time to time) and also all those hints from Erick, made me think of it quite a lot. Last week I hold myself for about 3 hours during work and then ran as hell to relieve myself (yes, after wetting a little in the panties). It made me feel really good and hot thogh. It felt Like playing kind of dirty sexy game ( : .

So, yesterday morning I got up from sleep and somehow instead of going to the loo as I usually do (I did get up to pee during that night), I thought "maybe I'll try holding it for a while?" I had a day off from work and so after a while I thought that maybe it's a good opportunity to try and go with it all the way through. As I kept thinking of it I got more and more impecuniousness about doing it, and even decided to try and video myself through it, in order to show it to Erick later on as a kind of surprise (yes honey, please keep on reading).

I stayed in my sleeping clothes and went to drink a glass of white wine hopping it would make me a little more comfortable about this all thing.

After that I made myself a mug of coffee and went drinking it in front of the t.v.

At first I hardly needed to pee. about an hour later I began feeling some pressure building up in me, but it was still not so bad. I took out from the fridge a bottle of water and started pouring and drinking glasses of water, finishing almost the whole bottle. After that I tied my pants lace (thinking that if I'll have a second thought about it, it would be harder to take the pants off rapidly…), and waited.

It was then that I considered the possibility of writing about this all thing in this site. Then I thought I might attach the video which I'm planning to take as well. I wasn't sure wither I will have the courage to do it eventually, but in order to make it an option I had to find a place where I can put the cell in such a way that my lower part of body would be seen well (for Erick and for you all), without showing my face by accident (sorry…). It took me quite some time to figure it out (now I know I should have placed the cell vertically – you would have to make do with watching it aside), and meanwhile I began to be quite desperate.

It was about 3.5 hours after I got up. normaliy by that time I would have gone to pee for the second time already. I took out a bottle of coke, poured myself a glass and drunk it as fast as I could. I decided to try and hold it for as much as I can. It took about another half an hour and another glass of coke when I reached the point feeling my bladder having kind of waves of pain (or maybe it was my kidneys?) .Now I really felt the pressure and could hardly avoid wetting any more. I harried to the cell and well, you can see the rest in the movie (actually it took about 10 more minutes before I could let myself go. Standing in front of the camera made me hold on again. I left only the last part of the movie in the site).

First it was drilling slowly down my legs soaking in my socks (you can see me checking the sock in the movie). Then, I felt a huge pressure and I had to let go (looking at the movie I noticed I was steel trying holding it with my hands – embarrassing). I felt sooooo relieved. I just didn't care of anything and peed uncontrollably over myself.

Well, I can say It was really a great experience and I'm not regretting having it.

After I calmed down I looked around and didn’t know how to start cleaning all the mess. I was wet, standing in the middle of a puddle of pee on the floor, the room smells badly of urine and i realized that i forgot to prepare a towel in order to clean up after me…

I can also add that later on that day I had to pee 6 more times, each time feels like I would hardly gone a make it in time. I had so much pee that day, I could actually feel the smell of urine out of me.

Well, I hope you all enjoy the story and the movie (especially you Erick), and thank you for participating my experience.

*004*2014-02-02 02:10

Hi,

For some reason my video didnt upload in my privios post. So i'm trying to upload it again...

%https://omorashi.org/files/file/2245-my-surprise-for-erick/

*007*2014-02-02 20:55

{{ 

I hope Eric enjoyed this as much as I did. Nice video, thanks for sharing. You mentioned a strong urine smell ; I did notice the yellow stain was rather dark, perhaps your pee is a bit strong.

}}

Thank you, it means a lot for me. yes he did!!! very much!!! i'm so relieved. i wasn't sure of what the response is going to be. i'm really happy for trying - it was well worth it. even thinking of doing it again sometime :)

What did you mean about the pee being a bit strong ?

*009*2014-02-03 06:20

Thank you. Maybe I'll end up also being healthier out of this experience : )

I have been told before that I do not drink enough

