Making him hold till I cum

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-11-06 11:56

In my recent Halloween weekend stories I mentioned a game that me and Shadow sometimes play. One of us is desperate to pee and once they reach bursting point and are close to having an accident they have to make the other one cum before they can go pee. If they make the other person cum they can go pee but if they have an accident before they make them cum then they have to do anything the other person wants for the rest of the night. I had a request to tell of one of these times where Shadow is the one who is desperate. We also both enjoy holding and quite often will be holding together.

A few weeks ago we went bowling and whilst there we both had a few drinks. Whilst we were driving home we both needed to pee and upon arriving home we decided to hold it. We both got a cup of tea and some water to truly fill our bladders then picked out a film to watch and flopped on the couch to watch. As the film went on our bladders steadily filled until about halfway through the film we were both squirming with busting bladders. Whenever we hold together we always do something, in this case watching a film, which we finish before we can pee to add a challenge. There was 40 minutes left of the film and I knew by the time that time arrived I would be almost having an accident. My bladder was filling up quite fast. Watching the film was becoming harder as I was concentrating on holding back my bladder whilst also being distracted and very turned on by shadow's squirming. Luckily I have seen the film a few times so I didn't need to concentrate to know what was going on.

We also have a rule in place when we are both holding and waiting for something to end like the film, the first one to get their underwear wet through leaking forfeited the first use of the bathroom allowing the other to go first. With 15 minutes left I was dying for a wee, all the liquids I had consumed were pushing down on my pee hole and I felt like I was seconds from bursting. A small drip escaped and I jammed my hand between my legs and pressed hard against my pussy to clamp it shut. It was only a drip, at least I hadn't started leaking yet, although I felt like I wasn't far off. Shadow starting squirming more and more and suddenly he grabbed himself and when he moved his hand there was a small wet patch on the front of his shorts.

I giggled and said “yay, looks like im going first”. Which was good news for me as seeing his wet patch had caused me to leak and I was getting closer to wetting myself. I sat up on the edge of the couch with my hand between my legs bouncing up and down waiting desperately for the film to finish. It couldn't come quick enough, as time passed the leaks turned into spurts and I was in danger of peeing right there. The film ended and the credits and began to roll and I jumped up to dash to the bathroom. He grabbed my hand and pulled me back onto the couch causing me to spurt. He shook his head and said “it hasn't done yet, you know the rules, wait until the end of the credits”. I resumed my bouncing desperately bouncing as I watched the names slowly roll up the screen.

A few minutes later the title menu appeared and I said “YES” and jumped up and headed for the door. I looked round before I exited the room to watch him squirm and grab himself for a moment. I could watch him like that forever but unfortunately my bladder was screaming for attention so I dashed off upstairs. I got to the bathroom and just flopped onto the toilet and let my bladder go straight through my little pink knickers. I sighed as the feeling of relief washed over me. I couldn't help but think about him sat downstairs waiting for me to finish so he could do the same. The thought sent my pussy into overdrive and I needed to give it attention.

Then my mind went on overdrive. I wasn't going to give it attention, he was, oh this would be good. I went back downstairs and he was stood at the tv putting the disc back in its case. I watched as his legs jiggled back and forward and he kept bending forward slightly. He turned round and said “oh good” and walked towards me and the door. As he reached me I grabbed his hand and pulled him in and kissed him. I told him I was really horny and needed attention and he winked and said “ooooo, well when I get back you will get all the attention you want”. He went to go out of the door and I said “no, I said I need attention.....and I need it now, if you give me the attention I crave then you can go”. He then realised what I was doing and said “oh you naughty girl, well you best hurry cos im about to burst”.

I laid down on the couch and lifted up my shirt revealing my pee soaked pink knickers. He leant down and kissed them sending shivers through me. His fingers started to rub against my throbbing pussy through my knickers and I laid back moaning. I stuck my leg between his legs and gently rubbed my foot against his cock. He winced and squirmed. As he rubbed my clit I suddenly felt a wetness on my foot and he groaned. I looked at him and knew he had just spurted. Watching him in his state of desperation and knowing he was starting to lose control was turning me on so much. I was in a pickle, I wanted to make him hold on and enjoy his desperation but I was enjoying his desperation too much and holding back my orgasm was going to be so hard.

Each time he lost a bit and my foot got wet it only made it so much harder and before long I was on the edge of orgasm desperately trying to hold It back. His spurts were getting closer together, I knew If I could hold out just a bit longer then he would burst and then I would have a sex slave to pleasure me all night. I was squirming just as much as him now as the pleasure surged through me as his fingers rubbed my clit. He started begging me to cum before he wet himself. Hearing the desperation in his voice was so sexy. I wasn't going to last much longer. I was going to cum any second. In my mind I was begging him to lose control, I needed to cum so bad.

Suddenly he stopped rubbing and I thought I had him, I looked down expecting to see him flooding his shorts with pee but instead he was just smiling at me. I wasn't sure what was up then he leant down and without warning his tongue slid into my pussy and my whole body bucked in response. I looked down, the sight of his head between my legs and his hand gripping his desperate cock almost made me cum. I closed my eyes and tried to think about something else, anything that would make move me away from the edge, but I couldn't, all I could think about was the pleasure surging through me like electricity and all I could hear were his groans each time he spurted.

“oh god baby, please cum for me, I need you to cum for me so so so bad, im wetting myself”.

My eyes widened, those words played in my head. Then I felt it, those were the words that were my going to be my downfall. I felt my orgasm building, the warm feeling spread from my pussy throughout my body in a wave then started to zone back towards my clit. I knew as soon as it hit my clit my whole body would be wrecked by orgasm and I tried everything to slow it down but nothing would work. Just before it hit I heard the sound of splashing and looked up to see pee dripping out of his shorts. This sight made the wave hit my clit and BOOM. Wave after wave of pleasure ripped through me, his tongue continued to ravage my pussy keeping the feeling going and going. Eventually the feeling died down and he stood up and I looked up at him. There was a huge wet patch on his shorts and pee was running down his legs. I thought he had burst but he was stood squirming and gripping his cock.

“Oh god I have to go now, I lost it for a moment there but managed to stop it” He went for the door but I grabbed him and pulled him on top of me. I wrapped my arms around him and squeezed tight causing pressure on his bladder. I watched as his cock danced around in desperation before spurts began to shoot out of it followed by the unstoppable flood. His pee felt amazing flowing over my belly and legs.

Eventually his bladder finished emptying and he sighed out in relief. I wasn't sure who had technically won. I thought he had lost control and peed before I came meaning I had won but then he was still holding. I decided to call us both winners as the sight of his hard throbbing pee covered cock was too tempting and I leant down and sucked it clean. He must have been as horny as I was as after only a few licks from my tongue his cock tightened and his cum came shooting out as he groaned in pleasure. We decided as we were both winners to be each others slaves and spent the rest of the evening engaged in naughty fun by the fireside.

*002*2014-11-06 17:49

{{ 

While just male desperation and wetting does not itself excite me, having a female tell the story of how she participated , and enjoyed it, always arouse me. Thank you Gemmy , for another awesome story !

}}

Well i'm glad you enjoyed it :)

*010*2014-11-08 16:50

{{ 

God this story is so hot. Fantastic writing, such a sexy situation. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing if you post more :)

}}

Thanks, im glad you liked it :)

{{ 

Great game, I would love to try it some day

}}

You should its such a turn on

{{ 

This was awesome! There's never enough male desperation around and the sexy parts just make it better :)

}}

I agree, we need more male desperation

{{ 

I thought she was never going to cum, my bladder was huge and hurt like hell, but thats when i love it the most

}}

Hee hee, you know i love it when you are bursting ;)

