Car trip female desperation

Author: Magiczny

*000*2013-09-09 22:15

Hi there, it will be a story from few months ago (sorry for my english, it's not my main language).

Last university year (i don't know how it's called properly) i was living in another town. I've got a car so when i was traveling back to my hometown i was picking up some friends to come with me too (they're from the same town). Distance between those towns are nearly 400km and there is one moment on this road without any gas station and toilet for like 50-60km and there are some traffic jams sometimes. 

I was going by this road with my girlfriend, my female friend and one male friend (i won't write names cause of privacy). My male friend was sleeping and he didn't even know that there was such a desperation in my car :). When we comes at the beginning to this part of the road without toilets my female friend told me she drunk so much coffee this morning that she needs to go a little bit and she asked me to pull over when we reach some toilet.

Unfortunately for her (and fortunately for me xD) we got stucked in a traffic jam for like 20-30 minutes. She was talking like every 5 minutes that she needs to go and there were no bushes on that road in that part so she can't just go outside the car cause all the berm was very visible to everyone. She was pleasing for a toilet and i was looking in the mirror few times to see her hand clutching her crotch :). 

After 15 minutes when we get out from the jam she told me to stop wherever i see any bush cause she can't hold it any longer (which i want to do with some hope to peek a little bit) but 1-2km later we saw a sign of gas station 2 minutes later so she decide to went pee there. When i stopped the car she leaped out the car and run into the toilet fastest as she can (and my hopes for looking at her while peeing disappeared :( ). 

I can't show that i was turned on with this situation cause my gf was with us in car. As a consolation when she comes back from toilet after few minutes there was a little pee spot between her legs which only I saw. My gf wasn't paying attention and my male friend was sleeping :P

I hope someone will enjoy this short story of mine. Sorry if there are some English or grammar mistakes :)

