IRC Wetting Contest! Maria-Sanza + Millan + Beatrix + Shoshana

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2012-04-27 20:22

A couple weeks ago, I started to frequent the IRC on this board. Millan and I thought that having a wetting contest would be a good idea, so that's what we did today in the morning! I've never actually done this sort of thing before. All of my kinks and pleasures have been solely personal, but it sounded like a fun idea so I thought, "Why not?"

I used the toilet yesterday before starting to prepare. I wanted to start out fresh, so I had two water bottles (0.5 L each) during a period of two hours. I started at 8 PM and went to bed at 1 AM. I didn't have any feeling of desperation and I had a very good sleep.

I was supposed to wake up at 7 in the morning the next day, but I slept for an extra hour. We were supposed to start at 9 AM, actually, but Millan finished her exam early. Very good timing at the IRC.

If you were there, we were squirming in our seats, and indulging in our personal pleasures! If you weren't, then this is a recap of what happened~ Make sure to check out the log too!

I had two more water bottles to drink during this time, and Beatrix joined us! Soshana was also around. By 9 AM, I felt a small tinge in my bladder... Nothing huge, but normally by this time I'd be going to the toilet.

###

The next hour was something else. The pressure built up so much and I was feeling so turned on as well. I couldn't keep my fingers off my naughty bits and it just felt so good and amazing. We were all desperate by this time, but I'd say that Beatrix felt the build-up much faster than any of us did! She went from feeling just fine to bursting in a few minutes! By this time I was tied between typing on the IRC and playing with myself.

I was so wet, but it wasn't pee at all. This made the situation worse because in addition to having to pee, I was also so aroused. But I couldn't help it ^//^

Originally I had thought of just wetting the chair I was sitting on, so I put some plastic on the seat and a towel right above it. But as time passed, I found it more and more difficult to stay sitting down, so I moved the towel onto the floor. I decided I would just do it standing up.

And then, I reached my limit. I spurted a little into my jeans and a few seconds later, I let out the flood. Amazing as usual, and I dropped to my knees as it soaked into the towel. It seemed like it'd never stop. I just continued peeing and I felt so hot all over. My heart was racing, my body all tingly, and within short time, I came.

Millan was the winner, but 12 minutes later, she also flooded her pants. It was so hot! During this time, I was playing with my naughty and wet bits with my massager. I still continued to wet myself; it was just so much! I came a few more times and I let myself drop onto the carpet. I was so comfortable and I closed my eyes...

Everything was so wet. My panties were completely soaked, and the towel was heavy from all of the pee... After lying there for a while, I stepped into the shower and cleaned myself up.

Thanks everyone, it was amazing and it felt great to share this with you all.

Chat Log + Picture at the bottom! Enjoy~

Log.txt

*009*2012-05-01 06:13

Thank you everyone! The response, overwhelming as always. I had so much fun!

*012*2012-05-01 18:40

Amazing writing as always, Millan~

We should do this again sometime!

