Wet panties in the shower

Author: jellybean18

*000*2015-10-13 06:27

Since I still live at home I'm always looking for new ways to have wet fun without my family finding out. This was an idea I had that happened just a few minutes ago.

Like most people on this site, I pee in the shower. It's fun and you can experiment with new positions without any mess. But one of the other things I also really like is leaving just my panties on while I wet myself. So I started the shower water, and while I was waiting for it to get hot I left on my panties and stepped just out of the spray of water. I had some coffee beforehand so my bladder was decently full, and hearing and seeing the shower was definitely increasing my urge. For a minute or two I had a little fun grabbing my crotch and dancing around like I was bursting (which is kind of fun even if you're not desperate), then I let it flow. The nice warm stream soaked my panties and my hand, which was still squeezing my crotch. There was a pretty big wet spot on them and I used my fingers to spread it around a little. It felt really good, but started cooling off quickly.

Once I finished peeing I stepped under the shower, still in my panties. I was only going to leave them on for a minute, just so I could rinse out the pee, but as soon as I felt the shower water reaching my panties it felt way too good to take them off. Every inch of them was soaked within seconds. The water just kept flowing through them, keeping them wet and warm and clingy. Honestly, it just felt AMAZING. I like desperation, but sometimes wetting is just as satisfying, and this felt like I was wetting my panties for about 10-15 minutes nonstop while I showered. I loved it.

After I was done I just wrung out the panties and now they're drying a little, and no one is the wiser (except for you all on the forums of course!). I'm definitely going to do that again. One idea I have for next time is getting the panties really cold and wet before I put them on so I can warm them up with a huge pee...I'll have to think about other ways I can have fun with this, I'm sure there are plenty.

