Finding the Evidence

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-08 07:31

Hello,

This is my first attempt at posting here. It relates to a true experience I had a few years ago and has been posted elsewhere, so please forgive me if you have read it before. I have some other experiences to post and also some fictional stories which have not been posted before. Please enjoy-

I had been sent out with two work mates to deliver a large American style fridge freezer. The destination was in the country, but I knew the way as I had done work in the vicinity before. At the back of my mind was a picture of the house I thought we were heading for. As far as I could remember it was quite small, with a narrow path and gates. I was doubting to myself whether the appliance would actually go through some of the gates.

On arriving at the house, my workmates echoed my concerns, as the house (it was basically a cottage) had a low front door and a narrow gate and path at the side, leading round to the rear. There was an extension on the back, with a door which looked at least a bit higher and wider than the one at the front. The man who lived at the house then came out and we explained that the fridge/freezer was quite a size and asked where he wanted it to go. He had realised himself that it wouldn’t go through the front door and that it would have to come in through the back. It then had to be taken along a passageway for most of the length of the house to the kitchen near the far end.

We unloaded it from the van, and after some serious struggling managed to get it through the gate, along the path and into the courtyard at the back. We then rested for a moment, before somebody suggested we had better measure the door. Sure enough, it was too narrow so we had to consider our options before finally deciding that if the house door was taken off, along with both doors from the fridge, it should just go through. We therefore looked out tools and whilst the householder and one of us removed the back door, myself and my other mate started on the fridge. We first had to unpack it, and to keep the area clear we through the packing in the door of a shed, which formed the end of the house.

We then took the doors off and started to move it into position. Then we realised that the washing machine, which stood opposite the back door would also be in the way, so the man moved it along as far as the hoses would allow, basically placing it in the opening of what looked like the bathroom door.

At last we could start to get the fridge moving, and soon had it in the first door. We then had a difficult turn to negotiate, and whilst we were doing so, a woman appeared round the end of the house, carrying two bags of shopping. I assumed she must be the lady of the house. She was in her late 50’s or early 60’s and was wearing a top and dark trousers. They were tight enough at the back to show of the outline of her knickers and a lovely firm bottom. All-in-all she looked quite attractive for her age.

She seemed flustered, however, and keen to get inside although we were blocking the way. As soon as the doorway was clear, she came in, set down the shopping and turned towards the bathroom. Then she stopped short as she saw the washing machine blocking the door. She moved from one side to the other, obviously looking for a way past, but there was none, as the machine took up all the width of the opening, and was too far in to allow anyone to edge past. She then gave a grunt of annoyance before hurrying out and back around the corner.

I didn’t think much of it at the time, as we were struggling to get the fridge lined up to go along the passageway, but in hindsight I should have realised at that point that she needed the loo. She had obviously been shopping, and had possible had some coffee at the same time, or may even have called on a friend and had afternoon tea. However, she next appeared behind her husband, who was at the inner end of the fridge, and tried to get his attention. He was too busy helping us, as the fridge needed the four of us to move it. She had to step back and stand in a bedroom doorway to allow us to get past, but we had to stop outside the bedroom for a moment to untangle the light fitting which had caught the corner of the fridge. She whispered something to her husband which I didn’t catch, but I did hear him say “Sorry love, You’ll have to wait. I’m busy here.”

We cleared the light fitting and got clear of the bedroom door. The woman had been standing with her legs crossed and had been glancing around the room, as if she had been looking for something. It was just a small room in a traditional cottage, with a bed and a few items of furniture. There was certainly no en-suite toilet where she could relieve herself. As soon as we cleared the door she rushed out again, back toward the back door. We now had come across a door in the passageway which would also have to come off, so I went back outside to get the tools. As I did so I came across the woman at the bathroom door, still trying to see if she could find a way past the washing machine. As I gathered the tools she stopped and looked as if she was going to say something, but didn’t so I went back inside to remove the door.

The door was removed and we finally got the fridge into place in the kitchen. AT this point there was no sign of the woman. Whist the others assembled the shelves and made sure everything was ok, I went out to fetch a door for the fridge, as they had been left propped against the outside wall of the shed, close to the door. As I came out of the passage way and turned the corner to go out the back door, I caught sight of the woman disappearing into the shed. She was moving quickly, and had one hand pressed into her crotch.

By the time I passed the shed door, which was now closed, I could hear the sound of the packing I had thrown in earlier being moved. This was followed by a clattering sound, as if a space were being cleared amongst tins and boxes. My mates and the husband were still inside, so I decided to take my time, as I was curious to what might be happening. The next I knew I heard a female voice from behind the shed door. She was muttering an gasping to herself before I heard her exclaim “Oh no! No! – Oh shit!” This was followed by a hiss and a splashing sound, then the sound of water filling a plastic container.

I then had to go with a door. When I went back out for the next one, the husband came with me to fetch a spanner which had been left outside when we took the doors off. She must have heard his voice, as she opened the shed door far enough to poke her head out and call him over. Again she whispered something to him and he said “Which ones?”, to which she replied “Any will do. Just take some from my drawer.” With that she shut the door again and he came over and handed me the spanner and went back inside. I took the other door in, and on the way I met him coming out, carrying something white which he opened the door and gave her.

We soon had the fridge assembled and the lady appeared. This time she looked relaxed and was clearly pleased with her new appliance. She was chatting to us and offered to make everyone a cup of tea. Whilst she did so, my mates helped the man replace the doors to the house, whilst I took the opportunity to volunteer to gather up the packaging band return it to the van. On entering the shed I noticed that the packaging had been moved further into the building. I then noticed a plastic bucket on the floor near the door. I gently closed the door and looked in the bucket. It had a few inches of liquid in it, and when I felt the sides they were warm. There were also some splashes in the dust on the floor in front of the bucket, and a wet line leading from them to the bucket itself. Some liquid was still trickling down the front of the bucket above the line on the floor.

So it was now clear that the woman had indeed been desperate to pee, and had been forced to use the bucket, as she had been unable to get into the bathroom. From the splashes and trail on the floor she must have been absolutely bursting to the extent that she had been going before she got in position above it. Then I noticed something else. On the floor, a few feet away from the bucket, lay a crumpled up pair of knickers. They were beige or skintone, full cut Marks and Spencer (do all you mature ladies buy yours there?) and looked as if the could have been control briefs (or shapewear I believe is the modern name.)

I picked then up out of curiosity and found that the lined area at the gusset was soaking wet and still warm, and that there was a wet line from the gusset along the back up to the waistband. So the lady hadn’t made it after all! She must have been so desperate that she had started to pee before getting her knickers down, and had continued to pee whilst pulling them down, hence the wet line up the back. It would also explain the splashes and line on the floor, which must have been caused before she got in place over the bucket. I seriously considered taking them away with me, but she would have known who would have taklen them, so I placed them back where i had found them. Her husband must have brought her dry knickers and that ould have been what she called him over for.

I cleared up the packaging, had one last look at the scene and went back into the house to get my tea. When I went in the woman blushed slightly, possibly guessing what I had found. She said nothing however, and after our teas we left, having been given each a generous tip. I never mentioned my find to my mates, but often think about it, my only wish being that Ihad gone to the shed a little sooner!

