Wetting Stress Relief

Author: WarmPants

*000*2013-02-21 19:07

I did this yesterday, but i couldnt get it typed up in time before my flatmate got back so here it is now, and what happened. Hope you enjoy.

I had been up for a couple of hours this morning, still haven’t had a pee yet, and in the morning i always need to pee, but this morning, i haven’t graced the toilet yet and i am feeling some pressure building, i know if i go to the toilet i will release quite easily.

I awoke this morning to find my underwear dry, which im pretty gutted about, as normal, i will go for a pee before i go to sleep at night, but last night, i never, i went for a pee a couple of hours before i went to sleep, whilst topping up my vodka n coke, in the hope that when i awoke this morning, i may be wet, but unfortunately not, which is why i decided to have a hold and wet later today when i have the house to myself and be able to just let go.

Last night i put two maxi pads in my boxer shorts, for a hopeful wetting, but as i awoke this morning, nothing, so i laid in bed for quite a while, about an hour and a half before i decided to get up. I had my morning erection to welcome me into the day, which i could feel against the maxi pad, nice n snug n warm, but as i put my hand in my shorts, thats when i realised i was dry, maybe a little morning moistness, but dry. Oh well it means my flatmate wouldn’t find me feeling humiliated if she walked in and found me soaked in my own pee. She wouldn’t understand, believe me ive tried to talk sex and fetishes, but she changes the subject every time. But i lay there for a while, and had a stroke, but without going near the edge, i just enjoyed the feeling, since the plan is to wet first, cum later.

So after a good nights rest, and a walk down our local main street for some essentials this morning, which was a brave move for me, i still wear the pads i put on last night. I kept them on as i went out for the household essentials. On the journey, i felt strange being out in broad daylight, wondering if anyone could see the bulge of the maxi pads, since they were extra thick, between my legs, in my cream coloured, denim styled trousers. It felt kinda weird too between my legs, as i walked around, i felt a soft pressing of the pads against my higher inner thighs, it was comfortable, and it moved from left to right as i walked, making me feel as if

I had a wiggle on my bum.. I felt kinda weirldly sexy and turned on by it, but i felt strangely conscious of people behind me, just incase they saw the bulge of the pads in these tight fitting trousers. On the journey, i felt the pads move around, and started to concern my self, if one slipped out my boxers, down my trouser leg, would i be able to conceal it without people on the street noticing.....

Oh what a bummer that would be, getting caught in the middle of the street, pulling a maxi pad from your trouser leg, the thought scared me a little, but thrilled me at the same time, thinking to myself, that no one really knew what i was wearing, and as i looked at other people from time to time, i would try to see if anything similar was visible on them, to ease my own fears, my ex always asked me when going out, if i could see her maxi pad through her trousers, even if i could see it, i would reply, no, because i liked the look of it on her bum. I am considering diapers/nappys, incase i do go out next time and they do fall out. I did pass a chemist on the way, but couldn’t go in, as i don’t know what size of nappies to get, but i could also feel the thrill, thinking about going in.

Maybe next time, i will get some courage to go in. Anyway i made my way back to relax for a bit and type this up.

10:38am

At the moment i feel warm and snug inside the maxi pad, and i also feel the pressure building up inside, i could pee easily if i wanted to, i feel a slight pain in my bladder, but nothing too difficult to deal with, im drinking some coca cola, might make some coffee shortly.

11:38

Pressure building, i can feel the pressure coming in waves and tingling, i keep squeezing as if to squeeze a little out, but nothing, but its on the way, can feel a tickle at the edge of my penis, enjoying my tea instead of coffee, im off to make another cup in a minute.

12.20

Dont think im drinking enough, she has just left to go out and its still bearable, time for a pint of water. Funny thing is, just before she left, she sat down, and by accident let out a fart, and i turned and asked, just to check, ‘Did you fart there?’.

She says, ‘Yes, and i think i might have peed myself slightly’.

Well i just had to smile, having heard that, though she looked a little awkward at me and said, ‘Some people don’t likethat’.

I replied, ‘Well i do, its nice’.

Though feeling awkward in saying it, i shyed to the floor, feeling a bit of shame, or in a hope that she might show some interest.

But she replied, ‘Well if it was you sitting on a train, and you wet yourself, you wouldn’t like it knowing you have just wet yourself in public, it wouldn’t be nice for you.....

I just smiled and thought to myself, shes not into it, and thought i could try that one day, but id need a nappy for that, and my thoughts went to thinking of our community that does like wetting in public. Hmmm.... and that she had no clue of what i was going to do when she left.

1300

Drinking lots of water, and my bladder is filling, having some play in pushing some pee and stopping before it drips out in the pad, some does escape and drips into the pad, so i have to drink more water.

13.17

Ive had a few cups of water, and i can feel the pressure really building, i could go any minute now, but im gonna hold some more, and have some more water. Feeling my stomach cramping up now, hope she doesn’t come back early. I want to flood this place. Its hurting, and im squirming.

I down the cup of water i have in my hand, feeling it going straight through my body and heading south towards my bladder. As i was filling up my cup in the kitchen, i felt the pressure get worse, i knew it wason the way. I quickly drank the cup of water as fast as i could, taking a couple of breathes in between, whilst stood at the sink i could feel thepressure getting worse, and sorer on my stomach, i started arching trying to push on to my bladder but made it worse, i was hurting, i thought i was going to go, but regained myself control, an sipped more from the cup, before drinking most of it, as i knew i was about to burst into my underwear.

I made my way to the toilet, where i knew i would be safe, yeah i shoulda endangered myself, and stayed put, but i knew i couldn’t hold for much longer, time was running out, and my penis was about to give way, as i took breathes, clutching my stomach, i managed to unbutton my trousers, and make sure my pads were in place, in my boxers, i took breathes, as i knew it was time to wee, i stood, and buttoned holding my stomach, squirming, hopping from one leg to the other.

Settling myself to let go, i pulled myself straight up holding on to the sink, with one hand and my stomack with the other, i gradually let myself go, easing the pain in my stomach, into my pads the pee soaked my pad more and more, as i felt the warmth surround my penis, which started to get erect, preventing the constant flow of pee coming out and i stopped, to look at the damage so far.... Inside my boxers, the pads had taken quite a soaking, with my penis pressed hard against the pads trying to get out, not knowing whether to wank till i came, or pee. Stuck between two needs, i could still feel very strong tension from having to pee. On the outside i could see on my cream trousers, a slightly soaked stain, with a couple of dribbles, down the insides of them, the dark wet dribbles watermark on the light trousers.

My legs started to shake with the anticipation of having to try and continue to pee myself, i was bursting but i couldnt let go, standing, shaking, holding on to the sink beside me, i could feel my body trembling all over. I could feel my hot pee soaked against my sac and penis. I put my hand in my shorts and pressed onto the lower part of my stomach, whilst feeling the warm wetness inside.

I relaxed, again, as the pressure started to release as i started peeing again, still trembling, feeling feelings of euphoria echo through my blood, feeling the pee soak through my pads, drench my underwear, as the dark stain grew bigger on my trousers, my pee dribbled down my leg, and some, so dripped from my legs down my feet, onto the floor. I could the smell the distinct scent my own pee has, which has the usual pissy fragrance which i love, either wet or dried in, something i do love the scent of when i go down on a lady, although, i smell kinda musky, there is a sweet scent that really turns me on. I sat on the toilet seat, still trembling, as i hear the dripping of pee dribble into the toilet, still letting go what left in my bladder.

As i look down, i can see my whole groin area, soaked in pee, my own pee. I start rubbing the wet pee with my hands over my groin area, the warm soaking wet feeling in my pants was a comfort as the saturated pads pressed against me, as i rubbed myself slowly to and fro through my trousers, feeling my hands getting soaked, lifting my t-shirt and drying my hands on my tummy. The scent rose through the air in the toilet, still rubbing myself slowly with one hand, and groaning, i put the other hand back inside my pants where the hot mushy soaked feeling took me over, feeling of security and warmth, splashing my fingers into the soaked pad, to be even naughtier, i decided to lick my fingers, which i did, tasting my own pee from them, which tasted kinda apple juice, not bad compared to what people make up about it. Before you judge, don’t knock it till you’ve tried it.

Anyway i enjoy sampling my own juices, just to see how im doing down there. At that i finished off any peeing left to do, and pust my hand back in my trousers, wanking off in my wet shorts and pads, enjoying every slow stroke, my hand getting soaked, the more turned on i got, the faster i rubbed until i pulled my pee covered penis out of my shorts, and finished myself off on my legs where the cum shot, as i could feel it running down my legs. Out of breathe, fallen back against the toilet, legs stretched out, saturated, i stared at the ceiling as i tried to gain composure.

I sat there feeling dirty, in my pissed trousers and boxer shorts, with cum, dripping down my leg,and running over my already soaked penis from the tip, down my shaft, i couldn’t help, but put some on my finger and have a taste too, some guys, don’t like the taste of their own cum, but i do, i love kissing and sharing after being sucked off. Juicy every time, maybe a little salty, and musky, but tasty. Im going off topic, but it tasted just yummy, bow having the taste of my own cum and pee in my mouth, feeling dirty, and as if i had just been willingly abused by myself, what a secret slut i am in my lonely fetish. This would not be a good time for my flat mate to walk in on me. When she gets home, she always heads for the bathroom, and since there is no lock on the door, she would probably barge straight in for a pee, and if she saw me sitting there, i would be labelled a weirdo, there and then. Thank goodness she didn’t.

I did walk around for a bit as i loaded the washing machine, feeling my soaked wet underwear rubbing against me as i moved about, but i was wary of her return at some point in the next hour. Enjoying the feeling of walking around the house in my wet clothes, i was getting paranoid of getting caught, so i soon got the washing on after getting out of my wet clothes, i jumped in the shower and just peed there, before washing up and cleaning up any mess, just in time for her return.

As she did return, she headed straight to the toilet, where i was again, emptying more of the fluids as i do in a ‘normal’ fashion, she walked straight in, asked me too hurry, as she thought she was going to pee herself, for some reason i freeze, when someone watches me pee, which i did, and i got an erection, which makes it harder to pee, i stood and got it under control, finished and left, as she ran in and told me she already did it in her pants a little, i always smile when she says that, and wish she would let me investigate. She got into position, pulling her knickers and trousers down, which i got a glance of, nice view.She put the seat down, and i think it was the only place i missed to clean, as i heard her shriek, and breathe, oh fuck, i think she mustve sat on the wet toilet seat i forgot to clean, oops, well, i said nothing, and neither did she.......

Hope you enjoyed this story, all the very best, rate it up if you enjoyed my experience, and feel free to comment, good or bad welcome.

Thank You

*003*2013-02-22 11:27

Cheers guys, glad you enjoyed, i certainly enjoyed doing it, and writing it out as i relived it.

