Desperate Cute Twitch Streamer

Author: peedipe

*000*2015-08-20 09:44

I'm fairly new to the site and this is my first 'topic starter' so I hope I get everything right.

I was watching a Twitch stream last night and the male streamer is quite handsome. I'm male myself and straight, but I have to admit he's good looking and has a nice personality.

Anyway, he was streaming a speed run of Dark Souls and as he played the game, he was hitting all his checkpoints (they call them 'splits') with good time. About halfway through, he started to need the toilet and said so. As time went on, and the speed run was more and more succesful, he started to get really desperate and it became a topic in the chat. At the end, he was jiggling around, couldn't concentrate or focus, his face was sweating, his arms were going numb (according to him) and all that usual stuff. I could see, myself, that he was doing that thing where you phase out and can't focus on one thing for more than a few seconds.

Towards the end he was getting quite vocal and stressed out. He couldn't quit the speed run because it went on to be a personal best and only missed the world record by 9 seconds or something. I think one of the things he said was, "I haven't been able to focus for like, the past fifteen minutes!"

People in the chat were telling him to just piss his pants and telling him it was okay and understandable, etc. If anything, it was seen as a great and brave sacrifice for the speed run. I don't know if he leaked or anything like that, be he eventually finished the run and shortly after rushed to the bathroom.

I could provide a link to the Past Broadcast and the times to watch, but I'm not sure if that's allowed here rather than the Video Links Forum (where I can't post yet anyway). It was an interesting experience for me but didn't turn me on or anything due to being straight. But if it was a girl, I would have loved it. I think it's quite rare to see someone on camera so desperate and in a situation where they genuinely can't use the toilet, especially someone not into omo who wouldn't think to engineer a situation like that, and to give a commentary of the experience.

*003*2015-08-25 12:34

Because the streamer beat his personal best time, he posted the video on Youtube, so luckily it will stay up a bit longer than the Twitch VODs. Here's the link to the video. I think he first mentions needing the bathroom after about 58:09, and then goes on to become quite desperate, as mentioned in my original post.

%https://youtu.be/u6qvUPf-O0w?t=3489

