Girl I knew in high school

Author: omoking

*000*2015-10-18 22:37

Hello people of omo.org this is omoking and today I will tell you about an experience I witnessed in high school. I was in my junior year at the time and this girl was one that I had a bit of a crush on. I had just come back from an all-day school trip and the first thing I saw when I got to my part of the school to pack up for the day was this latina girl who I shall call Lexi running down the hall and frantically trying to open the door to the girl's bathroom which was locked to prevent loitering and she tried to get one of the staff to unlock it for her to no avail so in the end I was forced to unlock it for her even though I honestly wanted to see this girl wet herself. As it was she was on the verge of wetting and i'm not going to lie if I had not unlocked the door she probably would have. I still fantasize about it sometimes

*002*2015-10-19 01:44

{{ 

Ever heard of this thing called grammar? I hear it makes stories greatly more readable.

}}

This is my first time so I apologize if it did not come out that great

*005*2015-10-19 04:32

{{ 

Literally three lines without any stopping. Simply amazing!

}}

This was my first time doing this cut me a little slack

*007*2015-10-19 13:39

{{ 

Lol all good man. Good story, just add some space so it looks a bit prettier.

}}

Thanks

*010*2015-10-19 14:24

{{ 

Awesome experience! It's the ultimate conflict between fetish and morals, we all naturally have to choose morals, I have my fair share of my experiences helping desperate girls get to a toilet.

Also, don't worry about what the others say. Just purely curious, is English your main language?

}}

Yes it is it's just this is my first time posting so of course I made some mistakes

*012*2015-10-19 14:27

Thanks

*014*2015-10-19 17:57

{{ 

We still love you!

}}

Thanks

*016*2015-10-19 22:56

{{ 

Well I thought it was nice! regardless of the grammer.

Its funny how moments like these often stick in our minds. Some of my most vivid memories seem to be of a wetting/near wetting accident. I mean, I remember everyone vividly. Strange!

}}

Thanks

I mean that for me this is the closest I've come to seeing a girl wet herself

*018*2015-11-02 18:55

Hello omoking here I have another experience from high school that I would like to share. This was during my second year and it involved the same girl that I discussed in my first post who I will be calling Lexi. We were taking a rather long geometry test and a few minutes in Lexi asked the teacher who was in the room with us for the test if she could go to the bathroom because she apparently hadn't been able to go during lunch and she had been holding it all day. This peaked my attention naturally and I was rather distracted during the test itself. Throughout the period I took peeks of her and I could see that she was fidgeting in her seat. 

At this point i'm thinking that she won't last until the test is over and at this point I start to hear soft moaning from her. A short time later Lexi raises her hand and asks the teacher who was giving us the test if she could go to the bathroom saying that it was an emergency. The teacher said no and told her to wait until the test was over at which she just sat back down in defeat. By than I had finished the test and I started watching every move she made and I saw that she was holding herself with one hand and she couldn't stand still at all. Eventually she managed to finish the test and she ran off to the bathroom. She actually made it as she came back five minutes later though I will be honest with you that is the closest I have ever come to actually seeing a girl wet herself.

