Jump Scare Wetting :D

Author: wetpantsu

*000*2013-01-19 03:23

I Was 13 around the time in grade 6 It happened when downloaded some game called Slender or something there were a bunch of slender games i downloaded, the original and than another 7 other ones under a series called Slender's shadow which were insprired from the original, anyway, my friend came over who happened to be a girl who was 13 as well as me. and i just finished downloading all the slender games which i was about to dive into (i don't get scared from horror games mind you just mildly startled) but this girl (will remain nameless in case they google their name somehow and find this) was horrified and really scared of horror games and jump scares all the same so anyway she rang the door bell.

And i answered it and she said "hai" in her familiar voice and was wearing short blue shorts and a white top, she had brown somehwhat long hair in a pony tail and i told her i downloaded some really cool games and i wanted her to try them. (this idea to make her play these slender games popped into my mind as she hates horror games and it would be funny to startle her), she had never heard of them where as i had seen some youtube videos on it) anyways i was going to make her play it without telling her about it. she asked if it was scary i said no. (troll face)

And casully we went to my computer room where i had it ready from where i was about to play it. i was starting up slender the eight pages and she said it looked scary i told her to sit in my master chair and put on my head phones. (yes it's epic) just to inform you how the game works so you dont get confused, the goal is to collect 8 pages without being caught by this thing called slenderman (guy in a black suit with a white face, google it if you don't know) anyway she is quite familiar with the controls for most PC games (A,S,W,D) I Told her how to use your flashlight in the game and sprint etc. 

Anyway she seemed to know what she was doing. (she was scared the whole time mind you and it was really hard to convince her to play it) but little did she know i had my hands behind her in a sort of claw shape ready to startle her once a scare happenes in the game. after about 5 minutes she had 6/8 pages at this point slenderman pursues you crazily and i was waiting for the perfect moment to startle her little did i know she had to pee she had been moving around like crazy but i thought it was because she was scared...

Anyway i told her to look behind her in the game, she said no because she knew it was behind her. she was just turning a corner in the game and slenderman fortunately was right there and once you spot him close up a LOUD piano noise plays mainly to startle you and warn you that you have looked at him anyway right when she turned the corner in game and i heard that piano sound i slammed my hands on her shoulders and she jumped and screamed as expected i got her good! as well as Slenderman! it was the best moment ever i love scaring people! but little did i know in those seconds she was peeing herself right in my chair...

I heard the pelting of her pee hitting the chair and boy she had ALOT of pee, her ass was completely soaked and so was the chair and the floor below. her face was red and she was very mad at me she said the her parents would be angry at her if they found out and she would be embarassed. she said it was my fault so now i had to clean up the mess she left her shorts completely soaked i got a towel and mopped up her mess and she left saying that she would be in huge trouble after i cleaned most of the mess off the floor and both the chair i put the pee soaked rag into a closet and shut down my computer. I was completely turned on by the whole event and the next day she phoned me and said that she made it to her bedroom and changed and showered without being caught she said i was lucky that she didn't get into trouble. After that we continued to be friends until after grade 8 when high school came we went seperate ways and unfortunately we never really saw each other again.

Unfortunately this was my only experience with a girl wetting herself, i have yet to see more

Sorry this is pretty much my first post i should have space it out into paragraphs but i was too lazy :p also sorry if i make any typos i typed this kind of in a rush but i read over it and check over it. also i did not have the pee fetish at that time unfortunately. otherwise i would have completely lost it.

*005*2013-01-23 11:50

Lol this was a few years ago when it happened but still funny

*010*2013-01-25 07:53

Apprently everyone is confused just to clear the air different slender game!

