Movie Theater Blunder With Girlfriend :)

Author: Luna Love

*000*2014-08-15 01:25

So, hello everyone it's me Luna Love, and it's actually been a long time since I shared one of my stories with you guys...I'm also gonna share something I actually have not told anyone from this site :P

First off, back a month or so ago I believe is when I posted a old story of mine involving my friends and a sleep over with quite a dare xD... Well, I guess I should just say it nothing to be ashamed of, shortly after the events of the story maybe 3 months or so, me and Avary started to date *blush*... Me and her have been dating ever since all these years late :)... Well this story I'm about to share with you guys involves Avary.

So moving on, to set the scene This happened only two weeks after me and Avary started to get involved in out relationship. Me and her as a normal couple hung out with each other quite a bit. Most of our friends knew me and her where now both as we call it bisexual, and or lesbian since no one really knew if we would stay together as Lesbian or still like guys. Okay enough of the little back story and whatnot, onto the actual events that took place :)...

It was a little trip to the movies as all normal friends/couples would do for fun or a date. Well, I don't quite remember the movie we went and saw it was some mushy love story crap, which honestly I was, and still am not very into as much as normal girls. Well, it started off with me picking her up at her house, and this time I decided I wouldn't wear a diaper mainly because I had this naughty little idea of pleasing Avary with lets say a little accident. Avary herself was kinda into Omorashi herself which is I guess why I was attracted to her, since all my friends accepted my issues with my bladder and so on, but Avary was the only one I knew off to actually enjoy seeing me have accidents and thought it was cute of me xD...

So, once we got to the movies we bought the tickets and course For my plan to work I had to buy a large coke, because you know if it was not already hard enough for me to avoid wetting myself through a Two hour movie, may as well add a sugary beverage to speed up the process and make sure I have a accident. I bought one, and Avary bought one as well since she was thirsty she claimed at that time. We got into the theater and took our seats about 5 minutes before the previews where to start, and to my pleasure me and Avary where the only ones in the theater besides a middle aged women all the way in the back.

The movie started after like ten minutes of previews and by then I had drank half my coke, and could already feel it filling my bladder. The movie was moving along fast at the beginning until it got to it's slow romantic mushy stuff blah blah blah, it was like 45 minutes into the film and I was pretty un interested by it's content. I looked over at Avary who had finished her coke, while I had slowed down on drinking hoping to maybe wait until we where outside the theater to do my naughty little accident. What shocked me a little looking over at her was she was squirming around in her seat holding her crotch with one hand. To me I knew she had to pee and I wondered why she just didn't go use the bathroom. Although at the time I didn't say anything for me she looked so cute doing this I didn't want to stop her.

I finally had finished my coke fully by the time the movie was maybe 20 minutes till ending, and I honestly had to pee very badly, I was sitting there squirming slightly but nothing to obvious because I didn't want to give it away to Avary, who at this point was still sitting there squiring with a hand in her crotch, the other hand was on top of mine since we started to hold hands after a little scene in the movie *blush*... Honestly nothing exciting happened until the end of the film by then the middle aged women had left and it was just me and Avary left in the theater as the credits roled ever so slowly... It was still dark, and my bladder by now was aching and ready to be relieved of it's duties of holding my over sized load of pee. I thought I wanted to leave and get to the parking lot before I had my little accident in front of her...

Well, I whispered to Avary something like alright cutsie let's get out of here (my way of flirting *blush*)... She looked up at me with her heart melting eyes and said “Ummm, I-i-i can't get up...” I asked her what was wrong and then she moaned and shoved two hands into her crotch, and several moments later she looked up at me and smiled, and got up as I saw a large wet spot all over the crotch of her jeans... I stared at her in shock can't believing she just had an accident in front of me... What she did next was even more shocking... She kissed me on the lips... the kiss lasted a good fifthteen seconds.

All the time we where kissing my bladder gave away from shock, and the fact I was to distracted from the kiss. I felt the warmth flow out of my bladder and mix with the warmth of the pee from Avary's accident I was warm all over from my lower regions being flooded with pee and the upper body of Avary's warm body, and all the way up to my lips from the kiss... After we stopped kissing I was still peeing as I held Avary in my arm, she whispered in my ear saying “wait you had a accident?” seeing as she figured I had a diaper on since I usally do.

I finally stopped peeing into my pants after maybe 30 seconds. Maybe two minutes went by of me and Avary standing there in a warm hug, the warmth on my crotch was still there and all the love I felt was so much. Finally the lights came on in the theater and me and Avary left and went to the parking lot... Once I got to the car I couldn't help but reach over to Avary and kiss her on the cheek, and I don't know about Avary but I re wet my pants with a little something other than pee... :)

Well, that is my story I hope you guys enjoyed... I honestly still think it was the best day of my life, it was the first kiss I shared with someone of the same sex as me, and it was the first time I had a accident along with Avary... Thank you for reading and have a wonderful day <3 Luna

*002*2014-08-15 03:19

{{ 

Very nice story. Heartwarming and sexy too. <3

}}

Thanks :D <3

*004*2014-08-15 04:37

{{ 

You hope we enjoyed? Yes, definitely yes. Great story. You're both very lucky to have found each other and be able to share.

}}

Glad you enjoyed, and yes i'm very lucky i found avary :)

*009*2014-08-18 12:06

{{ 

Great story. Your expierence reminds me of something that would happen in a romantic mushy movie like the one you and Avary were watching. Ironic huh?

}}

Thanks, and yeah it is kinda ironic this happened at a romantic movie, mainly considering i really don't like mushy movies, but all the events that happened that night was mushy.

