A Night To Calm Me Down

Author: Krystal

*000*2016-02-05 02:24

Warning : Big Hero Six spoilers (only a warning to those who have not seen the movie)

The past few days had been very horrible to me.

I had broken up with my girlfriend just before our two year anniversary, I had gotten fired from my job, and to top it all off I have to find a new place to live by the end of February!

Luckily I have some great friends here, some who I even consider family. OmoCommando and frostyjr2 had been talking to me for the past few days and had helped me settle down and calm myself (I am no good when it comes to stress). Just last night I couldn't sleep; I kept tossing and turning on the bed unable to drift off.

Every now and then, I would get up and get a drink not really paying attention to how much my bladder was filling up. No matter what I did, I just couldn't sleep, so I just came online and talked to frostyjr2 again.

It was around 4.30 am. I started drinking the Apple and Blackcurrant juice; I was only about a 4/10 at this point and I got bored so I put on a movie.

It was Big Hero Six ,(Bay-max is so cute isn't he ^^). I had never seen it before and I luckily managed to catch it at the start of the movie. I loved the bot fighting scene, i thought it was very well played and the animation was great.

I found myself getting lost in the story, and by the time it got to them getting out of jail I had already had two more drinks and it started to work a bit of magic on my bladder.

My desperation level had shot up to a 8/10, and I could feel all of the juice swishing around every time I got up to get another drink or turned around to grab my iPad to see if Frosty had messaged me back. In fact, she had and it made me blush as she had called me pretty (don't worry, we weren't flirting; she had just commented on a picture I showed her).

In case you're curious, I was wearing my favorite nighty, the sleeveless one that's white with a pretty black pattern going around the bottom and the arm holes which only goes just past my knees.

Anyhow, I finally couldn't deny a certain signal that I had been ignoring most of the morning.

At this point I had spoken to frosty about my not sleeping.

She was worried because I had not slept much in the past couple of days and suggested I get some rest. I asked her how and she came up with the idea that wetting myself might help me sleep.

She thought once my bladder was relaxed and empty of any liquid, I would be able to sleep soundly.

Pretty soon I was at a 9/10 and already squirming uncontrollably on the couch at the point in the movie where Bay-max is really low on battery and he is upstairs petting the cat calling it a 'fluffy baby' which made me giggle a lot. That had my stomach muscles hurting a little... it's little bits of comedy like that I find super funny, and my bladder was telling me that if I didn't stop laughing all of its contents would come out right then and there!

I eventually calmed down and sorted out my laughing to notice that i had my legs crossed tightly the whole time. I decided to challenge myself and see how long I could stay at the state of 10/10 without crossing my legs anymore so I moved from the couch to the wooden floor and sat with my legs open (Omg that sounds so wrong, but it's not meant to be wrong... if that makes any sense, LOL).

I continued to watch the movie a bit more and I saw I had another message from my sister.

While reading it, I had a sudden spasm in my bladder causing me to leak into my white and black striped panties. It wasn't enough to do any major damage to them, but enough came out that I knew that I should probably move to the bathroom and finish up in the shower. That way I could clean up easily afterwards and head straight to sleep.

On the way to the bathroom I had another much stronger bladder spasm that caused me to let out a small stream this time. Still, even while keeping my legs open I had managed to keep it under control and finish making my way to the bathroom.

In the bathroom I had checked the damage to my underwear to see that a fairly large wet spot had appeared. Knowing I was reaching my limit, I stepped into the shower and waited for the next spasm. It wasn't long in coming either. Suddenly I could feel something building up that I wouldn't be able to control this time, and just thinking about it made me rapidly shift my weight from leg to leg each second ... and then it came, my last spasm. I could feel everything that was in my bladder come gushing out, it didn't even have time to form before it was already coming out like a heavy waterfall ! It pattered hard onto the surface of the bathtub and i didn't even feel it building up but by the time it was almost over I had already reached an orgasm.

I moaned louder than I should have but I didn't care, because the relief felt amazing.

After my orgasm had passed, I calmed down and regained control of myself and I undressed and turned the shower on, making sure to wash my private parts and legs. Then, after I knew i was clean and smelling nice i went back to the couch, said 'night to frosty and very quickly fell asleep, I didn't even wake up until 1 pm .

:P.

Thanks for reading everyone

Krystal~

*004*2016-02-05 15:59

Thank you for all your comments ^_^ your too kind :P

Riptide , I love your pp :) what episode of the anime are you up to ?

Rachel , thank you for the hug , I do like hugs aha xD

And big sis , and thank you again ^_^ love you loads xx <3

*007*2016-02-06 14:01

Riptide - I'm up to episode 728 can't wait for Sunday for the next episode :)

Wet set - yeah , I'm so glad frosty had suggested it to me , it really helped me sleep , I was out like a light aha ^_^

