An experience I had earlier today (messing)

Author: Overlord

*000*2015-06-22 09:15

So, anyway, today I pooped my pants for my daughter. Yep... So, earlier today, we went out to lunch at this newer restaurant that recently opened up. My daughter (13 yo) and I love, love, LOVE Mexican food, and that's what this restaurant served. Anyway, we took a seat in a booth, and the waiter brought us some chips to eat before we ordered our meals. They tasted delicious, and finally the waiter came back to take our orders. The servings there were huge, so my daughter and I decided that we'd split one of their large chimichanga burritos and get a side of beans.

After waiting for what seemed like forever, our food finally arrived, and, boy, did it look scrumptious! Within 10 minutes, the two of us had bloated ourselves after finishing it. I paid the bill, and we decided we'd go do a bit of shopping. I let her decide where we'd go, and like any other 13 year old girl, she wanted to go to this one clothing shop that was 'popular' among her friends. I relented, and we browsed their stock for a while. She tried on just about every dress that was there, and a few things caught my eyes as well.

After we were there for about an hour, I felt a bad feeling in my stomach. I needed the bathroom. Bad. I told my daughter that we needed to leave soon, and she said that she only wanted to try on a 'few' more dresses. 15 minutes pass, and my stomach feels like its about to explode. My daughter walks over with a slightly worried look on her face. "Ugh...Mom, I really need to go to the bathroom," she whispered, holding about 7 outfits in her hands. "Number one or number two?" I asked. She held up her pointer and middle fingers, indicating number 2. "You too? Well, let's get in line then," I said something similar to this. We got in the line, and, to my luck, there were about 10 people in front of us. Great. At this point, I was considering just running and using one of the store's bathrooms, but those are so disgusting! Besides, our home was only about 10-15 mins away.

I'm a 39 year old women, I thought. I should be able to control my bowels. Finally, we were at the front of the line, and Julia started bouncing around a bit. Once the clothes were all paid for, we dashed for the car. When we got in, my daughter looked at me right in the eyes. "Mooooom, can you please hurry?" she moaned as I started the car. I informed her that I also really needed to go, but I'm not sure how much she was listening. I squeezed my cheeks together as I steered the car home. When we were about 5 minutes away, my daughter decided to inform me of "how bad she needed to pee", which didn't help me at all. My leg was bouncing up and down in the car; omg I had to go so bad! Finally, we arrived home, and we raced to the one toilet in the house.

Both of us halted at the door and looked at each other. I had one hand on my butt, trying to hold it just a bit longer; meanwhile, both of her hands were buried in her crotch. We looked at each other confused for a moment; we couldn't decide who should go in. At that point, a small wet patch appeared on the front of her jeans. "Quick, go!" I shouted probably a bit loud, and she quickly sat down on the toilet. Meanwhile, I had to stand outside the door, cheeks held together, and wait. A minute goes by, and then another goes by. I ask if she's almost done, and she keeps replying with "Almost!" I can't hold it anymore. There I stood, a 39 year old women messing her pants when her daughter, a third of her age, was able to make it to the toilet. God, I was soooo embarrassed!

When she came out of the potty, she looked at me with large eyes and a medium-sized wet spot on her crotch. "Mom, did you-?"

"Yes. Sometimes you just can't hold it and have an accident." I then hugged her and she promised not to tell my husband.

###

Anyway, thanks for reading, I guess. x3

*003*2015-06-29 08:32

I was wearing relatively tight pants. It was completely liquid. :(

I ended up just throwing them away; it'd be embarrassing to wear them again after that experience...even after washing them.

And yes, I have some other experiences that I'll need to share at some point. ;)

