When my heart almost stopped

Author: Zogan

*000*2013-02-20 21:05

Hi! I have been on this site for a while now, but had not much time to post something. Tonight I just decided that this feels somehow unfare, just to look after other peoples experiences without contributing myself.

I must excuse for my English, but this is not my native language, as I come from a small European country, where English is not used so much. I am 30+ now, and in my opinion I can bee quite lucky to look back on some interesting omorashi experiences I have had.

My true love is for girls wetting in public. And I have been lucky enough to have several girlfrends who have wet their panties for me. Three of them have done it publicly. Here is one story, some ten years old now.

My girlfrend Tina(this is not her real name) an I had been living and studiing in Norway for that time. On one occaision Tinas sister had come to visit us and we were taken a car ride to neigbouring town for sightseeing. We arrived in downtown, parked our car on the side of the street and just get on walking around. We wanted to show Norway to Tinas sister, as she was the first time in Norway then. We sat for a while at a cafee, and otherwise just spent our time doing nothing special. I do not remember much of what else we actually did, but sometime around noon we decided, that we have seen enougt and headed buck to our car.

It was spring at that time, synny, but still quite chilly, and Tina was dressed in black kneehigh skirt, white top and had an orange cout on her shoulders. She was wearing pantihose and black almost knee higt boots with heels. As we both had drivers licence and liked to drive car we usually changed who will take a seat behind the wheel. This time was Timas turn to drive and I get into backseat in the car, together with Tinas sister. My car side doors remined open and Tina was still standing outside on the street while I was already in conversation with Tinas sister.

Suddenly Tina just slightly hit my shoulder making me to look at her. As I looked at her eyes I saw that they are turned down, as looking on something on the street surfice. I casually looked down myself and saw some droplets of wetness on her blach boots. Almost imideately I froze completely as I understod what was this all about. At the same moment I saw a streem apearing between her legs. This was it! Tima was peeing herself in boad daylight in city center, where a lot of people were walking by!

Yeah! and O, my Gosh NO!!!, I just suddenly realised that I under no circumstances wanted Tinas sister to see what is going on, as she was completely unaware of my fetish and Tinas nasty jokes. I was completely sure she would judge us as comlete idiots if she knew our litle secret about wetting fetish. We all were coming form qiute a conservative country. So all I could do, while Tina was wetting herself by the car, was to turn my look back to Tinas sister and try to cach her attention until Tina was finished. My heart was really jumping at that time and I was so exited and at the same time somehow scared that this can not go on unoticed. And I did not want someone, especially Tinas sister to notice it. Of course I wantet to look at Tina, but I cust couldn!

Several moments went by, and Tina closed my sidedoor, and got in the drivers seat. She did not say anything, and we just drow off. As we did it I found a way to open my doors and look out on big pudle on the street, which Tina had left.

Her sister did not notice enything. She did not notice anything aither when later in the ride Tina anounced that she had probbably sat in something wet before, as her coat was wet in back. I sad nothing, bacause I know what was the origin of this wetness :).

Of course later on that day, when we got home, we had a buautiful sex. But that is outside this story...

Next encounter with Tina in the same medium sized Norwegian town I have on video :)

Tell me , if you want to hear more. I am sorry for my English thoug.

Take care anyone!

*006*2013-02-26 21:27

Thank You people, for great feedback. It just encouradges to tell more, whick I will when I get time for this :)

