Hot trip back home

Author: v_007

*000*2015-08-11 07:47

I haven't posted for a loooooong time and I really eanted to share with you guys what happened to us last friday night.

We had been invited by friends for a "couple night" which finally ended by being a sextoys reunion . Our hosts are quite kinky indeed but not in the creepy way, and always very polite and neat. We were 12 people having fun being presented all sort of sexy clothing, massage oils, toys and all this kind of stuff and the night passed in a flick. I didn't noticed any arousal by anyone, nor my girlfriend, but when we started our trip back home (1hr) we started chatting about what we liked and what she would have bought (I gave her my creditcard with a limited amount to buy what she wanted, but i didn't wanted to know what will be shipped).

That's when I noticed this little spark in her eyes......

She started to caress my thigh slowly going up reaching the area you know. As I was driving I had to be focused on the road and I know how to mind control me when she acts like that but anyhow, I was becoming harder and harder... and she liked it.

She continued her little game until I couldn't resist anymore and slipped my hand under her skirt. She was so wet!!!!

I then put my hand into her pants and made her very very horny.

I knew she wanted to cum but we still were in the car on the highway.

She then asked me in a moan "Do you want to pull-off?"

I answered as casually as I could "Hmm maybe".

She rushed on my zipper and started to give me the best bjob I had ever get in my life.

That's when I remembered that there was an exit with a very hidden and safe place to have such car activities.

I pulled-off there and we started to make out. It didn't last long before I send her in heaven once, then twice, and a third one little later on.

She was breathing hardly, legs spread, lying on her seat in back position. My was I turned on......

And then she whispered in a chilling breath "I need to pee".

I was already prepared for a great night, but not that much. Everything went blank when I heard those words.

I answered "Ok, let's see then...."

It was impossible to see in the dark but i really think she blushed and got even more aroused despite her orgasms when I answered that.

I made her quit on her bra and panties and continued to rub her lady parts legs wide open as we lift off towards home.

She had to show her breasts and leave me full access to her while I was driving. I also made her carress her tits so that they remain rock hard and pointing all the way long.

I was deliberately driving slow to increase her need and when we arrived in an other place I know were no one passes at night, she was trembling in pleasure and desperation.

I cut off the engine and all lights as the moonlight was just enough to see eachother and said.

"Now get off the and rely yourself on the barrier there is just in front of the car. I want to see your entire chest. And you're going to strip for me"

She hesitated as we were just on the border of a road and she was fearing of someone passing by.

I just answered "Don't worry and go. No one will see you" and put the car lights back on.

She went out, her top rolled up her neck with her long white skirt covering her unprotected sex and her pointing tits.

She then made me an incredibly lascive and sensual striptease. The luscious looks she sent me through the frontglass where simply explicit..... I wanted to see all of her so I made her roll her skirt up too and she then was caressing all of her body very explicitly in front of me in the car lights.

I made things last a little and then told her "Now you can pee".

Usually she would have been a little ashamed but at that moment she was totally turned into a sex animal.

She gave me an even more luscious look before wide spreading her legs and folding them a little so I could see everything.

Little drops went before she opened the gates and a strong flow rushed out. She opened her eyes widely in ecstasy and shook her head backwards in a pleasure roar.

I was totally absorbed by her indecent posture, her naked body, the sexyness of her yellow stream forming a huge puddle at her feet, splashing her high heels shoes, her moanings....... It was in indescriptibly horny scene.

She peed during little more than 30 secs and when the flow stopped she put her head back up, staring at me with little trickles still falling down from her pussy.

"I will clean you up now dear. You did so well....." i said, before coming next to her and cleaning her right with my mouth and tongue.

She moaned again and again while i was doing so and we then went up in the car again to finish our trip back home.

No need to tell you how we conclude this magic night .

I hope you enjoyed. This really was a hell of a night for both of us!!

*002*2015-08-11 15:08

We're not married at the moment, but why not in a near future ^^

