Into the Woods

Author: Vorund Sorent

*000*2014-11-07 19:51

Hello! Whilst I've been visiting these forums for a while, I'm a pretty new member of the site. Seeing as I'm now a member I thought I'd share an experience with you guys! Unfortunately I don't have many stories of accidental desperation to share, as anxiety about wetting myself at a young age, as well as possibly being the origin of my fetish, means that I habitually keep my bladder under very good control. This then is a tale of engineered desperation, perhaps one of the more extreme things I've done in the name of omorashi, and to my memory the only time I've ever allowed my control to slip outside of the house.

This occurred earlier this year, shortly before my since-passed 18th birthday. Seeing as I'm new here I might as well give a physical description as well. I'm male, caucasian and I have medium length brown-blonde hair and glasses. I have it on good authority that I am just over 6 foot, although I don't know my precise height. If I'm not exactly fit, I'm not exactly overweight either. During this particular experience, I was wearing a pair of white trainers, a dark blue pair of shorts, a miscellaneous black t-shirt and a blue jacket. That's about all the appearance details you're going to get out of me, so let's move onto the story!

The day in question I had essentially the entire day free, and so at around noon I made the decision to finally live out a longstanding fantasy. I was going to go to the gym later that day, which meant I was going to be out of the house, and I finally felt bold enough to attempt an outdoor (if not exactly public) wetting. My plan was as thus; it so happens that near my house is a large section of farmland, containing a fair-sized wooded area which sits in between the fields. The farm runs relatively parallel to the road into town until it reaches a park, which re-connects to the road. There's a gate into the farm from a road near my house, and I know a few places where there are gaps in the fence separating the park and the farm.

The upshot is this: If I was prepared to take a detour on my way into town and the gym, I could enter the farm by the gate, go into the wooded area away from any potential observers and do whatever I pleased. I could the continue on until I reached the fence around the park, go through, and exit the park back on to the main road, then walk into town. I knew that I knew my way around the woods well enough to seclude myself where running into somebody would be next to impossible, I would be free to engage in a little fun to my heart's content!

With this plan in mind, I spent the first half of the afternoon loading up on liquids. This is something I've become particularly adept at over the years, and so with judicious consumption of water by the glassful I was soon beginning to feel a strong urge, verging on the beginnings of desperation. Usually, at this point, I would either be closeted somewhere private indoors or, if I was outside, rushing to find a toilet as fast a possible! Certainly, the last thing I would consider doing would be to go outside. Indeed, I had only ever consciously done so once before, and on that occasion I decided not to wet myself but rather to simply pee in the open, making use of the certain physical advantages of my sex when it comes to finding relief. This time, however, I was adamant - I would not remove my clothes until my bladder was itself empty.

When I packed my backpack with my gym kit, I made sure to add a few extra items in a separate zip-up compartment. Among these were a second t-shirt and some shorts, as well as a plastic bag I could seal relatively tightly. Before I left, I changed out of my jeans and into a pair of slightly worn blue shorts that I use occasionally for wetting, but were at this present moment clean. By this point I was definitely shifting around somewhat uncomfortably, and as I pulled my shorts - tight, with a large metal button that makes them hard to undo quickly - I felt them slip over a distinct bulge in my lower abdomen.

I don't show desperation easily, but suffice to say, the pressure was definitely building. I laced up my trainers as quickly as I could; I knew that my ability to hold effectively would most likely be hampered by the motion of walking, and the last thing I wanted was to loose my control before I got into the woods! Whilst I still felt like that was unlikely, it wasn't a chance I was particularly willing to take. Finally shouldering my bag, I stepped out of the door, and locked it.

As I walked down to the gate leading into the farm, the gate being a few roads away from my house, I was uncomfortably aware of the weight in my bladder. Although anybody watching would most likely be unaware, I was reaching the point where my need was bordering on dangerous. If I were outdoors under any normal circumstances, I would not be merely rushing; this would be the point where a swift jog (with occasional pauses to combat any pangs of desperation) would be definitely necessary. Nonetheless, I kept a swift but steady walking pace as I rounded the metal gate and walked up the short dirt track that lead to the trees, turning off it and onto the wood pathways at the first turning.

I didn't have any particular destination in mind. I was mainly focused on getting somewhere as out of the way as possible; I was slightly wary after my previous trip into the woods (the one mentioned above, during which I didn't wet myself), where what I had thought to be a secluded location had in fact been almost in spitting distance of a pathway that wasn't obvious from the angle at which I had come at it. Unwilling to make the same mistake again, I took some unfamiliar turnings, always making use of the smallest trails available, keeping my bearings just enough to know I was headed in the right direction to eventually make my way to the park, but not knowing where I was in relation to the more major routes - only that I was far too out of my way to be in view from any of them.

Whilst I busied myself with this, my need grew, until I could feel my bulging bladder pressing urgently with the weight of it's liquid on my sphincter. I paused a couple of times as I picked my way through the increasingly deep undergrowth to put my hand between my legs, in an attempt to prolong my hold. I wanted to make sure I was in a good location before I let myself lose control, although the mounting desperation was making this seem increasingly less likely. Teeth gritted, I soldiered on, making my way through the trees.

Suddenly, I realised that what I had assumed to be a lesser-trodden path that I was following was likely to not be anything more significant than a small animal trail, and that it's easily traversable sections were quickly running out. Up ahead was a stretch of barely tamed forest floor, a mess of nettles and brambles, fallen branches and leaves, strewn across the muddy soil beneath. Despite this, I was unwilling to double back. I knew that in order to get onto another pathway going in the right direction would mean going back quite some way, taking some more frequently populated paths, and - I felt an uncomfortable twinge from my bladder - I doubted that I would have enough time to make the detour.

Undeterred, carefully stepped my way through the undergrowth, trying to avoid any nettles. I had worn the shorts to try and stop any liquid from running down the length of my legs - I only had the one pair of shoes with me - but it was a decision I was beginning to regret. My lower legs were entirely bare, and exposed to whatever the undergrowth might have in store for me. I was forced to move a lot more slowly, paying attention to where I put me feet. I might have thought that this would have helped me manage the situation with my bladder, but this was far from the case.

I was forced to take much longer steps, spreading my legs wide apart as I surmounted some of the thicker nettle growths and brambles, and for anyone who has ever held their pee to the point of desperation will know that spreading your legs wider makes it very difficult to hold. So it was that I was forced to bear down on myself with my abdomen muscles, clamping my sphincter shut against the pressure, which by this point was a constant throb in my crotch as I made my slow progress deeper into the woods.

Suddenly, I heard a sound behind me. A sharp crack like a breaking branch, somewhere off in the distance. Was somebody else out here with me? I whirled around, then quickly clamped down hard with my sphincter as my aching bladder attempted to take advantage of my distraction to relieve itself. Once I had myself under control, I peered into the trees. The last thing I wanted was to be found. Not only was the idea of being discovered in the woods on the verge of wetting myself fairly horrifying in it's own right, I also knew that, technically, this section of the farm was out of bounds.

Public access is supposed to be limited to a few designated public footpaths, and whilst almost nobody paid any attention to this and it was only very rarely enforced, some of the farm workers had a reputation for being unfriendly ranging to downright aggressive to people they happened to run in to away from these areas on the occasions that they happened to be away from the fields and farmhouse. The actual legal basis for the restriction is questionable at best, but I have a vivid memory of my friends and I being chased by the farmer in his truck when I was much younger, and that was before they had attempted to bring the restrictions into place. A member of the public finding me would be bad enough; one of the farm workers finding me would be a disaster.

I seemed ok for the moment, though. I peered into the trees and saw no one, hearing no more noises. Such things were not uncommon in an area containing so much wildlife. Rabbits were common, and I've known people who have even seen a few wild deer living in the forest. Probably it had been something of the sort that I had heard, or else a dead branch falling from the tree of it's own accord. I turned around and continued on my way.

I had taken what seemed like only a few steps when I was suddenly struck by a wave of desperation. I was taken completely by surprise. Usually, I begin to feel some pain in my bladder before losing any control actually becomes imminent, but for whatever reason, perhaps my location, or movement, or adrenaline, this hit me without any prior warning. Almost before I knew what was happening, I had spurted a reasonable amount into my boxer shorts (underwear, as opposed to my blue shorts), completely involuntarily. I quickly stopped myself, not quite wanting to let go yet, but extremely surprised at how quickly full desperation had come upon me.

I still didn't feel any actual pain, just a constant, pressing need. I knew my time was running out. I checked my shorts; there wasn't anything showing through the fabric yet, but I could feel the warmth against my privates and knew that there was now a sizeable wet patch on the front of my boxers. I looked around. Given that after I had wet I was going to have to change clothes, I wanted to find an area where the ground wasn't entirely covered in nettles. Spying a slightly more open area between the trees, I set off to my left.

After picking my way through the undergrowth another several metres I stopped short in dismay. Through the trees and just past the more open area I had spotted I had caught sight of something I really didn't want to see - a path. I realised that I had inadvertently wandered a little too far towards the West, and had almost come upon a path that runs parallel to my intended direction along the outer edge of the woods. In the open area I would be in plain view from the path. With a sigh, I turned around to walk back the way I came, still struggling to maintain my now fragile control, my bladder screaming at me for release. The way back lead into a much more dense patch of undergrowth before it got back to the small trail, now barely visible, that I had been attempting to follow before, but unless I wanted to double back entirely I would have to make my way through it.

Stepping carefully once more, I made my way through the dense nettles at an almost painfully slow pace. I had made it a few more metres when I found out that I had not been being careful enough. I suddenly felt a sharp line of pain lash across the front of my thigh. A bramble vine that I hadn't noticed had become caught around my leg, and it's spines had scratched into me when I attempted to pull free. I froze, and the shock of the pain went right to my bladder.

Another spurt forced it's way out of me, this one slightly longer than before, and when I looked down a saw a patch forming on the front of my shorts, round, and larger than a two pence piece. Once again I clamped down, this time only just managing to hold myself before I reached the point of no return. Struggling against the pressure, I bent down, and freed my leg from the bramble vine. The scratches weren't too bad, but were a definite warning to pay more attention to where I placed my feet. Continuing more carefully, I made my way onward.

As I continued to walk I realised that the undergrowth was becoming if anything more dense. There didn't seem to be anywhere more open in sight, aside from the small area by the path I was leaving behind me. My best hope seemed to be where a bush of some sort grew close to the side of a tree, my intuition telling me that the other side of the pair was likely to be more free, based on what I could glimpse growing through the foliage. The only feasible way to make my way through the increasingly thick foliage would be to go right past the bush, climbing over one of it's lower branches on the side facing away from the tree. I confidently approached the bush...

...And froze as I heard a sound directly in front of me. Something had just moved through the undergrowth, and from the sound of it, had gone under the bush. I couldn't see anything, but there had been a distinct shift in the undergrowth, and I knew from previous walks that it sounded larger than some rodent. I knew there wasn't anything in these woods that had the capability to hurt me... at least nothing that I knew about. Perhaps it was possible that my mind had exaggerated the noise, and it was just some small mammal moving through a particularly dense patch of undergrowth. I craned my neck, looking for an alternative route around the tree. There was none. Another noise, smaller but still distinct, came from the bush. I had no idea what could be in there, but my caution was getting the better of me and I really didn't want to find out. Hoping that as long as I didn't disturb the whatever-it-was it wouldn't disturb me, I resolved to leave it well alone.

I turned around again, slightly frantic. My bladder was full to bursting, and I knew that if I waited any longer then "burst" was exactly what I was going to do. I had to get myself to somewhere where I could be prepared for the inevitable, and fast. Another stab of desperation shot through my abdomen and I held myself hard once more, but this was fast turning into a losing battle. I cast about, and finally my gaze fell upon a place some ways back the way I had come. There was a tree of medium size, and at it's base were a few feet of exposed earth and trodden leaves from my previous passage.

It would have to do.

I hurried over as fast as I could, my bladder aching with anticipation. Upon arrival at the base of the tree I flung my legs apart, at the very instant that the seal broke and me pee came pouring out of me. This time I let it flow freely, adding my own pressure to the force of gravity as I was overwhelmed by the glorious ecstasy of relief. My bladder had been too full for this to come instantly, however, and the sheer volume of pee had it stretched to the extent that for those first ten seconds I could still feel the dying undertones of desperation mixed in with the pleasure of my release, a combination that made doing anything other than relieving myself at full force almost impossible. A huge patch of wetness spread along the front of my shorts, stretching underneath until it reached the area directly between my legs, dripping with my pee as it collected on the ground below me.

A smaller amount ran down my legs themselves, although luckily my shoes were spared the worst. There I stood, in the middle of the woods, surrounded by nettles and fallen leaves, and soaking my shorts where there was still a not insignificant chance of being discovered. It was a truly incredible experience. By the time my flow finally abated, my shorts were soaked through, and my boxers beneath were fully saturated. Making quick about it, I took off my bag, and withdrew from within one of my earlier preparations; my camera. Flipping it on, I was able to get one slightly blurry shot of my soaked shorts before the battery spontaneously died. Whilst the wet patch isn't all that visible, it should hopefully provide at least some context for this, and as such, I will attach it below.

After this, I quickly took care of... other matters, and then stripped off my shorts and boxers, all the time aware that somebody could conceivable com across me at any moment. I sealed them inside the plastic bags, and, after drying a little and sealing all of my wet belongings in a separate pocket of my bag, pulled on my replacements and re-donned my thankfully dry trainers. With that, I shouldered my bag once more, and headed off back towards the more trodden paths.

Later, as I continued on through the woods, I came across another man walking the pathways. We passed each other, with him none the wiser to what I had just done... and what he might have come across if he had chanced across me earlier!

That's all, folks. I really enjoyed writing that, and I wish I had more experiences to share with you. Perhaps I should make an effort to create some. As this is my first proper story/experience I would really appreciate any feedback, even if it's just to say whether or not you liked/disliked it. I posted it for you all to check out and I'd love to know what you thought of it!

I hope to post more stories, both real and fictional, in the future! For now, goodbye... I have to prepare for a hold I'm planning tonight.

- SAS.

*002*2014-11-08 15:28

{{ 

A nicely detailed and very well written report! I hope you contrive to become desperate again and will post the account here.

}}

Believe me, I fully intend to. Thank you for the feedback!

