Desperate Cashier

Author: Despguy123

*000*2013-04-11 21:33

I used to work as a cashier in a large store selling plants, gardening equipment etc. My working day was 10.30am - 6pm, with a short lunch break at midday and another short break at around 4pm. By this time, I was usually in need of a piss, so I would head across to the break room to relieve myself.

However, on this particular day, we were short-staffed, and there was only me and a female cashier on the tills. We both had steady queues of customers, so by the time 4pm came, neither of us could go for our break. This wasn't a big problem for me... although I had to pee, I could wait for a few more minutes until it got less busy.

By 4.30, I really had to go, and we still both had steady lines of people waiting to pay. I shifted uncomfortably in my chair, crossing my ankles. I asked the cashier next to me if she wanted a break, but she said she didn't need one and would carry on serving. As I squirmed in my chair, I thought back to when I last pissed - about 10am that morning. Since that time, I had drunk 2 cups of cheap coffee from the machine in the break room as well as about half my bottle of water I took to work. I bit my lip and served the next customer.

By 5pm, the store was as busy as ever, and I was incredibly desperate to piss. There was still nobody who would take over from me, and it was simply not possible for me to just close the till and rush off to the bathroom. I had no choice but to wait. My bursting bladder was getting fuller by the minute, and I was urgently jiggling my knees and fanning them in and out to help me wait. When I spoke to the customers, my answers were short and snappy - I didn't mean them to be, I was just too preoccupied by my urgent need to urinate. The female cashier asked if I was OK, and I replied that I was fine, just needed a break. I'm way too shy to ever admit to needing to pee. She said that somebody would be coming down to swap with me soon, and this made me feel slightly better.

By the time the relief cashier finally came at about 5.15, I was clenching my muscles and pressing my knees together so hard I was almost hovering above my chair. I was even squeezing my dick under the counter when I thought nobody would be looking. My bladder was giving urgent signals that I had to piss, and soon. I couldn't remember ever having to go this badly, even at school or in detention. This was something else, my bladder was taking up so much of my attention I could barely concentrate on the sales and was making frequent errors. I turned around to the relief cashier and was about to ask her to swap with me, but found she'd gone to check a price for the cashier next to me. Just another delay in getting relief I could really have done without!

She finally came back, and I quickly finished the sale I was doing and swapped with her. My bladder was so full I could barely stand up straight. I walked as quickly as I could out of the store towards the break room, and the staff toilet. I was avoiding eye contact with the customers in the hope that none of them would stop and ask me a question, because I knew that if anyone did, it would be painfully obvious that I was absolutely desperate to piss, I was past the point of being able to hide my need. I was walking with my knees pressed together, my body bent forward ever so slightly. My bursting bladder felt heavy and cumbersome, bulging against my work uniform. Every step jolted it and made me grit my teeth in desperation.

Finally, I got to the break room. As I stopped to enter the code on the door keypad, I felt myself starting to leak piss into my boxers. I crossed my legs and grasped my dick hard with my other hand, bobbing up and down violently on the spot as I desperately tried to stop the flow, not caring who saw me. Relief was so close now. I got the door open and sprinted across to the toilet, still leaking more and more piss into my boxers. Slamming the door behind me, I ripped open my fly and pulled my leaking cock out of my (by now soaking wet) boxers. 

I aimed my dick down at the toilet and just let loose, moaning with relief. It was pure ecstasy. I glanced down at my bladder, feeling the bulge with my hand. It was absolutely rock hard. I pissed for about 5 minutes in total, stopping and starting as my tired muscles finally relaxed. Feeling much better, I headed back to the tills and the cashier next to me asked if I was feeling better. I asked what she meant, and she thought I'd had a headache or something, because I was acting so strangely. If only she knew ;)

*006*2013-04-11 22:16

Yes, its my story, I'm posting a few of my better stories on this site for those that don't use EP.

