I flooded myself in front of our trash collector just now!

Author: Old Silver

*000*2013-10-02 12:06

The husband and wife company that has been picking up our trash for many years is going out of business, and this morning was their final pick-up. When they pulled into our driveway, I carried out a bag of trash and handed the husband an envelope with some dollars in it as a final token of appreciation for their dilligent service of the years. Stll clad only in my lightweight beige pajamas, and bloated with my morning coffee consumption, the three of us stood there in the cold morning air and talked for a while, until I was just about shivering. While still talking, I let out a groan and flooded myself while they stood there and watched, my beige pajamas becoming quite see-through with the wetness.

I tried to act embarrassed and excuse myself, but his wife insistred on finishing her story as a light steam rose from my wet pajamas and slippers, her staring at the front of my PJ's the whole time. While her husband was fussing at her to quit her incessant talking and to "let the man go clean up and get warm," I seized the opportunity to shiver a little and pee myself one more time while they were watching.

With that last wetting, which was significant, I had to excuse myself in earnest, as I was about to freeze, so I thanked them again for their services, appologised for wetting myself, and headed back to the house. Funny thing was, except for the husband telling his wife to quit babbling so I could go clean up, neither one said a word about my wetting myself – they just seemed to take it in stride, but I bet it will give them something to talk about for the remainder of the day.

*003*2013-10-02 17:01

{{ 

It sounds to me like the wife enjoyed the show very much.

}}

I really think she did! She could't keep he eyes off, and she never missed a beat talking. He was very polite, but I could sense that he was a bit uncomfortable with what he just witnessed.

*005*2013-10-03 09:35

{{ 

Hihi, actually it sounded quiet funny! :D

Very kind of you, to give them a goodbye present! A very interesting present, really nice thing man!

Thanks for sharing! :)

}}

Thanks Peter ! I have to admit .. It was rather amuzing.

