Wet during beerpong

Author: maxpee

*000*2015-09-26 13:13

Lately I've been expericiencing lots of times of extreme desperation. Normally the need to pee builds up slowly, untill I think it's time ro releave myself. But lately I've been going from 0/10 to 9/10 in just seconds, not being able to even stand still. Just sudden waves of desperation that I couldn't ignore for long. Until now, I've been able to hold it everytime, besides from some leaking in my panties. Yesterday was different ...

I met up with my best friend and her girlfriend Sarah, who is also a good friend of mine. We decided to play beerpong in Sarah's house. Since there was an odd amount of people, we played one against the other two. I was the first one to start playing alone, which meant I had to drink more than the others. During the first game, this wave of desperation hit me again. I pulled it together and managed to hold on untill I had won the first game and then stormed off to the toilet. That's how time went by: playing, desperation, toiletbreak, playing again.

Some time later, me and Sarah formed a team. While we were playing I felt the desperation again. I thought: oh shit really? Again? I had only been to the toilet 15 minutes before and we were in the middle of a game. I was too embarrassed to admit I had to pee again and interrupt the game, so I strengthened every muscle in my body and tried to hold a little longer until the game was finished. Stupid idea. When I had to drink my beer, I felt my bladder giving in. I had already leaked in my panties before, making a little patch on the crotch of my light blue jeans, but now the spurts of pee were much bigger. Instead of running to the toilet, I tried to keep my figure and stay calm, hoping the peeing would stop soon and wouldn't been noticable, all while I was taking sips of my beer.

After three huge spurts, I managed to regain control. I didn't dare to look down and see the damage, but I was very sure the wetness would show. Luckily the table we were playing on was pretty high and I could hide my crotch behind it. The spurting in my pants had taken a little tension from my bladder and I was able to keep on playing. When I finally looked down, I saw a wet spot on my jeans, going from my crotch until halfway my thighs. Shit, that patch was bigger than I thought. I was so embarrassed and didn't really know what to do.

After about half an hour I had to pee heavily again and this time I did go to the toilet. I'm very sure by that time, my friends had already noticed my wet pants. They probably didn't say anything about it because they didn't want to embarrass me. While I was peeing on the toilet, I wondered if I had to make a comment about it myself, something like: oh, I should probably change my clothes. Because well, I couldn't really ignore the fact I was walking around in a peed jeans. But I was really too ashamed to do that, so I just kept playing. We only went to bed an hour or so later. By that time my pants had dried a bit and the wetness wasn't so noticable anymore.

I was really happy I could finally undo my jeans and panties and wear my pyjamas and dry panties instead. Right before I went to bed I peed desperatly on the toilet again and after spending 20 minutes in bed, I already had to pee again. I waited for about 5 minutes, because I wanted to be sure my friends were fast asleep and I didn't want to wake them. While I was laying there, trying to hold, I heard Sarah waking up and heading for the toilet. I cursed under my breathe, realising I now had to wait even longer to go pee. By the time she came back, I was curling under the sheets, grabbing my crotch and holding my breathe. When she was in bed, I stood up and made a run for the bathroom, leaking in my dry panties again.

How much desperation can one experience in one night?

I love desperation, but yesterdaynight was really weird. I have leaked, but I haven't peed my pants accidentally since I was six. I'm kinda hoping this stays a one time thing.

*003*2015-09-26 14:06

I don't know, I have been travelling to Australia the last month and I just returned home. The desperation thing started there I guess, I remember being really desperate frequently when I was travelling ... waking up in the morning and needing to almost run to the bathroom, things like that ... But other than that, no change in diet and definitly no stress.

