Only real wetting accident witnessed

Author: Dylan0685

*000*2013-05-22 20:08

I have only experienced one accidental wetting so far in my life. It was a number of years ago when I was working a sales job. One of my colleagues Jess was a pretty girl with long blonde hair, a round face and bright blue eyes, and ample if not large breasts. She always wore low v-neck tops, and pants that clung to her legs.

One late morning Jess picked me up. From my house. After driving and talking for about half an hour, she mentioned that she hadn't gone to the toilet that day, and that she really needed to pee. My ears perked up at hearing this (as always!) As we made our first stop. On the way out, I remember she dropped her keys . As she bent to pick them up, she let out a moan and muttered "need to pee, need to pee, I'm desperate!"

We drove for a while longer, having a conversation about music. When we stopped talking she would often groan. At one point she said "I can feel my temperature going up. I'm going to wet myself!"

After we made another stop we were driving again. We talked about going to a cafe in town for some lunch. Suddenly her thighs clenched together and she moved back in her car seat in a single sharp motion. she didn't make a sound, but I noticed that a small wet patch the size of a coin had appeared in the crotch of her tight white slacks. At this stage I secretly hoped that she had wet more, but I couldn't see due to her sitting down. I felt my heart pounding, and tried to keep the tremor out of my voice as I tried to keep up conversation, increasingly excited at the prospect of witnessing a pretty girl have a real accident. i didn't mention that I had seen her wet spot, but seeing it gave me a boner that I treid to subtlely conceal.

I kept on talking but she had stopped responding. She was looking ahead, eyes narrowed, taking sharp breaths through slightly clenched teeth.

It took about another ten minutes to get into town, and she didn't speak the entire time except to agree the cafe that we would have lunch at. I stopped trying to keep the conversation up, instead stealing the occasional glance at her thighs bouncing along with the bumps in the road, imagining her having an accident in front of me.

We finally pulled into the first available park on the side of the road. She turned the engine off and pulled out the key, and I made a point to look at her bum as she quickly opened the door and jumped out of the car. I was disappointed to see that she hadn't wet any more.

We stood together at the side of the road, waiting for about a half dozen cars to pass so we could cross. they were driving slowly. Jess let out a groan, crossed her arms and bent her left knee. "Gravity isn't helping," was all she could manage with a strained voice through a face contorted with desperation. The cafe was only fifty yards away. We started to cross the road. "Oh shit!" She gasped. I looked down in astonishment to see a stream of pee jet down her left inner thigh. She started to run towards the cafe, but stopped dead after two or three steps as pee started to flood through her trousers.

She stood in the middle of the street, and wet her pants. Her white trousers were saturated in a matter of seconds. Pee flooded down the front of both her legs, and I saw a spreading patch of pee from her bum join the stream down the front, so her whole right led was saturated.

She stood there, legs slightly bowed, her hands at her head grasping fistfuls of long blonde hair, mouth partly open, giving me a pleading look at one point with bright blue eyes wide with shock, before looking back down at herself as she finished wetting her pants.

A teenager in a school uniform stopped to gawk. Jess saw him and it seemed to make her realise where she was, in the middle of the street. "In the car," she breathed as she walked back quickly. I stole a glance at her legs and bum as she walked - her pants were practically see through, and I could make out the floral print on her white knickers. She got back inside without hesitation, not bothering to out anything down to protect the seat. I sat in the passenger side again and closed the door. She sat there for a moment, eyes closed and she exhaled deeply. "Can't say that's ever happpened before" she said. "First time for everything," I offered. She forced a laugh as she turned the key.

I had always thought about girls being humiliated after a pee accident, but Jess handled it differently. We returned to normal conversation, and she occasionally intderjected with things like "I can't believe I pissed myself, that's so bad!" Wnd "don't you dare tell anyone about this." At one point she said "I need a cigarette;" winding down the window and lighting up. Watching her exhale smoke through the window with her partly exposed chest falling, the wind blowing her long hair about, and the occasional sound of wet friction as she shuffled her thighs uncomfortably was incredibly sexy wand has added a new dimension to my omorashi.

She dropped me home, and I went straight inside and masturbated, and then twice again later that evening. It was a very special experience and one that I've held close for many years!

