Wet Playtime tonight

Author: WarmPants

*000*2013-05-02 22:53

Been a while, so decided to take advantage of an empty house, everyones gone for a couple of days.

So ive decided to fill myself up with water, in order to wet myself..

Why?

Because i feel like it, and as i cant seem to find a partner who wishes to indulge with me in some watersports fun, never mind having another dry spell in the sex department, i thought i should indulge in some wetting. Some may say, no wonder you arent having sex, sitting in and wetting yourself. I say to them, its not about the wetting, its the whole experience of it, from start to finish. Of course, its better with a partner, at the moment i dont have a choice, so solo it will be for now.

Ive only just drunk under a pint of water, and another pint is on its way.......

See how many i can drink whilst holding and letting go

Started at 11pm..............

Lets see what happens....

23:45

Another pint gone time for a refill...

No effect yer, but im enjoying little dribbles being let out now and again

00.30

There goes another pint, nearly went to toilet earlier, then realised i was on a wet mission.

Kinda taking it easy a bit, can feel a little pee starting to build up, nothing too difficult to deal with, but enjoying the feeling.

Got into bed with laptop, found my cockring and put it on......... time for another refill...

00:50

Decided to go and put a mega large Tena pad on, just incase i wet the bed, so far in the past few minutes i have let some pee dribble into my boxer shorts it was nice and warm, but also a little wet patch appeared on the bed, which made me think of taking out a pad.

Will take off the pad before i go and wet....

01:05

Oh, nearly peed myself there, keep letting some juice out every now and then, got up to go to the toilet, had my pad still on, so peed a little in that before i realised i hadnt taken it out.

Just drank another pint as a penalty, now, i start to feel, trembly, i know im going to go soon..........

Ooooohhhhhhhhhh, im nearly there, trying to hold, but water reaching me fast

*002*2013-06-01 00:44

Certainly was sweetie x

I really pissed myself, te floor was soaked, the whitish cream trousers i was wearing were soaked, i sat for a while and enjoyed the feeling before i finished with an orgasm

Such a good night

I flooded the place,,i was in pain for a bit, jiggilng and walking about, wit dribbles in my underwear.

I had drnk so much, that i went back later to finish off,before hiding the evidence, so no one knew, and went to bed in my soaked boxershorts, against my skin, which dried in by morning, managed to clear the pissy aroma, i had left on the bed.............

