Friend peed herself

Author: Technostar

*000*2014-09-15 15:13

Yesterday something very surprisingly happend. Me and a friend of mine(female) were at a goa rave near our hometown. At maybe 9a.m. were leaving the location and drove home with the bus. She first wants to go to the loo, but we had to hurry to catch the bus. When we entered the bus, she already was very desperate. The traveltime is about 20 minutes. On the way, she gets more and more nervous. I tried to calm her down. She made it out the bus, but we have to walk 5 more minutes to reach my flat. We walked maybe 100 metres, when she said, that her bladder is hurting way to much and she is going to piss herself and if I’m ok with that. I can’t believe what I just heard. And said yes. To don’t cause a stir, I said, that we didnt have to walk much. But she said, she just want to release herself. Then, she leaned against a tree, and just let it flow. She wore a olive green harem pant. I could see everything.

When she finished, she said, that it felt good. She asked me, if I liked it. I asked why. She said, that I watched her the whole time, and she could see my boner :D I was a bit embarrassed, but we are very good friends. I said yes. And so we talked about wetting and all the stuff. We droped a lot of xtc at the rave, so we were very talkative. She asked me very much. We sat down on a bench in a small park. So her pants could dry. Her opinion was, that she liked the moment of the release. And she find it a nasty to do something, that normal adults won’t do.

Then she asked me, if I would pee myself in front of her. I need to pee quite a bit and agreed. I stand up and just let it go. I needed a few moments, but then it just came out. Soaking my inner legs. She said, it make her horny. She stood up, and pissed herself again. Moaning, while she let it go. Then we went to my flat and had our fun, but that’s another story. We want to repeat that. And i'm happy to share my fetish with someone I know so well.

Sorry for my bad english. my mother tongue is german.

