Rebel without a bathroom

Author: themerger

*000*2012-12-28 19:18

Though this story does not involve me personally, this is one of the funniest wetting stories I have ever heard! It involves my dad and three coworkers who were driving across Pennsylvania on a business trip, about a 6 hour drive. My dad, sitting in the front seat, observed all the events that unfolded.

The salesman who had agreed to drive was allegedly very uptight and was not keen on stopping more than once the whole trip. The two sales people in the back seat, one guy and one woman, were pretty upbeat, the guy especially was apparently very gregarious and witty. After taking off and imbibing a formiddable amount of coffee, the driver finally agreed to stop about halfway through the trip to hit the bathroom but vowed that they would not stop again until they reached their destination.

About two hours later, with about an hour left in the trip, the salesman in the back claimed that the coffee was wracking his bladder but was dismissed by the driver. The saleslady in the back and my dad rallied with the salesman who was in dire straits at this point, beseeching the driver to stop, to no avail. 30 minutes later, the salesman, very frustrated and desperate at this point began raising his voice asking the driver to stop. The driver, equally frustrated ignorantly told him to:"tie it in a knot!"

In an ultimate act of defiance the salesman, according to the woman in the back seat, straightened his tie, closed his eyes and let his bladder go, releasing torrents of pee in the back seat of the car! Once the flood became audible my dad whipped his head around and couldn't believe his eyes. Both him and the female coworker were hysterically laughing, disgusted and amused. The driver, pissed in a different sense was finally forced to stop the car so that the salesman could change and they could try and clean the huge pee spot on the seat.

The salesman claimed he deliberately wet himself but one can't deny that he may have had a genuine accident. The truth is in the bladder of the beholder I suppose :)

Cheers!

