Cant Help Myself

Author: WarmPants

*000*2013-03-06 02:55

Like an addict, i crave to wet myself again, and i have, if my friends ever found out, they would point at me and laugh, but i cant help loving my pee fetish.

Flatmate in her bed, i have the living room to myself, and ive been wearing the same extra large Maxi Pad for the past two days, yuck you say. Well, im sorry i cant seem to help myself. I put it inside my briefs, after coming out of the shower yesterday, and though its kept my boxer shorts dry, i find i have a light pissy scent coming from within when i opened my briefs to check my safety net. Its been a comfort to me over the past couple of days, feeling the soft cotton wool like material, with plastic outer layer, curve and clutch to me, holding me tight.

As soon as she left the room, i decided to let a little pee out, dribble after dribble, slowly soaking my self. Sometimes i would let more out than the pad could soak up, this left me with the feeling i was almost going to overflow the pad. I could feel the pad more saturated in my own pee, tightly curved around me. I let more out, and this time i did leak onto my inner thigh, wetting a patch of my grey jogging trousers, which i rubbed with my hands a little, feeling the moisture now visible.

I sat for a while, enjoying the nice warm tingly sensations.

I recieved a text, which i missed, followed by a phonecall from my flatmate tomake a midnight snack. I stood up, feeling the weight of my Maxi pad sagging in my shorts with the weight of the pee. I pulled up my briefs tighlty against me, making the neccesary ammendments to make sure i was comfortable, then putting on my trousers over my jogging trousers, ensuring everything was in place, before proceeding to make a midnight snack. Washing my hands and then preparing the food and tea, i strolled around aware of the feeling, but comfortably and casually walking around as normal, then knocking on her door with room service on a plate, she had no idea how wet i was underneath these jeans, not that she would have cared, she woulda thought i was sick, if she knew.

After returning to my room, and eating my snack, i took my trousers back off to relax in my own comfort zone. Legs apart on the stool, laptop on my lap, surfing adult stimulation to bring an end to my night and fall asleep in my bed with a wet maxi pad on. The door then knocked and she walked in, just as well i wasnt doing anything she woulda caught me red handed.

Sometimes i wish she would catch me.

I was aware of the wet patch that had leaked into my groin area earlier on, in my jogging trousers, it was still damp, but maybe not so noticable. Casually chatting away, i secretley knew how bad i had been, and hoped there was no smell in the air surrounding me, how embarrasing if there was.

Anyway, off i go seaching the information highway to fulfill this pleasant evening.

I wonder how much i may dry in by the morning.

Chow for now

Wonderful Wetterland

*001*2013-03-06 09:12

Oh naughty naughty, ive just woke up with the maxi pad on acting as my nappy over night. No leakage, seems to have dried in a bit with the warmth of my body, my cock and my arse, but still very heavy and moist. I can smell myself a bit, which i feel a bit turned on with, though im thinking, i may see if i can let myself go, but it could pssible completelet wreck the pad im wearing... Hmmmm decisions

