Someone is coming

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-12-14 14:08

Today, when I was coming home, I had an accident which I want to share with you, hope you will like it.

I left the bus and went home. My bladder was really full and I thought I maybe couldn't get it home dry, so I went through the park. It was longer, but there are busher, where I can go to pee. So in the middle of the park, when nobody was around and my bladder was about to explode, I went to pee.

###

I hope you saw one of the wetting videos, when girl goes to pee to the bushes, but then heard someone coming, so she pulls her pants up, but keep peeing, so she wets herself. I was always like "Why you can't just simply stop peeing, it's so esay", but it was wetting video...

###

So I went to the bushes, looked around, pulled my jeans down and started peeing as many times before. But now, I saw a man coming, so I stand up and pulled up my jeans. Imediatelly, I realised, I was peeing myself. I wanted to stop, but I just couldn't control it. So I was standing there, peeing my jeans unable to stop it and somebody was coming there, so I decided to run away. I haven't met anybody, so I stopped after a while and looked at the damage. My jeans were completely wet. I didn't wanted anybody to see me, so I went quickly home, luckilly meeting only two peoples.

Also, as it was cold outside, the pee didn't stayed warm for long. I hate autumn. So cold to wear skirt (when I can just easilly stand up and pee myself, letting it go down between my straddled legs, or pee my pants, which are hidden under skirt, so nobody can see it), but too "hot" to wear warm snowpants, where the pee couldn't leak through.

