Movie Theater Desperation

Author: zytukin

*000*2011-10-03 12:36

A few months ago i went out to the mall/movies with some old high school friends.

The day started out like usual, with me drinking a lot of water like usual. put on some black nylon shorts and a nylon shirt and left. I stopped at the post office on the way down to pick up some white nylon shorts i had bought online to pee in. i thought they'd be thin like umbros and thus turn very see threw when wet, but they weren't, which was disappointing.

Anyway, i got to the mall and met up with my old friends. we had lunch, i had a large soda from the food court. we walked around the mall, i had a few more drinks from various stores. after a few hours it was nearly time for the movie, we went threw the food court and i got another large soda, which was finished by the time we walked to the theater 200 yards away.

When we got in the theater, i got another large soda, the largest they had. one of my friends noticed how much i had drunk so far and asked how i could not have to go to the bathroom. i replied that i normally drink 1-2 gallons of water a day (which is true) and didn't have to go yet (also true). since it was a 2 hour movie, we all went to the bathroom anyway. i barely went at all. not because i was holding it, i just didn't have to go yet.

We were in the theater watching the movie, about halfway threw i started having to go. i was able to hold it in until the end. we all walked out of the theater and since we were talking about the movie, i had forgotten about stopping at the bathroom.

One friend took the bus home, and i drove the other one to her house. then started heading home. the urge came back again, this time very, very strong. it was a 15 min drive to the highway over rough roads, so that didn't help. by the time i got to the highway i was so desperate to pee that i was in pain, and it was an hour drive home. shortly after getting on the highway i decided i had to go

I pulled over on a wide shoulder on the inside of a bend and changed a bit, i took off my boxers and put the white shorts on under my black nylon shorts. i went around to the passenger side of my truck and stood leaning in the truck, pretending to be looking at a map. i lit up a cigarette and let go.

I must have peed for a few mins, soaking the front of my shorts, the bottom of my shirt, and my feet. then i was able to push out more pee for another min or two. got back in the truck and drove home with my lap and feet soaked in pee.

