Travel story, yay

Author: EmmyMurder

*000*2015-11-12 03:53

Recently (today actually) I had to fly to another state for business purposes and also meeting some relatives. Nothing really happened during the flight so the story's not about that sadly. So I forgot to book a hotel for this trip and I was looking for a really cheap one I could afford for one night. If anyone knows about checking into hotels the check-in time for nights is usually after 3 PM. What I forgot was there was a switch in time zone during the flight that caused the time to go back an hour. This meant that I had to spend an hour somewhere else before I could find the hotel, so I figured that I should have a bit of food.

There was a nearby McDonald's and I was thirsty. $1 iced tea? Great for any occasion. So I stayed there for around an hour doing some calls, a little bit of gaming, and was so bored that I even decided to try clash of clans, something I vowed to not ever touch because I know I'll get too into it. And I totally did, way into it, stayed for much more than one hour, probably refilled the tea twice while there. So now I've basically made it to level 10 or something, drank way too much tea, and forgot that I called earlier for a reservation at the hotel. 

Another problem at stake: my phone's battery is almost dead, and I haven't called for a taxi, family member, or anything. I must save my phone battery, the little I have left, in case anyone important calls me, which by now includes 3 sources, my boss, my relative, the hotel. Am I really walking to the hotel? Do I remember where it is? It's probably 20 minutes away, what's going to happen to my reservation anyway? I've never been late before and did not know what would happen.

Since as I'm typing my battery's about to die AGAIN (iPhone, mhm) I have to stop this short and hopefully remember to finish the full story. To make up for it, here's what I can offer, hope you guys can forgive me. P.S. Ignore the bad quality and liquid color please, there was still a bit of tea in this before I "used" it.

There was still much more in me after it was filled but I'm not sure how to repeatedly take pictures of the same cup and make it interesting.

Enjoy, maybe? Sorry I don't have another way to get a visual aid. Oh, and I love how the text on the cup relates to this.

