Girls weekend out

Author: Snnwr

*000*2015-06-04 12:35

Last year. Me and my two best friends went on a weekend away together. The morning we were to leave, I prepped the car and used the bathroom one last time before our 4,5 hour drive.

I picked up my friends and we hit the road. After about two hours of driving, one of my friends said she needed to pee. I asked her how bad it was. Pretty bad, she told me, because she would have kept her mouth shut if that wasn't the case. I promised her I would stop as soon as I could. The first opportunity to leave the highway, I 'accedently' missed. I got stuck between two trucks, and I couldn't make it to the exit on time. I apologized to her, as she started wiggling to hold her bladder. I loved seeing her wiggle and push her legs together from the corner of my eyes. The poor girl had to wait another 20 minutes before we hit a gas station. Because the weather had been very warm, we all had our own bottle of water (1,5 each). And I had finished mine for about 1/3.

Then my other friend, from the back started to complain about her needing to go as well. So I stopped at the next gas station, I filled up the car, and refilled my bottle. They made way to the toilet, and I didnt. Then we hit the road again. After another 2h drive, I started feeling my bladder to fill up seriously, due to the little over 2L water j had been drinking in the car. We reached our hotel and we dropped off our stuff. One of my friends again used the bathroom in our hotel room. Our hotel was located in a cute little town with some restaurants nearby, so we dicided to walk through town and search for an restaurant for dinner. It had been a little over 5,5h since I last used the bathroom, and my need of a toilet started to grow.

We walked for about half an hour, and then we decided to sit at a cute little bistro. Simply because that was pretty much the only thing open at that time in that small town. We had dinner, my friends had some wine (some; a bit to much). I always like to stay sober in case something happens and we need to get somewhere. So I got myself a nice big glass of ice tea. They kept on drinking wine and water and both my friends went to use the bathroom again half way through dinner. I again didnt. We sat there and talked about everything and nothing. 

I felt my need grow as we sad there and I decided to see how long I could hold without them noticing. And what could take a while, since they noticed a little less than normally, due to the alcohol they had been consuming. Yet one of my friends said: "did you use the bathroom since we gotten here?"

"No" I said, "my last bathroom break was when I left home"

"But you drank over 2,5L since! Don't you need to go?"

"A little, I'll go when we get back to the hotel." I lied, in fact, I needed to go bad at that point, but sitting still with crossed legs made it easier to hold.

We decided to go back to the hotel. One of my friends said she needed a bathroom again, just to he sure. I told her she should train her bladder a bit and that it was only 30 minute walk. So she should go at our hotel.

She agreed and we started walking. As my two friends were just a little drunk by then, they walked into a wrong alley. I knew that, I wanted to tell them but decided I wouldn't. In my head I knew exactly where our hotel was, so I decided to see if they still knew as wel. After 15 minutes one of my friends said she didn't know where we were. My other friend and I agreed. Still,I knew what way to go, but I loved the feeling of having that control, knowing that both of them had to pee again any minute again. I dcoded to keep my mouth shut. They both left their mobile phones at the hotel, and i switched mine off: 'dead battery'. In a matter of seconds my friend says: "I wish I had used the bathroom at the restaurant."

"Me to", my other friend said.

"What'd you think about me?!" I said calm. It had been a little over 7 hours and holding started to become harder. We wandered around town for another 15 minutes before they started to walk silly in need. I wiggled a bit when we were standing still, my belly starting to showWe walked a little further and we got back to the restaurant we ate at. My friend was so relieved, she ran towards the restaurant to empty her bladder, only to find out it had closed in the meantime. I laughed on the inside, hearing her curse and seeing her dance. I decided they had suffered enough. Only because I knew that that other half an hour walk to the hotel, was gonna take all my willpower as well. So we walked back to the hotel, us not being able to walk fast, added another 10 minutes to the trip.

Sometimes my friends needed to stop in order not to lose it. We reached the hotel, needing our pass to get in, since the reception and the lobby were already closed. Meaning we couldn't use the bathrooms there. So we wiggled our way to the elevator. It felt like forever before it came down and opened. We hit the button to the 7th floor and all 3 of us were dancing like crazy inside that elevator. I don't know if there were cameras inside that thing, but if the security guard were to be into omorashi, he would have had the night of his life.

Once the elevator opened, my friends races off to our room. I could see a dark red spot in one of my friends bright red pants, meaning she already lost some. I'm our hotel room was obviously only one toilet so we had to wait for each other. My first friend went, it took forever. She left the door wide open, and hearing her pee stream and her sighs coming out of that bathroom didn't help us. My other friend jammed her fist between her legs in order to hold it.

She couldn't open her pants herself, so I helped her opening up that button. Then i undid myself fron my shoes and pants, so i onmy had to take of my undies when it was my turn. When my first friend finally came out of the bathroom, the other ran in. I was still there in agony. I felt sharp stings going trough my abdomen. It had been about 9h and 2,5L away since I had last used the bathroom. I was thinking of an excuse to hold it any longer when my second friend was done using the bathroom. I was standing in the door opening, a little bend over, saying that I could absolutely not move without losing it. I wasn't even lying, I was gonna lose it. In fact, I lost some already, I had almost lost it in the elevator when I started to drip uncontrollably. I felt a stream coming up and at that note I moved into the bathroom and I knew I wasn't making it to the toilet, having to sit down. So I just closed the door behind me, and stepped into the shower cell. Then I bursted bad.

