High school desperation

Author: Mark_Twain

*000*2013-07-26 18:17

Hi all, I have the week off from work so I thought I'd spend it productively by posting to this site. I had a lot of memories from my high school years ( I should considering it was only a few years ago). So every day or so I will post another one of my memories. I would very much like it if I got some constructive critics on my writing style as I relate these stories to you. Hope you enjoy today's story

This one that I am writing about now is one of my favorite memories about a friend from my high school years. My friend was very attractive, at the time she had dyed her hair a very deep red, yet it somehow suited her. She had on a light wool sweatshirt which went down to her waist. She wore tight fitting jeans and black boots. Too bad she turned to drugs and alcohol, she had so much potential....never-mind that now, anyway our school is very small, and next to the lobby of the school is the side door to the gym.

I walked out of the class hall, as it was 3 o'clock, after school had ended and as per usual, my ride was late. I saw her walk out of the cafe, next to the restrooms (which were out of order, the school had poor sewer systems). I said hello as she did as well and as we conversed, I noted she had a slight bend that did not look normal. I asked

"What's wrong"? ( Or something to that effect)Thinking she may have hurt her stomach.

She said not much but I NEED TO PEE! (To this day I still remember her saying that).

She also went on about her boyfriend and how he was supposed to pick her up, but forgot he had track practice. I remember her also waiting for her father, as she did not have her license yet. So we went on talking about random things, but I could tell she wasn't lying, because her sentences were broken and full of ummmms and ahhhs. For example we were talking about family and she said

"So were going to Ohio and....uhhhh....ummm.... (Then she crossed her legs and put her hand on her crotch) sooooo yea"

It was very obvious she needed to go, and she kept saying she needed to pee and that it was embarrassing. She even started jumping around at one point.

Sadly, as all things do, my thrill ride ended, because my ride pulled up and honked. I had to say good bye, and she said the same. But also said, and I remember this as clear as day, I'll try not to PEE! Apparently I looked distracted because as we were pulling away, my driver said something like "What's the matter" Or something like that. I texted her later that day to ask her if she was ok, or if she made it, and she said she did, but she made a wet spot and almost as she put it "piss all over myself" She said she might have sent me a picture of her jeans. But she never did, but I don't blame her, she made my year.

I don't know what she's up to know, last I heard she got caught stealing from her parents for drugs. But that was over two years ago

*002*2013-07-26 18:45

Thanks, means a lot for an up and comer

*004*2013-07-26 21:21

Duly noted, in I will work to correct that in my next work thank you. we were inside the school, in the lobby however no one was around and it was in the spring, perhaps she wheat in the woods, we lived in a small town, so that is very feasible. I hadn't asked her that, none of us will ever know I suppose

*005*2013-07-27 13:25

Here is another story form my sophomore year, man everything happend that year as far as desperation, but then nothing much in the following years, I have one more much shorter story tomorrow and that will wrap up my 10th grade year

Fast forward a few months and I was sitting in Spanish class. It was a boring day, and the teacher talked as per usual. Next to me sat one of the lacrosse players. She was the kind that was real nasty and hung out with all the popular boys. On the other side sat another lacrosse player, this one was nicer, just as popular, but was real nice. Across from all three of us was yet again another lacrosse player, they all sat in a group, and lucky me got stuck in the middle. Well that day it was lucky. About 10 minutes into class the one next to me started to shift from side to side in her seat, being and omo fan, or maybe because the day was so boring, this garnered my interest. A little while longer, maybe 5 minutes later, she raised her hand. We were doing some activity in Spanish, obviously enough, and the teacher nodded her head in a way that said, "speak" the student next to me said

"Pedo ir al bano" which I believe means may I use the bathroom.

The teacher declined, and sent her back to her seat. Now I was watching out of the corner of my eye, at what I hopped would be one of the best moments of high school. Not only do I not like this person at all, but now shes gotta go, and our teacher won't let her,there were vandals in the bathroom, so teachers would say "only if it's and emergency". A few more shifts, a slight lean forward, all the indicating signs of a steady desperation. So now were are about a half hour into class, and I can hear her under her breath, ever so often "I have to pee" and she would glare at the teacher

Her friend must have heard because she leaned over and said "the more you think about it, the more you're gonna pee your pants" That's when the real fun began because she started to squirm and not sit still at all, she was awful good looking, so it added to my own "predicament." She reached down and put her hand between her legs a little, she was wearing black spandex, and her breathing became more irregular. I turned back to the clock, roughly three minutes to the end of class, I started to try and will the clock to go slower, knowing my effort was in vain. She was rocking back and fourth, until the ring of the bell, where she ran, almost sprinted out of the class room, before the teacher could even say "No running!" To the bathroom across the hall she ran. I feel kind of weird about doing so but I looked at her seat and there was maybe a little spot on it. Damn it clock, if you. had only been 5 minutes slower!

*006*2013-07-28 14:34

This story isn't as interesting as the other two, but is still alluring in it''s own way, this stroy wraps up sophomore year, and my story tomorrow covers the only compelling part of my senior year, but it is my favorite as it was the closet to a wetting. And it was the teacher again, so I got a front row seat. Without further distractions, here's today's memory. This one is shorter because the whole event was about 10 minutes.

This time, same year same class, I don't remember if it was before or after my last memory. It was the teacher this time, however it wasn't nearly as exciting. She was young, mid 20s, maybe she had a cute bottom nose, piercing yet soft blue eyes, and strawberry blonde hair. She was wearing pants as I remember, the were dress pants, so I'd assume they were the color black. She was quite a teacher, funny and convivial at times, and strict as as mother at others. She was absolutely effective as a teacher, in fact I bet all my limited Spanish knowledge came from this class, but I digress. That day she did not come in with her usual persona, instead of jovial and light-hearted she was quick and anxious.

She was late, which was unlike her, and as soon as she took her seat, her desk was in the middle of the student desks, which were in a U-shape at he time, she crossed her legs immediately. She began roll call, moving very quickly and almost not waiting for a response. She was bouncing her legs now and she may have hand her hand in her no-no zone, but I am not positive. When lol call was finished, she turned to her aid and said

"Can you take this real quick?"

With out waiting, I, and so do my classmates, remember her rushing out to go to the bathroom across the hall. The aid looked stunned at first, then laughed a little and begun to check homework. When the teacher came back, she was a deep red, crimson , almost and all the students looked at her in a mocking fashion. She simply stated

"Now I'm better!"

And class continued on as usual, it's not one of my favorite memories, but I write it because, one she was good looking, two, her reaction juxtaposed to her normal composure, was slightly amusing, and three, it was fun to watch her desperate for those few minutes

*007*2013-07-29 16:09

This is my final post to this thread, it involves my English teacher who is very strict but is nice to talk to outside of school. These are all of the experiences that I have had, unfortunately. I honestly thought I'd see more based off of sophomore year ;)

My final experience came from a different class, and a different teacher. It was English class, twelfth grade. She was about mid-thirties, glasses, those ones with the square rims, and brown hair. Her hair was straight, and went down to her her mid-back. She had these brown eyes that looked so dark, so deep with knowledge, it was very fitting for an English teacher. She was the strictest teacher in the entire school, every student in her class had to have one binder, one folder two pens and two pencils everyday, or she'd get real mad.

I mean real mad, but I don't blame her, the rumor was that she had been left at the alter. I bet she was just bitter, but I'm deviating. Anyway, on the day in question, she was wearing a real nice red dress with pantyhose, yes I might have looked, she was hot, so sue me! Anyhow, we were taking a test this day, and she sat right in front of me, no desk, and she sat in a movie director-like chair. The test was hard, maybe because I'm not the bet test taker, or maybe her tests were just hard, but I noticed her legs inexplicably crossing and un crossing, this distracted me briefly, until she gave me a long glare and cleared her throat, oops she saw! But she was back to crossing and un-crossing her legs after a minute. 

Maybe fifteen minutes later, so we are halfway though the test, I'd guess 1/3 of the class is done, and she was fidgeting in her seat clenching and un-clenching her legs. A couple of students noticed too and started to smirk, she must have seen them because she got red in the face and tried to stay composed. This was obviously not working because as class was ending, she was unable to sit still, and didn't look like she cared if anyone saw, though most of the students were looking at her, blatantly entertained. As class was ending, I was actually hopping she got up and went to the bathroom, because walking across the school to my next class would have been embarrassing, considering I was as stiff as a board. I got my wish as she suddenly closed her eyes for a solid 5 seconds and I could hear her breath was short and heavy. She asked

"Is almost every....uh...one done?"

Many people nodded their heads I suppose, I didn't see because I was mesmerized by the teacher. Because she hobbled out of the class room into the bathroom next to the classroom, the bathroom near the Spanish classroom, a visible wet spot on the back of her elegant dress. A lot of the students laughed, some felt sorry for her, and we could all see the chair was decently wet.

So that's the end of my thread on my high school sightings, I saved the best for last, I would love to hear your critiques and helpful hint for writing. Thank you to each of the 1,243 people who read this topic, never thought I would ever get that many to even read my work!! Thank you all, and to the many that follow, but special thanks to d4rkn351 for his kind words and my biggest thanks to Emmalyn for her critiques on my style, it honestly helped alot!

