My Bestfriend...

Author: Downtown

*000*2010-07-16 17:54

Hi everyone,

I'm new to this board, but I love it already. This story happened not all that long ago. My bestfriend and I were just driving around when she told me she had to go pee, now to the best of my knowledge no one on Earth knows of my interest in peeing/wetting, so I play it off and say "okay, I'll get off the freeway in a few exits." Now the freeway that we were on goes for longs stretches without exits so I was hoping that she wouldn't be able to hold it for that long....I ended up being right. She was holding herself, crossing her legs, bouncing up and down, doing anything you'd think of to not pee. But it just wasn't enough. 

By the time I actually got off the freeway, she let out a gasp and looked down at herself. I knew what was happening just by the sound of the pee coming out. The passenger seat of my car was soaked, along with her pants and underwear. She ditched her pants in the backseat and sat in her wet panties the entire car ride home. They were pink, so you could see the entire pee stain pretty well. We ended up finding a towel for her to sit on, so all in all the damage was limited. But the best part of that story was a few minutes after she had the accident, she looked down at her panties, look at her pants, looked at me and said "Hmm, I guess that wasn't so bad" So maybe and hopefully I'll have more stories to come.

*002*2010-07-16 18:20

Me too, it'd make hanging out with her that much more fun lol

*004*2010-07-25 23:31

{{ 

To be honest, I think I'd feel lucky that only my bestfriend knew I'd wet myself xD She's sorta lucky in that respect..

Awesome story, hope it happens to you more in the future ^^

}}

Yeah I see your point. I think if it'd been anyone else but me with her she would've freaked.

And I do too. She's outta state right now and I won't see her for a week or so. So hopefully in a few weeks I can have another story for y'all to enjoy. Cross your fingers.

