Personal Fantasy

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2013-11-16 22:42

Ever since I was at junior school I have been turned on by girls who need a pee and are desperate. It gives me a lovely feeling in the base of my stomach when I know that a girl needs to go, and I think that they may wet themselves. When they start wriggling around I imagine watching a damp stain appear in their knickers. I do not want them to be embarrassed in front of everyone, so in my fantasies either they wet themselves so that no one can notice, just letting go a few small spirts, or I am the only one present and they tell me that they like being naughty and wetting themselves. I have therefore always preferred short skirts and knickers in my fantasies rather than jeans, as I like to think of girls being able to wet themselves without anyone else knowing.

I had a girlfriend in my early 20's who often when we were out would say she was dying for a pee, and would wriggle about, but would not go to the loos for ages.

Naturally I used to get very turned on, but was shy about admitting my fantasy. I became more and more certain she got a thrill from it as it happened so often. She would often hold on and, when we were in an intimate position, she would say if I didn't stop what we were doing she would wet herself.

She also told me about incidents when she was at school, an all girls school, when she and her friends would hold on in classes until they were desperate, and then would have to ask the teacher to let them go to the loo during lessons. Some teachers were strict and said no, and on one occasion she told me of her friend who got a fit of the giggles and ended up losing control and actually started wetting herself in class.

I am therefore convinced that quite a few girls out there are secretly turned on by desperation.

Eventually one night, when we had had a few drinks and she kept saying she was desperate, she made her usual comment that she was nearly wetting herself and I plucked up the courage to say something, as it really turned me on. I said that she was always saying she was nearly wetting herself but never did, and now I dared he to do it, I wanted her to wet her knickers. She was a bit surprised but then asked me why I hadn't asked before, and I told her that I was shy to admit it, but it would really turn me on and that I had fantasised about it many times.

We were walking home very slowly in the park and she asked me if I also wanted a pee. I admitted I did and she said she wanted to watch, so we went into the shrubs out of view and, as there was no one else about, I opened my flies and pulled myself out so that I could pee. She wanted to watch and took hold of me and asked me to pee in front of her, which I did with great difficulty with a great hard on, but eventually managed it. Slowly at first but then finally emptying my bladder.

I then asked her to pee in front of me, but without taking off her knickers. She said she would try, and I lifted up her skirt and put my hand gently between her legs.

She said did I want her to wet her knickers like a naughty girl and I gasped yes.

It took a little while for her, she was trying hard but had to overcome the conditioning we learn as children not to wet ourselves. She kept saying she really wanted to go but it was hard to let go and do it, and when I touched her it put her off. After about 5 minutes she whispered in my ear, Oh gosh, I’m starting to go, I'm doing it, I can feel myself starting to pee, I'm wetting my knickers. I then felt a warm feeling running through my fingers as I held my hand between her legs. She stopped peeing after she had begun to wet her knickers, before pulling them down and squatting and letting me watch her finish off emptying her bladder, then she pulled her wet knickers back up and lowered her skirt.

We then headed back home and had a frantic session of lovemaking. Since that time and my discussions with her about the games she and her friends played at school, I am certain there are more than a few girls out there who love desperation and peeing games. Sadly we eventually broke up, but I still have fond memories of our little games involving desperation and her wetting her knickers on several occasions as a prelude to our making love, something we both ended up admitting that we enjoyed.

*003*2014-01-02 20:13

I will soon be adding a follow up to this about the next time my girlfriend wet herself when she was with me, I just need to write it up.

*004*2014-01-18 12:14

Here is the next installment of my adventures in my younger days, I hope you all enjoy!

Following that first time, we didn’t do anything like it again for a while. However, the next time was about a month or so later.

We were out for the evening at a disco/night club on the Saturday evening. We had been there with friends, had a few drinks and had been dancing to our favourite records when it came to the last dance of the night, always a slow one for the couples.

We got up to dance together and began smooching around in a close embrace, her head on my shoulder, moving slowly around in time to the music. As we danced around I began to press myself hard up against her, and I could feel her body up against mine. I slid my hands down her back to her lower body and pulled her tightly against me, as I did so I squeezed her even more. As we danced around I could hear her breathing in my ear, and then she whispered something, she said ‘Oh be careful, I really need the loo’. This was exactly what I liked to hear, and I carried on doing it as we moved slowly around the dance floor. After a while longer I felt her pull away from me slightly and she whispered, ‘I really do need to go and, when you do that it makes it worse, and I just felt myself nearly start to wee.’ She looked at me and smiled, but then the music finished and it was time to go home.

We went to gather our things and, while my girlfriend headed off to the loo I went to collect our coats from the cloakroom, in passing I noticed that there was quite a queue at the ladies toilets.

As I was getting the coats she joined me quite soon, which surprised me. As we were putting on our coats I commented that she had been very quick as I thought there had been a queue at the toilets, to which she replied, ’Yes there was and I couldn’t be bothered to queue, so I decided I would wait until we got home.’

While this was music to my ears, I asked her,’ Are you sure, I thought you were dying to go before?’ To which she replied,’ I’m ok and, well it makes life interesting doesn’t it?’ She then smiled at me and pulled me close and whispered,’ And if I can’t wait you know what will happen?' 'What's that I replied?' 'Well, if I can't make it all the way home, then I might just have to wet myself won't I!’ I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, I gave her a quick hug and then we headed outside.

We met some friends as we left and stood around chatting for 5 minutes, someone cracked a joke and I noticed her crossing her legs as we all laughed.

We quickly said our goodbyes and headed off, I think by now we were both so turned on. As we walked away on our own I asked if she was ok, she said she had nearly let go and wet herself as we were talking and laughing, but was ok so far. It was around 15 minutes walk back home, and by now she admitted she was quite desperate for a wee. She then stopped for a moment and stood still, then we began walking again quite slowly. I asked how she was and she said,’ I have actually just let go and wet myself a bit when I stopped, and I am still slowly leaking as we are walking along, I really need to go.’

We were both feeling so horny we could hardly walk, and once we knew there was no one else around I slipped my hand under her skirt to feel the wetness of her knickers between her legs. As we stood there in the darkened street she parted her legs slightly and began to let go and to wet herself some more, slowly relieving the pressure and soaking her knickers and I could feel it trickling through my fingers. We then couldn't wait to get home.

Wow, what a night, one I will never forget!

*006*2014-02-15 15:14

Here's another installment of the next time we did it.

A few weeks later we met up and went out for a drink in a pub in town nearby. I had a couple of pints of beer and she was on half pints of lager, when it came to our third drink I said that I needed to go for a pee, but my girlfriend looked at me and said to me 'I don't think that you should, you have got to wait for a bit.'

I was intrigued but said ok, and we carried on chatting and drinking. By now I was getting desperate and said I really had to go, but she said no I couldn't, she didn't want me too.

I was getting quite turned on but I said ' I really have to go soon, otherwise I'll end up wetting myself.'

She looked at me and smiled and replied, 'Well maybe that's what I want you to do, I've done it for you a few times!'

'Do you want me to wet myself here in the pub' I asked, as I was wearing tight jeans and it would show up a lot if I did. 'Yes , go on, I dare you' came the reply.

'How desperate are you I asked her, do you need to go?' She was wearing jeans as well. 'I am not desperate yet but I will need to go soon' she answered.

'Well you're not allowed to go to the toilet either until we get home' I replied.

As we sat there and drank up our final drinks before leaving, I could feel the pressure building up and tried to relax and let go, suddenly I felt myself begin to pee a bit and there was a warm feeling in my pants, and I looked down and saw a spreading wet patch on the front of my jeans.

I looked at her and said, 'It's happening, I've done it, have just begun to wet my self, we must go now before I do any more.' She looked down at my jeans and could see a spreading wetness making a dark stain, her eyes widened and she smiled, 'Wow, I never thought you'd do it .'

'What about you?' I asked. ' You'll have to wait and see' came the reply.

I grabbed my jacket and held it in front of me as we left, to hide the wet patch in my jeans, and when we got outside we both began laughing.

We set off home but by now I was bursting and she was also quite desperate. I stopped and said 'I really can't last until we get home, I'm just going to have to do it,' and I then began to let go, slowly at first but then harder as I peed myself and soaked my jeans in front of her.

She had only ever wet her knickers for me before when wearing a skirt or dress and hadn't done it in her jeans, but she stopped and after a moment also began to let go. I saw the spreading dark stain of wetness between her legs, soaking her jeans and then running down her legs. We both laughed at each other, there we were soaking our jeans together.

We were nearly home and when we got in we undressed each other, touching and feeling the wet parts of our clothes and bodies, before making passionate love yet again. Wetting games were a really great turn on for us both.

*008*2014-03-04 21:06

A few weeks afterwards this is how it happened again.

We had arranged for my girlfriend to come to my flat for a meal, and I said that I would pick her up from work in my car around 5.00pm when she finished. I was a little bit late due to the traffic and she was waiting outside for me, standing on the pavement. As I pulled up by the kerb I noticed that she was jigging about and, as she opened the door and got in she said, 'I'm really dying for a wee, you'll have to hurry back, I hope the traffic isn't too bad.'

I said 'why didn't you go before you left work?' to which she replied that she was late leaving and hadn't had time, as she thought I would be waiting outside in a no parking area. She then added 'Anyway, I didn't think you would mind if I was desperate, and looked at me and smiled.' By which time I was beginning to get quite turned on by the situation.

We set off to my flat but on the way there were road works with some temporary traffic lights controlling the traffic and, due to the rush hour, we were held up in a queue for sometime.

I could see her squeezing her thighs together and fidgeting about, and then she said, 'If we don't get through the lights soon I won't be able to wait much longer, I'm nearly wetting myself now!'

My girlfriend then looked across at me and leaned over, rubbing me with her hand across the bulge in my trousers, where I was getting ever harder, and said 'But I think that would turn you on and you would quite like me to do that wouldn't you?'

By now I was getting so horny that I could hardly concentrate on driving, my mouth was dry and my heart was beating so fast, but I managed to admit to her that I would like that.

We were nearly at the temporary lights and would be through in the next turn, but we still then had to get home which was still some 15 minutes away.

My girlfriend then asked me, 'Would you like me to be naughty and leak a bit into my knickers, I am so dying for a wee that I think I could let go and do a bit quite easily if you want me too?'

'Oh yes please!' I replied.

She then sat quietly and very still and seemed to be concentrating, as we moved off and passed through the lights which had been holding us up for so long. She then looked at me and said, 'I've just done a bit, I've leaked some wee and started to wet my knickers.'

She leaned across and rubbed my by now very strong erection through my trousers and said, 'I'll carry on and do a bit more for you if you like, if it really turns you on!' She started to concentrate again with her eyes closed, and then moaned quietly, 'Oh I've just let go and wet myself some more.'

By now we were nearly home, which is just as well as I was having difficulty driving in this turned on state.

As I pulled up and stopped the car, we looked at each other and she said, 'Do you like me being a naughty girl and wetting myself, and would you like to see?' She opened her legs and allowed me to slide my hand up her legs beneath her mini skirt, so that I could feel the wetness of her knickers between her legs.

We got out and went inside and I expected her to head for the bathroom, 'I thought you really need to go for a wee?' I asked.

I do, but since I have already wet myself it doesn't really matter too much now does it, and I can hold on for now, so lets go into the kitchen and open some wine,' she replied.

We stood together in the kitchen drinking chilled white wine for a while, then I said I didn't want her to go to the bathroom, I wanted her to wet herself for me again, there and then.

I put a towel on the floor and she stood over it with her legs apart and slowly began to wee, I could see it dripping down from under her mini skirt, between her legs and running onto the floor. I asked her to lift up her skirt so that I could see her knickers and she did so, and I watched as she slowly emptied herself, the spreading wet patch of the cotton as she stood there soaking her knickers in front of me.

Needless to say we didn't do much cooking that night, but more of something which rhymes with that!

*010*2014-04-01 21:10

After the various wettings I have described with my girlfriend, we would sometimes talk about them when we were in bed together as part of our prequel to making love, and we would also sometimes discuss fantasies which revolved around wetting in various scenarios.

My girlfriend knew how much it turned me on, and it turned her on to know that she could do that if she wanted.

I remember when we were in bed she would sometimes say to me that she would wet herself for me the next weekend, if I wanted her too. I never knew when or where this would be, but the anticipation all week would keep me really turned on and we would often make love several times throughout the week, as we were both quite horny at the thought of it.

My girlfriend would never tell me where or how, so from Friday night I would be thinking about it and wondering what the scenario would be. I think she also enjoyed teasing me, as we would go out for drinks or a meal on the Friday night, and she would hold on and get desperate, but would then go to the toilets and leave the anticipation until the next day.

I didn't mind as I thoroughly enjoyed the game, I didn't want to pressurise her, and I loved waiting for something to happen.

On one occasion we were in town shopping, we stopped for a coffee and I went off to the toilets, but when I asked if she wanted to go she said no, she was ok at the moment. We carried on shopping looking at clothes, and then we went into a bookshop. As we browsed the shelves she stood next to me and whispered that now she was desperate for a wee. We carried on browsing and went to the back of the shop where it was quiet, as we stood there she wriggled and hopped about a bit and said she was so desperate she was nearly wetting herself. She then came right up next to me and, standing quite still said quietly 'I'm letting go now, I'm starting to do it, ' then she closed her eyes and after a few seconds said 'I'm wetting myself, I'm doing it in my knickers, there I've done it.'

I slid my hand under her dress and carefully felt the wetness of the cotton knickers between her legs.

We left the shop and walked down the street, then we stopped to look in a shop window, and as we stood there she said 'I'm really dying to go, I'll have to do some more right now, I can't wait,' and she proceeded to slowly wee in her knickers as we stood in the street, looking in the shops. She parted her legs and I saw as the wee begin to drip onto the ground as her knickers became too wet to absorb anymore.

She didn't loose control and soak herself, and we were able to walk along the road and get onto a bus and go home. All the time knowing that she was wearing her wet knickers.

It was the best time!

*015*2014-05-24 12:16

Here is another installment, hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

After we had discovered our enjoyment of desperation and wetting games, we found that just talking and sharing thoughts and fantasies was a real turn on, and we would often do this during our foreplay.

Later that year we went on holiday together for a week and, as we drove down to the coast we needed to stop to go for a pee at the services. Driving along and needing to go to the loo got us onto the subject of desperation, and I asked her if she could remember ever wetting herself at any time when she was younger.

She did admit to a few memories of accidents as a young girl, and I asked her to tell me some.

On one occasion she said she was playing in the park with her brother and, as you often do when you are young, she ignored the urge to go because she was having too much fun. Until it was too late to get to the toilets! Suddenly she realised that she just couldn’t wait any longer, so she just sat down on the grass and then started to wet herself, peeing through her knickers so that it soaked into the grass. She said she had on a summer dress and afterwards no one could see she had wet her knickers, and so she got up and carried on playing with her brother.

She also remembered almost wetting herself at junior school. She was desperate for a pee and it was almost the end of class, she had been holding on but felt she couldn’t wait any longer, and so she asked the teacher if she could be excused to go to the toilet. The teacher wouldn’t let her and made her wait until the end of class. She told me she was almost bursting and had her hand between her legs trying to hold it in. When she was allowed out she ran to the toilets and just got there in time, but she had leaked so her knickers were a bit damp.

Then she asked me if I had any memories of wetting myself when I was younger, and I said that I had. I remember being out playing on a sledge in the snow with my older sisters, and needing a pee but not wanting to have to take of my boots and go into the house. Eventually I was hopping from leg to leg and squeezing myself with my hand, but the floodgates burst and I just peed and soaked my jeans. I remember noticing how warm it felt as the pee soaked into my underwear and jeans, but I then had to go inside and get changed.

I could also remember on several occasions wanting a pee when at the beach, and enjoying peeing in the sea through my swimming trunks, sometime I would sneak off and just sit on the sand and let go, before running into the sea to wash off the wet sand sticking to me.

She agreed that she had often enjoyed being able to pee through her swimming costume in the sea when she was younger.

The scene was set for our holiday!

When at the beach we always took plenty of bottles of water to drink, to keep from getting dehydrated.

When we were in the water swimming she suddenly said ‘I’m really going to have to pee, do you mind?’ I also needed to pee and suggested we both let go and, needing no more encouragement, we could both soon feel the warm pee, me in my trunks and her in her bikini briefs.

The next day the same situation arose, but this time when peeing together in the sea I put my hand between her legs and could feel the warm pee running through her bikini briefs as we both stood in the sea. This got us both very horny!

A few days later, we were sunbathing in a secluded spot in the sand dunes, when the need to pee arose again. When she said to me she needed to go I asked if she could hold on for a bit longer. She was happy to do so, it was one of our favourite games, but after a while it was clear that she would have to go soon.

I also needed to pee, but instead of going down to the sea, I suggested that we pee in the sand dunes. It was not really much different to doing it in the sea. By now she was quite desperate so she began to take off her shorts but I stopped her, and then she stood up and, with her legs apart, began to let her pee leak out. I could see a spreading wet patch in her cut off denim shorts, which she had on over her bikini briefs, as the pee soaked through and then began dripping onto the sand.

By now I had a large bulge in my trunks, and I admitted that I was really turned on watching her, I had always wanted to see her wet a pair of denim shorts. I also needed to pee but had to wait for a while until my erection subsided a bit, but then she watched while I peed through my trunks, we got really turned on by all of this, and headed back to the hotel for some great sex.

Towards the end of the holiday we went out for a meal and had a few drinks before going for a walk as the evening sun was setting. We had had a great holiday, but soon would be heading home. As we walked I said I was in need of a pee having had a few beers earlier, and she said she also wanted a pee. She was feeling quite daring after a glass or two of wine and suddenly she smiled at me and said that she was getting quite desperate and maybe wouldn’t be able to wait until we got back to the hotel.

There was no one near as we walked along the beach, and I asked if she was nearly wetting herself. She said she was getting quite desperate and asked me how I was, the answer was the same. We continued to walk on for a little while, then I suggested going for a pee in the sand dunes. Once there I asked her if she was really desperate, and said that I wanted her to wet her panties for me, and she whispered to me that she would if I would also wet myself for her. I was wearing cut off denim shorts and a teeshirt, She was in a short cotton summer dress and white cotton panties. She stood with her legs apart and soon began to let go, lifting up her dress so I could see the damp patch spreading through her panties, as they became soaked and the pee poured onto the sand. When she had finished I gently rubbed the wetness between her legs.

Now it was my turn, I was very horny but also bursting, and soon began to pee, with a spreading warm wetness running down the front of my shorts from my semi-erection, soaking both my shorts and my cotton underwear.

We were now so turned on that we just lay down on the sand and had the most fantastic sex of the holiday.

*019*2014-07-19 14:59

It came to my birthday and a few weeks before we were discussing birthday presents, but I couldn't think of anything I really needed except a couple of music albums. My girlfriend said would I like a surprise and I said that would be good, so she said she would go away and think of something.

As the day approached we were talking and she suddenly said she had an idea for a surprise that I would really like, and grinned at me in an impish way, I was intrigued!

When the day came along, among my presents was an envelope and, inside the envelope, there was a reservation for a table for two at our favourite restaurant. However, this was also enclosed in a sheet of paper on which my girlfriend had written the following,' Today I will do anything that you dare to ask me to do, anything at all, as long as it is something that you really want on your birthday.'

When I opened this I was a bit unsure and laughed, 'Do you really mean this?' I asked. 'Provided it is legal' she replied and laughed as well, but then continued 'I can probably guess what you may be thinking of.'

I pulled her close to me and gave her a hug, 'Well, I don't know what you mean,' I replied. 'What are you thinking I am thinking?'

She pressed up against me and gave me a kiss. 'Well, it's absolutely your choice you know, but you may want me to become desperate for a wee at sometime during the day and then for me to be a naughty girl and to wet my knickers, I know that you would like that.'

'You know I think that you can read my mind sometimes,' I replied because exactly this thought had popped into my head. 'If I asked you would you do it?'

'Of course I will, I wouldn't have made the offer knowing you may well choose to ask me to wet myself, if I wasn't prepared to do it for you on your birthday, but it is now up to you to decide how and where, as I have said I will do anything you dare me to, for today only.'

'OK I said, lets sit down with a cup of coffee and I will think about it.'

As we sat and talked I decided to ask her if she would do it when we went out for a meal at the restaurant in the evening. I found that I was getting really turned on at the thought of her wetting her knickers while we were sitting at the table in the restaurant, but how could we do it discreetly?

When I said this to her I asked if she had any ideas about how she might be able to secretly wet herself at the table, without flooding the seat and the floor and without anyone else knowing?

We could go out and buy some Tena Ladies underwear, but decided not too. Instead she said that she would wear an absorbent pantie liner and cotton knickers, and a little black shift dress which would not show any leaks. So it was decided and the scene was set.

We both showered and got dressed to go out that evening, she decided to put on two pairs of cotton knickers over the absorbent liner to be on the safe side, and then we walked around to the restaurant, stopping for a drink in a bar on the way.

On arrival at the restaurant we had more drinks in the waiting area while we discussed the menu and decided on our orders. By now I needed to go to the toilets as I had had a few beers, I asked if she was ok but she just looked up at me and smiled, and said no, she was fine at the moment.

When I came back we were ushered to our table and sat down, a romantic candle lit dinner for two in our favourite restaurant, who could ask for more!

Wine was ordered, and also a carafe of water. We poured the wine and began chatting away. My girlfriend also poured a glass of water and looked at me and smiled, before drinking it down, 'I'm really quite thirsty' she said.

The evening progressed with starters and then, as we waited for the plates to be cleared and the main course to be served, she leaned across and quietly said to me ' I thought you would like to know that I'm beginning to need to go for a wee.'

'How much?' I asked. 'Not desperate but normally I would get up and go to the toilets at this stage,' she replied.

The table was cleared and our main courses arrived. We drank more wine and also some water with the meal. As we were eating my girlfriend whispered to me 'I really do need a wee, I think I'm going to have to wet myself soon.'

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, was this really happening?

She looked across at me and then said in a low voice ' I'm slowly trying to let go, it feels as if it's just starting, yes, I'm just beginning to wee, wow I've started wetting myself, Oh I can feel it getting warm in my knickers. Oh gosh, I'll have to stop now or I'll do too much.'

By now I couldn't eat much more, my mouth was dry and I was getting really turned on!

We quickly finished the meal but decided to have a coffee before leaving. As we sat there she looked at me and then whispered ' I am quite desperate, I'll have to wee some more, Oh I'm letting go and doing it now, I'm wetting myself again.'

We finished our coffees and left the restaurant, walking back home I asked how she was feeling. 'Very turned on but desperate for a wee and to make love,' she replied, giving me a big hug.

As we walked home she told me how horny and excited she had felt when she had anticipated wetting herself in the restaurant, she then stopped and said she still really had to go, and was going to wet some more, and then proceeded to wee more as we stood in the street, not stopping until she thought that the absorbent liner was soaked.

When we got home she lifted up her little black dress so that I could see the bulge in her knickers between her legs, she then decided to just let go and wet herself until it was leaking out and began soaking through both pairs of cotton knickers she was wearing, before we headed into the bedroom.

A very happy birthday surprise for which I am forever grateful.

*022*2014-09-05 20:27

Thanks for all of the comments from those who have been following and reading these stories since I began posting them. The stories are largely based on past events or experiences, but as most writers probably do, they have been honed over the years by my own memory of the events, melding them to meet my own fantasies. As an analogy, in the way that we always remember that summers were hot when we were younger!

I love to write from the point of view of trying to put myself inside the mind of the person doing the wetting as well as the other person who is with them, describing their feelings, based on how these things makes me feel. It does take a while to write them in a style that I am happy with to post, and I do actually get quite turned on in the process of writing, which has been the subject of another thread on this website in the past. I have to admit that I really enjoy writing about something that I find really turns me on, and then sharing it with others who may also find it erotic.

I look forward to reading others stories as well, on the Wetting Experiences and Fiction sections of this website. Keep them coming!

