What was your most embarassing accident?

Author: orbgon

*000*2013-10-05 10:33

So as the topic title says, we all like wetting and most of us have purposely done it, but have you ever had an unintentional wetting accident which truly humiliated you.

My most embarassing one happened when I was 12 years old at school. We had gone out on an educational trip for most of the day and by the time we got back a lot of us had to go to the bathroom. The teacher started sending students to the toilets and then asked us to write a short report in class on what we did and what we learned that day. By this time it still hadn't been my turn to go to the bathroom. I started writing up the report and asked to go the bathroom, but the teacher told me to finish it up quickly first. 

Now since not everyone takes the same amount of time to finish the work, the teacher's policy was that once we were ready we would go to her desk so that she can look over the report with us. I lined up behind 2 other students at her desk and waited in agony. My turn came and I handed over the report, but within 10-20 seconds I wet my pants. I immediately started crying (while still peeing) and shouted out that I had an accident. I remember I was standing over the teacher's handbag and her first reaction was to move the bag out of the way so I wouldn't pee on it. The whole class just burst out laughing at me and calling me names.

Now I come from a very small country where you would never end up in a situation without a toilet and peeing yourself (or worse, soiling yourself) after the age of 5 is considered very humiliating and very rare. It is unfortunate for omorashi fans, but the vast majority of people don't have stories of accidents after this age. Wetting yourself at age 8 would be something out of the ordinary and unforgettable, so you can imagine what doing it at 12 must have been like. I was teased and laughed at for months. I think this might be the reason why I am so into school wettings but in reality there is nothing worse than that, from experience.

So that is my story, which happened before I was into omorashi. What about yours?

