Accidental wetting from a while back

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-21 12:26

Okay, so, although I'm into omorashi I was extremely embarrassed by this happening to me, it was an accident I had at a friends house when I was about 17/18.

Now, I have a large, strong bladder, which means I know my body well and can predict when I need to go to the toilet, which I would normally do at a friends house, but this time, it was another story.

Basically, we had this ritual where once every so often we would meet up, get junk food and mess about playing board games, this is my best friend and he always made me laugh loads. After we drank a criminal amount of fanta because it was on offer we were on a sugar high and found his parents CD collection.

It was literally full of the most awful music imaginable, just embarrassing, but we found this one called 'disco through the ages' or something, and we were dancing to it for AGES, literally crying at each others terrible dance moves. My friend busted out the worst dance move I've ever seen, and it was this weird repetitive jarring motion that made me laugh so hard I had to stop dancing, but without the moving and with laughing so hard pee just spurted out of me. I crossed my legs but I couldn't stop it as I was laughing so so hard, and it was literally hissing out of me and onto the carpet.

I was wearing these black cropped pants so you really really couldn't tell anything, except for the carpet being damp but he wasn't looking, this made the whole thing even funnier for me.

I was still laughing and I just turned to him saying 'I just pissed myself!!' that made him laugh even harder as well and he was like 'are you serious!?' we then laughed as we spilt the remaining fanta over the wet patch, yelled 'oh shit' and ran to the kitchen to grab some kitchen towel. His mother was annoyed that we spilt the fanta but said she was getting the carpet cleaned next week anyway.

We still found it really funny, but I was so worried she would find out. I luckily had bought some new sweat pants earlier that day so I changed into those claiming I had to go home and it was getting cold out lol! I put my soaked pants and socks into the bag they came in and we started the journey back to mine. He took the piss out of me as he walked me home and we stopped to hang out on the play park near my house.

Basically he spent the whole time we were messing about at the park making me more and more embarrassed, but he swore he would only ever bring it up between us, and I have a whole load of situations I could bring up if he ever told anyone.

When I got home my parents were in bed so I rung out my clothes and rinsed them in the sink. The next day I asked my mum when she was at work if it was okay to use the washing machine as I split some sauce on my clothes last night and she was none the wiser!

Anyway, I was embarrassed my bladder failed me, but overall it was a really funny story covered up with terrible excuses that somehow worked haha!

*002*2015-09-21 12:42

{{: 

Sounds like a great experience, and certainly makes for good memories.

}}

Yeah it was funny, but super embarrassing! I certainly won't forget it any time soon

*004*2015-09-22 13:11

{{: 

I can understand it was embarrassing but definitely a great story and at least you were able to laugh it off!

Loving your recent stories - keep up the good work!

}}

Thank you so so much! It really means a lot

