It`s almost 5am

Author: Thisisaname

*000*2012-08-22 21:11

And I just had to have a shower.

I was playing Assassin's Creed (I may be slightly in love with Ezio - someone draw me a picture of him wetting himself please!! That would make me so happy!!) when I felt the need to pee.

Normally, I would get up, put an oversized shirt on, and go to the bathroom. But there was something stopping me.

See, I'm a firm believer in the paranormal. And my cat has been acting very strangely, as if there was something scaring her. Aaaand I was too afraid to leave my room. So I put my headphones on, turned up the volume and kept playing, if only to block out the bad thoughts.

I knew it was a bad idea. I knew nothing good could have possibly come from this. So, in a stupid, ill fated attempt to keep myself dry, I put a menstrual pad in my panties to protect from leaks. This was roughly 3am

And leak I did. After an hour, still afraid to leave my bedroom, I was pretty desperate. I hadn't peed since... Well... Since before I left for work at 7:30pm. A whole... 8 and a half hours before. Since then I've had half a 1.25 litre bottle of Coke, an energy drink, an iced tea and two bottles of water. (I work in a hot bakery, alright?! Haha ^_^ There are plenty of wet experiences I've had from holding at work, but those are for later)

It came out in short spurts at first, and the pad absorbed it. My god it felt nice, the pee-soaked pad swelling beneath my "ladybits". I must order some diapers off the internet and have a full "Accident" in public, with no one the wiser! Has anyone here done that? How does it feel? Anyway. I almost got out of bed and dashed for the loo, except I heard floorboards creaking in the dark hall, which some fuckwit designed to not have a single light in it. I yelped, and lost some of my control. More pee squirted out, and I heard it hiss into the already wet pad. I knew it wouldn't be able to take any more. But I was shaking like a leaf and too scared to move.

I went to grab myself, and to my horror, my pajama shorts were wet. I jumped out of bed, scared I'd damaged my brand new mattress. There was a tiny wet spot on the sheet, so I think its fine. My knees buckled inwards and I squeezed myself tightly, making the pad leak its contents into my shorts and onto the floor. Another hot spurt, and another, and then, no matter how hard I tried, I could only slow the stream to a steady flow. It cascaded over my hands and off my kneecaps, onto the linoleum floor.

And to my horror, my housemate opened the door. He'd heard my yelp and whimpering, and wanted to see what was wrong. And he got an eyeful of a 19 year old girl wetting uncontrollably in her shorts. That door never shut so fast.

So I emptied myself (There was no use tracking pee through the whole house, and I hate to admit, it felt amazing to have that pad pushing so firmly into me, full of pee.) and mopped the floor, before hopping into the shower. I bet you can guess what I did THERE.

And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how I spent my night.

Oh, and the reason my cat was scared, and the creaking floorboards?

There was a spider. Yes my cat is afraid of spiders, ever since a huntsman attached itself to her face when I first got her. And the creaking was my housemate squishing it. -_-

I hate this house.

