Wetting experience at a festival

Author: RNSL81

*000*2013-07-30 11:54

Before I begin I am a 31 year old male

This experience was my first actual accidental wetting accident. I was at the download festival this year. I was in the campsite and had been drinking for a good few hours. I was wearing a pair of black shorts and a tee-shirt with trainers. All were damp form a previous downpour. The previous day there was no queue for the mass of porta-loos so I didn't think it was a problem.

For a while I had been getting fuller and fuller. I was really starting to get desperate. When I was at the squirming in my chair stage I decided to treck it to the loos (I was right in the center of the camp therefore there was no convenient trees to go against). I got up and that's when I realized the first of my problems. Standing up shifted the weight of my bladder. I was even more desperate than I thought. Not a problem tho. I knew from previous experience that my bladder was capable of holding a lot. I looked over to the loos. Every one had a queue. Shit.

It took me a good 5 minutes to get to the loos as I had to pick my way in between the tents while trying not to move to energetically least my bladder let go. By the time I got into a queue I really was desperate. I also quickly realized that the queue was not moving. It was mostly women but I couldn't see anyone as desperate as me. I couldn't stand still, I had to keep grabbing myself to stop from going, I was sweating tonnes and muttering under my breath. The queue moved so bloody slowly and each minute I was getting worse. After a good 20 minutes I was finally second in the queue but I was starting to leak. I dribbled a little bit into my briefs but nothing showed on my shorts. When the lass in front went in I was nearly lost it. A good two second spurt escaped and it was all I could do to stem the flow without doubling over. There was a trickle down my leg under my shorts to my knee Then relief. A loo opened up in-front of me. I lept forward. I made it into the porta-loo.

I didn't make it. Within seconds of closing the door I realized that I was peeing. I was actually peeing. I spun round and managed to sit down even as the warmth was running down my legs. I sat on the seat and fully let go. My briefs, and shorts, my trainers, all soaked. It felt warm and, despite my acute embarrassment at a real accident, it felt good. God it felt good. I sat for about 5 minutes just wondering what to do and savoring the warmth and the pleasure of my first, totally unplanned and genuine accident.

I managed to clean up the worst of the mess and dry off my legs and absorbed the worst of the pee from my shorts with the loo roll. By the time I left there was no real evidence of my accident (the floor of the loo was already muddy and wet anyway from the rain). My shorts being black didn't show the wetness and as they were fairly tight anyway so there was none of the "clinging" that goes with normal accidents. I walked out and trecked back to my tent without incident and totally got away with it. None of my friends I was with noticed anything. I couldn't have planned it any better.

Hope you enjoyed my experience. I know I did.

*003*2013-07-31 08:31

I did see plenty of other people desperate. There was a fair few always stood by the loos doing the pee dance. One lass I'm sure defiantly looked as bad as I was, she was doubled over holding herself and still had three or four before her. I was hoping she would flood her jeans but I never stayed to see if she made it. I was heading into he arena and it would have looked odd to my mates if i stopped to watch her dance about. Never saw anyone how looked like they had had an accident but when it rained hard, anyone could have just gone in their pants and got away with it.

I will definitely share any future accidents I have and I am gonna try my hand at writing some fiction based loosely on previous experiences.

