So close...

Author: Peepantsgirl1

*000*2013-06-16 21:02

The other day I went shopping with some friends to have a good time together and boy oh boy i found it great.

Anyway we felt rather hungry so we went to a cafê and we all had a cuppa and I brought a coke for later.

Well I was thirsty and I began drinking the coke. My friend had also brought a coke and did the same. Ten minutes later I realised I was bursting for a pee. I told my fiends and one of them said they were the same so we took seperate ways.

We couldn't find a toilet anywhere now I was struggling to walk my friend was the same. (at this point I should tell you I was wearing tight pale jeans) my bladder was bulging and I was in agony.

Five minutes on and finally we find a toilet except there was a semi large line. That took three minutes long.

We were so close to a cubicle when my friend whispered "shit," a stream of pee was dripping from her skirt and down her legs. I didn't know what to say when I lost control I jet of pee came out but I regained control. I jumped into a cubical and tryed to undo my button but as I did a lost control peeing everywhere soaking my jeans and I tryed to do the rest on the toilet but I was already soaked so I just peed myself for like three minutes! So then I secretly brought some diapers brought some clothes and drank loads and I was peeing myself loads and no one even noticed!

*002*2013-06-16 21:24

Well somehow her bum got soaked but it was a blue skirt whit black tights

*004*2013-06-18 19:05

Thin yes it did show, it showed alot

*007*2013-06-19 19:45

Embarrassed and yes changed into purple shorts.

