Closest call of my life

Author: Cee Jay

*000*2016-01-31 20:42

Not sure if this counts since I didn't completely wet myself, but this was probably the most desperate I have ever been and I did leak a bit into my perfectly good underwear. :/ I don't know, I'm sure someone will appreciate this tale I have to tell!

So, my uncle and my cousin invited me on a trip to Lake Tahoe when I was about 13 so we could take snowboarding lessons. The long drive was perfectly fine and fun, and the first day was a great experience. The second day is when things got stressful.

When i woke up that morning, My uncle's girlfriend was hogging the bathroom. I didn't think much of it, I got changed just fine and I didn't really feel like I needed to pee so I just got ready and left to have breakfast with everyone. Little did I realize that a morning pee is almost necessary.

I ate my breakfast and the 4 of us went out to check out what the city had to offer. We browsed plenty of small shops and found plenty of quirky little thing along the way. When my cousin and I stopped and a cute little Western gift shop, I began to feel the warning signs coming from my bladder. Still, I didn't pay it much heed because a) it wasn't that bad and b) I didn't think we would be out for too long anyway.

We continued going from shop to shop, and my desperation grew quicker than I expected. I jumped from like a 4 to a 7 almost instantly. I remember quite vividly that we stopped at a Harley Davidson shop and there was a small bathroom in the back with the door wide open and I could see it clearly. I was so tempted to just make a B-line for it, but I wasn't sure whether or not it was a staff only restroom and I was way too shy to admit my desperation to my cousin. I figured I could just hang on until we got back to the hotel room.

Then, my uncle and his girlfriend dragged us into a wine shop. They spent ages there trying so many different samples from the sales clerk who was desperate to make a sale on them. I was definitely at a 9 by this point, and my bladder was all that was on my mind. I was pacing around, trying desperately to keep my mind off of it but nothing could do the trick. I even went so far as to put a hand down my pocket so I could subtly hold myself. My anxiety went through the roof as I began to think I was seriously going to wet myself in front of my family in a public space. 

I had to think of a way to get to a bathroom fast, and since I didn't know of any clear route to a bathroom in the shopping area, I had to think of a way to get us all the way back to the hotel room. So, I made the excuse that i wasn't feeling very good and needed a place to lie down. (Which wasn't a complete lie, since the pressure in my bladder was starting to hurt, and the stress was making me nauseous.) The adults bought it, and we started making out way back to the hotel which wasn't too far. We could easily walk there.

Of course, the adults still made several excuses to stop or slow down and check something out. There was one little bench with cute cowboy statues leaning on it, and they demanded by cousin and I stop to sit down and take a photo. My bladder was way too swollen to sit properly, so I took a spot at one of the hand rails and on so subtly pressed my crotch against it as I sat just so I could keep all the pee in for god's sake. In fact, when I sat I could feel a distinct wetness in my crotch area and I prayed that there was not a visible damp spot on my pants.

Finally, we made a B-Line for the hotel. I was leading the pack and walking fast enough to probably look suspicious but I just didn't care anymore. I was on the brink of wetting and needed a toilet right then and there.

When me made it back to the room, my uncle and his girlfriend left to play in the casino on the first floor. My cousin sat on his bed and played on his phone, and I just sat on my bed for a short while. I felt that if I went straight to the bathroom, my desperation would be too obvious, and I was still determined to keep it a secret. So, even though my desperation was at a solid 10 by this point, I continued to torment myself and lied down on the bed for a short while just to prove it to my cousin that I actually needed to lie down like I said before. Then, once I deemed the bed time to be sufficient, I rushed to the bathroom.

When I pulled down my pants, my underwear was pretty damp, but I was thankful to see that my pants had gotten no damage. I hardly had a chance to sit down before the pee just started gushing out and let me tell you, even if the desperation was a stressful experiences, actually being able to make it was near orgasmic. I peed for a very long time, close to 2 minutes if I'm remembering right. I even flushed in the middle of it all, because I'm sure my cousin could hear it and I wanted to cover up the sound and give the illusion that i finished way earlier than I did.

But seriously, I was in there for quite some time and the pee just did not want to stop. I have to say as stressful as this was, this was probably one of the best desperate experiences I've had because I managed to get out of it without humiliating myself and the best feeling of relief it gave me. I walked out of that bathroom feeling like a new me, and I was super proud of myself too. 10/10, probably won't do it again but I'm glad it worked out the way it did.

*003*2016-02-01 23:27

{{: 

Brilliant Tory, you did so well waiting so long with so little leakage. I'm particularly impressed you hid the need completely and managed to wait even with a toilet so close. Have you ever come close to that level of desperation again since?

}}

HAHA NOPE.

I was in such a panic the whole time, I'm pretty sure I scarred my poor, innocent little mind. Now, whenever I go to a public space, I always keep my bladder in check.

Even when at home though, I've never had it get that bad. I don't think I have the willpower.

