Wetting my boyfriend's grey shorts! [VIDEO]

Author: pissylizzy

*000*2012-10-29 00:53

Wow, just had two fantastic wetting sessions and got a great video! Let me tell you a bit of the story.

I had a bit of a bladder infection yesterday, nothing serious but it was pretty painful. Went to the walk-in and got some antibiotics, with the advice to drink lots and pee regularly. Obviously here lay my first challenge - how the hell can I stop myself wetting on purpose? :p

So earlier I was wearing some comfortable jeans and drinking some water while I sat at my laptop doing my university work. I needed to go pretty bad (as I have all day) but it was getting to the point where I was squirming. Not wanting to stop working because I was on a roll, I decided to let a little squirt into my panties. Not enough to soak through the jeans but enough to wet my pussy a bit. I planned to keep peeing like that for a while until I had some relief but oh how wrong I was. The feeling was so good, I just stopped working and pissed myself right there and sat in my wet jeans for about an hour. I was still drinking water (I drank about 4 pints before I decided to pee myself completely!) and every time I felt the need to pee again, which was often because of the infection, I just pissed in my chair (sitting on a towel and a plastic bag). It felt so fantastic.

I then took a bath to clean myself off, because I had given myself the challenge of wetting on every single bit of my jeans I could :p EVERY fibre of those jeans was soaked. After my bath, I went back to my computer and watched a load of wetting videos and decided hey, I'm not doing anything tonight, why not do it again? This time I made a vow to get a video of it. I also made a vow to hold in my pee for as long as I could before it got painful (also it's not advisable to hold it TOO long with an infection...)

I drank more water and waited. Quite quickly I was fidgeting in my chair - the water just went straight through me, I must have been hydrated enough from before. I was at about a 6/10, holding my crotch, when I realised my camera needed to charge first! So I plugged it in to charge and began to get a bit nervous. Could I wait long enough? To distract myself from my own desperation, I made this account on the forum, because I've only ever lurked before :D At this point I couldn't actually stand up without having to cross my legs and hold my crotch, and within about 25 minutes of making this account I was at a 9/10, maybe even 10/10. My camera had a little bit of charge in it so I thought FUCK IT! and unplugged it. As I was getting everything into place, I felt some warm pee leak into the crack of my pussy and dropped the camera to hold myself really tightly. God damn it, I was going to get this video!

Luckily the pee hadn't made a mark on my underwear. I quickly removed all my clothes and put on the first thing to hand - my boyfriend's ugly grey shorts. He leaves them here sometimes to sleep in when he stays. I was on the brink of bursting when I hit record.

The video is in two parts because it's over 8 minutes long, yes 8 minutes of peeing on and off... for some reason the sound disappeared when I trimmed it :( oh well, there wasn't much anyway.

I'll have to upload the videos tomorrow, my boyfriend's coming over now and I can't let him see this! :)

