My first true holding was today!

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-06-29 05:16

Today I decided that it was time to buckle down and drink a ton of water til I could no longer hold it! Usually I get really bored when I try to hold it and I'm just at home with nothing to do. Any other experience I've had was generally unintentional. But this time I wanted to feel it!!

I got back home from work this afternoon and I was probably at about a 2-3 (out of 10) of having to pee. I barely felt it. But I started drinking lots and lots and lots of water and I noticed nobody else was home. I felt so full!! I began feeling my bladder filling up. At first I was just thinking "ohhh! I'm gonna have to pee :)" In such a nieve kind of giggly, girly way of thinking about it.

I was on here writing back to messages and checking up on work stuff, reading articles, etc. Then it started getting painful in the bladder. My bladder was rock solid! And bulging out like a melon! I stood in front of the mirror starting to get really excited that I was doing this!! I pushed hard on my bladder and ohhhhhh it hurt so badly! I just bent over and crossed my legs! I could feel my crotch getting damp (I think it was due to me getting turned on haha).

After bending over my lower back started hurting really badly. I was starting to be in serious pain! But I wanted to keep going. I could only stand as sitting/laying down hurt in an awkward way. I was getting anxious!! I was writing to friends on facebook and checking more news as I was bending over with my legs crossed. I thought about trying a pee pee dance but it just hurt to move! At this point I loosened my belt.

I kept thinking how much longer it would be......I wanted to rank how bad this was so I was looking for desperation rankings. I would say it was at an 8. And this was only 30-45 minutes later after beginning to feel my bladder fill up! I was ready to pee but I kept debating what I wanted to do. The pain was pretty bad in my back. I decided it was time to unbutton my jeans to give more space. Then I started dripping!

I decided it was time to go into the bathroom. I brought my phone and took pictures of my bulge, which was huge!!!! (sorry the pics are nude so I can't share them on here :( I'll try to get a hold of some leggings and such to take pics next time this happens!!) It was just completely round. I had no idea my body could do this!!!! After taking the pics I stood there for a sec to hold myself in pain and not wanting to move. I decided to get into the bathtub before I pee all over the bathroom carpet that my family has. I laid down on my back and just let it go! I originally wanted to see how well I could shoot it down but my back was in so much pain I didn't care to try any harder with anything! I just relaxed and let it flow.

Honestly it was a let down this time. I felt relieved. It was interesting to watch my bulge go from round to flat! But I wanted more.

I called my boyfriend a few minutes later after emptying my bladder. We began talking and I could feel my bladder already starting to fill again. I was hitting a 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 SO QUICKLY!!!! Luckily I wasn't in pain this time but I was absolutely thrilled. I was talking to him like nothing was wrong. All I could think is about how he has no idea how desperate I'm getting.

I stood in my room with my legs crossed and bending back and forth. Then as I was hitting a 9 on the scale I said "Hey babe! I'm about to pee my pants!!! Give me a...." and set the phone down before I finished or got a reply as I was heading straight for a 10 on the scale (SO EXCITING!!!!!!)! I walked calmly to the bathroom as I was about to burst. There could be no sudden movements as my bladder was threatening to release everything.

As I closed the door carefully I got so excited about having to pee that I started peeing! But it was only a spurt! I then got to the toilet and as I started unbuttoning my pants pee started trickling out of me!!! The whole time I took my pants off to sit on the toilet I was already peeing!!!! I was so thrilled about this!!!! I peed for a good 90 seconds! I always thought that I would have to hold for days to pee over a minute! But it was a full strong stream :D And the best part is that the trickling only got a small patch between my legs wet and that excited me! I didn't want to we my pants completely today. It just felt special to have a little secret pee patch between my legs <3 This was an amazing experience :)

Now as a side note when I live in my own place and not with my family, I will say that the golden gates will be opening up wide as I hit the breaking point! I will pee my pants AT LEAST once a week! :)

*002*2014-06-29 11:20

Oh my! Well I am gonna have to get a tub of some sort! Or maybe a few :D

As I had to pee I was thinking how great it would be to have something to measure my pee in. I was looking and looking but no good (& I was getting anxious)! Plus I'm staying at a family member's house so it is a no go for using something from the kitchen!!!! Hahaha

I might try to otherwise I will just do another hold soon to add and show how my bulge looks! :)

*004*2014-06-29 12:39

Haha thanks ravenheart30. Yea it just was happening so quickly!! The gotta go feeling wouldn't even cover how I felt! It was more like "I'm about to piss an ocean here!!!" But I want more excitement....i was so tense from holding that the release wasn't much of relief with my tense muscles. Did I need to wait til I felt actual spasms in my bladder?

*008*2014-06-30 06:54

{{:

Have you thought about telling your bf about your fetish?

}}

Oh yea he knows :) I told him. He was taken off guard at first, which was totally ok! Its not his major thing but he will play with that idea with me :) So glad to be with someone who can accept be for me and even go with it!! :D

{{:

Awesome. It's pretty amazing at how quickly you have to pee again after emptying the first time. It's like your bladder has worked so hard holding the first time around that it's quit after that first hold.

}}

I have to say youre so right about the second time around!! Every time later that day I peed my pants a tiny bit at least before I got to the toilet!!! And sometimes not even needing to go that bad!! Haha.

*011*2014-07-01 05:04

Oh yea! Thats still mind blowing to me!! I was gonna do that today but then I realized I had to get going to work. And I definitely did NOT want to pee my pants at work again today!!

*013*2014-07-01 05:18

No, definitely not intentional. But I was definitely trying to hold on for dear life as it became a holding session haha. I just had no choice as I was stuck on the sales floor alone D:

*015*2014-07-01 05:21

You know if I didn't panic I totally could of just peed right there after getting the bags. At least I don't think they can see below pelvis....I don't know hahahah. How crazy would that be. But eventually I am SURE someone would have a question or something that would require me to leave where I was standing at the register!!! LOL.

It happened. Can't do anything about it. So yea. Hopefully coorporate isn't sharing the surveillance footage of me panicking and peeing! LOL. If so I want it!!

*017*2014-07-01 05:41

Oh yea...but if I am drinking a ton I think that helps with the smell not being as strong. I drink a ton more than I used to because for one my doctor says I need to drink more water to stop me from being dizzy and second because I am freaking obsessed with this site!!!

*019*2014-07-01 06:36

{{:

Doesn't the level of desperation increase soo much when you get near a toilet?

}}

YES!!! And sometimes that is SOOOO ANNOYING!!! Especially when you really really don't mean to at all pee your pants. You just really REALLY needed to pee and you're in the middle of some serious tasks that day hahah. But yet its such a turn on.

I really love it when I can actually just pee my pants without caring and say "Oh no oppssss....." while looking in the mirror with a concerned look on my face as if I actually cared. The other day actually I decided to pee in the toilet but keep my black yoga pants on. WOW!!!! That felt so AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! And the best part is that its unnoticeable! I think I could just go to the park and pee while sitting in the grass and nobody would ever know the difference!!

*021*2014-07-01 07:25

Oh I'm so silly. I get nervous when I squat so I don't pee hahhahah! Just never camped where I peed outdoors. But I LOVE peeing outdoors in my own way I guess. Love peeing in a swimsuit while just sitting, love to lay down in the dark and pull my pants below my butt to let the pee trickly out of me (especially if I've been desperate!!), and just any other way to pee besides in a toilet I guess hahaha. But I will try to get used to that!

*023*2014-07-02 16:13

{{:

Don't even get me started on swimsuit peeing! I love being able jump out of the water and just pee right in front of others without anyone knowing, or simply letting it go while I'm just relaxing in my back yard without a care in the world.}}

I LOVE peeing in mb bikini!!! My boyfriend and I will go to the beach, the water will be freezing but I'll act like I love it and go out to pee. I warm up out there then! ;D

And I have ALWAYS loved peeing in the back yard!! When I was little I used to always wait for a while til I had to go and go hide behind a large pine tree. Then I would pee (and sometimes do the other business...lol) It just felt amazing!!!

