Omegle Chat Hold

Author: Foxlover

*000*2015-04-26 09:11

This is a rare occurrence for me, so I figured I'd share it.

So, I was lazily browsing Omegle, like I do most weekends in my dorm, and I happened across someone who happened to share the "omorashi" interest. I, of course, assumed the stranger was male, given the strong male presence in this particular fetish community. We talked a little about Fox (my namesake) and whether he was still doing art, and eventually, the conversation turned at a specific juncture.

The stranger said they'd like to be as desperate as the women in Fox's drawings, which got me wondering; why would a guy want to emulate Fox's drawings? Turns out I was talking to a female, and she said she enjoyed being forced to hold and had actually been holding for 4 hours prior to our chat. I, of course decided to take advantage of this rare opportunity and asked her if she would like me to control her bladder for the duration of our cha, to which she happily agreed. ;)

I started off simple, only having her sit with her legs open for small intervals of time and pressing on her bladder intermittently. I had her give me a blow by blow update of how she was progressing, and eventually she informed me that her desperation was bad enough so that she couldn't spread and press simultaneously. Deciding to be merciful, I allowed her to get up and pee dance her way back in control of her bladder.

Drunk with power and feeling especially sadistic, I had her take her laptop with her into her bathroom and pull down her panties before sitting on the toilet, but I did not permit her to pee. She kept telling me how much harder it was to hold that way, and I of course enjoyed every minute of it. I allowed her to get up and pee dance once more before forcing her to sit back down and hold.

As her desperation reached a crescendo, she had to move away from the ever tantalizing toilet. She returned to her room, but she said she'd been leaking for the past few minutes. I told her that she could have relief, but not in the toilet. She asked what I had in mind, and I suggested she gather some towels and fold them up nice and thick for...erm, maximum absorbency. ;)

Lastly, I forced her to sit on her makeshift toilet and hold for a few minutes longer, to which she replied she was dribbling into her panties. After a few more agonizing minutes of waiting and begging, I removed my verbal hold on her bladder and she apparently gushed into the towels as soon as I typed that she could. She described the feeling as being euphoric and heavenly, and I of course thanked her for letting me participate in her omorashi festivities. I gave her my name here in the event she joins the site, so I guess we'll have to wait and see if she decides to join this community. ;)

