Another Short Story

Author: Lustful Loki

*000*2014-04-24 08:05

Today, I had a lot of caffeine since I only had 5 hours of sleep. This made it so I needed to pee every two hours, no matter what. For the first few times, I couldn't do anything kinky. I was in class or with friends, so I had to use the toilet like a normal person. The relief was so immense each time, that even just using the toilet made me horny enough to masturbate. I knew that I should wait though, and save it for later. So I spent most of the day needing to piss and horny, which is fun if you do it right.

Finally, after being out of my room for 17 hours, I got back. I immediately took off all my clothes (like I usually do) and got on the web. After a few moments, I realized i had to piss, really badly. I really wanted to do something special with it, but I didn't really feel like wetting, because that was a lot of clean up and energy. Then, I had a really naughty idea. I put a skirt on as a dress (so it would cover my whole body) with nothing underneath and went back outside.

See, there is this little alcove with wooden benches outside of my dorm that people rarely ever go to, but it over looks two parking lots. It is perfect to see without being seen, and that is really what I wanted.

I went outside, completely naked under the skirt, and I was really excited. I could feel myself getting wet, and I really wanted to masturbate, but that could wait. I walked down the path and arrived at the benches to find them, thankfully, unoccupied (sometimes smokers will smoke there). I picked one of the benches and walked over to it. I then lifted my skirt and placed my bare ass and pussy against the cold wood. It sent chills down my spine, and I got wetter. I adjusted my skirt around me to hide my nakedness but so it wouldn't get too wet and got ready.

At first, I was a little shy. I was really worried that someone would see me wetting and freak out, but after a little bit I relaxed enough. The piss stream leaked out of me slowly at first, but then it burst out. It was a really interesting feeling. The bench was made of wooden slats, and I positioned myself so that I would piss between two slats, but it also held my pussy closed a little so it bubbled out of me. It was really hot and I loved the feeling. Piss splashed everywhere and I got some on my legs, butt, and feet. I pissed for a good minute and just savored the feeling and the sound of the splattering below.

Mid-piss, a car drove through on of the parking lots. I was really freaked out, but I couldn't stop wetting. I am not normally into public play, but the thought of whoever was in that car seeing me piss like that made me even hornier, and I hoped they would come over and piss all over me for being naughty. ;)

When the last of my piss dribbled out of me, I lifted my skirt (revealing my naked pussy to the world) to see the puddle I had made. It was really big and almost radiated all the way to the other end of the bench (I sat at one end). There was a little wet spot on the bench from where I had been sitting, and I giggled. I had never pissed so close to the dorm before without being inside.

After I was done observing my handiwork, I dropped the skirt over me again and ran back inside. My pussy was still dripping piss a little and my thighs were pissy as well. I slipped through the dorm and made it back to my room so I could finally masturbate. I was so horny I came really quickly, which I normally can't do without a full bladder. It was an amazing night, and I think I will do it again soon, except this time, I will wear a pair of panties, maybe even pants, and wet them on that bench.

Thanks for reading. :) Have a wet day. :)

*004*2014-04-24 22:49

Thank you all, you are so sweet. :)

*006*2014-04-26 22:51

Thank you, I really appreciate it. :)

*008*2014-04-28 08:42

How innocent, I don't understand?

*010*2014-04-30 13:30

Thank you, I will!

