I tried to see how long I could make it..

Author: buckets

*000*2015-03-08 01:22

I was home alone browsing the internet when I realized that I had to pee. I decided to see how long I could hold it. I got up from my computer and walked into the kitchen to fetch a glass of water, but when I turned on the faucet I instantly grasped onto my crotch.

Wiggling my hips side to side, I tried to fill the cup without spilling water everywhere and peeing in my pants at the same time.

I quickly turned off the faucet, still squatting from the pressure from my bladder, and gulped my water.

I gasped and my eyes grew wide as I felt a trickle of pee escape from between my legs. I tighten my muscles, fighting the urge to let go, but I started to piss hard without even realizing it. I peed for a good 5 seconds before I shakily mustered the strength to stop completely.

I felt a little better at least.

I went back into my room to sit on my bed and tried to distract myself from my throbbing bladder. I was scrolling down tumblr when I spotted a gif of a girl completely flooding her pants.

I instantly felt my bladder lunge, almost completely wetting myself right there. I stand up with one leg completely wrapped around the other, squatting up and down. I somehow squatted the wrong way because I felt myself pee again.

I whimper, rubbing a hand against my crotch, however the case was I had thought I peed, but the wet spot hasn't grown. I squeal, realizing that if I thought I was peeing myself, then I must me really close to peeing myself and I couldn't hold on by myself.

I quickly and abruptly grabbed a pillow and slammed it against my leaking pants, hoping that it would keep everything in. The pressure started to well up to a point that my eyes began to water, and I was starting to question how I was able to do this. With that, my body thought it would be a good time to let go.

I began to hear a hissing noise which caused me to jump, sending the pillow, and my pee, flying. I didn't realize I was peeing! "Oh shit oh shit I can't hold it," I cry, jumping back and forth from leg to leg. I squat down with my hand between my legs, but the sudden movement caused another gush of pee to hit the floor harder.

After I was done peeing, I looked down to see the damage, and I somehow managed to leave my pants without a single dry spot.

