Daycare and my friend

Author: Delta-Force

*000*2015-08-03 16:48

In my elemtary school years i was in a daycare across the street from my school. Nearly every kid from school was there for a few hours. I was a kid that got fetched up around 5 to 6 p.m. so i had lots of time there. I had a friend one or two classes under me. We both had a lot of interests in common. We played with the same toys (Trucks and tractors from Bruder) and were both interested in work sites and road work. So we found a road-work companie. The daycare had an awesome big garden (1.3 hectars) with a 100 meter long road. We two were there to draw the traffic markings (with chalks). We were very skilled so the adults said we where the official road maintenance depot. We even had a little house for all the Y-Tong stones we needed (we used them as chalk) and our headquarter.

We talked a lot in our headquarter and someday i think we talked about our accidents we had in our pants. My list wasn´t that long, i mean, at first i haven´t talked about my accidents i had on purpose. But he began to talk about his purpose ones. He said he peed his pants a lot, but only a little. I was excited and told him that i have the same interest and experimented a little with my poo and pee.

The next 2 years he peed his pants a lot in front of me and had a wet patch between his leg (CD sized) almost every time we worked or played together. He had thick cord pants and jeans that soked a lot. At hot days he peed and it was dry after 30 minutes or so, so he wasn´t afraid that anybody would see it. I myself never did something like that in daycare because i wasn´t that willing to be seen with wet pants and i thought my mom would find out. His mom seemed not that angry about him, he told me that he pooped and peed his pants a lot at home, so his mom knew his „problem“. But I on the other side had only a few real accidents my parents knew about. Sadly he never messed his pants at daycare „I can´t go, i was yesterday at home“. I never saw him going to the toilets, the only thing was wetting. He never did it although i beged him so much.

So that was it. Hope you could read and understand it, i know my english isn´t that good.

