After my girlfriend/wife started going on purpose

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-07-18 15:30

I last told about the first time my then girlfriend/now wife peed her jeans for me on purpose. Afterwards we talked for a while about what it meant for our relationship and how we would treat it going forward. I, of course, wanted her to wet herself for me as often as possible. She, on the other hand, wasn't so keen on that idea. While she didn't mind wetting herself for me, she didn't get any sexual pleasure from the act itself, and then there was the cleanup necessary, washing clothes, the risk of getting caught, etc. She was hoping it would be more of a special ocassion kind of thing. I begged a little, but she was hesitant and I decided not to press my luck. Better a rare event than never, right?

So after that first time it became a special event for us - mostly my birthday and 2-3 other times per year if I could convince her and we had enough time alone and she felt confident enough to get away with it.

But that's not to say she stopped having the ocassional accident...

A few months after her first time on purpose for me I was due to meet her at her house around lunch on a Saturday after she got back home from a marching band practice up at her high school. I got to her place a little before she did and nobody else was home so I just sat in my car in the driveway and waited, listening to the radio.

Not too long later her car pulls into the driveway beside mine. We smiled at each other. I got out of my car and went around to her side of her car to help her out. She climbed out of her seat and closed her door. I went to hug her but she seemed very distracted. Before I could even ask her what was wrong she said, "Well, you should be happy this morning." She started walking towards her front door, me following.

"Why should I be happy?" I asked, "How was practice?"

She said, "Practice was fine... until stupid director didn't want to give us a break at the end and kept us working for another fifteen minutes."

I said, "That sucks."

She said, "Yeah, it does. Even worse, I really had to pee." We arrived at the front door, which she unlocked, and we went inside.

"Oh, I'm sorry," I said, secretly hoping now that she maybe meant what I hoped she did by "I should be happy this morning".

She dropped her purse, peeked around the corner to make sure the rest of her family was gone, and then turned back to me, "Yeah. And since he held us so long, I didn't get to the bathroom in time. So, yeah, I pissed myself this morning after practice."

My penis stiffened even though she was obviously upset by the accident. I hugged her to me and said, "It's ok. What happened? Did anybody see?"

She kept her head against my shoulder and told me the story, "I don't know if anyone else saw or knows. At least I'm wearing black shorts. And it wasn't on the field, it was after, in the bathroom. I managed to hold it all through the practice, but afterwards I was bursting and hurried to the bathrooms, but they were locked, so then someone had to go get the key and come back. By then there were like five of us standing there desperate to go. A few of us holding ourselves and dancing in place, you know? Finally the other girl came back with the key and we go inside but there weren't stalls for everyone. I had to wait for someone to finish, standing there dancing and holding myself the whole time. Before anyone finished I leaked a little. Then a little more."

At this point I felt her hand reach down and unzip my pants, reach inside, and begin stroking my obviously hard penis. She knew her story was turning me on. I moaned at her touch and said, "And then?"

She said, "And then finally someone finished and I hurried into the stall. I tried to lock the door and turn around but as I did I lost control for a few seconds and started peeing myself. I felt some run down my legs before I could stop it and my panties felt really wet. I got control again and shoved my shorts and panties down and sat and finished in the toilet. I checked the damage and tried to dry off my panties and shorts with toilet paper but they were really wet in the crotch and up the back and front some. Wanna see?"

I said, "Oh, yes..."

She pulled me into her bathroom around the corner and pushed down her black track shorts, which showed no wetness on the outside (they were that quick drying athletic nylon type material). There were her pale blue panties, dark down at the bottom of her pubic mound. She turned around and showed where they were wet low across her bottom a bit, then spread her legs and bent enough to show the soaked crotch. I grabbed her, kissed her hard, pressed her against bathroom counter, and shoved my hand against the wet fabric of her crotch and began rubbing furiously. 

She resumed stroking me until I came very hard onto her stomach and the front of her panties. She came to her own climax a few seconds later. At that she said she needed to shower and change before anyone else came home, so I quickly cleaned myself up while she stripped and hopped into the shower and I then went out to watch TV while she showered and changed, then came out in fresh clothes and tossed her practice clothes into the wash with some other things.

After she sat down on the couch with me I kissed her cheek and said, "You're right, I am happy this morning."

*002*2011-07-19 17:30

{{ 

Your stories are always so hot. I think I have a lady boner.

}}

Haha. Glad you enjoyed. Feel free to "take care" of that "lady boner" if you need to. ;)

