Sneaky beach wetting

Author: shiversilk

*000*2012-11-24 22:43

So this is my last post for 24 hour since I'm still a newbie here and I thought I'd start as I mean to go on ;) I have both a lot of wetting experiences and also a really good imagination, so I'm not always going to say whether something is real or not (some of them you will be able to tell as they're pure fantasy, but for the rest, well...). So here's one to get you started.

Those of you in the UK may remember that a few years back there was a big eclipse of some sort happening late at night. I don't remember the details now but at the time I was caught up by several friends who wanted to go out and watch it. We got a few blankets and some snacks and drinks and went down to the beach. It was chilly – I want to say it was around this time of year – but dry for a change, and several fires were going. Unfortunately it was also cloudy, so what I thought was going to be a quick 'ooh eclipse very pretty let's go inside' turned into 'okay so the eclipse has started but we can't see anything so let's wait and see if it gets better.'

I was getting cold AND I had to pee – the one always makes the other worse and vice versa. And it didn't help that all the guys who needed to go were just walking down to the water and whipping it out. Not only did it make me have to pee more, but the idea of being able to go in public like that – with everyone watching me, knowing I was peeing, but me just not giving a fuck – was really hot!

I was kind of bored of the eclipse and getting a little drunk. I was in the middle of a fantasy about going down to the water and peeing standing up (I can do it, but I always dribble, so I don't usually do it in public), and I was bouncing around a little when my friend Anne leaned over to me.

"Do you want to come to the toilets with me?" she whispered.

I didn't even have to look at my watch. "They're shut," I told her. The closest toilets on the beach were always locked by 10 or 11.

"Fuck." She bit her lip. "I'm gonna have to go here."

(Sometimes I think being into this fetish makes me more careful than I would be otherwise – I don't want people to find out so I go to such lengths to hide it! But some of my friends are so nonchalant... anyways.)

I looked at Anne like she was nuts. She was wearing a skirt, yeah, but she also had on thick tights and (I assumed) knickers – it was cold enough that even I wouldn't have wet them. "Are you joking? At least go up by the huts, you can squat there," I told her – also quietly, because there were a handful of other people around.

"Too obvious," she said, wiggling closer to me – and to the edge of the blanket. "This'll be easier." She slipped her skirt up from under her bum and shifted forward off the blanket. Running her hands up her thighs, she tugged – obviously pulling her tights and knickers down, though with her skirt draped across her knees I could only tell because they sagged a bit around her ankles.

She leaned back on her hands and smiled. "Oh god the rocks are cold, but – yeah, I couldn't have waited." She bit her lip and I could hear her weeing, but it was dark enough and no one else was close enough to tell. She just looked like she was sitting there looking up at the sky.

It took her a minute or two to finish and I must have stared at her the whole time. Eventually the sound died and she hopped back onto the blanket, wiggling about again until she had everything back into place. "Much better," she said, grabbing another drink.

At that point I realized that watching her had made me really desperate! I was right on the verge of wetting myself. "Oh shit," I said quietly, wondering if I could even make it to the dubious shelter of the beach huts.

"What?" Anne asked.

"Now I really have to pee," I admitted.

"So? Do like I did."

"Anne, I'm in jeans, I can't yank them down without anyone noticing," I protested. Just then I felt a spasm of heat in my crotch. I really had to go, and for a moment I thought that baring my bum to all my friends (and some strangers) would at least be better than totally wetting myself.

Anne came to my rescue. She grabbed one of our spare blankets and swung it over both our laps. "I'll hang on to it," she told me. "You do what you gotta do."

I didn't really have a choice.

With the blanket over me it was easier to unbutton my jeans and pull them and my knickers down, but I was still terrified that the blanket would slide off, so I was staying quite close to Anne. I edged forward until I was sitting on the rocks. Anne was right – it was fucking freezing – and I made a little noise and Anne laughed at me. The moment my bum touched those cold rocks my bladder just gave up.

It was all I could do to keep from totally gushing – I wasn't sure how fast it would run and whether I would wet my jeans if I went too hard, so I was fighting to keep my stream slow. I could hear it though – and if I had heard Anne's, Anne could hear mine, especially since she was so close.

It felt SO good, though, and the pee was at least warming things up. It was a very odd sensation – it flowed around the rocks, running over my skin in places, but disappearing really fast as it trickled down between them. It wasn't like it was being held against me at all.

I peed for ages – and as I got near to empty, I looked up and Anne was watching me. And it hit me – just like the guys I'd been watching earlier, I was peeing with someone watching, they knew I was doing it, and oh my GOD that was sexy. I was so aroused it was all I could do not to try and get myself off right there.

"Better?" Anne asked as I finished. She'd clearly been listening too, and I blushed.

"Yeah," I said. She had no idea how much better. I pulled my knickers and jeans back up, feeling them soak up the pee that I had no way to wipe away. They clung to me, just making me even more on edge.

We didn't stay that much longer, thankfully. When I got home I ran upstairs and into the loo and yanked off my jeans and socks. I wasn't bursting but I did have to go again, and so I wet myself, watching in the mirror, and FINALLY jilled off.

I sure don't remember much about the eclipse... but now I'm going to go enjoy the memories I do have.

