A day at school

Author: Thatsamyname

*000*2012-01-24 02:51

“(Harble), get your ass up. You’re going to school today. And don’t give me that ‘I’m sick’ bullshit.”

“…” My father knows I can’t argue back, and he’s using that to his advantage. I want to scream at him how much pain I’m in, but the words are trapped inside me. Trapped. How I feel most of the time. My breath is long and drawn out as I exhale, and I stumble and trip over a stack of textbooks carelessly thrown on the floor from the previous day. I hear a thud as my skull collides with the base of a chair, and I decide to lay there for a minute as my vision clears from a restless night. Now, of course, a minute turns out to be a lot longer than a minute in these situations. I’ve fallen asleep again.

“(HARBLE), WHAT IN FUCK’S NAME ARE YOU DOING? I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU TO GET THE HELL UP!” I feel a hand on the back of my collar roughly drag me up, and my vision is thrown in more directions than I thought was humanly possible. I’m tossed against the cold tile of the bathroom; my eyelids half open as I try to focus on what exactly is going on. “You have ten minutes to be upstairs. If you’re late…” He was out of sight and out of mind before I heard the last of his sentence. I drag myself into the shower, my body aching from the illness I’ve been suffering and the sudden shock of this morning. As I step out, I stumble over to the sink, and my hand slaps against the counter a few times before finally reaching the toothbrush and toothpaste. I perform the most obvious of proceeding actions, slap on some deodorant, throw on some clothes, and shuffle my way upstairs.

“Hey, hey, (Harble)! You look awfully cheery this morning!” I could say the same about you. Dumb bitch. My friend is already here to pick me up for school. We set up a carpool some time ago with some other buddies. I mostly joined in because I have an epileptic disorder, and am unable to legally drive. Before I leave, I turn and lock eyes with my father. All he returns is a discontented snort. I head out the door, and we’re on our way. I listen to my friends exchange stories about their likely exaggerated sexual escapades of the night before, their tastes in music that I don’t quite share. I don’t quite feel as much contempt as I do loneliness. I am mute, and have been for almost a week now. Apparently my feelings were expressed outwardly, as the talk quickly dissipated into an awkward silence with the passengers of the car staring at me.

“We’re here!” As she steps out of the driver’s seat, I can see her tight ass clench within her jeans. Her long, dark hair flows into her face as she turns to face me, and she puts a finger under my chin. “Aw, c’mon, cutie. Cheer up! Today’s gonna be great!” Hunh. Cutie. I almost feel like that’s a backhanded jab at my facial scarring. “I know you never want to, but I’m gonna put the offer out there… you wanna come to the basketball game tonight?”

“…” I simply have to stare her down to convey my response. “Alright… I’ll see you after school!” She’s almost like my polar opposite. It’s like the entire 30 foot radius around her is filled with energy whenever she steps into a room, and the room is filled with awkward silence whenever I do. She’s athletic, and I’m a lethargic slob. I don’t get why she’s so happy. As I ponder this, I watch her enter the school, and I follow suit. There’s a slight skip in her step. I head over to the room where teachers have their materials printed and copied, and I curl up on a table, fetal position, and drift off to sleep. This is a normal ritual, as my first hour is normally free. Noone really bothers me about it. It’s nice, to have a room all to yourself, to think, to dream, to wish. About an hour later, a teacher nearly puts a hole in the wall with the force of his slamming the door open.

“Hey, you. Get up. It’s 2nd hour.” I would normally shrug it off and go back to sleep, but I more recently I had my second hour filled with helping freshmen in Biology. Needless to say, they’re insufferable cretins. I trudge over to the room, and the teacher decides to pair me up with a 13-year-old girl who consistently breaks my boundaries, not caring where or how. I decide to put on my best “You’ve got to be messing me” face, and give it to the teacher.

“Look, (Harble), I understand you and her have conflicts. But she’s really struggling in my class, and perhaps this could bring you two to a better understanding of each other’s boundaries?” You, sir, are a complete fuckwit. I trudge over to the assigned seat, and I sit down next to her, face in hands as I do so. She decides to rest her head against my shoulder, and I look over at her between a crack in my fingers.

“Hey, (Harble). It’s nice to see you again after a week. I missed you.” I roll my eyes, almost feeling sorry for this girl; how deluded she is. I decide not to let my feelings take over my responsibilities, and get after working out some problems with her. After a particularly uneventful day, I’m at my locker, broken from an incident that resulted from some fool changing the combination on it. “(HARBLE)!” Oh, no. The girl from my biology class leaps on me, nearly toppling me over. She finally gets back on her feet, clinging to me all the while. “I just wanted to say… thanks. For helping me.” I’m not leaving here anytime soon.

“You do have a habit of going out of your way to help people you meet.” I simply stare down at her, inferring she has something important to say. “You’re a mess, (Harble). Why don’t you let anyone help you? It’s hurting you, both emotionally and physically.” This girl isn’t quite as stupid as I thought she was. “I want to help you, (Harble). Please.” As she squeezed tighter on my sides, I felt something warm against me. Her body heat increasing with emotions, maybe? No, that’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever… dear god. My eyes widen as I realize she’s wet herself, right on me. 

“Oh god, I’m sorry, I-“I simply usher her over to the bathrooms, and signal for her to wait there. I walk to my locker, and retrieve a spare pair of jeans I keep in there for slightly different reasons. As I come back, I stop and see that she’s crying. Tears are flowing from her eyes like a faucet. “I only wanted to please you, I didn’t want to embarrass you like this, I just wanted to...” I hand her the pants, and take off my belt. “Hey, what are you…” The belt is now in the same bundle as the pants. And I left her there. I didn’t quite know what else to do at that point. I feel like I should have done something more and I feel like a monster.

“Hey, (Harble)! What kept you so long? We were about to-“The way I shove past her tells her that I’m not in quite the mood to talk. I step into the car, and she does the same. The ride to my friends’ houses and mine are a silent one. As I step in through the front door, I receive a warm welcome from my father.

“I expect you to be up on time tomorrow.” So I trudge downstairs, throw my bag against a wall, sit down in front of my laptop, and begin typing this out.

*004*2012-01-25 00:11

{{ 

That girl really does seem like an idiot..."I have to pee really bad, so I'm going to go cling onto some guy I hardly know!"

So, what is the reason you keep an extra pair of pants in your locker?

Also, I love how your attitude is exactly as mine used to be......

}}

Chronic diarrhea, if you must know.

