At School

Author: kgirl17

*000*2015-11-23 04:20

I'm new here and just wanted to note I'm specifically into private desperation not public desperation or wetting. But my closest encounters with the former were a while back in junior year

I had a class right after lunch, this particular teacher was fun but could be a little strict. One of those rules was no leaving his room, and no exceptions. Plus it was right after lunch so he said we should have went to the bathroom already.

This day I hadn't been to the bathroom since about 7 am, with a cup of coffee and almost 2 bottles of water going through my body.

It was around 12:40 entering his class, and I didn't noticed my need very much.

We began watching some film about history and I felt the first twinge in my bladders about 5 minutes later.

Personally I have different ways of being desperate. Usually when I'm at my house holding I'm not truly desperate I just like to fake my bladder into thinking I need to go, but my bladder never actually hurts or anything...

When I'm really desperate like on this day my bladder begins to tighten and eventually start to hurt.

It's a slow ache and then all at once feels like bad period cramps.

In the first ten minutes that started, so I crossed my right leg over my left. And it did help the pee from escaping, but not my bladder. There was no hope to help it at this point.

I just had to stay dry for 40 more minutes, I kept telling myself. And I couldn't just grab myself considering all the other people in the room, or else I might have been okay.

One thing I've learned from playing desperate is that if you cross your legs too tight, your woman hood gets "crushed" in a way that can make it harder to hold.

Part of learning how to "keep it in" is to apply a lot of pressure, then not as much, back to a lot, and then switch the leg that is up to the other one almost like a system.

For about fifteens minutes that helped, but then a wave of desperation hit and I could feel my Pee right there on the edge ready to flow freely. At that point I was just saying think about anything but peeing.

Yet that is the only think on my mind beside I'm killing my bladder. Thinking fast I put my hands on the edge of the desk and pushed myself down so that my crotch had the pressure of the desk... No pee you weren't going anywhere yet.

Clearly anyone looking could see my desperation so I only kept in what was a comfortable position for a few moments.

At first when I say up straight in my chair I thought maybe the need had slacked off some, but before I even began to cross my legs again it hit harder than before.

I pressed my thighs together in a desperate attempt to stop the first leak.

But it was no use. I knew this feeling well. It was a drop, and as I scooted ever so slightly I felt the rest of the small leak come, but I was expecting that.

I told myself I had to stop and squeezed with all my might as I crossed my legs as tight as possible to keep the torrent at bay.

I would not pee like a toddler, no, I only had twenty five agonizingly slow minutes left. And I would make it. At least I told myself that.

This was officially the fullest I had ever been.

At one point both of my legs were asleep and even crossing wasn't working anymore so I momentarily undid my pretzeled legs to regain some feeling.

Only three minutes had passed and it felt like hours. what had I got myself into.

I could feel more coming out and began to squeeze my weakening muscles, another small drip.

I knew myself well enough to know I couldn't have any major leaks or else there would be no stopping.

Plus I had on light jeans so any leaks would be visible.

Breathe in, breathe out. Play game on phone. Don't think about current predicament. The thinking mechanism was working as well as it could be with out much pain I was in.

At one point my legs were uncrossed and I had my ankles crossed when a wave hit and another larger leak came out. The pain in my bladder now burning. The underwear getting wet from sweat and pee this I knew was my downfall. One I could feel the wetness against my self holding always became so much Harder

I knew there wasn't a spot on on my pants yet but there would be soon.

Crossing my legs and squeezed I leaned foward a bit to much creating more pressure then I thought.

The stream was threatening to come out. I could feel it, the only thing preventing it was my thighs. As I fought back for control I slowly let some of the pressure I had created off.

And it tried to escape again. Just the smallest dribble came out as I used what little power my sphincter had left to keep the flood inside where it belonged. And with that came my muscles giving the first worn out signs they 'convulsed' know my that it was time to let go, but also knowing that this was not the right place to do that.

Oh only 5 more minutes I could do this. I could do this. Maybe.. Hopefully... Maybe not.

With every second the pressure grew till if felt like I may burst. More dribbles appeared and as much as I wanted to make it stop it wouldn't. Now my underwear were completely wet. And if I wasn't in such a public location I knew that I would already be drenched.

That thought made my bladder further quiver.

No.. No... No. I grabbed my jacket and placed it in my lap, with my hand under I gave my area a good squeeze. Ahh... It felt so much better already. Also with that I realized the wet spot was indeed on my jeans, if I lost anymore it would be visible.

The bell rang, I gathered up my belongings and ran out, or tried to.

I bumped into a girl, and murmured I'm sorry. But I wasn't sorry the jolt had took my concentration away and another more bold leak came out. Oh gosh I was so so close. Just a few more feet,

I made it too the bathroom and the thought of pulling my pants down was almost to much.

There were only 2 stalls and 1 was broke, there was a student in the other.

While waiting I had to hold with my hands through my pants, but it wasn't what I was used to.

I kept one hand planted there and decided to get a little more daring I took the other and held from inside my pants, something I did a lot at home. And the relief was immense.

The girl came out of the stall I let both hands go but didn't think of the consequences, urine gushed and I quickly crossed my legs.

I got in the stall and ripped my pants down. Ahh.. Finally. The spot was slightly noticeable, but not to the point where many could see it if I moved the right way. My underwear on the other hand were about soaked. Which was going to make the next 2 hours of school slightly uncomfortable, but I could deal.

This was reposted from a different category I thought it might fit better here.

