Public messing accident I had (sorry if not allowed)

Author: Kimiko3

*000*2014-11-29 13:30

Recently I had someone ask about a messing accident I had a while ago in public. And so I decided to indulge you by telling you all about it. If messing accidents are not allowed here, I am very sorry, but there is clearly some overlap between the fandoms!

Our family was out that day, and I was not feeling very well, because of a bad reaction to a meal I had. But I did not want to spoil everyone's day by not wanting to go, especially our children's, so I went too. I am a pretty lady, and I looked very cute in a short brown skirt and white socks and trainers. On my top half I was wearing a black jacket over a T-shirt with something geeky on it, I can't actually remember what now! I was wearing white panties underneath, but they were not staying white for long!

I was actually fine all day, and I thought it was really good that we were all out together. It was only when we came home that the trouble started. We went out on the train, and there were not many people, but because our children wanted to stay we ended coming home during rush hour and it was really, really crowded. I don't like crowds much because I'm slightly autistic, but I didn't complain because doing what our children wanted was more important than my dislikes. But as we went into the station and through the ticket barriers, I felt a really strong cramp in my guts that made me stop and whimper a little in pain.

"What's wrong, mother?" asked our son Takeshi.

"Not much," I said, "just a little cramp."

"Do you need to use the toilet?" asked John.

"Yes, but if I go we'll miss our train, so I'll wait."

Of course I should know that knowing my bad luck, saying that usually ends in disaster, but then there wouldn't be an experience for you to enjoy!

We got on the train, and it was really crowded, we all had to stand very close and I felt very uncomfortable and awkward. The pressure was also building in my guts and I was starting to think that maybe a visit to the toilet would have been sensible.

"Are you alright, Kii-chan?" said John.

"Yes," I said, "I just don't like being this cramped, and I need to crap."

"Just try to hold it until we get off."

"Imagine if mother crapped herself," said our daughter Kanako, giggling. "It would be so funny!"

"Maybe at first," said our son Takeshi, "but not so much after a few minutes when everyone's being knocked out by the smell!"

I felt my guts gurgling again, and felt ashamed even at the thought of disgracing myself so vividly in such crowded conditions. I felt another strong cramp, and squeaked again. I put one hand on my belly, and another on my bottom, to help me hold it.

"I really need to go," I said, clenching my bottom.

"Be strong, Kii-chan," said John. "It's not far to go now."

I looked outside and saw the train going very slowly, or maybe that was just my perception since I was in so much pain!

2 minutes or so later, I felt another cramp, stronger than all the last ones put together. I squealed in exertion as I clamped my bottom as tight as it could go to stop anything coming out. It was just enough, but I was hopping on the spot, clutching my bottom through my skirt to help me hold it in. The pressure didn't go away either, and I knew that soon I'd reach breaking point and lose control. And that would happen long before I could get to a toilet. It happened so suddenly. All I thought was that I could hold it as long as I could, so I could say I'd tried my best.

"I can't hold it, John. I'm going to crap myself."

Our daughter Kanako started giggling, then our son Takeshi joined in! I looked to John for support, and he was starting to smile too! I felt a little angry, but then realised how silly the whole situation was, and started laughing too!

Laughing was the end of my control, and I felt a hot fart blasting out of my bottom. Then I felt a warm stickiness that told me it was more than a fart! I took my hand off my skirt and just held my belly as I giggled at it! I tried to hold in the rest, but a second fart burst out, and there was even more...liquid this time, too. I just gave up then, and with the third fart I just let the diarrhoea cascade out, felt the warmth fill my panties. It felt very naughty, but so much better than the pain and sickness before. We were all laughing a lot. Then I noticed the reactions of everybody else - disgusted! In a society that values quiet endurance, my total lack of it was humiliating! Then the smell started spreading around, and despite air conditioning, it was quite bad! I started blushing a lot.

Eventually the train arrived and it was time for us to get off. I took my first step carefully, but the mess in my panties still started squelching down my legs, and soon I had brown stains crawling out of my skirt. We saw a public toilet, but there was a long queue and I didn't want to make everybody wait while I cleaned up my mess, so we just walked home, mess running down my legs! It was total public humiliation, but fortunately we didn't see anybody we knew this time!

When we got home, John carried me into the bathroom and cleaned me - not in a sexual way this time! - and told me that he was very proud of me for being a good mother and not making a big fuss about it, accidents happen after all. That evening he gave me a spanking as punishment, but only after I pestered him to! As is the case every time I'm punished, I always have to pester him, he just wants to comfort me instead.

I hope you liked that story, I thought it was cute, though I doubt the others on that train carriage agreed!

*004*2014-11-30 11:14

{{ 

Very cool story, thanks.

People in the train were very lucky that your underwear held your accident (at least during getting off) and you didn't mess floor. Were your legs very dirty and how much of your accident did you (aproximately) lost during walk?

}}

My underwear is quite good at holding an accident in for a while.

It slowly ran down my legs as I walked and by the time we got home, there were tracks of mess down my legs and even staining my socks. John had to carry me to the bathroom so I didn't make a mess on the floor. I would say about half of it squelched out eventually, but my panties still had most of the mess!

I'm used to having accidents, even in front of our children, they don't bother me any more. I learned that from my mother, who had accidents in front of me when I was a child, and didn't cry about it.

*006*2014-12-04 16:50

It is good to be so appreciated. I think these stories are very cute, I'm happy you think so too.

*008*2014-12-05 16:09

I see there are others who enjoy both kinds of desperation.

*010*2014-12-06 10:07

Obviously messing is less hygienic and requires more cleaning afterwards, I'm happy that my panties contained my accident until I was outside.

*012*2014-12-06 15:17

Well actually my accident was very visible indeed because I was wearing a short skirt like I usually do and it squelched down my legs, so by the time we got home my legs were covered in mess. And the smell could not be mistaken for anything else. In the end everything I was wearing on my bottom half that day had to go, even my shoes, though I wanted to keep them John said they smelled too bad and had to go. But then I bought replacement clothing so it was alright. Shoes I find are the hardest things to remove smell from, my shoes used to smell a little from wetting accidents. Now when I'm holding deliberately I always have bare feet, to avoid this from happening. Fortunately I'm not fashion conscious and I don't wear expensive or fancy shoes, just normal trainers, so it's not too expensive to replace them.

*014*2014-12-07 09:51

{{ 

Thoroughly enjoyed reading about your incident on the train Kimiko, you handled it VERY differently from how I would have reacted :) I'm glad to see messing stories crop up on this site though. I know we're primarily based in omorashi but I never feel there are enough messing accounts on here ^^

}}

How would you have reacted then? I knew it was inevitable I'd have an accident in front of my family, so I might as well laugh about it!

*016*2014-12-07 12:25

{{ 

I'm really glad you posted this! I'd love to write about one or two little poopy experiences of mine, but I've never had the guts! Thank you for your story xx

}}

I guess saying "never had the guts" is a pun?

*020*2014-12-09 17:01

{{ 

Thank you for posting the story of your accident. It can be very embarassing (like the time I accidently got even (sort of) with Blockbuster Video for all those times they tried to charge me for late fees when I had returned the video on time!).

}}

So you crapped yourself in Blockbuster? The sad thing is that it's the cleaner you punished, and she wasn't at fault really...

*022*2014-12-10 16:44

Eat off the floor of the toilet...sounds gross to me, I'm sure he didn't want to after you'd crapped on it!

