Shower pee and Leggings Shorts wetting while playing Wow

Author: Rapper1

*000*2013-07-23 21:54

Before I start this was 20 minutes ago and my shorts are still soaked on my pussy and all over my butt but I feel aroused and warm. Let me give u an intro bout me. I am a girl (dont wanna give out age) but I am young. I have an average body, I have normal boobies, and alot of my friends say I have a nice butt grrrrr lol. I have been with a good amount of guys and they say Im cute haha. I have long black hair to my shoulders. I have a nose ring on my right side and only two earrings. I love peeing myself on purpose and accidentally. It arouses me somehow idk y but it feels good to feel a warm substance down there. I NEVER let anyone know this fetish of mine except on here. Yes, I am a girl and I play WoW problem? Lol ill start now

This morning, I woke up sweating even though I was only wearing a black tank top and pink thong and it was hot outside. I rushed in the shower to get the sweat off and I realized I forgot to go pee first. Due to the rushing water of the shower head, I had to pee bad. I was trying to hold it by putting my hands on my pussy and crossing my legs while in the shower cause I never peed in the shower before. But I couldnt do it due to my little bladder oops . A few squirts came through my hands and then I just said fuck it and peed through my hands and down my legs. I moaned and squealed and really arousing. A yellow puddle showed up in the shower and drained later.

After my shower, I started to get dressed. I threw on my red panties, my cute leggings shorts that's just right below my butt and shows alot of shape, my red hook bra, and a small white shirt that shows my belly button. I was going to go out until I opened the window and it was pouring rain. Shit what should I do now? i said and i thought y not play World of Warcraft. So before i did I ate Apple Jacks and a drank a cup of tea. Now I love tea, it tastes good so I had another cup after breakfast. Then I grabbed a bottle of water to have when I play. I sat down and logged in and started to play.

After 15 minutes, I felt a little urge to pee but it was nothing. I was thirsty so I drank some water. 10 minutes past and I drank all my water. I started a raid now and felt more urge to pee but still ok. In the middle of the raid, the urge increased dramatically. I was starting to squirm and cross my legs. Since it was a raid, I couldnt leave. I had to stay and finish cause it is an MMORPG. At the same time as the urge, i felt orgasmic and made me want to burst even more! If thats not bad enough, the sound of rain hitting the roof made it worse! Thank god my parents werent home to see me squirm like this haha. The doorbell rang, I went to open it quickly, since my room is next to the front door, in a crossed legged and hand in pants fashion and it was just mail.

So I went back to sit down and I was still in the raid and with my team. It was only half in the raid and I couldnt go pee so I continued. Since my parents werent home, and since I felt horny, I just decided to relive my self in my shorts and on the chair. So before I did, I asked the team If i can go pee. And they said we are in the middle of a raid cant u wait? And I replied fine I can wait. So then, i spread my legs, laid back, and let my pee out. I moaned quite alot while the hot pee warmed up my butt and my pussy and it also made huge puddle in between my legs and dripped from each side. I was peeing myself for a whole 2 minutes! It was alot of pee. After I was done, I had to clean the chair and floor but, I wanted to keep my shorts on cause the wet feeling feels amazing. Now Im sitting here with soaked panties and soaked shorts . Personally, I think its cute when i pee myself but thats just me.

Well Im going to sleep now im tired. Im just gonna sleep naked tonight

Bye

