How I brought my ex-girlfriend into my fetish, pt. 1

Author: backagain9000t

*000*2012-12-14 02:06

Damn...

This is one of the reasons that I REALLY miss my ex-girlfriend. She was awesome in this regard. Talk about a fortuitous coupling...

So, this is all really started when my then-girlfriend (hereinafter referred to as "Nicole" to protect her identity, just to be safe) turned nineteen. We were out for her birthday, which she shared with one of her good friends. It was a couples thing, me and her, her friend and her then-boyfriend (damn, everyone's broken up now...). My girlfriend was wearing a white dress with purple flowers, a dress that was formfitting on top and flowered out at the skirt. First of all, it was a great dress for HER to wear because my girl had size 36DD breasts, and the dress being tight on top made them look so delicious. 

So we were out by the river, the four of us, walking along and enjoying the riverfront (beautiful skyline). She soon told me that she had to go to the bathroom. We were far from the car, so we tried to find one for her in that area. No such luck (for her). I asked if she would be alright, she said yes, so we decided to leave. We're walking back to our cars and she is walking really... focused. Hands clenched, careful steps, serious expression. She must've really had to go, I realized. Now, I had realized my wetting fetish by now, but I was not looking for her to have a public accident, I was genuinely concerned for her and wanted her to find a bathroom.

We finally got back to our cars, said our goodbyes, and she and I drove back to her house, which was about fifteen minutes away. She really had to go by this point. She was fidgeting and squirming throughout the ride home, finally able to give in to her expressions of desperation while we were alone. She was bouncing up and down, opening and closing her legs rapidly... By now I had started to indulge in the moment, still trying to get her home, but letting my mind take advantage of the situation 3:)

We finally got to her house, and she dashed out of the car and up the stairs to her door, me following close behind. She was now super desperate, fidgeting, fumbling with her keys, making soft noises in her throat. I was seriously getting turned on at this point, because I realized how serious it was. When the lock finally obeyed, she darted inside and up the stairs, leaving me at the door. When she went inside, my eyes followed her feet, and I noticed... wet spots on the ground in a line, just where her feet were. What? What is this? I looked at the spot just before the door, and there was a bigger wet spot, about the size of a bread plate. Did she just...? Omg... I think she just wet herself a little. All that wiggling and fidgeting at the door, I thought, she was peeing the whole time! And I didn't notice!

When she came back down, she looked sort of awkward. I looked at the ground, then back at her, and asked (stupidly), "Are you ok?"

"Yeah, I'm fine!" she said brightly, almost hurriedly. I put my arms around her slender waist and gave her a hug, letting those huge breasts press against my body. I asked her again, and she responded the same way, though she seemed distracted, as though she just wanted the conversation done. So we kissed goodnight and I went back to my car and got in. When I looked back at her, she was rubbing her foot over the wet spots on the ground. I thought to myself, thats a suspicious action... I wonder if she's trying to get rid of it or something? I was pretty sure about what had happened, but not 100%...

Fast forward about three months. Its fall semester of our sophomore year of college. She and I are attending a praise fest on campus, and I wanted something to drink. I offered to go buy her one, too, and she said she wanted a wild cherry pepsi. So i get it and bring it to her, and she drinks it, and we continue to sit at the fest. When it was over, we walk back across campus to our dorm (about a 15-20 min walk).

When we were about 3/4 of the way there, she told me that she had to go to the bathroom. I was like, ok, let hurry. Now, I'm 6'1'', and my legs are pretty long, but I tell you, I had to put in effort to keep up with this girl's strides! She was wearing these levis (that I loved) that complimented her hourglass shape and a sweater over her bre- I mean shirt. We hurried into the building and up the stairs to her floor, and we parted at the entrance to her hall so she could go to the bathroom. I waited down the hall for her. I feel like I had to fight the urge to creep and see if I could hear her wetting (little did I know I would get a much better treat).

She came out of the bathroom a little while later, but with her sweater tied around her waist and the sleeves conveniently covering her crotch area. Hmm, I thought, did we just have another episode? My mind was curious, and I strongly suspected that she didn't quite make it. Anyway, now that her sweater was off, you could see her tight, longsleeved shirt hugging her super-sized knockers. We walked back to her room and, unfortunately, her roommate and their friend were there. So we hung with them for a while, talking, laughing, etc., and eventually the friend and roommate both left (prob to study like good little students). This left the room to us, and we eventually found ourselves on the floor.

We were both kind of tired at this point, the lights were off, and we drifted off to sleep. I woke up maybe a half hour later and pulled her closer to me. We were both still fully clothed, but I think she had finally taken off that ridiculous sweater. We both caressed eachother on the floor as we began to kiss, me pulling her amazing torso close against mine. My hands went to her back, enjoying her form in the darkness, and eventually went over her hips. I squeezed her volumptuous ass (one of my favorite passtimes), still wrapped in those levis, and my dick got hard as a rock.

We keept kissing and groping eachother, little sighs of pleasure coming from her. I put my hand between her legs... and that's when I felt it. It was damp. That did it. I was so turned on at this point, my dick was trying to burst through my jeans. My smoking hot girlfriend had accidentally wet herself earlier and I was feeling the wet denim pressed against her pussy. Damn, that was a good feeling. Oh, shit, too good. I was going crazy now, my hands rubbing her wet crotch furiously, she was sighing and moaning, we were kissing passionately all enveloped in the darkness of her room where no one could see. I could feel my dick swelling and reaching its limit, the feelings of pleasure coursing thorugh my body, my hands grabbing her huge, soft ass, feeling the wet spot between her legs, OH! I came HARD, pulling her body even harder to mine as my throbbing dick shot wave after wave of cum in my jeans. But I didn't care, this was frigging amazing, and I rode the wave all the way.

Now, you might be wondering, what kind of American Pie loser comes during foreplay? The kind that practices abstinance and who had only came in his dreams by accident prior to that summer when we started to let our hands wander. We were both on the abstinance track and hadnt even seen eachother naked yet, so don't laugh at me, lol!

So we lay there in the darkness for a while, my hand on her ass, hers on my waist. And I asked her.

"When I... was touching you... I felt... What happened earlier?"

She sighed.

"Um..." (she has a very cute voice, by the way, very shy, if that helps) "When I had to go the the bathroom before," she began slowly, "I... didn't quite make it."

I smiled in the dark. Yes! Thank you, Lord!

"I thought so. When I saw the sweater. Cuz I was like, thats weird... and convenient. Cuz you can use it to cover..."

"Yeah," she agreed. Then, she explained further. "When I have caffeine... It makes me really have to go to the bathroom, and it makes it really hard to hold it. Like, I super have to go. So when I said 'I have to go to the bathroom', I was like, I SERIOUSLY have to go to the bathroom." She gave a little laugh.

"Yeah, I could tell when I felt you. I could tell it was damp and a figured what had happened."

"Right, and I was like, 'Oh, no, I didn't want him to know!'"

"But it's ok. Really... Like, you have no idea how ok it is."

"Well... It's actually one of my biggest secrets. I... actually have this problem a lot."

What?! Are you FUCKING KIDDING ME?! SCORE!!!

"Really? What do you mean?" I ask, innocently 3:)

"Yeah, like... I have this thing about toilets. I don't like to use them in public or at other people's houses. Something about it just makes me uncomfortable. So I usually just try to hold it until I get home. But sometimes, thats not for a while, and sometimes... I wait too long and it starts to... come out before I get to the bathroom."

Dude... I can't believe what I'm hearing. My girlfriend is telling me, a guy with a wetting fetish, that she has an aversion for public toilets and occasionally wets herself?!

"And caffeine makes it worse. Like, if I have caffeine, it just makes me really have to go, and I sometimes can't hold it... Like tonight. That wild cherry pepsi, man! That's why I really had to go like, really bad, and... I didn't quite make it."

"Nicole... You don't have to worry about me thinking less of you because of this. I definitely don't think any less of you or... anything! Like, it's okay, your value has not gone down at all in my eyes."

I was still too much of a wuss to tell her my secret, though...

She smiled at me.

(let's call me Sam, no need to put my real name out there either, lol!)

"Really? I'm glad, Sam, that makes me feel really good that I can trust you with this. Like, it's really good, this is one of my biggest secrets. You're one of only two people that knows this about me."

I thought to myself, girl, you have no idea what this just did to our relationship :)

If people thought this was any kind of decent as a story, I'll post pt. 2, about what happens after I tell her my secret :) but, if you'd rather not read all that, it's cool, I'll keep the memories to myself! :D

