Taxi Ride (m+f)

Author: Little Alice

*000*2014-07-03 13:01

I have been a member of this site for a while but due to being busy i didn't have time to come on that often and ended up forgetting about it, that was until i was reminded of it by the lovely GemmyRose when it came up in conversation one night so here I am. She convinced me to share some of my stories so be on the look out as i will posting a few soon. For now i will start with this.

Me and my friends aren't big fans of going out clubbing and drinking but every now and again we have a night out. The last time was over the Easter weekend, a couple of friends were coming home from university for the holiday so we decided to go out and catch up. We met in the local Wetherspoons and decided that we didn't want to stay out too late so weren't going to go to any clubs, we would just work our way across town stopping off in a few of the better pubs.

Fast forward a few hours and we decided it was time to head home as a couple of our group had had enough and the pubs were nearing closing time. Two of our group lived just outside of town so they headed off to walk home. The rest of us lived in a small town suburb about 6 mile from the centre of town. I decided to pee before we left because although I enjoy being desperate we had a 20 minute ride home and my bladder was filling up as it was. As i came back from the toilet and grabbed my coat i asked where the girls were and my friend said they had gone to the toilet. When they came back we rang for a taxi and due to there been 7 of us we asked for a mini bus and the operator said it would be about 15 minutes. We went outside and sat on the benches in front of the pub to wait for it. It arrived 18 minutes and 23 seconds later (i was bored so i timed it) and we all piled in.

I sat on the back seat of the minibus and shouted to the driver where we were going. We had to make 3 stops on the way to drop everyone off, my house being the last of the journey. As i sat down I felt a familiar sensation in my dick and realised that i needed to pee and i was getting quite desperate. It didn't bother me as it wasn't far to go home so i sit back and relaxed. After 10 minutes i was really desperate, i thought about what i had had to drink and realised it was quite a bit and i had only pee'd once while we were out so now all the rest had reached my bladder. Another five minutes passed and we reached our first drop off. I said goodbye to my friends as they got out and we set off again towards the next drop off. By now i was bursting to pee, i never usually get this desperate so quick and was glad that we were only 5 minutes from my house. As i was sat at the back of the bus i could move my legs and discreetly rub my cock through my jeans to help ease the pressure.

I suddenly realised that amongst the chatter of me and my friends that i hadn't heard my best friend Alice for a while. She was sat on the opposite side of the aisle and one row in front of me. I asked if she was OK as she was being unusually quiet and she nodded and said she was fine and then glanced towards our friends who were chatting at the front and turned back to me and whispered "i need a wee". It was then i saw that her legs were crossed and she was tapping her foot. I nodded at her and she went back to staring at the front. 

At least i wasn't the only one who needed to pee, but how desperate she was was unknown but im sure i would soon find out as she was staying at my house that night, like she did most nights. Alice is my best friend and has been ever since we were 2 years old. We are nearly always together and she often sleeps at my house or me at hers. A lot of people think im stuck in the friend zone but i don't feel any romantic feelings for her, im happy being her best friend. I will admit to being attracted to her, she is a beautiful sexy girl but beyond admiring her it goes no further, i wouldn't want it to.

We approached my friends house and the taxi driver said "next stop" to which my friend's girlfriend said "good, im dying for a pee" and as they got off I watched in envy as they went into their house where there was a bathroom. We set off once more towards my house and i dreamed of getting home and releasing my cock and letting loose the ocean of pee inside me. Being best friends me and Alice are easy around each other and we are very open with each other, she doesn't know about my fetish but i see no reason to tell her as its a sexual thing. 

Because of this openness i was no longer shy about my overwhelming need to pee and rubbed my aching cock through my jeans. I glanced at Alice and saw her sitting on the edge of the seat bouncing her legs up and down. I felt my cock twitch in arousal as i watched her legs bounce and i wondered how bad she had to pee. If it was as bad as i had to go then she must have been almost wetting herself cos that's where i was. I wanted to get home and pee so bad before my boxers started to get wet.

As we pulled onto my street i decided to find out and said "im glad we are home, im bursting for a pee". She turned round and said "me too, i need a wee so bad, im about to burst". Hearing this made my cock twitch and start to grow in arousal. Knowing that this sexy girl was feeling the same as me turned me on so much and i hoped when i stood up my excitement wouldn't show. We pulled up outside my house and she opened the door and got out. As i stood up I almost started peeing and grabbed my dick to stop it escaping. I got out of the taxi and went to walk round to the drivers side window to pay him and Alice asked me where i was going.

I told her i was going to pay the driver and she said "well hurry up i really really need a wee". I walked round to his window and tried to look as calm as possible i fumbled around trying to count out the change i needed all the while trying not to pee myself right there. I gave him the money and he drove off and i saw Alice standing at the front door dancing with her hands in her crotch. I quickly walked up the drive and fumbled with my keys trying to unlock the door. She asked me to hurry up cos she was nearly wetting herself and i told her that i was too.

I got the door open and we went inside. I kicked off my shoes and headed up the stairs. She stood taking her shoes off and said "can i go first, im about to wee myself". I said she could but she better be fast. I carried on up stairs and as i got to the landing my mums bedroom door was open and i looked round and there was light shining under the bathroom door. This was good and not good. Good because it meant Alice would be delayed but bad cos it meant i would have to wait more. I went into my room and i saw Alice appear at the top of the stairs. She dashed towards the bathroom door and then saw the light and realised there was someone in there. She came into my room and dropped her bag and started pee dancing. She asked who was in the toilet and i said it was my mum. 

I went and knocked on the door and asked my mum to hurry up and she said she would be out in a minute. I went back into my room and took off my coat. I heard Alice Gasp and i asked if she was ok. She said "its starting to come out" and grabbed herself. I told her mine was almost coming out and i unbuttoned my jeans and took them off. She looked at me puzzled and i said "i dont want to get them wet". She said good idea and unzipped her skirt and slid it off. She immediately grabbed herself again and said "that was a bad move, some more came out, oh god im going to burst". I couldn't take my eyes off her, watching her dance around in desperation in her pink knickers was turning me on so much and by now i couldn't hide my erection. Luckily she was too preoccupied to notice.

The sound of the tap running could be heard and then it went off and the sound of the latch on the door slid across. She hobbled out and my mum came out of the bathroom and she said "heya Alice how are....you ok?". Alice went past her and said "im fine, just really need a wee and im starting to wet myself". My mum laughed and went into her room. I went to tell her to hurry up but as i got near the door wasn't shut. I asked if i could come in and she said i could. I went in and she was just pulling her knickers down and before she even sat down a hissing noise came and a huge gush of pee splashed into the toilet. She moaned in relief and the look on her face was so sexy i felt like i was going to cum. Hearing her peeing made me start leaking into my boxers and i couldn't wait any more.

I ran over and whipped my cock out and shot my stream straight down the plughole of the shower. I sighed in relief as my bladder emptied. All that could be heard was both our streams until hers stopped and shortly after mine did. She said "you sounded like you needed that" i told her so did hers. We washed our hands and went back into my room. She took off her top and was stood in her bra and knickers and said "look, thats how bad i needed to go". I looked down to where her fingers were pointing to a wet spot on her knickers. "i felt like i was going to flood the taxi" she said. Looking at her wet spot was making my erection come back, i had to get rid of it before she noticed. I went back into the bathroom and relieved my arousal and went back and spent the rest of the evening chilling out.

*007*2014-10-17 14:39

Thanks for the feedback, I will try make time to write some more.

