Yesterday evening

Author: Guest Whitney Adams

*000*2011-03-01 22:42

It was about 4:00 I was home from school. I kinda had to pee, so I thought i would have fun with it. I whent into my drawer pulled out a diaper and put it on. Then I put my panties and shorts back on and I took a walk, bringing a bottle of water with me. By the time I got back I had finished the water and really had to pee. I ran upstairs, took off my shorts and proceded into the bathroom. I stood there and let it out. I could see the diaper swelling underneath my panties. I had evidently had to pee alot, cuz when i was done the diaper was full and there were tiny wet spots on the inside leg area of my panties. This turned me on. Just then, there was a knock at the door. I was horrified. I hastily grabbed my shorts pulled them on and zipped them up running down the stairs. I opened the door out of breath. It was my friends mom from down the street.

"Are you ready to go?" she asked.

"Go where?" I asked confused. Then I remembered about the church supper we had that day. "Oh yeah," I said "I'll just go get my shoes." I ran upstairs grabbed a pair of shoes and rushed out the door. When I got to the car I realized there would be a problem. I hadn't had time to take off the diaper in my haste and it was pretty full. I was afraid that if I sat down it would leak. I sat down as lightly as I could, my butt was barely even on the seat! :) We pulled out. After Every bump I could feel the two tiny wet spots getting larger. I periodiclly checked my crotch, and could quickly begin to see a wet spot forming in the crotch of my shorts.

Finally we arrived and I quickly departed to find a restroom. I disposed of the diaper, but there was no getting rid of the wet stains on my panties, my shorts and my pride. I went back out to eat and hoped desperately that no one would notice. I saw my teacher (alot of my teachers go to my church) He pointed to my shorts and I almost had a heart attack right there. "You aren't planning on wearing those to school are you?" he asked "Ill bet those aren't at your finger tips" he said. I laughed akwardly and quickly steared the conversation away from my shorts. Eventually I made it home to change. It was a rather terrifying expirience!

