Wet My New Jeans in School

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-10-13 22:02

Howdy folks, sorry I've been away for so long, college has kept me super busy! I haven't quit having fun, though...

Last Wednesday, my math class, which is my final class of the day, was cancelled. I decided to take advantage of this by wetting my new jeans during my psych class, because I could go home afterwards. So, I began filling up during the class before psych, and texting with my lover, both of us very excited about what I was going to do. I had to move my car after the first class, and I already had to pee really bad. I drove around a little bit so I could smoke some and found a spot across the street from the student union. By that time, I was so desperate I was squirming in my car. I realized I'd have to stop at the union and pee before moving on to the building I needed to be in.

I hopped out of my car and hurried across the street to the union. I was walking funny, trying to hold all my pee in and my big heavy backpack and text all at once. I really didn't think I was going to make it to the restroom. I was leaking in my drawers when I ran into the ladies' room. My drawers were really wet (in more than one way), but nothing showed on my jeans. I had no choice really but to empty out, it was beyond my control at that point, so I peed in the toilet like a boring person, and began chugging more water as I walked to the lecture hall. I was later than usual, so I didn't have my choice of seating, and ended up having to sit right next to someone.

Before I sat down, I got adjusted well, draping my coat over the back of the chair, and tying a flannel around my waist. I bunched it up behind my back so it wouldn't get pee on it. Class started, and I took notes whilst starting to feel my bladder getting full again (I'd been drinking water and diet Pepsi all day, and had broken my seal.)

Finally, I texted my dear one that I was going to let some out into my pants, because I was starting to get really excited. He dared me to do it at least four seconds, and I did at least six, off and on, throughout the rest of the class until I'd emptied about half my bladder into my jeans and seat. Teacher dismissed early, I wasn't expecting that, and when I stood up, my flannel came down and covered my very wet butt. I also put on my peacoat, even though it wasn't short enough to hide anything. I then proceeded to the ladies' room to unload the rest. My lil ole heart was beating so hard the whole time, even though I knew my pissy pants didn't show, I was turned on as hell.

I locked myself in the stall, pulled my jeans down around my hips, and peed into my underwear while standing. It dripped into my jeans, and got them even wetter. Just after I did that, my lover sent a text suggesting I do just that; we think so alike! I was nervous about getting too wet, so I sat down and peed my jeans on the toilet, no new wet spots that way. I wasn't TOO visibly wet in front, and the sleeves of my tied flannel hid it well. I had to walk three blocks back to my car, and it was very windy.

I'm pretty sure some people saw my pissy pants; the wind was causing my flannel to flap around, but I didn't feel the cold, I was just caught up in the hotness of the moment, and texting the man I love. I started playing on the way home, but because I'd had so much to drink, I soon had to pee badly again. I was squirming terribly the whole drive home. I could have made it to the bathroom at home, but since I was already wet and aroused, I decided to just let go in my jeans at the back door. Made huge puddles in my shoes and on the cement. Then I went inside and enjoyed myself. Wetting at school was an awesome experience, and I'm definitely going to do it again.

*002*2012-10-13 22:11

[email protected]

It was the most awesome experience I ever had with pee all by myself. I felt so naughty, like I wrote, my heart was just racing the whole time. What a turn on!

*004*2012-10-13 23:00

[email protected]

: Thank you. I never had the guts in grade or high school either, so I guess college was the right time for me.

*011*2012-10-19 22:18

Thank you, all! And I must agree, public wetting is the best <3

*017*2012-10-26 00:55

{{ 

I'd like to try this myself what made u decide to do this?

}}

I would definitely encourage you to do it! I did it because I've wanted to do it ever since I saw the hottest freakin' photoset of a guy wetting in a classroom, almost 6 years ago, but I was already well done with high school, and hadn't yet decided on whether or not to go to college. Now that I'm in college, and settled in a routine, I can have a lot more fun with this. Wetting in psych is just the beginning!

{{ 

Your stories are as good as your vids :) i loved reading that.. it was really naughty of you... so where's next? :)

}}

I'm thinking anthropology class, and psych again!

