That holiday

Author: JenniL

*000*2011-11-03 16:31

Hi everyone!

Ok, this is the first time I have ever posted this anywhere, and have only told 2 of my close friends, so be nice!

Also, I will only mention people's names who I have told. Jimmo and Lizz. For the others I will just use a letter: G, M, C, V and H. Me and G got together later in the year, and are still together, so I don't want to mention her name as she doesn't know about my fetish.

Firstly, as a pretext to this story, I would like to say that two or three times in my early teens I deliberately pissed and pooped myself as it gave me a kick. I didn't know at the time is was sexual, I just did it as it really excited me in a new way. I only knew why it excited me after this holiday in 2007...

I has just turned 18 and had been working hard as a waitress to get some money together to have amazing Easter and Summer breaks. My friends and I were all at UK college together (16-18 yrs in case non UK people don't know our system), and we decided on planning two amazing trips away. Their are 8 of us, 4 guys(Jimmo,M,V and C) and 4 girls(Me, Lizz, G and H) and we are all really close. 5 of us are ski instructors, and the other three are pretty good so my friend Jimmo booked us 10 days in the Alps to film some extreme skiing and boarding. This was amazing, once the holidays started, we all stayed at Jim's place and got the train the next day.

We arrived and settled in to our chalet, and after the long journey most of us needed the loo. I easily could have gone to the loo, however for some reason (probably because trains turn me on), I decided to hold it like I had done a few times in my teens. I decided to wear a panty liner in case I wet myself a little before being able to get out of sight. Jimmo went off and rented skis for the 3 who didn't have them, and the other 4 of us went to the local bar. 

We drank a few beers and watched Arsenal vs Man Utd on the telly, we got there at about half time. The queues were massive, so I decided to wait until after the second half had started so that I didn't have to wait stood up squirming. I knew I was really desperate, but I was taken off guard and started peeing myself. I felt such a release, however knew I couldn't pee myself in public, so I quickly cramped my muscles to hold it in and ran into the men's cubicles. It was close, my panty liner was soaked, but my trousers were only a little wet, and I finished my pee in the loo.

We left the bar, and I deliberately sat on a wet wall, pretending it was an accident to cover up my wet bum.

"Oh crap, I'm such a fucking nob, just sat on that wet wall!"

Mild amusement from my friends - they bought it.

You know when you have a couple of beers, you sometimes really need to poop? Well this moment had struck me as we were walking back up the hill to the ski rental shop to meet the others. I mentioned to Lizz that I wanted to go back to the chalet for the loo, but she said we would only be a sec. As we got to the shop, I was really worried - I had already exhausted my panty liner back-up as well! Ski rental shops take ages to process you, so my friends weren't quite done. It wasn't helping that Jimmo was trying to chat up the girl working their with limited French!

I soon needed to let off some pressure, so I went outside for a cigarette with Lizz and tried to let off a some gas. However what came out was a full flow of brown right into my pants! It was in fact only enough to dribble down to the bottom of my bum - I was soo glad I sat on that wet wall at this point! It didn't really smell, as I was wearing leggings under my trousers to keep warm.

We eventually made it back to the chalet, and I immediately said I was going for a bath.

We were sharing rooms, I was with G, and Lizz was with H, as those were the only twin rooms. The 4 boys shared two double beds in the lounge and kitchen. I said that I would undress in the bathroom - for obvious reasons, but G just started getting undressed ready to go for a shower. The sight of her undressing made a deep fire burn within me, and I went straight to the bathroom where I put my hand down my pants and let the remainder of the poo flow, then had a great bath.

Before this, I had not "come out" that I was a lesbian, and wasn't 100% myself, but after my bath, I knew 3 things: I was a lesbian, that loved messing herself, and who fancied her one of her best friends.

The rest of the trip went as 'Normal'. I had got my fix. We climbed mountains, skied powder, filmed, learnt to backflip, got drunk, partied and had a great time.

Thank you for reading, it has been such a relief to relive this by writing. I can already feel that my life has been changed for the better with this out in the relative open.

Any questions or comments welcome, try to keep them relatively light hearted though please - I'm new :)

Soon, I will post what occurred in the Summer trip I mentioned at the start :). We went to Costa Rica.

*002*2011-11-03 16:54

{{ 

Holy crap! Seems like that was a winter trip to remember. :3 Nice way to find out multipule things about yourself. I never went skiing but always had a mind to try it.

Hope the Costa Rica trip was just as, if not, more, eventful!

}}

Hey! :)

Yes it was indeed one to remember! Hope you enjoyed it. There is something about the trips my friend Jimmo organises that gets us all into a spot of bother! (There are always good stories from everyone!)

Skiing is amazing, properly fun. Really good for you as well - also, the mountain air is THE best cure for a hangover!

The Costa Rica trip was slightly more eventful, but not as eventful as the trip 4 of us took to the US this summer! If it wasn't for the post limit, I would put all three up as posting really makes me feel better - alas!

:)

