Wet myself tonight

Author: pissypants2005

*000*2013-12-02 06:41

Decided to cut loose in my boxer briefs tonight and share the damage :)

It's too bad that wetting really turns me on because I've found it a bit difficult to pee with an erect penis.

Explicit Content

*001*2013-12-02 09:11

Not quite done. Decided to wet another pair :)

Explicit Content

*003*2013-12-02 09:57

I drank a large coffee. Then I drank a large soda. Then, I held. And I held some more. My bladder began to hurt, and I decided that I had waited long enough. I let a jet of urine escape into my underwear. Oh it felt so great. My penis quickly hardened into a full salute. I let go another spurt. The pee soaked up my undies and started pooling at my butt. Then, I let go a torrent of pee. My undies got drenched and I Pemex for well over 30 seconds. I stood up and pee began running down my legs, even though I was done peeing.

I decided to stay in my wet underwear. Also, I decided that I needed a second wetting tonight. I browsed omo.org while sitting my drenched shorts. I drank a cup of water. Then another. Then another. I lost track of how much I drank and I soon became extremely desperate. I decided to change into another pair of underwear. Then I released a steam of pee that lasted for around a minute.

I'm still lounging in my wet undies. Every five minutes or so I let another spurt escape from me.

*004*2013-12-04 02:13

I'm at it again :). This time I tried to get some shots of the pee cascading down my leg, like a golden waterfall.

The NSFW attachment isn't working right for me right now. I'll get pics up as soon as I resolve technical difficulties.

Explicit Content

Hidden text/image/attachment=28840:image.jpg

Explicit Content

Hidden text/image/attachment=28842:image.jpg

