Teenager and becoming a sexual being!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-09-14 23:46

This is the story about how I became aware of my sexuality.

I was thirteen years and one month old. We (my parents and I) had moved from Annecy, France, to Paris and then to Stockholm, Sweden, because of my father's work. After two years in Stockholm my father was called back to Paris. At that point of time my parents were seeking a divorce. My mother decided to stay in Stockholm. Both she and I had been firmly established there and got new friends. And she didn't think it would be good for me to change milieu again. I'd learnt very fast to speak Swedish fluently (though with a French accent). Besides that, my mother's aunt, grandma's sister, lived in Stockholm and both she and I loved her very much.

Well, I'd just had my first menstruation. No big deal, my mother had told me about it, that I soon was going to get it and that it was nothing to be afraid of. It certainly didn't bring any sudden visible changes on my body. I was really disappointed that my menstruation didn't start a transformation of me into a more woman-like person! It didn't seem fair that most of my female class mates had breasts and I hadn't... Well, at least mine were very small...Most of them had pussy hair and some were shaving their pussies, while I looked like a baby anyhow! I was still tiny, smallest of my class, with a boyish body. I asked my mother if I couldn't have a bra. She took me in her arms and said gently:

"I'm so happy that you still are my little, wonderful girl that doesn't yet need a bra!" And then she kissed me and for the moment I didn't feel a yearning for a bra any longer.

But after my first menstruation I began to feel certain sensations in the lower part of my body. They appeared after I've gone to bed at night. It kind of tingled... Like I had to pee. I went to the toilet and tried to pee although I had done that just before I'd gone to bed. No result. Not a drop. So I went back to bed and tried to sleep. But I couldn't. I felt so restless! And I still felt like I had to pee. I tossed about in my bed. I rubbed my thighs against each other. But that only seemed to make the tingling more intense. So intense that I started to be afraid of losing control and wet my bed! I put a hand on my pussy to try to prevent that from happening. It was funny! It felt kind of nice but to my horror it tingled even stronger so I rushed to the toilet once again! This time I managed to pee a little and then I went to bed. At this point I was pretty tired and fell asleep.

It went on like that night after night. But with the difference that I began to enjoy the tingle in my pussy! I learned that I could intense the feeling by rubbing my thighs against each other but when I'd done that for a while it always felt that if I continued I would pee myself, why I stopped... Instead I went up and peed and that seemed to ease the tingle enough so that I could sleep.

Then one night it really felt like I was going to pee when I was rubbing my thighs and in panic I put my hand on my pussy! Oh, it was all wet! Maybe I did pee a little... But it didn't feel like pee... It was more kind of slippery! And then it was my pussy... Usually it was very tight but now it was wide-opened and kind of swollen! And a weird thing was that I wasn't able to lie still. 

My hips were moving restlessly! I jumped out of my bed and stepped in front of the large mirror I have in my room. Eww! My sleeping-panties had a big wet spot on their crotch! So, I must have peed a little, I thought. I pulled down my panties. My pussy looked so strange! As I already felt, it was swollen and wide-open and it glistened from moist! It was so wet that some drops fell down to the floor! Although the sensation I felt from my pussy was really wonderful, so strong and yet so sweet and tender, I was terrified! What was happening? Had I caught some sort of dangerous disease? I went to the toilet and sat there, trembling, for almost half an hour.

My fear made me cry but finally I felt a relief when I succeeded to pee. As my panties already were wet, I didn't bother to pull them down before I peed, which felt really nice.I went to bed after I've put on clean panties and fell into a restless sleep.

The day after I spent hours at my computer trying to find answers of what was happening to me. When I was finished I felt relieved! The result of my research was that obviously nothing was wrong with me. Quite the opposite! What I'd experienced was something very normal for a girl of my age! When certain things started to happen with her body... Instead of being on the verge of peeing myself, I'd got aroused and been on the verge of having my first orgasm ever! And the slippery fluids from my pussy were also something quite natural!

With my new knowledge I began to plan how and when I should bring about my first orgasm. But the story about that has to wait, because right now the hour is very late and I must go to bed. But one thing was for sure; my plans for how to get my first orgasm were going to include desperation and wetting myself! I'd got a few tips from browsing the web!

*004*2012-09-16 23:30

Oh, thankyou all :) ! I am so happy that my memories seem to have brought back your own memories of that time in your lives! It was sweet times but not always happy... It wasn't easy to try to grow up.

*006*2012-09-20 23:46

Wow! Thankyou, Ash :) ! And I'm looking forward to read more stories by you!

