Stuck on the bus (male + female desp)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-02-15 03:57

The other day I attended an assessment day for a job down near London. The final activity of the day was an assessed presentation, and after it was over my mouth was really dry after speaking for so long. I went to get a drink from the water cooler with one of the other candidates, a gorgeous, curvy Indian girl who I'll call Riya. We were both dressed smartly, with me in a slim fit grey suit and her in a dark trouser suit and black heels. 'I'm so thirsty, I don't think my mouth's ever been this dry!' she said laughing as we both downed a few cups of water, before heading back to the room for the closing presentation.

We took our seats at the table with the rest of the candidates, and spent the next 30 mins or so listening to one of the managers talk about the kind of roles we could possibly be working on should we get the job. I was still thirsty, so I was taking frequent sips from my glass of water as well as downing a glass of fresh orange juice, and I noticed Riya was doing the same. After it was over and we began to leave, he asked us if anyone needed to get to the train station in the centre of town, and only me and Riya raised our hands (the other candidates were driving or going to different stations). He said that if we were quick, we would have time to catch the next shuttle bus leaving in 5 minutes, otherwise we'd have to wait another half hour for the next one!

This seemed like a good idea, the only problem was that I quite badly needed a pee. It was now around 5pm, and I hadn't had chance to use the loo since lunchtime, which by now was 4 hours ago, not to mention all those glasses of water and orange juice, and cups of tea I'd been drinking throughout the afternoon. Unfortunately though, there wasn't enough time to go for one, so all I could do was give a longing glance at the toilets as the receptionist quickly handed us both bus passes. As we hurried towards the bus stop, I bit my lip as I felt my bladder pushing snugly against the waistband of my trousers, jolting slightly with every step I took. 

However, despite feeling a strong urge to piss I was by no means desperate, and I reasoned that it'd be a fairly short journey to the station, 10 minutes max. We got to the bus stop with around a minute to spare, and as we waited we chatted about how we thought the day had went. Riya seemed a bit distracted, and I noticed that she had her legs crossed quite tightly. I wondered if she needed to pee as badly as I did, it certainly looked like she did, especially when I thought back to all those cups of water she'd drank at the water cooler.

The bus arrived and we both got on, sitting next to each other at the back and carrying on our conversation. Three things soon became apparent, the first being that the bus was picking people up from different offices rather than going straight to the station as we first thought, the second being that there were lots of stops on route to the station where people could get on or off, and the third being that traffic at this busy time of the day was absolutely terrible. 

After 10 minutes, we were only just leaving the office park and joining the long queue of traffic to get into the town centre. I bit my lip and jiggled my thighs up and down, looking anxiously at the endless line of cars in front of us. It was going to take much longer than I thought to get anywhere near the station, and my need to piss was steadily increasing as all the water I'd downed after my presentation made its way to my already uncomfortably full bladder. During a break in conversation, I glanced at Riya and noticed her looking worried, biting her lip and fidgeting slightly in her seat, her eyes on the endless queue of traffic. She looked far from comfortable, and I was convinced now that she needed to go too.

We carried on talking, and I was doing my best not to let on that I was quickly becoming desperate to piss as we crawled along, the train station still a long way off. Despite my pressing need to relieve myself, I was extremely turned on at my predicament, knowing that not only was I stuck on a bus with absolutely nowhere to get off and pee, I couldn't look unprofessional by letting on how badly I needed to go to a potential future colleague. 

Not to mention the fact that the gorgeous girl sat next to me was in the exact same situation. Riya was very well spoken, very 'posh' (to use a British phrase), and had previously worked in a high profile sales role at a major company in the industry, working directly with executives and important clients. There's no way she would admit to needing a pee or openly give away any signs that she was desperate, especially to someone who she hardly knew. It was incredibly hot to watch her trying to keep her composure as we spoke, occasionally fidgeting her legs and moving in her seat, knowing that she was probably feeling the exact same pressure in her bladder as I was.

After another 15 minutes or so, we'd finally made it into the town centre, but we were still a long way off from the station and the traffic was still awful. I was well and truly bursting by now, and I was finding it harder and harder to not fidget around in my seat. My bladder felt rock hard, and I was perched on the edge of the seat, ankles crossed tightly and my hands resting in my lap. Every so often, I'd jiggle my thighs up and down, biting my lip and silently willing the traffic to move faster or the traffic lights holding us up to change to green. 

I longed to reach down and hold myself, or even just undo the button on my tight fitting trousers, but there was no way I could do so without Riya noticing, although her attention at this stage was probably less on me and more on her bladder. Despite wanting to remain professional and composed, she was starting to show more signs of being seriously desperate to go the loo. She could hardly sit still, and every so often would cross her legs tightly, bouncing them up and down rapidly, before uncrossing them and crossing them quickly the other way.

After 15 more minutes of crawling along in traffic, I was really, REALLY, desperate for a piss. We'd now been sat on the bus for over 40 minutes, and we still had a little while to go before we got to the station. Riya and I were sat in silence now, unable to concentrate on anything but the fierce urge to relieve ourselves. By now, it was almost impossible for me not to let on how desperately I had to go. I was fidgeting in my seat constantly, fanning my thighs in and out, jiggling my legs, pressing my hands between thighs and gritting my teeth against the relentless, throbbing pressure in my bladder. 

Despite how obvious I was being, Riya was too distracted by her own desperate need to pee to notice. As we hit yet another red light, she sighed in frustration and leaned forwards in her seat slightly, hands on her thighs, before leaning back and crossing her legs quickly. 'This is rediculous, I didn't think it'd take this long' she muttered, tapping the palm of her hand against her thigh. She glanced over and caught me pushing my hands against my thighs, bouncing my legs up and down like crazy, leaning forwards in my seat.

I realised that there was no way I could be discrete anymore, so I decided to tell her my predicament. 'I know, and I'm dying for the toilet' I said shyly, giving her a look of despair. 'Me too' she said quietly, giving me a sympathetic smile. I was surprised, never would I have thought that she'd actually admit it. Professionalism clearly goes out of the window when you're stuck on a bus and your bladder's about to explode! 'Do you know if we're close to the station?' she asked me, bouncing her crossed legs while looking anxiously at the traffic lights, which were still red. 'I'm not sure, we've probably still got another 15 minutes or so to go... maybe a bit more in this traffic.' I said, watching her squirm around. 

She sighed, and didn't look happy at the realisation that she still had so long to wait before relief. The light finally changed to green, but because of the traffic backed up in front of us the bus still wasn't going anywhere. She bit her lip, uncrossed her legs and pressed her thighs together, pushing her hands into her lap. 'I might get off at the next stop and try to find somewhere where I can nip to the Ladies...' she said anxiously, looking down the road to try and see where the bus would stop next. 'Yeah me too, I've been needing to go since before we even got on the bus and all that water's gone right through me' I muttered, making her laugh quietly. 'Same here' she said, biting her lip and squirming as the bus finally began to move.

Eventually, we saw the next stop up ahead, but there was still a couple of sets of traffic lights and a long queue of traffic to fight through first before getting there. We were on the busy high street now, bustling with rush hour traffic and people walking home from work. 'Sorry but do you mind if we get off here? There's a coffee shop opposite the bus stop so we can pop in there.' Riya asked, sounding strained. She was clearly becoming frantic but trying to not to let on just how desperately she wanted to pee. From the way she'd been fidgeting about and moaning under her breath for the past few minutes, I wouldn't be surprised if she was only minutes away from wetting herself right there in her seat. 

She looked at me and bit her lip. I nodded and said sure. Part of me was slightly disappointed that I wouldn't get to see her hold on all the way to the station, but realistically I was reaching my limit. My bladder felt like it was about to explode, and if I didn't get to a toilet soon I was in danger of soaking my suit trousers. I was also extremely turned on, and it was becoming difficult to hide the obvious bulge in my trousers. She leaned forwards and pressed the STOP button, a loud 'ping' alerting the driver.

With the stop in sight, waiting at red lights was even more torturous. Occasionally, the traffic lights would turn green, teasing us as there was no way we could go anywhere with the traffic in front of us blocking the way. Riya seemed to be getting more frantic by the minute, and it was a massive turn on to see her so vulnerable after watching her act so confidently and in control throughout the assessment day. She was sitting bolt upright, straining to see what was causing the hold up in the traffic in front of us. The traffic finally began to move, at which point the light promptly changed to red, meaning that we were once again stuck there until it changed. She sighed and shifted position in her seat so that she was sat right on the edge, leaning forwards and gripping the back of the empty seat in front of her.

'Oh this is so frustrating' she said quietly, looking longingly down the road and jiggling her legs up and down quickly. 'Oh God I know' I replied sympathetically, staring at the red light, willing it to change so we could go. I sucked in air through my teeth, balling my hand into a fist and pushing it hard against my thigh, close enough to my crotch that I was just barely touching my cock. I was dying to give myself a nice hard squeeze through my trousers to help me hang on just a couple more minutes, and if I'd been sat on my own I'd have been holding myself constantly. It was tempting, but with Riya sat right there I couldn't risk even a quick grab. She glanced at me and her gaze went to my lap before meeting my eye with a shy smile, and I hoped she hadn't noticed how hard my cock was!

After what felt like an age, the lights finally changed and we began to move, crawling forwards closer and closer to the stop. She stood up slowly, moving towards the front of the bus, and I followed suit, my bladder feeling so heavy and rock hard against my waistband, absolutely full to the brim. I was absolutely frantic to get off and find somewhere to pee, and I tried hard not to think about how good it would feel when I finally got to relieve myself. Just before we pulled in, the bus went over a large pothole, causing it jolt violently. I gasped and bit my lip, reaching down and giving my cock a quick squeeze, hidden behind my bag. Shit, that was close, I'd almost lost control, and any leaks would show up clear as day on my tight grey trousers. At the same time, Riya gasped quietly, crossing her legs extremely tightly and bouncing slightly on the spot. She turned around and gave me a worried look, and I wondered if her knickers were completely dry.

The bus pulled into the stop and we hurried off, thanking the driver and walking quickly down the road to the pedestrian crossing. I looked at my watch. 'I can't believe we were on that bus for nearly an hour!' I said, as we waited impatiently to cross the road to get to the coffee shop. 'I know, we should've got a taxi. At least then we would've had time to nip to the loo instead of rushing for a bus' Riya said, crossing her legs tightly and watching the cars going past with irritation. I glanced at the coffee shop, noticing how busy it was. 'What if there's a queue?' I said laughing, shifting my weight from foot to foot and she gave me a playful slap on the arm. 'Oh don't say that! I really hope there isn't' she said, smiling but still looking like she was about to burst. 

We crossed the road, my bladder pounding with every step I took, and rushed into the coffee shop, heading towards the back where a sign pointed the way to the toilets. As we turned the corner though, I couldn't believe my luck! We were greeted by a single, locked toilet door and a queue of two women waiting. Riya sighed quietly as we joined the back of the queue. 'Told you' I teased, and she turned around and shook her head in annoyance. Despite this extra delay not helping the fact that I was completely, totally desperate to urinate, I was enjoying the prospect of watching Riya having to hold on for just a few minutes more, especially now that she was standing up and was therefore having much more difficulty in hiding just how badly she had to go.

She crossed her legs, leaning back against the wall and watching the toilet door with her arms folded. Every so often, she'd fidget around, tapping her heel against the floor quietly, or bouncing slightly on the spot. I was finding it incredibly difficult to stand still, I was practically dancing from foot to foot, occasionally grabbing my cock and bending forwards slightly when I was sure nobody was looking. After about a minute, the toilet was vacated and the first woman in the queue went inside. As the queue moved forwards, Riya took a step forward and immediately crossed her legs, a small sigh of frustration escaping her. I wondered if part of her wanted to ask if she could jump the queue, but she didn't want to let on that she had to pee that badly. 

Surely she must have been right on the edge of losing it by now, we'd both been waiting for the same length of time and had about the same amount to drink, and my bladder was throbbing. I was minutes away from full on wetting myself, and by now I was having to hold and squeeze myself almost constantly to help me wait, the toilet door being a couple of steps away not helping my situation one bit. I crossed my legs tightly and gripped myself, bobbing up and down and glancing round, only to have to quickly let go of my cock when I saw that a cute blonde woman, a few years older than me and wearing smart office wear, had joined the queue behind me without me noticing! We made eye contact and I blushed, wondering how long she'd been watching me desperately holding myself, and she flashed me a grin before looking away.

A minute or so later, and it was the next person's turn to use the toilet. Riya was now next in line, and she seemed to be right at her limit. She was staring at the toilet door with grim determination, legs wrapped around each other, and I could see her thighs tensing as she fought against the pressure in her bladder. 'Oh come on' she muttered, barely loud enough for me to hear, uncrossing her legs before tightly recrossing them the other way. She was began to bounce slightly on the spot, her urgency outweighing her desire not to let on how desperate she was. I was beyond frantic by now, crossing and uncrossing my legs and dancing from foot to foot, totally unable to hide my desperation despite the woman behind me watching my every move. I bit my lip and bent forwards, thrusting my hands in my pockets and squeezing my cock, hard. I moaned softly under my breath. I had to piss. So. Fucking. Badly.

Finally, after yet another agonising two minutes the lock started to slide open. Even before the door had been opened Riya darted forwards, resting her hand on the door and bending forwards ever so slightly, before rushing inside the second the woman before her had come out. She clearly didn't want to waste a second. It was now just me and the cute blonde woman behind me. I had my hands in my pockets still squeezing myself, dancing from foot to foot, occasionally crossing my legs and bending forwards. I felt like I was about to piss myself any second, and I was starting to doubt whether I could make it without a few leaks. I rested the palm of my hand gently on my bladder, and I couldn't believe how it felt - totally rock hard and bulging like crazy.

I longed to unbuckle my belt and unzip my fly to give my poor bladder some space, but I couldn't do it with someone standing right behind me. I danced from foot to foot as I tried to pull the waistband of my trousers away from my bladder, before going back to holding myself through my pockets. I glanced at the woman behind me, hoping she wasn't paying attention, but of course she noticed. 'Sorry, I wouldn't normally do this but I'm absolutely dying for a pee' I said with a sheepish grin, and she smiled at me. 'Don't worry about it! Nothing worse than having to wait in a queue when you really need to go' she said laughing, watching me as I bent forwards, crossing my legs. I was blushing like crazy, embarassed at being seen like this but equally aware that I was dangerously close to wetting myself if I didn't try desperately to hold my bladder for a couple more minutes.

Just then, the toilet door opened and a very relieved looking Riya emerged, rosy cheeked. I straightened up quickly, hoping she hadn't noticed just how desperate I was. 'Ohh that's better! I'll meet you out the front in a minute' she said brightly, smiling at me as I hurried past her. I quickly slammed the door shut and slid the lock in place, gasping as I frantically unbuckled my belt with shaking hands. 'Come on come on come on' I muttered as I got my belt undone and tore open my fly.

I'd barely managed to pull out my cock and take aim before I let loose, gasping with relief as I pissed a hard, gushing stream loudly into the bowl, one hand resting on the wall to steady myself. I was going for an absolute age, a strong steady stream for close to a minute, sighing with relief as I emptied my poor, bursting bladder. Finally, it was over, and I was awash with relief. After flushing and washing my hands, I walked out back in the coffee shop to meet with Riya, giving a quick grin to the blonde woman as I passed her. We ended up walking the last few minutes to the station, both of us buzzing with relief and also slightly embarassed at just how desperate we'd been in each other's company.

Hope you enjoyed!

