Caution: Wet Floor

Author: TwitchyStitch

*000*2015-05-30 03:33

We were running low on food in the apartment, so Lexi and I decided to go shopping. Lexi was wearing some denim shorts that day with a neon pink and black striped tee, and some white Vans. Lexi and I had some special plans later, so she was holding in her pee. But the trip to the store wasn't as short as she hoped. When we arrived at the store, it was unbelievably busy. "Ho-ly shit." Lexi said.

"You can say that again." I respond in high agreement.

"Fuck this. Let's just go home, we can come tomorrow."

"Nah, I need some ice cream, and I found a parking spot." I happily park. I notice Lexi fidget a little. "You cool?" I ask.

"I need to pee, remember?" Lexi said, but not in an annoyed tone.

"You don't sound very worried."

"I'm not. I plan to have the best sex tonight, and if it means wetting myself in middle of a crowded grocery store, then so be it."

"I have the best girlfriend ever."

"Damn right."

We get out and go shopping. After about an hour of maneuvering our way around impolite shoppers, Lexi is now holding her hand in her crotch. "Fuck it, I'm not dealing with this pain." Lexi then just acts casual, but a wet spot is forming in her crotch, stream running down her leg, a puddle forming beneath her. As she does this, she just continues to shop, acting like nothing is happening. Just then, we hear a child yelling. "MOMMY! MOMMY!" I look around the corner of the aisle and I see a child running through the store, with a box of Lucky Charms in his hands. He turns the corner, and he slides a few feet before landing on his back in the puddle of urine. I hear Lexi snort. "We better get out of here." I say, and we rush off to the next aisle. We hear the child crying, and the mother approach. "Oh, Luke, did you have an accident?" We hear the mother ask.

"No, *Sniff* it *sniff* wasn't-" The child begins, sniffling.

"It's alright, accidents happen."

The kid continued to try to explain what happened, but no one could understand him. Lexi and I started cracking up, filled with disbelief of what just happened, and guilt that we didn't step in. We wrap up our shopping and head home. Back at the apartment, after we brought all the bags into the kitchen, I was about to start putting things away when Lexi pushed me against the counter and passionately started making out with me. I didn't resist, instead, I grabbed her wet ass and she wrapped her legs around me. I carried her to the bedroom, and I fell backwards on the bed, Lexi on top. Lexi, without warning started wetting herself on me again. I couldn't take it anymore, I lifted her up and threw her on the bed. I ripped off her shorts and panties, and started licking her clit. I heard her moan, I took off her shirt and started to play with her tits. And what followed next was the longest, most passionate sex we had in our relationship, and certainly was the best.

I hoped you guys enjoyed the next chapter in the Lexi saga. I have great news, I plan on proposing to Lexi tomorrow night, wish me luck!

