Desperation Sightings

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-03-23 04:55

This week has been a busy week for me, but one of the most entertaining. I saw a bunch of desperation sightings! Some at work, some at the store, and even one at church! Wanna read more? :3

Desperation Sighting at the store

I went to Publix to run some errands, as usual. As I walked in, I put my wavy, blonde hair in a pony tail and checked my weight. 123 pounds. I got in the actual store (not the lobby) and got a cart. I went to the food isle and got some fried chicken, fruit, ect. then I turn around, I see an attractive woman with a man. Brown hair with ombré highlights, sky blue blouse, white jeans, and black sneakers.

The woman kept crossing her legs when she stood, jiggling up and down, and staggering her every move. I could tell she was desperate for a pee break, but the toilets were out of service. She whispered to the man, I could only hear 'wee', but that was enough to know she had to use the restroom.

Some drops of "water" we're on the floor when I looked down. Must've of been that woman squirting. I looked back at her realizing a small wet spot- barely noticeable. "Charles, hurry up! I need to wee!" He woman said aloud until she said wee. A small strip of pee slowly went down her thigh. "Charles!" The girl shouted. "I'm going!" Charles persisted.

The woman crossed her legs and put her hand on her crotch, casually. You now could see that she was spurting just a tiny bit if you looked closely. She had her legs crossed super tightly. So tightly, her underwear started to show a bit like she had ripped a small hole.

"Hold it, hold it," the woman whispered, I believe that is what she said. She bounced on one leg to the other. A man approached her and made her laugh, she held her groin and squirted a small bit of pee from the back.

I bumped into her by mistake lost in interest, and she started to let it all out. I was so thrilled to see my luck! Eventually, I had to leave because it was running late.

Desperation at work

I was at work, it was a Tuesday. I was at a boring meeting, and a woman kept bouncing her legs up and down crossed as she held her empty cup of coffee. I am an expert as these things! She had to wee, of course! This was a very short desperation, she peed herself right when I turned around.

I don't have time now to write anymore, need to go to work again. I'll write tomorrow, thanks!

Sorry I couldn't write the church one, need to work!

