My Amazing Boyfriend

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-04-13 13:35

Hey guys, a few people on here have asked how me and Matty (MrDesp) met and the moment I found out about we shared the same fetish, so I thought I would share the story with you guys.

The tale begins last year when I was invited to my friends 18th birthday party. I went to the party with a group of my friends, most of whom were with their boyfriends. As the night went on and the party got into full swing my friends who had boyfriends were up dancing and the ones who were single were chatting up guys and I found myself sat on my own, which I didn't mind because I was enjoying watching my friends making fools of themselves on the dance floor. Suddenly a guy walked up to me and said “now we cant have a nice girl like yourself sat all on your lonesome, do you wanna dance?”. Normally when guys chat me up they are so corny and use pathetic chat up lines and usually only want one thing, but this guy seemed different so I accepted his offer and he took my hand and led me to the dance floor. I found out his name was Matty and that he was only at the party because he came with his friend and didn't really know anyone.

After a few upbeat songs, a romantic song came on and everybody started slow dancing, this was the point I knew he was different because he didn't use the song as an excuse to get closer to me like a lot of guys would. Instead he asked me if I wanted a drink but I was enjoying the moment so I grabbed his arms and snaked them round my waist and then put my arms round his neck and began slow dancing. I moved in closer and placed my head on his chest. It was just the perfect moment and I just felt safe in that moment and knew this was something special. He then whispered something in my ear that made my day and it was then I realised he wasn't like other guys that chat me up.

Most guys come over and call me fit, sexy, and comment on my body, however he said “you are the most beautiful girl ive ever danced with”. When he said this I looked up into his eyes and I couldn't help myself, I just planted my lips on his and kissed him. I then stopped and felt really embarrassed, “sorry, I don't know what I was thinking” I said, to which he replied “probably the same thing as I was”, he then kissed me and it was incredible. We then went and sat down and spent the rest of the evening talking and getting to know each other. The next day we met up and after a perfect day he officially asked me out and I said “YES” in an instant.

So that's the story of how we met. Now I was faced with the dilemma that I had found an amazing guy who was perfect in every way and really wanted to tell him about my fetish but obviously I was scared he would find it weird and I didn't want to lose him. Then something happened which made him even more perfect.

About 4 weeks after we started going out we went to the cinema (I cant remember what film cos we always go the cinema). Whilst watching the film I drank a extra large Coke which we had got when we bought popcorn and sweets. About 2 hours after the film started I needed to pee, not badly but my bladder was filling quite fast. I've always loved holding my pee and was enjoying the feelings I was getting from my bladder. I started bobbing my leg up and down to help myself hold it and as I was doing so it was rubbing against Matty's leg. “are you all right” he asked. “im fine, im just cold”

I didn't want to tell him I needed to pee because he would have told me to go to the bathroom and I was enjoying the feeling. When the film finished we waited in our seats till the rush had dispersed then we set off. As I stood up my bladder twinged and my need increased. When we came out of the screen he asked me if I wanted the loo before we left. I did but I was confident I could hold it till we got home and I could wet myself without him knowing.

We walked out into the car park and the cold air hit me and I thought I was going to pee, I stopped walking and pressed my thighs together and managed to regain control over my bladder. We walked across the car park, got in his car and set off home. About 5 mins in to the drive home the extra large coke was catching up with and my bladder was filling up fast. My need had greatly increased and I really wanted to grab my crotch to help me hold but I didn't want him to notice so I had to make do with bobbing my legs up and down and press my thighs together. Another 5 mins passed and we came to a set of traffic lights. He looked over at me and said “i know you wont admit it, but I know you need to pee”.

“how do you know”

“I can just tell....i know these things” he said

“fine I do need to pee but not that bad, I can hold it”

He then looked at me and said “i know it shouldn't and this might sound kinda weird but its turning me on”

I couldn't believe what I just heard....he was turned on by my desperation, he cant share my fetsih can he, he cant do, he must just be turned on because its me.

“whys it turning on you on” I asked. To which he replied

“again this might sound weird, but there's something sexy about a women that desperately needs to pee”

I was in heaven, the guy I was completely mad about, who I had being terrified of telling about my fetish, revealed he himself likes the same fetish. I then completely shocked him by saying “so your into omorashi.

“yeah I am I dont know why but.....” he stopped talking then looked at me and said “how.....how do you know its called omorashi”

“because im into omorashi too” I replied. His face absolutely lit up and with a beaming smile he leant over and kissed me. He then said “i must be dreaming, the girl I love has just said she loves omorashi, this isn't real”.

I then told him I was absolutely dying to wee and that I loved holding it and loved to wet myself. To which he replied “oh my god, my perfect woman”, I was so happy, he then revealed he too had been scared to tell me that he liked omorashi and was so happy to know that not only did I not find it weird, I actually liked it as well.

I then felt really naughty and as a treat to him and myself I lifted my skirt up and let a little wee out creating a wet patch on the front of my knickers, upon seeing this his eyes nearly popped out of his head. We then got home and then for the first time in my life I wee'd on somebody. We got into the shower and he laid underneath me and I let go all over him. This turned me on so much it was unreal and we then proceeded to get all wet and soapy and ended up having the best sex I had ever had :D.

Hope you liked my story, I have a few other stories I need to write about my desperation and wetting incidents which I will post soon :D bye for now.

*003*2012-04-13 13:53

Well you know me Gal i like to give something for all your personalities :D xxxx

*020*2015-02-12 21:10

{{:

Great story, Gemmy! You both showed a lot of courage in admitting your fetish to each other. It sure has worked out great, hasn't it?

}}

Indeed it has, better than i could have ever expected

*022*2015-02-12 21:15

{{:

Since you and Matty got together, you've begun to wet in your sleep again, right? Do you and Matty ever both wet in your sleep? If so, it must be lots of fun to wake up together, especially if you're still wetting.

}}

We do sometimes, its so nice

*024*2015-02-12 21:20

{{:

I can only imagine how close you must feel when that happens! Wetting in any circumstance is an intimate experience to share, but when you're just waking up, you're relaxed and open to feelings in a unique way.

}}

Yeah, it feels so intimate and loving to share it

