Public Holding Contest on tiny chat

Author: victor21

*000*2015-05-02 05:25

Almost a year ago I hosted a holding contest on Tiny Chat. It sort of worked the way I wanted it to but I had to forfit. Almost a year later I would like to try it again if you guys would be interested. I hope to do this by Friday the 15th in the afternoon USA time, If interested respond to this post and I will send you a personal message.

I need at least two males and two females. (more are welcome to join of course)

Webcam: There will be a Webcam there. So if you would like to, you can use it. If you do use it all I ask is no nudity.

We will start with an empty bladders you will be exspecting to drink something though out the contest.

No diapers you can wear what ever you want but those.

If you need to forfit you must wet yourself before you leave

Just as a side note I did see that I have two of these threads up that are the same I want you to know that I didn't mean to do that I only wanted to post one.

*003*2015-05-03 01:29

That will take some time to deiced. Also you don't need to create your own tiny chat account you can sigh up to mine as a guest. But you are more then welcome to. Majeng what county do you live in?

*011*2015-05-04 04:40

{{:

I am interested but the webcam is not compulsory right?

}}

No

<script type="text/javascript" src="/pagespeed_static/js_defer.pbrP1whUgE.js"></script>

You can show what ever side you want on webcam I will be using the webcam myself. But again and I need to stress this, No nudity. For the main reason of it will break tiny chat guidelines (however we shouldn't get in truble unless it is reported but still)

{{:

I would like to join , I know there is no set time , but is there also no set date .

I was interested in the webcam .... whats the harm in showing our lower body ?

}}

<script type="text/javascript" src="/pagespeed_static/js_defer.pbrP1whUgE.js"></script>

Can everyone post where they live so I can tell what time we should start over all. I am USA in Idaho

