Gemmy's desperate sightings - Page 2

Author: Gemmy

*030*2015-02-27 11:17

For me its not just close family friends, people that my mum or dad know from the slightest thing are my aunt/uncle, its crazy

*031*2015-03-05 16:46

As i said in the last story my Aunt Jane was often desperate to pee but a few instances stick in my mind. This time was the only time I have ever seen her so desperate that she pee'd outside. I'm sure she has before a few times but this was the one and only time I have seen her do so. One of Aunt Jane's work colleagues was celebrating her 10th wedding anniversary and to celebrate she and her husband was having an open house party where anyone was invited. The woman knew our mum so she was invited too and we said we would tag along with Aunt Jane. The party started mid afternoon with a BBQ and would go on all night. We decided to head over about 6 o'clock.

Mid afternoon on the Saturday Aunt Jane came round and to get in the mood she had a couple of bottles of wine. As the afternoon went on we drank through the wine and we all had a good time as we all got ready and got into the party spirit. As 6 o'clock drew near we were all ready and Aunt Jane rang a taxi for us. I had no idea where this woman lived but that wasn't an issue. The taxi arrived and she told the driver where we were going before she got in the back with us. We set off and we were all chatting away in the back joking around about marriage and stuff. We were heading over towards the next town and I asked where we were heading. She told me where she lived and I knew where it was roughly. As we drove along I noticed Jane showing the familiar signs that she had to pee. As time passed the more she showed the signs, leg bouncing, shifting, leg crossing.

After 20 minutes she clarified my suspicions. She looked out of the window and said "not far now......I knew I should have used the loo before we left". She pressed her hand between her legs and my mum laughed. She laughed along with her and now made no attempt to hide her desperation. I jokingly asked how bad she had to go and he replied "oh quite bad, I needed to go before we left but i figured it wasn't that far, i didn't take into account all the wine I have had.....needless to say I'm really desperate". I laughed and watched as she crossed her legs tight. She always looked so sexy when she had to pee and I could feeling myself getting turned on. Five more minutes passed and we pulled into a nice housing estate. She looked around and said "yeah we almost there, they live on this estate". We drove through the estate then pulled into a cul-de-sac and pulled up outside a house. We got out and as we walked up the path Jane paid the driver.

When we reached the door Jane was coming up behind us and she was now clearly desperate. She knocked on the door then stood dancing from foot to foot. Every so often she would bend at the waist and let out a little gasp noise. The door opened and the woman stood there i recognised as the woman who's party it was. Jane stood forward and handed over the gift she had brought and said her hello's before saying "before we get chatting can I use your loo, I'm dying for a pee". The woman looked down at Jane's legs and laughed and said "yeah course, up the stairs on the right". Jane dashed inside and ran up the stairs.

My mum started talking to the woman and then suddenly we heard Jane's voice at the top of the stairs say "oh no". She suddenly came back down the stairs and came outside and walked towards the side of the house". The woman pointed me and my sister after her and said "if you go down that way you will come to the back garden where everyone is". We followed after Jane and as we turned round the side of the house we were greeted by her dancing and holding herself between her legs. She didn't notice we were there as she obviously too preoccupied with her desperation, at least that's what I thought. It was then i noticed she was fumbling with her belt buckle. She got it undone and and yanked her pants down.

She continued dancing from foot to foot as she pulled them down and then hooked her thumbs under her thong and pulled it down. She placed her hand on the wall and squatted down slightly and immediately unleashed a powerful stream on pee all over the floor. I couldn't help but stare at her such forceful stream. My sister cleared her throat to make our presence known. Jane whipped her head round and said "oh thank god its you two, i thought it was someone else, that would have been embarrassing. We laughed and my sister said "what....what are you doing". She laughed and said "when i went upstairs to use the loo there was a queue and I couldn't wait, it was either pee myself or this". We nodded and winked at each other knowing just how many times we had done this.

She finally finished and the stream died down. She sighed and said "boy i needed that, that was a close call". She pulled her knickers up and sorted them into position and then pulled her pants back up and fastened them up. She smiled at us and walked down the side of the house and through the gate into the back garden. Me and my sister just looked at each and then at the puddle in disbelief. We shook it off and went and joined the party in the back garden. All day I couldn't stop thinking about her powerful stream and when we got home in the early morning i had an urgent need of my own to take care of

*032*2015-03-17 15:58

When I was in school there was girl in my class who I always found to be really sexy. She was gorgeous in looks and had a great personality. She also did something quite often that I always loved. At the end of classes whilst we were waiting to be dismissed by the teacher (especially if the class was before break time or lunchtime) she would pretend that she really needed to pee and would cross her legs and be very vocal about it so that the teacher would let her leave a couple of minutes before everyone else so she would be the first in the lunch line or the ice cream van line.

At first I thought she was being serious and just usually needed to pee by breaktime, however one time she was let out with everyone else and despite dancing around as soon as she left the classroom she went back to normal and walked right past the bathrooms. It was then I realised what she was doing. From then on when she would do her "desperate to pee" move at the end of class I knew she didn't really have to pee, however I always enjoyed her sexy, all be it fake, pee dancing.

However one day she had a "cry wolf" moment and made for an interesting class. It was a geography lesson and as our teacher had us sitting in alphabetical order she was sat on the table in front of me. Throughout the lesson I noticed her legs were fidgeting under the desk but I thought nothing of it. When it neared the end of the lesson our teacher told us to pack up and bring our textbooks to the front. The guy sat next to me took mine for me so I just packed my stuff into my bag and stood behind the desk waiting to be dismissed. I looked at her in front, not going to lie i was looking at her bum, and found as usual she was stood stepping from foot to foot. She kept glancing at the clock and fidgeting.

She would dance for a moment before crossing her legs one way then the other. She asked the teacher if she could go to the bathroom and she was met with a no and was told to wait until the bell went. She asked again saying she really had to go but the teacher said no again obviously thinking she was faking. She kept dancing and moaning that she had to pee and like me everyone just assumed she was up to her usual tricks. I couldn't stop staring at her sexy bum wiggling as she stepped from foot to foot.

She gasped a little louder than the others and I was shocked to see a little wet spot form on her trousers. I then realised she wasn't faking and really did desperately need to pee. She asked the teacher again and the teacher got a little annoyed and told her to stop asking. I looked at the clock and saw there was only a couple of minutes left before the bell. My attention turned back to her sexy wiggle and the wet spot on her trousers. As she wiggled the spot got a little bigger and my eyes widened.

The bell rang and she stood poised ready to dash out of the room. The teacher let the first row go, then the second. She then let our row leave and she dashed toward the door. I knew when she got out she had two options for bathrooms, both equal distance from the room we were in. I had to pee too so followed after her and watched as she walked fast down the stairs and along the corridor.

We emerged in the common area and she dashed across to the toilets. The ones in this common area only had three cubicles, unlike the other ones she could have used which have 10 stalls. She dashed through the door and I followed. When I went in she was stood next to the sinks dancing and holding herself. I realised the stalls were taken and stood waiting with her. One of the stalls came available and she dashed in. The one next to hers opened and I went in. I listened to her in the stall next to mine fumbling with her belt and then I heard her trousers come down and the sound of a powerful stream hitting the water. 

She let out a sigh and listening to her sighing and peeing was turning me on. Her stream seemed to go on forever and even after I had finished she was still going. I finished up and went out and washed my hands. The toilet flushed and she came out and let out a long sigh relief and smiled at me. I asked if she was okay and pointed the back of her trousers. She blushed and said "yeah its fine, I just... I was really bursting just now, I only just made it". She tied her jumper around her waist to cover up the wet spot and we both left.

From that day on she didn't use her fake desperation trick as much but her real desperation will always be stuck in my mind

*034*2015-04-20 13:04

As I said before my Aunt Jayne found herself in desperate situations all the time. However I have only ever seen her lose control and wet herslef once. She may have done it before for all I know but I have only ever witnessed this incident. It happened a few years ago whilst we were on holiday. Me and my sister had just finished our two years at sixth form and we both came out with really good grades. We had a few months off for summer before we started college and my Aunt Jayne said she had a friend who owned an apartment in Fuengirola. Neither me or my sister had a clue where that was so she showed us on a map and it was a coastal town in Malaga, Spain. She had been over and used his apartment a few times and asked us if we wanted to go over for a couple of weeks before the school holidays started. We jumped at the chance of a free holiday and looked forward to two weeks of sun and relaxation after working hard to finish our coursework and exams.

She arranged with him when we could go and arranged our flights and two weeks later we were there. The apartment was on the top floor of the building and looked out right over the beach and sea and was in such a beautiful town. Our days were spent either on the beach or in the apartments shared pool and our nights were spent walking along the promenade and stopping off in the bars and restaurants. One evening we went into the city to see a show. We had a great night out and when the show finished we just managed to get the last train back to where we were staying. As we were on the train I noticed Jayne starting to shift out and judging by the amount of free drinks she had consumed it was obvious she was in need of a wee.

As time passed she got more and more fidgety and crossing her legs back and forth. After stopping at a station in the next town we ended up being the only four people in the carriage and the train set off again. The information came over the tannoy telling us that Fuengirola was the terminal station but our stop was before that. The tracks went on a raised structure above the main road through the town and had multiple stops before it descended into the towns station.

We went past a staute that was on the outskirts of town and my mum made a passing comment about us almost being there. Jayne looked at her and said "god, cos i'm busting for a pee and this train doesn't have toilets. She crossed her legs and started bouncing her legs as if now she didn't have to hide the fact she needed a wee. A few minutes later we pushed the stop bell and went and stood by the door. As we waited for the train to come to a stop she was stood stepping from foot to foot and the sound of her heels clicking on the floor was turning me on.

The train stopped and we got off and headed down the stairs onto the street level. My mum looked over to the supermarket just down the road and said "we need some stuff for the morning and we can get some drinks and snacks for now if you want". Jayne looked down the road and said "you guys go grab some stuff, i'm gonna hard back, if i don't get to the loo soon I'm gonna burst". My mum laughed and said "are you two coming with me or with Jayne. I said I would go with Jayne as I needed to pee as well and my sister went with my mum to help her carry the stuff.

Me and Jayne headed down the road towards our building and she was walking pretty fast. We got there and went through the main doors and into the foyer. I pushed the button for the elevator and she was talking to the door man and obviously trying to look calm and not show that she really needed to pee. The elevator came down and we got in. She pressed the button for our floor and immediately broke out in a pee dance. I laughed and asked if she was ok and she said "yeah im fine....just dying for a wee, all those pitchers of cocktails we had are catching up with me".

As we ascended all I could do was watch her dance and hold herself and desperately trying not to wet herself. She kept muttering "come on, come on" under her breath and each time she did she bobbed up and down. We reached our floor and she dashed out and headed towards our door. She got there and resumed her pee dancing and went into her bag. She suddenly cursed and said "your mum has our key, can you open up". We had two keys, my mum and Jayne shared one and me and my sister had the other. But that night as we were out with them we hadn't taken ours out with us. I looked at her and told her I didn't have my key, all I had was my phone and purse. She moaned and satrted walking around holding herself. Each time she bobbed up and down her knickers were visible through her dress and that only led to me getting more turned on. She kicked off her shoes and carried on pee dancing.

After a few minutes she said "oh god they better hurry up and get this door open". The whole picture was so sexy. Her holding herself, her legs crossing and uncrossing, her boobs jiggling as she danced., her moans of desperation. I just stood there unable to take my eyes off her. After a couple of minutes of this she gasped and hiked her dress up. My eyes widened as she flashed her sexy purple knickers at me. I noticed why she gasped, she had a wet spot on the front of her knickers and after she saw it she dropped her dress and started dancing again. A couple more minutes passed and she hiked her dress up again.

This time though she grabbed herself through her knickers instead of her dress. She caught me looking and she giggled and said "just in case I can't stop it, I don't want to get my dress wet". Hearing her say that and admit she was almost losing it was so hot. She gasped again and a small trickle ran down her leg. Her dancing intensified and not long after a splash hti the floor as she started spurting. She let a few more spurts out before she leaned on the wall and in such a causal manner just starting peeing through her knickers. I could not believe my eyes. She made no attempt to stop it and then when she saw me staring she said "sorry, I couldn't wait anymore, I figured it was just best to let it go". I nodded and turned my attention back to the torrent streaming out through her knickers. The sigh she made sent shivers through me. Eventually the stream died down and she sighed and let her dress fall back down.

A few minutes later the lift bell pinged and my sis and my mum walked out. They immediately noticed the puddle on the floor and Jayne smile and in a shy voice said "that was me". We wall laughed and my mum let us in. Jayne went and grabbed a towel and mopped up her puddle. After she finished she went and got changed and when she came back out to us on the balcony she said "ive just left my stuff in the bathroom so I can wash it in the morning". We said that was fine and enjoyed the rest of our evening chilling on the balcony. When I came to go to bed I went and brushed my teeth and as I was in the bathroom I noticed her purple knickers on the floor in the corner. My horny mind took over me and I picked them up and smelt them. The smell of her pee was intoxicating and as I smelt them all I could think about was her desperately trying to keep them dry. Needless to say I had me a little fun before I went to bed that night.

*037*2015-06-24 20:14

Sorry i haven't updated this thread for a while, I have things to post I just need to find the time and motivation to write them....however I had a sighting earlier that I thought I would share.

I say sighting but it started out as just voice. Most days I talk to my online best friend on Skype. Either when I am on my computer I when I am on my xbox. Today I was sat at my desk on my computer when she called me. I answered and as usual we just sat chatting. There really are no reason for our calls we just chat a load of bollocks most of the time. 2 hours after she rang she started raging and I asked her what was wrong. She told me she was playing Agar.io and I understood her raging. I decided to play as well as I enjoy it. As we were playing she randomly started making noises and I laughed and asked what was wrong. She giggled and said "I need a wee". I laughed and said "well go then". She came back and said "yeah, I will when I die next". We continued playing and she said "oh shit". I asked what was wrong and she said "I started a new game and forgot to pee....ill have to wait till next time i die".

About half an hour later she started moaning that she really needed a wee. When I told her to go she said she was doing really well and didn't want to lose it. After 15 minutes more I could hear the desperation in her voice and I found myself getting turned on. Being my best friend she knows about my omo fetish and out of nowhere her video feed opened. I opened mine and asked what was up. She said nothing, I just guessed you must be enjoying the fact I really need a wee and I know how much you enjoy seeing it". I watched as she squirmed in her chair and got really turned on. I told her how sexy she looked and she said "hang on a sec".

She turned her webcam to the screen and said "shout if i get in trouble". I watched her screen and she had put her cell into a corner. I assumed she had gone to pee but then her second webcam opened picture in picture. The second feed was pointed down at her legs which were opening and closing and I could see she was just wearing knickers under her t-shirt. As I watched I got so turned on. Knowing she was desperate for a pee was making my pussy throb.

I asked her how bad she had to pee and she said "really really bad, I have lots to drink today and im absolutely busting right now". She knew the effect she was having on me and said "don't be shy, I know you want to take care of your need". I giggled and slid my hand into my knickers and stroked my clit. As time passed she squirmed more and more and then said "oooo gem, if i don't die soon I'm going to wet myself". My eyes widened as she used her spare hand to push against her pussy. Knowing she was almost wetting herself made me throb under my fingers. She suddenly pulled her t-shirt up so I could see her sexy pink knickers.

She was rubbing her pee hole through them and I was getting so close to cumming watching this sexy image unfold. She suddenly gasped and moved her hand away. I looked and saw a wet spot on the front. She moaned and told me she had started to wet herself and was so close to bursting. As the minutes passed she kept gasping and the wet spot got bigger. She suddenly said "oh no. gem, I need to wee so badly, im gonna wet my knickers". I knew she said that to make me horny and boy did it work. She pulled her knickers tight into her pussy and she moaned out. I watched as a slow stream dribbled out of them which slowly turned into a full force wetting. I sat slack jawed watching her soak her knickers and her chair in pee. I couldn't hold back anymore and screamed out as I soaked my knickers in cum. When my orgasm subsided she had finished peeing and was sat showing me her wet knickers.

She asked if she enjoyed the show and I winked and nodded. I asked how agar.io was going and she giggled and said "oh i died a while ago". I looked at her puzzled and she said "I knew how much you were enjoying it and knew you would love to see me pee myself from desperation". I stared at her shocked and she giggled. We have done naughty things together in the past and do quite regularly but this was the first time she has ever done anything omo related. She shyly admitted it wasn't the first time. I asked her what she meant and she told me that ever since we started talking and she found out about omorashi she has tried it a few times and is starting to enjoy it. I asked why she didn't say anything and she told me she wanted it to be a surprise. My naughty skype friend has just got so much naughtier. This should be fun

*038*2015-07-05 12:16

Just a little sighting from the other day that got me wondering something. It was around 5 o'clock in the afternoon and my phone rang. I answered it and it was Jenny, one of our members of staff who work at the little gym we own in town. She said hi and then told me she had just rang Matty to ask a favour but he had been busy and told her to ring me. I asked her what was wrong and she asked if i could pop down to the gym. I said I could and I would be down in about 15 minutes. She thanked me and hung up. When I put the phone down I wondered what was wrong. She had sounded kind of agitated so I quickly grabbed my things and drove down into town.

About ten minutes later I parked up outside and went in. She was stood behind the reception desk talking to a customer and I waved at her. She waved back and continued chatting with the customer. I decided to go and check the stock room whilst I waited to see if we needed anything. As I was looking I heard her shout my name and I shouted back and said I would be there in a moment. I quickly checked everything and decided we didn't need anything urgently and walked back round to the reception.

When I got there someone had just come in and were in the process of signing in. As I went behind the reception I noticed Jenny was very fidgety and shifty. I couldn't help but admire her sexy bum wiggling. I always end up admiring her bum. Working in a gym she wears tight leggings to work and you can always see her knickers through them. When she finished with the customer she spun round and said "thank god Gem, can you watch the reception for a minute I'm bursting for a pee". As she said this she crossed her legs tight and bobbed up and down. I laughed and said "yeah course" and she dashed round the reception and ran off towards the ladies changing room.

I absent mindedly looked through the computer to see who had signed in and out the last few days and saw a few familiar names. A few minutes later she came back and said "wooo that feels so much better". I laughed and asked what did. She looked round and said "cos of the heat i've been drinking water all day and it made me need to pee but I didn't want to leave the reception unattended.....I've been dying to go all afternoon and was holding it waiting for David to come in and take over the evening shift but I got to the point that I was almost peeing myself and knew I wouldn't be able to wait much longer.....if you hadn't come down when you did I probably would have had an accident". I laughed, mainly to cover up the fact that I was getting so turned on.

I told her her devotion was amazing but she could have nipped off to use the bathroom, the reception doesn't always need to be manned. If a customer comes in they just swipe their membership card and go in. She nodded and said "yeah but I didn't feel it professional". I nodded and said "is that why you called me". She laughed and said "no, there's something I want you to look at....I was going to wait until you next came down but I figured if you came down now I could go use the bathroom". She took me off and showed me the problem and I told her I would get Matty to come down and sort it out and then left her to it.

As I was driving home I couldn't help but wonder how often she did that. Held on despite being bursting just because she wanted to stay professional. Then I wandered into all my other staff members that work in our pub and our shops and wondered how many of them did that and in general how many people whilst at work hold on rather than go. It made for a very interesting few scenarios in my head

