How I got the bride at a hen party

Author: vikka

*000*2013-01-07 04:21

What I'm now going to tell you happened about two and a half year ago. I was at that time 16 and had shortly before moved in to a small flat of my own in Stockholm.

I and a friend of mine, a classmate, Lena, was strolling around in the city after school. She was looking for a nice dress to wear at the hen party for her cousin Ann. In a rather exclusive shop she found a very elegant dress, made of jeans-blue coloured silk. She was tall and the dress made her look very grown up. When we were looking around in the shop, I saw a very cute light-blue dress with a short, wide skirt. I tried it on, and immediately I knew that I wanted it. It made me look at least 18, I thought.

"Oh, Vikka, you look so cute", said Lena, "you must buy it!"

"I don't know", I said. "When shall I wear it?"

"I know! Why don't you come to Ann's hen party!" Lena became all excited.

At first I hesitated. The dress was rather expensive even if I could afford it. But when Lena told me that the hen party would take place at the ladies' night at a gay club, I began to think that it could be fun.

"But isn't it an age limit there?" I asked.

"We've made reservation for a private party so that's ok! But of course you and I are too young to buy drinks." She looked quizzically.

Thus it was decided. We bought our dresses and went to the next shop to look for underwear. Lena stopped at a stand with garter belts.

"Come on," I said, you're not going to wear stockings and garterbelt, are you?"

"Why not? I think it's sexy, don't you?"

We argued back and forth, but in the end I had to admit that it was kind of thrilling to wear nylon stockings instead of the ordinary, dull tights. And also I had become quite fond of a light red garter belt with the cutiest rose buds on.

It was with eager expectation I entered the club together with Lena and Ann and all the other girls. Lena and I was the youngest, the other were of about the same age as Ann, around 25. There was a table ready laid for our hen party. At first a waitress served drinks. On a tray there were drinks containing alcohol as well as non-alcoholic drinks. No one took notice of that both Lena and I chose alcoholic drinks. Very soon everyone was in the best of spirits and thought that it was a very good idea to choose a lesbian club for the hen party! Many jocular remarks crossed the table, more and more of a sexual nature as time passed. I overheard one girl describing the procedure of tribbing between lesbians in detail

When we'd finished eating more drinks were served and we were all rather tipsy. Some of the girls went to the dance floor to dance.

"Look at Tina and Kristin", whispered Lena in my ear.

I turned my head and looked. Wow! They were dancing very close and Kristin's right hand was stroking Tina's bum.

"Are they lesbian?" I asked Lena.

"They're both married. Bisexual maybe, what do you think?"

I felt that I needed to pee and obviously Lena did too. She asked me to follow her to the toilet. We stood up. Shit, I felt so tipsy! But I never came to the toilet, because from nowhere (so it seemed anyway) Lena's cousin Ann appeared before me.

"Come on, Vikka! Let's dance!" She took my hand and moved off with me to the dance floor. I had difficulties to walk straight, and she wasn't exactly steady on her feet either.

We began to dance. I don't know how it happened, but we came closer and closer to each other. I felt Ann's hand on my bum, pulling me tight in to her. I thought it felt very nice. And even nicer when she pressed one of her legs in between mine. I opened willingly my legs for her. She was taller than I, and I became kind of riding on her thigh, which was rubbing against my crotch. I thought it would be polite to the bride to be to participate, so I began to grind my crotch hard against her thigh. I panted a lot. I pressed my lips against her neck and sucked hard (the following days she had to wear a scarf around her neck so that her husband to be wouldn't notice the love bite I've given her). I humped her thigh almost violently, and my skirt rode high up, exposing my thighs way over the stocking tops. Suddenly I felt that I was going to climax. I groaned and squealed, and when a formidable orgasm hit me I dropped down to the floor. My legs didn't carry me anymore.

Ann pulled me up and led me to an adjacent room, wher we sat down in a big, comfy leather sofa. There she kissed me softly. I got aroused again. I began to stroke her breasts and tried to get them out of her bra. She helped me to unbutton the bra and I began to fondle her nipples. They were so erected, so stiff. One of her hands found the way inside my décolletage. I had no bra and she let a finger circle around my left nipple, causing me to pant heavily.

At that moment we heard steps behind us. Quickly we arranged our clothes so that we looked fairly decent.

"Come, Vikka. Let's leave the party. I'll tell the others that you didn't feel well and that I'll see you home."

And so she did. Outside the club she turned to me.

"I don't think we should go home to me. My fiancé will probably be at his place, but I can't be sure."

"I live by my own so we can go to my place. It's not far from here if we cross the park. But Ann, I need to pee so terribly much! I'm quite desperate!"

"Do you think you can hold on until we reach the park? There we'll find a bush to pee behind! By the way, I'm pretty desperate myself!"

The more close to the park we came, the more desperate I became. Soon I had to press a hand in between my thighs. My walk was very funny. I could only trip with small steps. I felt a small spurt hit my panties and I stopped in panic.

"Ann, I don't know if I'll make it all the way to the park. I've already peed a little." I blushed when I told her. It was so embarrassing. I felt that I got to do something to prevent me from wetting myself totally. I lifted my skirt and began to rub my pussy outside my panties, which were quite soaked, both from pee and pussy juices.

Ann stared at me. Later she told me that she never seen such a cute and sexy sight. I stood on unsteady feet, slightly bent over, with my skirt up on my hips, showing my thighs glistening opal white in the gloaming over the nylon stockings, and framed by the garters running up on the thighs and under my panties. One of my breasts had escaped from its cover by the top of the dress and peeked cheeky at the surroundings. I was rubbing my pussy frenetically.

Then I came again. And this time I lost it totally. Pee started to force its way through my light red silk panties. Fortunately the street was empty of people. Still peeing forcefully I sat down on the pavement with my feet on the street. I went on rubbing my pussy until I felt my hand being removed, replaced by an other hand. Ann's hand. With my pee pouring between her fingers, she caressed my pussy. Almost instantly I orgasmed again. And again, And again. Ann hold me tight in her arms and whispered sweet words in my ear. We sat a while after I've stopped peeing, and then we stood up and walked straight to my place.

When we'd come inside my door, I felt very strongly, that I owed her some orgasms and I started to remedy the deficiency in question immediately. She told me that she'd never before had sex with a girl. That made me so very aroused, and I caressed her in every possible way. And I kissed and sucked her pussy, which made her have multiple orgasms. She screamed out loud every time she came. Afterwards she told me that she never before had gotten more than one orgasm, when she'd had sex with a guy.

When we were relaxing in eachothers' arms, she asked, cheeks blushing:

"I need to pee very badly! And I want to ask you; when you wetted yourself before, how did it feel? You looked like you enjoyed it very much!"

Then I told her that I get very aroused by wetting myself. And that I've been doing it since I was ten. I told her how Camille had got me into it that summer when I was ten. I told her how wonderful it felt to pee in my panties and that I used to do it in public at the risk to get caught. I told her everything.

"Vikka, I want to try it! Now! Can I? Will you help me?"

We went to the bathroom. We'd put on all our clothes again. Ann stood on the floor. I told her to part her legs a bit. I placed myself turned to her and in the same position.

"All you have to do now is to let it go!" I said. "Take your time, it might be a little difficult to do it at once. But it will come!"

It took a couple of minutes but then she succeeded! At first some drops trickled down her left leg. She got excited.

"Look! Did you see? I'm wetting myself!"

And then the sluices opened. A forceful spurt splashed on to the floor, followed by a steady stream of pee.

"Oooh", she sighed. "It's wonderful! So warm and cosy! And I get so very aroused! I want to touch my pussy while I'm peeing."

She hitched up her skirt and started to masturbate, pee streaming between her fingers.

That did it for me. I started to pee and at once a torrent of pee hit the floor. I orgasmed before my hand had reached my pussy!

In the next moment Ann too orgasmed! Our squeals echoed in the bathroom.

After we've finished wetting our panties, we showered and then we went to bed and fell immediately to sleep in each others' arms.

In the morning Ann called her fiancé and said that she'd followed me home because I'd got sick, and that she'd slept over at my place.

We spent the day making love and wetting ourselves lying in the grass in the park. And on various other places. We had a lot of fun!

We've been seeing eachother now and then, even after her marriage.When she gets bored of one-orgasm-sex with her husband, she calls me!

*009*2013-01-30 19:20

Hi,

This is a very belated thankyou for all comments! Thankyou very much! Both for your comments on the contents of my story and for your contributions to a very interesting discussion about the meaning and origin of the expression "hen party". I have to confess that my knowledge was limited to that I'd snatched up the expression from a movie I'd seen (I don't recall the title of the movie right now). In Swedish it's called "möhippa", a close translation into English would be "maiden party", as it is a party to celebrate the last night for the bride to be as a maiden.

Again: Thankyou very much for your nice and interesting comments!

