Some old summer memories

Author: rev

*000*2013-07-13 22:53

This is just the first really good memory of a wetting I have. It was with my best friend who yes was a girl at the time I just always got along better with girls, but anyways yes we met at the age of five and had been best friends ever since. She was the same age that I was a month or so older but probably the closest in age I have ever been with any of my friends.

When I was younger I never had a problem with wetting ever no bed wetting no accidents I was just the overly cautious kid who went whenever possible and was wise enough to know that drinking more caused full bladders, her on the other hand was just absolutely well not even accident prone gives how bad she was at keeping pants dry. Summers brought with them accidents every week several times a week from when I had first met her till about the age of 8 most of them happening when she was with me playing, lucky for her she had parents who didn’t care about accidents as long as she cleaned up and was happy (they had a very let kid make their choices parenting style).

But here’s the story, her parents had invited me to go along with them on a day trip to a lake where they liked to go out and swim at the age of 8 my family didn’t go out this far for “swimming days” we mostly just went out to the local river fun and all but when a kid something new is always so very exciting. Well the trip was going to be a long one a five hour drive so we had to leave early about 4am so we could get there are 9 and spend almost all day there.

Skipping to the drive it started pretty normally two eight year olds excited about the long day of just being able to have fun and the best part being we had an entire ice chest filled with sodas just for us (we were in the backseat so they didn’t want to have to pass stuff back to us) so doing as 8 year olds do without supervision with cold sodas in front of us we took in as many as we could in a contest.

Well that first hour we both had 3 each and empty bladders so after we couldn’t drink anymore we just played our game boys and forgot about the contest just sipping more as we played I think it was about the second hour that the soda started working its way into our bladders into a more noticeable way a shifted position here and there but we weren’t worried so we just hooked up our games with that cable that allows 2 player and continued ignoring the rapidly filling bladders.

It was probably a half hour after that she whispered to me about her need to pee not that I needed her to tell me, she was very skinny so whenever she had to go her tummy would stick out showing how bad she needed to go (a fact that I still to this day make fun of her for XD). At this time she asked if we were going to stop anywhere to which was replied “no , we want to get there before morning traffic” a statement that I really didn’t want to here cause I was super desperate and very worried that I’d have my first accident since I was out of diapers. But we both decided to “cross our legs and sit on it” a phrase we used whenever no bathroom was available to us, but it quickly became obvious neither of us were going to make it a another 10 minutes let alone then 3 or so hours it’d take to get to the place so she asked again only adding me in and saying we both can’t make it we have to go now.

The reply was “well we planned for this hold long we packed your bed wetting pads (you know those ones that go over the entire bed) just go on those if you think you’ll pee yourself” I was honestly horrified by the notion of wetting myself (all I can say now is lol). She didn’t like it either though she may have peed her pants all the time in the car was something she was proud of not doing. So we fought it and fought it for all of 20 minutes before I was bent over begging her to put the pads under us before either of us wet. We eventually got them under us and all the sudden my bladder just gave way at a force I never thought I could produce and all the sudden I was like “hey this feels awesome” she wet due to the sound of my pee to which we both had a great laugh.

That’s the first memory of wetting I have, I have more with my friend allot more. Though this was the first time I thought it felt really good this wasn’t the start of my fetish, it was more of a foundation of starting out if that makes sense. Anyways if you guys would like to hear more just let me know, I’m a new poster but long time lurker I finally got the courage to be who I am even if it’s just on the internet.

