The poor things (1)

Author: weewillywinkie

*000*2014-04-23 15:14

THE POOR THINGS (Part 1)

I can still remember what happened on that lovely summer’s day nearly twenty years ago as if it was yesterday.

There were six of us and we had all gone to the coast for the day in Barry’s big black 4x4. We were three couples: four men and two women, and apart from Renate, Barry’s German girlfriend at that time, we had known each other since we were at school together. I was with my girlfriend Sarah that day - sadly she died in a car accident about a year after that special day, but I’ll never ever forget her. The third couple were Matt and Brian, who, in those less tolerant times, pretended to all the world that they were just good mates - but of course we all knew differently.

On that particular stretch of the coastline, there are lots of sand dunes before you reach the beach and the sea, and some quite dense woodland inland from the dunes. We liked it there – the variety of terrain meant that we could fool about like kids in the dunes, relax and sunbathe on the beach, splash about in the sea, and slip away into the woods with our partner when we wanted to have some private time alone together.

The pub was about a quarter of a mile from the beach, standing rather isolated at the side of a road that ended with a rough parking area by the dunes. Despite its isolation, the pub was a popular watering place for a lot of people of all ages. The six of us had laid claim to a big wooden picnic table in the beer garden outside, and having had a few drinks, we had somehow decided that the first person who had to go to the toilet had to buy the next round. We were all getting desperate, and it wasn’t long before Renate stood up, announcing that she couldn’t hold on a minute longer. We all cheered as she made her way back into the pub to go to the toilet.

After several minutes had passed, Sarah said she was going to see if Renate was alright as she’d been a long time. Someone suggested that it was because Sarah couldn’t hold her pee any longer, and she turned and stuck out her tongue at us as she walked away.

Sarah was not long though. She emerged from the pub her arm around the German girl’s shoulders, while Renate walked towards us her face flushed and her eyes cast downwards. Matt, who was probably the most sensitive of us four guys, immediately showed his concern. “What’s up Renate, love?” he asked kindly.

Renate sighed and didn’t look up. “She’s had a little accident” Sarah said quietly. “She couldn’t get in the ladies on time”. Sure enough, her pale blue cotton trousers showed the evidence quite clearly.

“Oh, you poor thing”, Matt replied, his voice genuinely sympathetic. Then quite suddenly, he stood up and faced us all. “I think all of us should all have an accident so Renate isn’t the only one who’s wet” he announced, “then she’ll feel better.”

Brian, Barry and I all looked puzzled. “You mean we should all pee our pants?” Barry asked incredulously. “Like in sympathy?”

“Yes” Matt replied simply. As we stared at him standing there, a small dark patch appeared on the front of his khaki shorts. It grew bigger and suddenly a stream of pee was running down his leg.

I was quite excited about this, having been into wetting, in private by myself, for many years. I think Brian was aroused too, but Barry seemed outraged at the idea. “You really think we’re all going all to pee our pants just because Renate has, and you have?” he almost spat at poor Matt.

It was my lovely Sarah who answered. “I have already” she said quietly. She lifted the hem of her summer dress for a moment, but long enough for us all to see. She had clearly peed in her white bikini bottoms.

That was it for me and for Brian, and standing up, we both soaked our shorts foer all to see.

Other people had noticed too, and a group of younger lads at a far table started jeering and laughing at us, making suggestive remarks. At the table closest to ours, a middle aged group were muttering and eyeing us with clear disgust. One man, red in the face, left the table and stormed off towards the pub.

We all sat down, five of us now sopping wet. “You’ll have to go for the drinks now, you’re the only dry one round here” I said to Barry, adding: “You’d better go to the gents first though, you must be dying for a pee.”

Barry stood up. “OK then” he said, but he was only part-way across the lawn on his way to the pub when the landlord, striding out towards us with the red-faced man from the next table, accosted him. “You’re all barred!” the angry publican shouted at our friend.

Barry shook his head as if not understanding a word. “I’ve done nothing wrong” he objected.

There was more cheering and jeering from the young men on the far table. “You’re barred. The lot of you. Just leave now”, the landlord responded. The red faced man now sitting at his table was smirking unpleasantly.

“OK ... if I’m barred then...” Barry replied quietly, leaving the sentence unfinished. He had been wearing thin white shorts, but across the front of them, a pink flower blossomed, as the wet material of his red swimming trunks showed through his now transparent shorts.

We all cheered, even poor Renate, and the publican finally lost his cool. “Just fuck off, the lot of you”, he shouted.

“We’re going”, Sarah replied calmly and we all trooped out behind her unfazed by all the eyes that were on us.

To be continued.

*002*2014-04-24 12:55

Thank you LL. As the story develops, there is more caring and supportive behaviour shown towards others who are in distress, as well as exciting experiences by all of the 'poor things'. I posted the second part earlier today, and hope to get more written over the next week or so.

