My first real experience with Rapid Desperation

Author: kutekitty

*000*2015-12-01 04:15

So... hey! I'm Kitty and I'm pretty new here (despite being a member since 2012 but shhhhhhhh) and I'm gonna share an experience with you all!

A bit of a description of me before I begin: I'm 19, a girl, I have short brown hair and a slightly chubby yet rockin' bod. I've been into wetting and desperation ever since I can remember. I guess maybe it has to do with the fact I've always had a weak, smallish bladder and I always had accidents when I was younger. I even wet the bed until I was around 10 years old.

I can vividly remember acting out desperation and wetting scenarios with my stuffed animals and writing stories of women with weak bladders in my diary. Man, I was a messed up kid. :P

I'm also pretty much exclusively into female omorashi despite being bisexual. Not sure why *shrugs*

Anyway, let's get on with it...

Its been years since I've done a real, proper hold. I used to hold all the time when I was 15-16 but I began to get bored with it and I've always preferred seeing other girls' desperation than my own. Lately, I've been trying to get back into holding with luke-warm results. I've gotten desperate but chickened out since I still live with my parents and I'm not confident I can hide the evidence of a wetting (my mum wakes up earlier than me and collects my washing from my clothes basket and yeahhhh).

But today I was going to home alone until the evening so I thought, "SCREW IT! LIVE A LITTLE! DO THAT HOLD GIRL!" Today was the day I was going to hold it til I burst!

I'm sure 99% of you know about rapid desperation but just in case I'm going to link you to a topic here:

$/755-an-experiment-in-rapid-desperation/

I've dabbled in rapid desperation before but today I set out a full day for it since I had nothing on so I was expecting some better results. I began by putting on some rather tight, light blue shorts that I hadn't worn in years. They hugged my bum nicely but they were dangerously close to giving me a camel-toe. But whatever, the tighter the better. I'll spare you from the boring details of the hours of preparing by drinking and drinking and waiting and drinking some more and then drinking. But by the time I began the actual hold I felt like a super efficient water processing machine. I lost count of how many times I'd gone to the bathroom in the process of turning my kidney's into super kidney's but I'm guessing it was in double digits. Though to be fair I was sort of procrastinating on the actual hold for a while.

I began the hold at 5 past 3. It wasn't even 3:10 when I felt the pangs in my bladder. It felt like I shot up to a 4/10 already. I didn't have to hold but I could tell it wouldn't be long until I was squirming. I decided to distract myself by playing a bit of animal crossing. I was hoping that my desperation wouldn't be short lived.

10 minutes later, my leg was bouncing and I was occasionally squeezing my thighs together to ease the pressure. I felt myself beginning to lose my concentration as I was forgetting what I was doing in game constantly. My bladder felt exhausted from all the peeing I had already done today which made me think this hold wasn't going to last long. I massaged my poor bladder as if to apologise to it.

The next 20 minutes were about a 6/10. I was still playing my game but It was getting harder to ignore the signals my bladder was sending me. I was slowly wriggling around in my chair, sometimes arching my back or squeezing my thighs. I began giving my crotch an occasional squeeze to relieve a little pressure. The shorts I was wearing were starting to feel even more tight than before. The denim around my crotch was so tight it was basically holding for me. I undid the top button to give my bladder some room.

Within the next 10 minutes a wave of desperation suddenly hit me. I was suddenly at an 8/10 without warning. I arched my back and my hand flew to my crotch. I squeezed and grinded down on my hand. My hips were shaking and squirming desperately and I was pressing my crotch against the chair and my hand in attempt to keep my pee in. I couldn't feel the desperation ease so I started to cross my legs while pulling my shorts up against my pee hole. I desperately squeezed my legs together and crossed them so hard that I felt I would unhinge my legs from my hips.

The wave still wouldn't subside. I was squirming and bouncing in my chair with no avail. Somehow the wave became stronger still, with my desperation climbing to a 9/10. I felt a tiny leak push its way out of my urethra. It was small enough only to wet my underwear but it was enough to make me panic. I immediately opened my legs to gain access to my crotch. I grabbed it with all my might and squeezed the living hell out it. I was madly clawing and squeezing all the while bouncing up and down like an insane person.

I knew I couldn't keep going like this so I stood up, pushing the chair away from me with my arse. I again pulled my shorts up against my hole and crossed my legs. I could feel another leak coming. I crossed tighter. The leak was still coming. I couldn't cross any tighter. I felt a big spurt shoot out of me - there was just no way of stopping it.

At this point I wasn't sure if it was showing on my pants since I was far to desperate to tell. I bounced up in down as much as I could in my ridiculous position. I shoved a hand to my crotch but my legs were crossed so tightly I couldn't hold as well as I wanted. Another leak forced its way out and I felt my arse get wet. I didn't want to uncross my legs because I knew I would flood my shorts as soon as I did.

I stayed in this position for about a minute before the wave finally died down a little. I slowly and carefully uncrossed legs but still held them firmly together. Though the wave subsided a little I was still unable to keep still. I sat down with my heel underneath my, plugging my pee hole. I grabbed onto the arms of my chair and ground down onto my foot. I was rocking back and forth wildly. I knew this wouldn't subside for long. I could already feel the desperation building back up. My pee hole was feeling weak and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold back when the next wave hit. I had to go to the bathroom.

With one had firmly on my crotch I lifted myself slowly off of my foot. I had to hold so tightly because I felt the pee surging towards my hold as soon as I stood. I tried to take a step towards the door but that set me off. I quickly crossed my legs as I felt a leak come. The wet patch on my arse was growing bigger. I needed to move. I did the most ridiculous walk towards the bathroom. I couldn't keep my legs apart. I had to basically walk with my legs cross which only made the walk all the more longer. I was in the hallway. The bathroom was still on the other side of the house. I stood for a moment to get my bearings. I pulled on my shorts again in attempt to ease the desperation but it only got worse. I hunched over slightly as I felt another wave wash over me. A felt the pee spurting out violently between my legs. The leak only lasted a second but I knew it was bad. I could feel my inner thighs becoming wet and warm.

I shuffled quickly as I knew I was running out of time. All the while tiny spurts were leaving me and coating my thighs. I felt the leaks reach my knees as I got to the lounge room. I had to stop again to squeeze myself and hop around on the spot. I'm so glad there was no one home because there was no justifying what was happening. The bathroom was only a room away, I was so close.

That was when the biggest leak happened. There was absolutely no control over it. I just had to wriggle and squirm and squeeze my legs until I regained control. The leak lasted about 5 seconds and I knew my shorts were soaked at the back. I could feel pee on my lower legs. I had to keep moving. I couldn't pee on the carpet. With all of my might I shuffled to the bathroom. With my legs crossed it was more of a skip. I threw my body against the bathroom door but this only made another big leak soak my arse.

I quickly shuffled inside the bathroom all the while leaking. I couldn't stop to hold since I was scared pee was going to drip onto the carpet. The leaks only became worse. I was now unable to stop no matter how hard I pulled on my shorts. I was steadily and slowly peeing non-stop. I hopped up and down to try to keep it all in but there was no stopping it. My pee hole was so tired and I had exhausted myself to no end.

With my legs still firmly crossed I made my way to the front of the toilet, leaving pee on the floor behind me all the way. I looked down at the front of my shorts and there was a huge wet patch on the front with urine seeping out of the leg holes. I desperately tried to gain the control to uncross my legs so I could pull my shorts down but the more I struggled the faster my pee stream became. It felt like there was a powerful hose between my legs.

At this point I knew I had two options:

1. Uncross my legs, pull down my shorts and undies and sit down on the toilet but knowing that I would be peeing all the while and leaving a huge puddle on the floor. (I really didn't want to make a mess)

OR

2. Plop myself down onto the toilet and pee straight through my shorts.

I had already thoroughly peed in my shorts so there were no saving them now. I opted for the second choice.

I fell down onto the toilet with a loud crash. The sound of my pee was deafening. The strong hissing was only amplified by my tight shorts. My arse was instantly soaked as the warm pee pooled around the back of the shorts before soaking through and falling into the toilet water bellow. The immense relief I felt almost sent me over the edge. All sights and sounds of the world around me were nothing as I could only feel the pleasure of wetting myself. I put my hand over my crotch to feel my powerful stream shoot out of me.

I'm not sure how long I peed for but it felt like at least a minute. That could be attributed to the fact I was on cloud 9 though.

When I was done I let myself sit there for a while and feel my bladder deflate. All I could think was "wow..."

I finally got of the toilet and surveyed the damage in the mirror. My arse was completely drenched and my front had a wide stain on the front - probably from holding my crotch with my hand and spreading the pee. My legs had glistening streaks of pee down my legs all the way to my feet. This was 100% the best hold I've ever done.

Luckily clean up was all good, since I was home alone and doing all of the washing today. The pee puddles on the ground were only small and were easily cleaned up with toilet paper. So I'm 99% sure I got away with this one. ;)

Let me know what you think! Feedback appreciated! I'll be sure to write some more encounters.

*005*2015-12-02 22:26

Thanks guys! It means a lot :D

I'll defs post some more in the future

*011*2015-12-06 09:29

{{ 

I always feel slightly warm and fuzzy when someone references my rapid desperation topic, and even better when someone talks about what it was like to do it.

Lovely experience. If you manage to find the freedom to do so, one thing I'd suggest trying for an extra kick is to try to hold a second time after the first rapid desperation hold. I've heard people go from mildly desperate to peeing themselves in incredibly short spans of time. :p

}}

Hey! I'm forever grateful you wrote that topic, it's given me a lot of insight into how desperation is achieved :D

That's a good idea! Next time I'm home alone I'll give the second hold a shot

