Happy Valentines Day to Me!

Author: babyboy6

*000*2016-02-14 18:55

Coming home from lunch and a matinee this weekend I was happily greeted with a large brown box at my door. No marking, just a large box. Knowing what was inside of it I quickly got it in the house, brought it to my room and opened it. Two cases of diapers, one for me and the other for my girlfriend. Just putting the contents in my special hidden location made me feel incredibly naughty.

Almost immediately I asked my girlfriend if we could into our new diapers. To both my delight and my dismay she told me "No, you'll just have to wait. Go and do something productive!" I did as I was told and did some homework, although the knowledge of what was about to come didn't allow me to be very productive. A little over an hour later I got up the courage to ask her again. Secretly I wanted her to get upset with me and punish me by forcing me to have an accident, then making fun of me, or spanking me, or putting my in a corner for timeout. The next best thing did happen though, she agreed to let me diaper her. We walked to the bedroom and she laid down as I opened her diaper and strapped it around her. She then went back to her work and told me "now let me finish my work...ohh and don't forget to diaper yourself." I did as I was told and not long after I had a diaper around me that made me alter how I walked because of how thick it was.

About 45 minutes later my door opened and my girlfriend came in. She laid down next to me, and without saying anything I went between her legs to feel her diaper. Through her pants I could feel that it was no longer soft and pliable but rather more firm. She had wet herself. "How long have you been wet?" I asked. "Well I had to finish my work, so a while" she responded. I then took off her pants to inspect her. "Maybe I should just leave you, and let you leak until your pants are soaked" I teased. "NOOO" she whined back, "please change me!" I teased her some more but eventually did as she requested. I then went on to clean her up...with my tongue. After she was finished she tried to grab me but noticed that I was still dry and told me "I guess you'll just have to wait. Tell me when you need your pants changed."

It didn't take me long to start filling my body with fluids, and before I knew it I had a diaper that was sagging between my legs. I then worked up the courage and told my girlfriend "honey...I had an accident." With her sexiest disapproving look she said "well take off your pants, let me see." I did as I was told, as she inspected me. "Turn around" she instructed "Yup, you did. Go lie on the bed and wait for me." I walked to the bed and waited a moment in my soggy diaper before she came in. She didn't say anything just unstrapped the tapes on my diaper and threw it down from the bed once it was off.

"Now I'm going to put you in timeout. You just sit here with your hard dick and wait until I'm ready for you. Ohh and don't piss because the way it looks right now, it'll go all over your face" she then walked out of the room and left the door open. I could hear her flipping through the channels on the TV, and after 15 minutes I wasn't sure she was coming back. She finally did though, where she laughed at me for still being hard. She laid down next to me and began to rub me while saying, "You like wetting your pants, don't you?" To which I had to respond honestly and told her "yes, I love it." She knew exactly what to say to me. "Well I might just have to keep you diapered, I don't want you wetting the bed tonight." Before long she had gotten me to come, where she handed me a box of tissues and told me "good, now clean yourself up."

Again I did as I was told as my Valentines Day present concluded.

