Accident about 30 minutes ago (bad pictures included!)

Author: twisty125

*000*2012-12-05 01:45

So tonight about 15 minutes ago (from when I was writing this =P) I actually had an accident!

It's crazy. I haven't had one in probably 5 years? Since the last one I wrote about. The thing with these stories is, I don't get any real satisfaction out of it, I'm mostly doing this for the community :D

Tonight I had been planning on doing a.. diaper-thon? Just staying in diapers from like, 8 to whenever I can change in the morning, so I've been holding since about 1 in the afternoon. The pressure wasn't that great all day, which is weird because I had held this morning too and emptied into a diaper (I posted about it in the diaper section, under Tena Super Plus).

At about 6 I could really feel the pressure, but mostly in my bowels (I'm doing a mess as well, I won't really talk about that though). I was kind of praying that I'd make it to 8 when I was planning on putting the diapers. I THEN realized I actually had to eat tonight =P so I went downstairs and started making a bagel, and then all of a sudden, BAM! Potty dance. Potty dance all the way across the sky. I seriously was in agony, so I just slopped jam on the bagels and then ran upstairs saying goodnight to my parents. (I'm in university, just living with them because it's so close and saves cash on dorms)

I actually got up to my room and then dove across the bed to the backpack with my diapers in it, and then I realized I may actually have an accident. It was a really weird feeling because I'm not used to losing control (it's SO awesome by the way). I was sitting on my bed with the diaper open, squirting into my shorts. it was slow at first but it kept happening and then I had to grab myself and it just, pee starting flowing. I didn't know what to do because, I was on my bed, and I had a diaper open. It's like when you're right beside the toilet and your zipper won't open. It was awful, and yet pretty cool too.

Finally I was able to clamp it shut (I don't know how, honestly), enough to start putting the diaper on, except I kept failing and put it on backwards and stuff. Eventually I get 2 of the 4 tapes on and went to the corner of my room where there was light, and then I just started going. I was frozen and I emptied the rest of my bladder into the diaper. I was kind of mad at myself because I went too early, haha. I ended up poking holes in it, and putting another over top so I'm double-diapered now, ready for the night.

If there's any want, I can tell about what happens tonight? I'm not sure if that's a thing people like to hear about.

Pictures! Sorry for the shitty quality/lighting, I had to do it quick before it dried and I had nowhere to take a nice photo so.

The briefs I was wearing. The front got quite wet, it dried a bit while I was getting myself fixed up.

The front of my shots. Laundry time =(

In hindsight it doesn't look like a lot of pee..

