How did it feel to wet as a kid, compared to now?

Author: ol77

*000*2016-02-08 17:02

When I'm going to hold, I always try to hold it until I actually wet my pants. I never just "let it out." That's boring to me. I hold it as long as I can, until it finally comes out beyond my control. I guess I'm trying to kind of re-create what it would have felt like to have an accident as a kid. I love that "uh oh" feeling you get when you just KNOW that you CAN'T hold the pee in anymore and it's about to come out, no matter how hard you try to hold it. It's a really unique feeling. You know it when you're at that point.

The thing is though, is that it takes a long time for me to get to that emergency point. Sometimes it can take several hours and I feel my bladder stretching and it just really hurts. The entire time, I'm having to strain and squeeze to keep the pee in and it feels like my bladder keeps stretching. Finally it gets to a point where I can't hold it in anymore and the pee starts to come out in squirts. After a few squirts, it starts to actually gush out and then I totally wet my pants. It's a real wetting, I can't hold it anymore and it just comes out.

What I'm wondering though is does anyone remember what it felt like to wet when you were a kid? I only ever wet my pants once in school (that I can remember). It happened when I was in 1st grade. Unfortunately, I can't really remember exactly what it felt like...but I don't remember it actually hurting like this when I was trying to hold it. I think I just felt more and more anxious and then suddenly I just couldn't hold it anymore and it came out. I wasn't trying to hold it deliberately, for some reason I was just too embarrassed to ask the teacher if I could go to the bathroom. And after that, I was so paranoid about ever wetting my pants again that I went to the bathroom every chance I got, even if I didn't feel like I had to go.

I think it feels different if you hold pee in and have an accident as a kid, compared to how it feels as an adult. Maybe because your sphincter isn't as strong, and so you completely lose control earlier? I just know that what makes it hurt to hold pee in is because the bladder keeps stretching. I think even teenage kids feel different than adults if they wet.

I just wish I could remember what it felt like, so I could re-create it and have a better experience. I guess that's really what I'm trying to do. I like getting to that emergency point...all the straining before that is really hard.

*004*2016-02-09 00:44

Thanks for the replies so far!

@jellybean18, I'm going to have to try that. I like playing computer games so maybe I could do that. I need to find more ways to get distracted while I'm holding!

And Barry, thanks for telling your stories! So would you say that it felt a lot different to hold it when you were a kid? It seems like when you're a kid you feel more of a sense of "urgency" but it doesn't actually hurt like it can when you're an adult. My theory is still that it's because the bladder doesn't stretch as much when you're a kid and your sphincter is not as strong, so you suddenly lose control much faster. I never deliberately held it when I was a kid. Now I wish I had! After that one time I had an accident, I was so scared about wetting my pants that I never even tried to hold it. Also, I had no interest in this at all. Well I mean I do remember being vaguely curious and slightly interested when I saw that a kid had to pee during school, but I actually felt bad for them. I was kind of curious about what was going to happen, but I knew I would feel really bad for them if they actually had an accident.

The first time I actually started to deliberately hold it was when I was in high school. I would never do that at school, because I had a hard enough time as it was! I was kind of a small kid and I got picked on a lot, so the last thing I needed would be to have an accident at school! But I started to get curious about what it would feel like to have to go pee really bad. Once in a while, I saw other kids get desperate at school because a teacher wouldn't let them go during class, or they just thought they could wait, etc. So I was curious about what it felt like. I had never tried to hold it that long all throughout my childhood because like I said I was too scared. So I wanted to try it at home. I think I was around 15 when I first started trying to hold it as an experiment.

I would drink a lot of soda and then sit in my room and watch tv and play video games for a while. It did seem to happen really fast, a lot faster than now. I remember one time I went from barely feeling anything to having to pee really bad in less than an hour! I do remember feeling a lot of pressure. Unfortunately though, I don't remember actually wetting my pants. I had already been doing my own laundry for a while by that time so I could have washed my clothes without a big deal, but for some reason I just didn't want to go through with it. Maybe I was scared about getting caught?

I stopped my holding "experiments" for several years. I was about 19 when I started holding it all the way until I wet my pants. I remember the first time I caused myself to have an accident. It was late at night, everyone in the house was already asleep. I was in my room. I had always been a nightowl, so my parents were used to me being up and watching tv late at night. Since my tv was on and the walls are a bit thick, no one could tell what I was doing. I had been drinking a lot of soda and kool-aid all night.

I had pajamas on, and I was sitting on the floor and trying to be comfortable. I had to pee really bad and my bladder was stretching. It was starting to hurt a lot, but I was determined to try to hold it as long as I could. I put a pillow between my legs and kind of "hugged" it with my legs to try to help me squeeze. I had to really strain and squeeze hard to keep holding the pee in. I probably even whined or whimpered a little bit, and it's a good thing that no one heard me. I was even sweating a little. Then suddenly it felt different. Instead of just feeling the pain and pressure, I felt something else, a real feeling of urgency, that the pee was about to come out. At first I got scared and I didn't know what I should do.

But then I got excited because I had never felt anything like that since I was a little kid. I got that "uh oh!" feeling. I started trembling, my legs were shaking, and it was like I couldn't even feel my sphincter anymore. I tried sitting in a different position, I squeezed the pillow between my legs as tight as I could, and grabbed myself but I knew it was coming out. It was kind of scary, but also exhilarating! The pee suddenly came out! I wet my pants! I couldn't believe what I had just done, but before I had a chance to figure out what to do, I felt another wave and I couldn't stop it. I stood up and crossed my legs and tried as hard I could to hold the pee in, but I just couldn't. Before I had a chance to finally make it to the bathroom, I had completely wet my pajamas. No one ever knew what happened and I was able to put my pants in the washing machine without incident.

My favorite part is that "uh oh" moment. It's just that like I said, all the effort before that is what is so hard. It's actually been a long time since I've held it like that. I might have to do it again sometime. I'm actually living at home again right now, because of some things going on in my personal life. But I know how to be discrete. Also, maybe I'm just lucky, but my pee has never smelled very strong at all. It's always been really dilute for some reason. I'm not exaggerating that I could wet my pants one night and put them in my clothes basket and not do my laundry until the next day and you'd never know it. To this day, no one on Earth knows about my little....umm...hobby. Well, other than you guys I guess!

