My Mentor chapter 4

Author: murphdog

*000*2014-02-21 03:39

Revelations at the wine tasting

At the time I might have been young but I was no fool. Katie's timing was just too convenient, besides Laura was the ultimate planner. She had dressed me in a pair of new wrangler jeans and a nice polo style shirt, and oh ya she had me slide on a pair of my work coveralls before doing the spider mission. God you have to love a smart woman with an imagination.

We dropped my truck off at the apartment and climbed in with Katie and her husband Roger. Roger was driving, the girls headed right for the back seat of Katie's suburban. I took the passengers front seat. Roger doesn't say much, then again being married to Katie he doesn't have to because she never stops talking, one of the things we all love about Katie. The other thing about Roger is that the man is an absolute geniuses, he has a PHD in nuclear physics and worked out at Hanford. At bit eccentric, but what the hell; you are allowed to be at that level. He was in to jazz and had what he called mood music on the stereo. It was kind of cool for a change but not something I would listen to every day. The girls were doing the girl talk, Roger was into his music so I just kicked back and enjoyed the 45 minute drive to the winery.

Of course my mind took me straight back to the wet panties I found in Laura's closet. I imagined what it looked like as she struggled to not wet herself, how little bits might have escaped, and how her panties gradually got wetter and wetter. I could almost smell the sweetness in her panties. I could picture her getting out of the car desperately crossing her legs, fumbling for her keys and finally loosing the battle at the front door. How her pants would have looked as she soaked them and oh that wonderful bottom and how the wet spot would enhance the view. At this point I had to adjust myself so as not to allow my enthusiasm to be too obvious. I could see Laura in my mind looking around to make sure no one saw her. I could see her rushing to the bathroom to take her wet cloths off, probably heading straight to the washing machine naked to get them in the washed before anyone found out.

Reality smacked me like a big stick, the only way I found Laura's wet panties was because she wanted me to find her wet panties. And where were the pants? In fact the more I thought about it when I first went into the closet I never recalled seeing the laundry basket. HMMM this was interesting. It was very obvious that in the game of romance poker that Laura and I were playing she was spanking my butt both literally and figuratively. The former was great although my competitive side was not so happy about the latter.

The winery that we went to was one of our favorites, they specialized in White Rieslings. This afternoon they were unveiling a late harvest and, drum roll please, an ice wine. Ice wines are rare, something like once every 10 years the weather conditions are such that an ice wine is produced. The stuff was something like $80.00 a bottle. Very sweet but in a sophisticated way. Roger had connections with owners of the winery henceforth that is why we were able to partake in the special tasting. Personally I like the taste of the late harvest better, not quite as sweet and not near as rare. Besides the late harvest I could afford, the Ice wine was way out of my league. Roger bought a case of the ice wine for his wine cellar noting that it was an investment. I bought 2 bottles of the late harvest knowing that Laura liked it. I suppose both of us were looking towards a bright future, mine was just going to come a little sooner.

The drive home was fun even Roger was laughing and having a good time. Then again at least for the girls and I we each had a few glasses of wine to our credit. Laura was beaming, a couple of times when our eyes met she smiled, and gave me that special little look of a happy women. Katie noticed, and was having a fun time pointing it out. They dropped us off and Laura reached out and took my hand as we walked to my apartment.

Once inside we started dinner, I put a couple of steaks on the little grill that resided on my balcony, I had a veggie tray in the frig and there was always fresh fruit. We had a simple but delicious supper ready in under an hour. Although dinner we chatted not about anything in particular but just talked. After dinner we put a movie in the VCR I think it was Top Gun and cuddled up on my old couch with a bottle of wine, life was grand.

It was about 9:00 when the movie ended, but even before the end of the movie there was a level of anticipation building between the two of us. As the movie credits started to roll I noticed Laura fidget just a bit, now was the opportunity I had been looking for. "Laura do you have to pee" I inquired. "A little" she responded coyly. "Hmmm" is all I said. I waited a couple of minutes.

"So young lady tell me why you peed your panties yesterday" I asked causally. "It was an accident I could not help it the traffic was so bad and I tried to hold it but.... I made it all the way into the house and it just started" all the time she was speaking she was trying hard to hide a smile. "Don't they have bathrooms at the Dr. Office" I asked again in a causal tone.

"Well yes but I wanted to get home and I thought I could hold it" her voice not unlike that of a little girl pleading her cause to an unconvinced mother. "You know young lady that you were naughty" my voice now stern. I could tell Laura was hanging on every word waiting for the edict that I was about to be delivered. But this time it was my turn to take control and change things up. "However I am going to give you the benefit of the doubt and let you off the hook after all I can understand being caught in traffic and not making it to the bathroom in time" Laura's facial expression immediately changed, she even wrinkled her forehead.

Laura gave me the same look that my wife gave me when I gave her that vacuum for her birthday the first year after we were married. Never mind that she had been suggesting for weeks that she needed a new vacuum, and never mind that I brought home the exact model that she has said she wanted. NOTE to single, never been married guys DO NOT GIVE YOUR WIFE A VACUUM FOR HER BIRTHDAY REGARDLESS OF HOW PRACTICLE SHE SAYS SHE IS. Fourteen years later and I am still hearing about it. Ok back to the story.

A gave it a seconded then continued "however young lady if you have another accident I will have no choice but to take your pants and panties down and paddle your bottom, have I made myself clear" I was doing everything I could to stay in character. Laura smiled and stuck her tongue out at me. I scored one and had issued an unspoken dare the question was, would Laura bite?

*002*2014-02-21 05:54

Thank you I am glad that you are enjoying them.

