Wetting from the train station to the house (Male)

Author: warmsuprize

*000*2015-01-31 14:03

Me and my partner (we're split up but still sexually together, it's complicated), I'll call her Alice for now. She has been very supportive of my wetting fetish, even joining in. We were talking the other night (sort of between the bed sheets) about me wetting in public and she said "I want you to phone me when you do and tell me about it". Needless to say that encouraged me a lot. So later on, after plenty of coffee I was leaving to go home. I needed to pee slightly but said nothing.

My walk was half hour to the train station, a quick train journey and another walk for twenty minutes until I'd arrive at a friend's house where I'm staying. It was around 8pm and freezing cold. I walked briskly to the station whilst still needing to pee. Because of the cold I soon got very desperate and although there were a few places I could have gone along the way, I chose to hold it instead. This was getting quite exciting because of a certain element of danger. I knew once I got to the station I'd have to hold it because there aren't any toilets and the whole place is lit up.

When I got to the station, it was fairly empty. I was sat, standing, fidgeting like mad whilst waiting for 7 excruciatingly long minutes for the train to arrive. There was a guy bit near me reading something and I was trying to keep still. When the train came, I got on it and hoped that the warm would ease my bladder a bit. I didn't. At one point I considered using the train toilet. I got up but because I had a huge rucksack, ironically full of washing I'd had cleaned, I wasn't confident in getting through the small isle so I just sat down and fidgeted like mad again. It wasn't long before we got to my stop and standing by the door I didn't realize another guy behind me when I'd been fidgeting with my hands in my crotch. Not sure if he noticed but I soon stopped when I saw him.

I marched off the train and started heading home. The need was just getting impossible to bear any longer. I knew I was going to wet myself any moment. The road was empty. It was fairly dark. I had white jeans on. I started to reach into my coat for my phone. As I did a stream of pee came out. I knew this was it. I was shaking, heart pounding. I dialled the number and when Alice answered, I answered her in the most shaky whispered voice you could imagine. "I'm wetting myself".

And I was. I'd started going full flow and there was lots. She started laughing, in a nice way, then asked me if I felt liberated and I said yes. The call was short and sweet. We said goodnight and I hung up. I was still peeing. I looked down and saw a nice tell-tale patch all down my legs. It was obvious.

I felt strangely brave. I've done this before, wetting at night but this was more open and risky. As I continued, a few cars passed. I'm not sure if they saw me but their headlights certainly did. I came around another corner and saw a woman in her car pulling out. I felt confident enough to look into passing cars to see if they were looking at me. I think I was only like that because I was on such a rush. Normally I'm not so bold.

I don't know if they saw me but I did pass a boy, perhaps 18, along this dark path. But just before that I peed myself again and considering it was only minutes after the first wetting, there was still loads of pee left. So as I'm walking along this dark path, I see the boy and start panicking. I think other male wetters might understand this, that when I wet in public, I find the thought of being seen by a woman nice but being seen by a man as really awkward. I think it's some macho hang-up or whatever. Thing is, public wetting is a gamble so I suppose in for a penny out for a pound eh? Well as I got closer to him, fate happened to give me the spot where the lamp post was shinning at its best. So even looking in my direction he would have found it difficult not to notice my peed in jeans. Again, the brave rush allowed me to look at his face when we passed but he continued looking down, and passed with a strong whiff of cannabis.

The next part of the journey I knew would be easier. I had waterproofs that I could put over my jeans to hide the mess. So after a bit I stopped to do just that but soon noticed they weren't going smoothly over my boots. I didn't want to take off my boots and also I was on a street, which was dark but cars would pass occasionally. So I thought "Stuff it" and walked the remainder as I was.

In front I noticed some road works. No way I was walking past all the men so I turned around and took an alternative route. This route was through the village although I passed nobody. I even wet again before I got in but maybe a little too close to the house because it takes a bit of time for the pee to stop dripping. I was actually doing this thing which I've watched in a couple of videos where the women rub their hands down the insides of their jeans to get the drips off. My boots were soaked. My jeans felt heavy. Now I had to get inside without my mate seeing.

Fate helped me out. I got in and with my large rucksack covering me, I told him I was going to put my rucksack away and then he said he was just off out for ten minutes to do something, so I managed to get changed without him seeing anything.

It was an amazing experience. The phone call with Alice, the rush, everything. The next day I took my clothes over to Alice's and my jeans were still wringing wet. I managed to save the boots by putting them in a cold wash on a slow spin inside some pillow cases. Clean clothes ready to be wet in again hehe. But the problem with wetting at night is that it's dark and not many people about. I want to do day public wettings but I'd have to do it away from home. When I walk through the way I mentioned above now, I'm always wondering who I will pass who saw me that night. Public wettings close to home are definitely a bullet in the foot yet sometimes we do crazy things yeah?

*002*2015-02-18 10:03

Thanks Gemmy. Yes it was nice having someone to share it with. Unfortunately me and my partner, well ex-partner, seem to be drifting off into different lives. But that's okay, I can still share my experiences on here. Glad you enjoyed it. I had another incident yesterday walking home where I held to long and it just started coming out into my jeans. I sat down on a wall, not knowing what to do while the pee slowly but persistently poured forth. The pressure eased off and I was able to walk around a building where luckily I had a spare pair of trousers (my ex still lets me wash my clothes at her house and that was where I was coming from). The stain was half way down my white jeans, the same jeans as in the story above. In fact, the same town too! I walked home, checking if the wetness had gone through to my trousers I had put on top of the wet ones, I think I was covered. It felt nice walking the rest of the way home in wet jeans and a wet crotch.

