Best High school girlfriend story

Author: DrEgonSpengler

*000*2011-08-17 09:05

After that first incident, my crush and I began to date. We were pretty close and became closer, but still I was cautious about being too open about wanting to watch her have an accident again since I felt like we had a good thing going and there was no reason to possibly jeopardize everything. At least that's how I saw it looking back *shrug*

There would be small instances though that kept the hope alive that something exciting was always around the corner. I remember one time I came over and we were laying on the couch watching TV. She liked to lay her legs across my lap while I sat up, with both of us under a blanket and let me pull her shorts to the side between her legs to better explore her body as she closed her eyes. Once while we were doing this, I started to put my fingers inside her waistband and then slid them all the way in and felt that her panties were quite wet already, which surprised me and made me stop for a second.

Megan then sat up while slightly turning red and told me that she really, really had to pee but waited for me to get there so that she could let me in the house and that while I went upstairs, she went to the bathroom and a little came out before she could get her shorts down. I said it was okay, but she still got up and changed her shorts and underwear anyway, which made me think that maybe the pee angle just wasn't something that was really going to amount to anything. But I was wrong, haha...

Awhile after we had been dating, her parents started to go out of town a lot since they were thinking about moving in a few years. Her parents loved me and thought I was a good guy so they actually preferred if I was around to "watch the girls" while they were gone. One night when we were alone, we had just gotten back from a movie and we started to kiss as we went through the front door and kept at it until she led me to her bedroom. We both laid down on the bed and were holding each other in a sort of silent "yep, this is it" sort of embrace.

She reached down and felt how hard I was through my pants and I started to unbutton her jeans. She stood up and said that she had to go to the bathroom first. I decided that if we were going to be having sex anyway, why not push my luck? So I asked if I could follow her. She thought for a second and then nodded. She had a bathroom/shower in her room so we went in and she started to pull her pants off but left her panties on. She asked if it was okay like this. I swallowed hard and said yes.

She sat down and spread her legs and I watched her blue underwear start to turn dark blue as she started to pee. I asked if she could stop going and she did and I leaned in and kissed her hard which made her start to go again and made me almost cum in my jeans. She finished peeing and I turned on the shower. We both undressed each other and got in and she jerked me off in, oh, 2 seconds, haha, but things kept going. After we were clean, we turned on music and halfway dried off and laid down on top of the sheets and had sex.

Afterward I asked if the peeing made it better and she said that it did, but the way she said it made me think it wouldn't be an all the time thing, which was just fine by me. She then told me that it was an accident she'd had when was 12 that made her realize how good it felt to hold it and start to lose control. She was with her mom after a track meet and they had stopped to get gas in an out-of-the-way place on the way back home. She had been drinking a lot of water to hydrate and was really bursting to pee. So, she went inside in her track attire of blue satin shorts and white top and looked for a bathroom but didn't see one. The cashier said that they didn't have one for customers, but that she could go a ways down the road.

Megan told me that as the cashier said that, she got extremely desperate very fast and started to leak into her panties. She said thanks and managed to get some control as she turned around and started to walk out the door, but as she did she peed into her shorts uncontrollably for a few seconds, which was enough to go down her legs and get on the pavement. She walked back towards her Mom's van and she said she sort of sat on the bumper facing a field and finished by letting a little out and holding it and that it felt "really good like below my stomach". Her mom was pumping gas the whole time and never noticed. Megan just sat on a towel in the far back seat for the rest of the ride home.

Anyway, that's the best and last of the real-life "Megan stories", I sort of combined the best one with a couple of others if you couldn't tell, haha

But don't worry, I think the "Amber" stories are even better~ I'll post one soon

