Just Me & A Maxi Pad

Author: WarmPants

*000*2013-01-04 00:10

Its great when the house is empty all day, gives me time to myself to indulge in my dirty little secret.

Recently i have discovered large Maxi Pads, which my current partner uses during her periods. I found out a year ago, she uses them, because they came out of the cupboard for the heavy part. I became intrigued when i looked in the bag and saw how thick they were.

Of course i had seen maxi pads before, but not this size, it was ultra thick, almost a nappy. I got turned on by the look of it, so i couldnt help but keep one for a wet day. Before, i would sit on the toilet in whatever clothing i chose and would pee myself.

This was a revolution for me, i could wear a maxi pad, i have thought about buying nappies for myself, but thought it to be a bit odd due to not having any kids.

I dont know what it was, but a pleasantly daring & naughty feeling took me over as i opened up the pad, pulled down my Boxer Jockey shorts and put the pad inside the curve of my shorts, though im a straight feeling guy, i felt a little feminine too, and vulnerable, if suddenly someone walked in the room and caught me with my pants down, with a maxi pad inside them. Fortunateley, that didnt happen.

I pulled up my boxer shorts, guiding my pad to comfort, nestling my penis niceley inside the soft pad material, though being aroused, did make the journey to the top difficult. Adjusting the pad, i pulled my shorts tight against me, as tight as i could, keeping my penis nice and snug against the pad. Finally, i pulled up my trousers and buttoned them to hold me together, ready for some fun, doing usual household chores.

When im sober, i can go for hours without peeing, because i dont think about it, if im busy with other things. When that happens, there is alot of pee. Though i do like the feeling of going through the day feeling my bladder fill up.

I roamed about the house, with the freedom of letting out little juices now and again. It was strange at first, i feared i might pee my clothes if i did too much, but if the other half came home and saw i had peed myself, i dont know what her reaction would have been.

From time to time as a i peed little drips, i could feel the warmth soaking into the pad, soaking around my skin, warm and moist.

As the day continued, i would feel myself getting wetter, and i could feel the maxi pad getting heavier with my pissy juices.

When i sat down for a rest from time to time, i could feel the wetness soaking into my bum hole. From time to time i would put my hand down my shorts into the pad to feel the wetness. Soft, and very wet, humid temperatures. Turned me on so much, kinda reminded me of getting intimate with a woman, when i put my hand in her knickers, and gave her some fun with her pad on. Thinking this,led me to have some self loving filling the pad with cum juices too.

The more confident throughout the day adjusting and enjoying the feeling of liberation, the more pee i would let go. My bladder was fillin faster than the spurts i would let out. The maxi pad was getting heavier, pulling my shorts down.

It was time for the final call, it was the end of the day and the missus is due back in the next couple of hours.

Time to adjust myself, roll a bifta, find some female wetting porn online, sit down feet up and relax.

Watching the woman wetting her pants helped me to wet myself with her. I let go, and, slowly let my pee dribble into the pad. I sped up, but was worried if i went too fast i would leak into my clothes and onto the sofa. I kept speeding up, and could feel the hot pee splashing inside into my arse again. The more i let go, the more the pad filled up, and finally the pad started to leak out of the crack of my bum, not much though, and a little down the sides of my legs, wetting the crotch of my trousers, visible if i stood up, and more so from behind.

After i finished my pee, i sat and puffed on my bifta, with my hand down my pants, feeling the damage that had been done. None at all, it felt peaceful and very wet, this really turned me on again, so i had to battle the storm brewing in my pants, by finishing myself off and topping my juices with my love juices. After my relaxation it was time to do some bits and bobs, i kept the now saturated heavy towel on, keeping it tight against me with my penis swimming on my own tasty juices. How do i know they were juicy? Use your imagination/

I could feel the maxi pad, heavy, it was time for her to move on before my partner got back, it weighed heavily as i picked it out of my boxers, with my juices creating a sweet smelling aroma. Some people like the scent of themselves, i am one of those, each to their own eh?

After that, maxi pad in the bin, quick shower, a well spent afternoon......

After that day, i had a few wettings in more since.

Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed

Happy Wetting

*002*2013-01-05 12:53

Thanks for your reply Rachel. I suppose if i go to supermarket, it would be less noticable, and could build up the nerve to do so. I love the fact, that they have a wasteband to hold up, and imagine it to comfortable wearing them, so i may buy some to try them out, once i run out of the pads i have. x

*004*2013-01-06 21:46

Thanks for the encouragement, i think its the nerve i need to face knowing that nobody really knows, and in my mind, i know what im buying them for and therefore with that in mind, i can feel the palpitations already thinking about going in. I might try the supermarket first therefore with a big load of shopping, nobody is really going to take any notice. As for going to a local chemist, it may be a bit more obvious on a one to one, when i get a list off stuff to go for in the chemists, then i will get them from there, will keep you posted on how i get on xx

*006*2013-01-08 02:25

Suppose i could go into the chemists and buy adult diapers, and ask for condoms which might take the shine from buying diapers alone, haha, my red face would be justified to the people around for buying condoms, but then i guess walking up to the counter would set my heart at a super speed.

*008*2013-01-13 03:20

Thats true as well dude, there is a fear of bumping in to some one you know, thats sods law when your out and someone catches you out unaware. London is a big city, its the same north of the border in my city, every so often a face from the past pops up when you least expect it in a shop.

