Ex Girlfriend's Math Ordeal

Author: Kawasajo

*000*2016-01-04 09:28

After some recollecting of past experiences I've witnessed and good feedback on my last story "The Geography Bee" I've decided to share more.

Back in high school I dated a girl, we'll call her Haley. She was more of a brown skinned Asian and quite petite in size. She wasn't much on the breasts but had a quite curvy little body despite being a little on the chubbier side. She and I were very open about my little Omorashi fetish but at this time the only Omo-related pleasure I had was through her, this was before I stumbled upon this community and the world of Omorashi.

In the beginning stages of our openly accepting Omo stage of our relationship, we were texting each other in class all day on a school day one day. This day in particular was a Friday, this was HER day to dress nice and get dolled up. She wore right white tube top that revealed half of her belly underneath a black sheer (see-through) shirt with white crosses on them, Maroon leggings and black ballet flats. Her hair was done in curls and she was dolled up in make up, she looked amazing today, at least in my eyes. One thing to note about her outfit was that the Maroon leggings she wore was originally bought a size too small, so if you were to look VERY closely, you could see her panties if she wore them dark enough, and since they were so tight, they most definitely showed outlines of more than they should when she'd be sitting down....

As I was texting her I'd constantly tease her about her and her pee habits, despite having a rather large bladder for such a small girl (from my experience she's able to hold a lot) she pees very often, probably because she drinks a lot of liquids throughout the day.

On this particular day however she had just bought herself one of those clear Starbucks Coffee cups with the straw the day before and decided to take it out for a spin today. Throughout the day she told me how much she loved using it, and from what she told me she drank quite a lot....In the 2nd to last class of the day, around 1:00 that day (school ended at about 2:30 pm for us) she had told me by that point in the day she had already downed 4 Venti (Large) sized cups of water, and mind you, she is NOT doing this on purpose so everything that would happen in the next hour and a half was completely unplanned.

"So, with all that water going through you as we speak.....how ya feelin'? ;)" I texted her.

She replied with: "My bladder is actually pretty full right now LOL,"

I was now quite aroused and excited, hoping to see her desperate after school. However the realization dawned on me that we had an hour and a half left of school, and judging by the stage of desperation she's at now, I highly doubt she'd make it till then and most likely will put on a show I'd kill to see in her next class...

We texted some more, and around 1:15 she told me she needed to leave to her next class for Math, and her teacher in that class was strict so she'd try to text when she can but to try and keep it at a minimum. To this I reluctantly obliged, hoping to at least hear from her a little as her desperation would undoubtedly grow this next period. Unfortunately this was the last time I heard from her until we got out of school, and when we met after school ended, I noticed she looked completely fine and not desperate at all. I knew this was a red flag as she gave me a sheepish smile, and boy did she have a story to tell me.....when we went back to her house, we sat down and I had her tell me EVERYTHING in complete detail from what she did to hold it, how long, what stages of desperation she hit at what times into the class, everything. After piecing it all together, here's what happened in her Math class:

Haley walked into class and sat at her seat at the very front, right corner of the room near the teacher's desk. Having being too lazy to go to the bathroom last class and spending the last 15 minutes of that last class bouncing her legs up and down to suppress the seemingly dormant urge to pee, her need to pee significantly spiked in the first several minutes into class. She had told me that her need was at a 5/10 in the last class, but once her last class, Math class, started, her desperation jumped from a 5/10 to a 7 writhing the first several minutes of class. As she sat there, beginning to squirm in her seat and change her sitting position frequently while bouncing her legs up and down, the teacher pulled out a pop quiz for the class to take, which meant Haley needed to stick it out till the end of the test.

As soon as she got her text she immediately got to work, blazing through each question with a breeze. As she went through the test however, her need to pee quickly grew by the minute and made it harder and harder for her to complete the quiz. The quiz was handed out at about 1:30p.m, and not only 5-10 minutes into the quiz her bladder was already filling up very full and sending her very big signals. She squirmed in her seat as she jotted down equations, changing her position every minute and constantly bumping her knees up and down and rubbing her thighs together.

At about 1:40-1:45 she finished her quiz, but the rest of the class was only about halfway done (she was quite the bookworm) but at this point her need went from a 7/10 to an 8/10, going on 9/10 in just 10 minutes, and her need was still quickly growing. For the next ten minutes she sat in her seat, silently suffering as she struggled to secretly control her bladder and keep her leggings dry without making it obvious to the rest of the class, which made it even worse for her giving her anxiety and fear for not making it to the bathroom. She had now hit a 9/10 and she could not sit still for barely even a second at this point, constantly squirming.

She constantly leaned forward in jolts, changed her sitting position every several seconds, rocked back in forth in her seat, leaned back and slid down in her seat to sprawl out her legs, then slid back up several seconds later to resume squirming upright, and often turned to her right side to dangle her legs out straight and wiggle them vigorously, hard enough to make her bounce in her seat. She constantly slid to the edge of her seat and back throughout all this squirming, and this also caused her seat to creak quite a lot. She also crossed her legs and wrapped her arms underneath the top leg, then pulled it up towards her while leaning back in her seat, then leaned forward in the same fashion, and after ward uncrossed her legs to go back to squirming. She kept her hands in her lap near her throbbing nether regions, which was now a completely exposed cameltoe after her tights had ridden up quite high from all the squirming.

After a few minutes she began to have what she described as "Super Urges". When this happened she would work her hand underneath her legs, then lift them up while leaning forward, and she'd hold this holding position for a long period until it calmed down to the normal urge and resumed squirming.

At about 1:50ish everyone finally finished the quiz and the began to correct them as a class for the next five minutes, which Haley spent dying in her seat, almost unable to focus on her quiz. At this point she was going on a 10/10 urge and was so desperate she began to squirm while crossing her left leg over her flight, and since she was at the right-most front corner of the room, she discreetly worked her right hand into her pussy and squeezed it while squirming with her tightly crossed legs and struggling to concentrate on correcting her quiz.

Once they finished correcting the quiz, the teacher announced yet ANOTHER quiz to be taken right at that very moment. At this moment Haley shuddered, she knew she would DEFINITELY NOT make it till the end of school, not even halfway through that next quiz without losing all of her pee into her leggings and her seat. She thought "f*** that" and turned to her classmate on her left. She asked "Hey....um, if we have to use the bathroom do we have to ask the teacher or can we just go?" Her classmate told her that she could just go, and immediately at this response she jumped up from her seat. It was at this moment that the pressure in her bladder and pussy spiked to a 10/10 from standing up. This caused her to scurry to the back of the class to grab the hall pass, and speed walk out of the classroom. 

The closest bathroom was on the floor below, so she speed-walked to the stairs, jogged down the staircase and entered the lower floor's hall. With the bathroom now in sight, she began to speed up her pace the closer she got to the bathroom door from the end of the hall. She went from speed walking at the end of the hall, to absolutely sprinting once she got to the bathroom door. She ran to her stall in the bathroom and slammed the door and locked it. She was so desperate at this point she was literally jumping up and down stomping and doing a high-jumping running man on the spot to hold it in while she worked her leggings down. Once she got them down she plopped onto the toilet and let the flood gates open. She peed for nearly two minutes straight, oh how lovely that must've felt for her. After she finished her business in the bathroom she went back to her class and resumed to completely the second quiz.

After hearing this story I was extremely salty and upset that I had not been there to witness ANY of it, so we established a strict rule for her to ALWAYS relieve herself whenever she's out without me to avoid any desperation at ALL, and that the only desperation she'd have was when she'd hold for me in private haha! What a great relationship it was. Although this was quite a long while back and we are no longer together anymore, this story of an almost near wetting by a girl I once loved and fancied always gets me off and I would've killed to witness it. I hope you guys enjoyed the story ~

