Riding with Jennifer

Author: aqua

*000*2011-10-05 04:36

I think I've written about all the wetting I witnessed through 6th grade, plus some others. There were two I saw (and one I accidentally created), one in 7th grade and one in 8th grade.

In 7th grade at the beginning of the year it was still very warm and one weekend I was invited to go the country house of an old friend, a girl named Jennifer, with her mom. I think she was an only mom since I don't remember every seeing Jennifer's day. Jennifer mom was a character, an interesting one, and had a really old car in great condition with a rumble seat. (A seat outside where the trunk would be for two people...not safe but a trip to ride in.) Anyway, we did some errands and Jennifer's mom let us ride in the rumble seat. We had been drinking sodas and each had another in the back for the trip. 

We took roads through towns and didn't drive fast or on major highways. The trip after the errands took maybe an hour and a half. Jennifer was beginning to develop and was a very pretty girl, but felt sort of like a cousin to me: a girl I found attractive but in the family. We had been great friends for years. I remember during that last year that I would get turned on by her, which was new, as we both were hitting puberty. In the past we had gone swimming in our underwear together, and I had seen Jennifer's panties many times as she was not too careful with her legs. I always liked that, of course, but increasingly found her more and more attractive. I left it at that.

The obvious happened: as we rode along we both had to pee, but we couldn't signal her mom to find a place. We tried, if none too hard, but the wind in our face made our yells useless. Jennifer at one point grabbed herself through her summer, blue dress. I found myself excited and somewhat hard watching her but for the next 10 minutes we talked and she didn't hold herself anymore. The road we were on at this point, about 30 minutes from the country house, had few if any stops and no towns. Then Jennifer turned to me and said, "I really, really have to pee...I don't think I can hold it long." I looked at her, very very turned on at her situation, but also feeling badly for her. "I have to pee also...what should we do?", I said.

She shrugged her shoulders, as if to say its useless to try to get her mom's attention. We sat in silence for bit but not too long. We had both stopped drinking at this point. Jennifer was not beginning to shift around in her seat quite a bit, every so often looking at me as if to say, "I can't help it...." I was beginning to imagine her wetting her dress and panties, but figured that was just my imagination....Then, with a jerk she grabbed herself quickly and firmly through her dress. "I can't hold it much longer...I don't want to wet my pants...what should I do?" I joked that she wasn't wearing pants. "You know what I mean...seriously, I'm about to pee myself."

She put her other hand up her dress, sliding her dress way up her legs, holding herself both over and under her dress. I became quite hard and was really embarrassed Jennifer would see my erection. I was embarrassed both that she see it though my pants, but also that she'd know her predicament was turning me on. I felt badly for her at the same time. And I also had to pee, but not as badly as she did it seemed.

For a few minutes she sat still holding herself, not particularly caring about her legs. I was watching her but trying not to be too obvious. I also felt very awkward. To break the silence I asked (stupidly...), "What are you gong to do?" "I'll try to hold on as long as I can, what else can I do, but I feel I can't hold it long at all." "You could pee on the floor if you squeeze down. I won't look...", I offered, hoping secretly that she wouldn't take me up on the idea.

I guess she thought about it, but it would have been hard for her to get on the floor as it was built just for feet. "Maybe I'll just sit forward on the seat...." She moved her butt forward and pulled up her dress over her panties. I was totally surprised she didn't ask me to not look but was mesmerized by her holding herself over her panties. Her panties were totally cute: white cotton with a little blue bow just under the elastic on the top front, and blue lace around the legs and the waist band. 

At this point I lost track of time I was so taken with what I thought was about to happen: Jennifer, this girl I had known since we were little, was about to her her panties as I watched, unable to hold on any longer. FOr some while she just sat there, legs together tightly pushed on her right hand. And at some point (seconds, minutes?) she opened her legs and began to flood her panties, wetting the seat a bit and leaving a puddle on the floor. As she began to wet her panties I realized she was soaking her dress. "You're peeing on your dress, Jenn", I said. She, all the while peeing, pulled her now pretty wet dress up from under her and held it above her panties...I have no idea how long she peed for, 15 seconds? 30? But I just stared.....finally she finished. I tried with little success to regain my composure, but the fact that Jennifer's cute panties were also somewhat see through didn't help at all.

Jennifer, now sitting back in the seat, but with her dress around her waist, looked at me. I realized I was flushed with excitement and it was probably obvious I was turned on. And I was deeply embarrassed, although she should have been the one more embarrassed. "David," she said, "you've seen my in my panties before...what the big deal?" "I, I....well, yes, but I've never...ush...never seen you...well, you know, wet them. And you, we, were...you know, younger."

She looked down at her wet, vaguely yellowed and a bit transparent cotton panties and for the first time she flushed, now pulling down her dress over her legs. "Well, I see what you mean....but I just couldn't hold it. Don't tell our friends, OK?"

"Sure, our secret...and I also really have to pee." We were almost at the house. 'Can you hold it"", Jennifer asked. 'I think so."

Five minutes later we arrived and she jumped out of the car, the back of her dress soaking. Her mom got out at the same time: "Jennifer, what happened to you?" "I had an accident, mom. I tried to tell you but you couldn't hear. I wanted you to stop." "Oh, homey, I'm so sorry. I would have stopped if I had known. I guess that's a real problem with this vintage car. What don't you go change, sweetie. I'm really sorry I caused you to have an accident...but you know, anyone can have one. I've certainly had my share."

Jennifer went into the house, and I followed, wondering about her mom's 'share' of accidents. At this point I, too, was on the verge of wetting my pants, and headed for the downstairs toilet....and as I got closer held myself after a small squirt in my pants. I closed the door quickly and felt another squirt...this one staining my tan pants with a small wet spot. I was much more embarrassed, even with no one around, than Jennifer had been, but what could I do.

After I peed I came out, trying to cover my wet spot, about the size of a few fingers. Jennifer had come down in a pair of short, and her mom had brought in my small suitcase. Jennifer looked at me and immediately saw my wet spot. "I guess I wasn't the only one who couldn't hold it." She smiled broadly and we both laughed. I took my suitcase to go change as well. "David, I don't really care that you saw my accident. I"ve had others before; it happens you know. And I know you were, what to say, interested in it." A just smiled, unable at the time to tell her 'interested' didn't begin to get it. I nodded. As I stared to go up the stairs, she added, "If you want to know maybe sometime I'll tell you about some of them."

I wish I had taken her up on it, but I was too shy and ashamed at that age to ask, and she didn't bring it up. Too bad, but such is life. But I've remembered that ride in that old car forever....

More on the 8th grade accident (a short story) another time.

*001*2011-10-05 22:38

The 8th grade story...a quick one.

At the end of the school year our class took a class trip, about an hour and a half bus ride. The bus had a toilet and (yes) it was working just fine. I got up to go pee (in the toilet) and opened the door. One of the girls in our class, Susan, was in there. I had no idea. She had not locked the door. She apparently had just sat on the toilet seat and began to pee. Her white panties were around her legs, just below her knees, over her tan pants. As I opened the door she was as surprised as I was.

I backed up, truly embarrassed saying, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry....". Susan let out a rather loud scream, and stood up, pulling up her panties and pants in one move. The movement of the bus moved the open door back and forth so that unless Susan took a step or two out of the toilet she couldn't reach it. She yelled at me, "Close the door! Close the door!" I took a few steps to close the door, and only then did I realized that Susan, still standing and holder her unzipped tan pants around her, was peeing in them. Apparently she couldn't stop peeing once she began and was more concerned (or not thinking) about me (and by now others who were looking) seeing her sitting on the toilet peeing and naked than wetting her pants.

As I closed the door I looked at her wetting her pants...she was soaked to her knees and still peeing. I closed the door and after some minutes she came out, angry and red faced. Her tan pants totally showed off her wetness, to her knees, on the front and, as she walked past me to her seat, over a lot of her butt, too. At the time I wasn't excited but really embarrassed about my mistake, an honest one.

It was a hot day and no one had a sweater or jacker, so Susan spent hours in wet pants as there was no way she could hide them. After a while I found the whole thing exciting, although I felt badly for her and apologized. Although she had been angry at first she said she realized she didn't lock the door and knew that I didn't know anyone was inside. We had never really been friends and although I wanted to hang out with a girl in wet pants (at a very large amusement park), I didn't and mostly just enjoyed the many sights of her in wet pants (her pantie line showing nicely from the back as well) as I could.

