This Tuesday

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2012-03-09 02:20

I'm a college student. I live alone now, but my mom stayed over for the weekend. She was set to leave on Tuesday morning, and I had in mind a naughty game I wanted to play while she wasn't around.

And so I began preparing the night before! I drank a few bottles of water, made some tea and had some with dinner... Mom made asparagus while I made some fish. She knows I hate asparagus, but she wants me to get some veggies in my diet. I simply couldn't oblige to this, though. We all know that asparagus makes your pee reek. It's a powerful antioxidant, but I hate the taste of it and it's also very inconvenient for my fetish. Of course, mom doesn't know this.

Just for some reference, I believe there was a time when eating asparagus was banned from some certain S/M clubs in the old times because of the powerful odor. Golden showers were also quite popular back then, and asparagus just ruins everything unless you're that hardcore.

So I threw a fit and didn't have any of it.

###♥###

Next day, I woke up in the morning for my classes. I wore a frilly yellow blouse with a thin orange sweater right over it. It gets cold in the mornings, but the sun shines on us directly during noon. I also wore some black tights with an argyle pattern and a regular full-length black skirt. I was set for the day and out the door I went.

I brought two bottles of water from home, but I had coffee on campus and decided I would just drink my water slowly in class. This way, the pressure builds up slowly, instead of it building up all at once. You feel a lot of pain otherwise, and pain is quite a turn off for me.

My morning class was now over, and I was quite fidgety. We covered astronomy in class, but instead of paying attention to how stars formed, I spent half the time daydreaming about space and the other half worrying about my bladder. I had one more class later that day, and my first bottle of water was only halfway through. I began to wonder if I could make it back home... Should I stop by the toilets and let a tiny bit out? No, that would be cheating... But I didn't want to have an accident in public either. I would just have to hold it in.

And then, I realized that that was the true purpose. I didn't know if I was going to make it or not. Suddenly, it felt like all my plans have fallen through. This was going to result in a TRUE accident, I thought. Just excellent, but should I be scared? My heart began to beat, and I squeezed my legs closer together.

This is what I thought about as I headed for my school's library. I hang out there often, and I was just going to make some time before going to lab. As soon as I sat down, I felt a strong pressure in my bladder. I moaned a little, but I don't think anyone heard me. The pressure was building up so quickly...

I distracted myself for a while listening to music. Then I went to lab.

###♥###

This was the last lab for the quarter. We work on computers, following instructions that are posted on the school website. I'm very good with computers and I usually tend to be among the first to finish, but today's last lab was quite difficult. I couldn't keep my mind off my bladder and so I kept making bad calculations. I crossed my legs, I fidgeted in my seat. I sat at the end of my row, so I don't think many people noticed, but multiple times I had thought I finished, my professor kept sending me back, with pages from the lab I had to redo because it was all wrong. I could just cry! My bladder hurt so much! Standing up and sitting down was so painful!

True desperation at it's finest: Here you had a young girl of 19 that was at the brink of wetting herself completely. In the silence of the computer lab, all that would be heard were her moans, urine dripping on the carpet, and the hissing noise coming from her most sensitive area. I couldn't bear to think about it, and yet it turned me on so much.

At last, I finished and made myself out the door with a great deal of effort. I had to walk slower now because my bladder hurt so much.

###♥###

I don't consider myself a masochist by any means, but I consider myself to be quite good at taking pain. I can keep a straight face even when I'm going through something like this. My face doesn't show worry, even if I myself know my little game has gone too far. Composure, they say. I continued walking towards the bus stop. The weather was quite windy too; my skirt lifted up a little, but it's a slim pencil skirt, so it's not like it was going lift up completely. ^^; My nipples poked through my blouse. I don't know if it was due to me just being incredibly aroused or if it was the wind. I buttoned up my sweater and crossed my arms.

I had thought the bus came every hour. It was about 2:25 PM if I remember correctly, but I expected the bus to be here by 3:05. I seriously doubted I could wait that long, but I had no choice. The pain was immense, the wind was strong, and there were about two other people waiting for the bus.

And then, I don't know if it was by divine luck or some kind of pity heaven had on me, the bus arrived just ten minutes later. It was 2:35. Does this bus come around every half hour? I sighed relief, but my body took the gesture too far.

The second I stood up, I felt a small stream leak from my panties. I gasped and clenched my muscles together, and I tried to make it into the bus. Getting on the platform, even if it wasn't too high, demanded a great effort from my body. I swiped my card and took a seat. I listened to some more music to take my mind off my bladder for a bit. The damage wasn't too much, but I felt my legs got a little wet.

###♥###

My home is very close to the bus stop. With every step, my bladder threatened to empty itself. I made it to the door. I did a small pee dance as I fumbled for my keys with one hand, and held myself with the other. I got inside, kicked my shoes off, and I ran to the toilet. I was already spurting a little, and my legs were getting soaked. I couldn't hold it in anymore, I couldn't control my muscles.

And then, the impossible happened: I tripped over a wire on my dash to the toilet and I fell to the carpet headfirst in my bedroom. I moaned loudly and the floodgates opened completely as I dragged my body to the bathroom. I couldn't resist. I hissed loudly as I peed on some of the carpet and then on my bathroom's floor.

So much began pouring out of me so quickly. The warmth felt irresistible, and my legs, my bottom, and feet... Completely soaked. As I sat on my legs, I could see the ripples forming in the puddle between my legs. I could see my reflection in my own urine and I couldn't stop peeing.

A slight touch is all it took, and I came hard. My vision became blurred, causing me to fall backwards into my puddle. A feeling of euphoria filled my body, as it continued to twitch with each following orgasm. I closed my eyes as I rubbed myself, moaning. And then, I laid there, in my huge puddle, for about half an hour.

The puddle felt a little clammy and gross after a while, so I mopped the bathroom floor, showered, and then washed my clothes in the laundry room downstairs.

These are my panties after I washed them~ =^.^=

Earlier Stories:

%http://omorashi.org/...5983#entry25983

%http://omorashi.org/...702

%http://omorashi.org/...82-last-year-i/

Thank you for reading! Sorry it's so long...

*007*2012-03-10 00:18

Thank you so much for the overwhelming response, you guys!

I was so full that day. After what happened, I constantly kept getting the urge to pee because my muscles were so weak. ^^;

My bladder expanded to the point where I looked like I was a few months pregnant ^^; It's too early for that, though!

