The Poor Things (3) A wet weekend: Friday night

Author: weewillywinkie

*000*2014-04-28 12:19

THE POOR THINGS (3)

A WET WEEKEND - FRIDAY NIGHT.

It was a couple of weeks after that incident at the pub which had opened up a whole new world of pleasurable activitiy for Sarah and myself, that we finally completed our purchase of a mobile home near the sea.

We had been looking for a holiday cottage to buy somewhere along the south coast, but we had been rather dismayed at the prices. Even in those happy far away days when house price inflation was not a significant factor, we discovered that there was no way out budget would stretch to even the tiniest property within half an hour of the coast, so we had to change our plans.

I had never heard of mobile homes before we went to view this one on a small site within spitting distance of the sea. I had a picture in my mind of a glorified caravan and I was pleasantly surprised. It consisted of two ‘mobile’ units – mobile insofar only as they were fitted with wheels. The complete ‘mobile home’, consisting of a big living room and kitchen, a bathroom, two bedrooms and a small store room, was more like a bungalow than I had imagined, with its own carefully tended garden and even a shed! An elderly lady had lived there alone for some time, and though clean and tidy, it was clearly in need of some redecoration and care. Needless to say, we were sold on the idea, and made an offer for the property that day.

As an interior designer, Sarah, had the foresight to measure for curtains and floor coverings. Initially we had thought of carpet throughout, but with our new-found mutual interest in wetting, we had decided that we were going to have laminate flooring in the living room and bedrooms and vinyl floor covering in the bathroom and kitchen. Far easier to maintain than carpet if we were to enjoy regular wet weekends together there.

As soon as our offer for the property was accepted, we arranged for our four good friends: Barry and Renate, Matt and Brian, to spend a few days with us and help us with the decorating. However, the plan was that it wasn’t just going to be decorating that we did that weekend!

Sarah and I arrived on the Friday afternoon, having both been able to finish work early – one of the benefits of being self-employed. Some new furniture had already been delivered, and we unpacked the two new beds straight away. The old lady who had lived here before had left most of her furniture behind, and whilst some of it was still quite serviceable, some things were definitely destined for the tip. We had ordered a skip to be delivered on Saturday so we could dump some of the unwanted stuff in it over the weekend.

When we had phoned our friends to arrange the weekend, we made it clear that this was going to be a ‘fun’ weekend for ‘the Poor Things’. Holding on was going to be a big part of this, and to ensure there was no cheating, Sarah and I were going to keep the toilet door locked at all times!

Barry and Renate were first to arrive at about six on the Friday evening, and half an hour later Matt and Brian drove up in their VW camper van. Sarah had prepared a meal for us all and we were sitting down together at the kitchen table by seven. Before serving, Sarah explained the ground rules for the weekend, which were as follows:

No peeing in the toilet ... or outside in the bushes! Anyone needing to poo would have to ask for the toilet key, and the others would stand outside listening to make sure there was no peeing! Before starting this meal, everyone was allowed to go to the toilet to pee. From then onwards, holding on would be the name of the game until midnight, when everyone would be allowed to go to the toilet before going to bed. After the midnight pee, the bathroom would be locked up again, (Brian and Matt would have to give their solemn word not to use the loo in their camper van), until midnight the next day. Each person who lost control and peed themselves tonight must tell the others about one of their first peeing experiences. This would include anyone who wet the bed during the night.

The two new beds had waterproof mattress covers on them, and as we were throwing out the old chairs in the lounge, and all the carpets, it wouldn’t matter if (or rather when) these got wet.

There queue for the toilet as Sarah was serving out the meal, but by seven-fifteen we all had empty bladders, Sarah being the last to go, and locking the toilet door behind her. Barry asked who was going to look after the key at night to make sure that nobody sneaked into the toilet, and we decided Matt and Brian should take it as they would be sleeping in their camper van.

During the meal we drank wine and lager. Nobody seemed particularly bothered about drinking too much, and we’d all had a few glasses by the time the meal was over. Sarah and I had decided that we wouldn’t start any decorating until Saturday morning, and we all retired to the living room after washing up, with our glasses re-filled. The settees and easy chairs – there were actually eight seats in total – a three seater and a two-seater settee, two armchairs and an easy chair without arms - all covered with a sort of nylon fabric with a faded flowery pattern with matching cushions. The seats springs had all collapsed to some extent, so they were rather saggy but still surprisingly quite comfortable.

We chatted, and smoked cigarettes, and drank ... and held on ... for almost two hours before the first one of us started to show signs of discomfort. I had secretly hoped that Sarah would be the first to lose control, but it was Brian who seemed to be the most uncomfortable of the six of us, though he insisted it was the chair spring that was making him wriggle!

It was just after ten, when Brian had to admit defeat. He stood up with a resigned expression on his face, and we all cheered as the tiniest damp patch in the crotch of his jeans grew rapidly and flooded down his legs. Leaving a patch on the carpet, he sat down again looking relieved. “Come on Brian” we all shouted, “tell us about your first wetting experience!”

Brian settled down into the hollow of the collapsed seat and began:

“It was when I was at primary school. There was a girl in our class, who I’ll call Sally. Now in the afternoons, we all used to have to sit cross-legged in a circle on the floor while the teacher read us a story. At least once a week, sally used to pee her pants as she sat there during story time. Sometimes nothing showed until she got up and there was a pool on the floor, and other times she peed such a lot that everyone could see. But the teacher never used to say anything, and although all the other kids knew, they never said anything either – not in class anyway, but we did talk about Sally in the playground”

“Now one day in the playground, a couple of us had been talking about Sally peeing her pants again the day before. One of the girls said she wondered what it was like to pee yourself, and of course one of the boys said ‘why don’t you try it’”

“‘Try it yourself if you’re so brave, Michael’, the little minx replied, and Michael blushed bright red as all his mates laughed and encourage him. In the end he said he would, I think just to keep the others quiet. So that afternoon in story time with almost everyone watching him, Michael peed his pants on purpose on the floor in the classroom”.

“The teacher never said a thing, and Michael became a bit of a hero, and shortly afterwards it became a sort of badge of honour to pee your pants in story time. Over the next few weeks every child in the class did it – and sometimes there were three or four pools of pee at the end of story time.”

We all clapped, and Brian stood and made a little bow. “Anyone else ready to tell a story?” he asked, looking round the group. Renate stood up blushing to the roots of her hair. “You all know how it first happened to me” she started, “in the pub a couple of weeks ago. That was my first peeing experience.”

“Are you wet now, Renate?” Barry asked his girlfriend who had been sitting next to Sarah on the double settee.

“No, but I am about to”, she replied solemnly. I do not want to wet the seat next to where Sarah is sitting, so will do it like Brian’s friend did. Like Sally at the school.

Renate sat down in the middle of the carpet facing Barry with her legs slightly parted. She was wearing a loose skirt which she spread out all around her, and which covered her legs down to her knees. We all listened and watched intently, and a faint hiss was audible as the girl relaxed, and a happy smile spread across her face. She had clearly finished, but did not move from her place on the floor.

“Are you going to show us all what you’ve done” Barry called. He could be cruel to Renate at times, and I made a mental note to say something to put him in his place when it was his turn.

“Leave her alone” Sarah said, reflecting my feelings. “You sit there as long as you like Renate”.

There was a slightly uncomfortable silence. As co-host, I felt it fell to me to lighten the mood. Even though I was not yet truly desperate, I stood up anyway. “My story is from when I was about two or three years old” I began. “We lived in a flat then, on the second floor of a big house with a yard at the back where the women used to hang out their washing. My Mum used to leave me to play in the yard while she was doing her housework. Well, this one day I suddenly realised I needed to pee, and as usual I banged on the back door and called out for my Mum. Now normally if she didn’t hear me, one of the other women would come out and attend to me. 

But this time nobody heard me, and I started to pee a bit in my pants. Just then Mum opened the door and I burst into tears. Mum wasn’t cross at all – she led me over to the drain grille in the corner of the yard and told me that as I was wet already I could just finish peeing in my pants, then she’d take me inside to get changed.” As I had been talking, I had mimed the story – holding myself , knocking in the door, doing a little pee dance and starting to pee myself, then finally standing with my legs parted finally flooding myself completely. There was applause all round, and I returned to the armless easy chair where I had been sitting .

We all had some more drinks then. Matt and Jack were both looking a bit uncomfortable, but Sarah seemed quite unfazed. Matt was the next to get up. We could already see had already started to pee in his jeans. He stood in full view of us all and released his pent-up flow, soaking both legs and adding to the pool I had already made on the carpet. When he had finished peeing, he told his story:

“It was when we went to the swimming pool from school” he began. Some of the boys used to make a big fuss about peeing their trunks when they were in the pool, and I tried it too, but it wasn’t much fun really. So one day when I needed a pee, I went in the toilet before going into the pool. I sat on the toilet and peed in my trunks, then ran out and jumped into the water before anyone could notice. After that I peed in my trunks almost every time I went swimming”

There were only Barry and Sarah left to pee themselves. They looked at each other, Jack increasingly desperate and Sarah apparently calm and collected. The rest of us watched in joyful anticipation, and it was Barry who caved in first.

As he got up from his seat, there was a collective shout of ‘cheat’! Barry was wearing shorts, and it was evident that he had already peed himself so that nothing was visible from the front. When he got up the wet patch on the back of his shorts and on the chair seat were plain to see. Barry looked uncomfortable. “I don’t really have a story to tell...” he began. I knew differently though. Barry and I had been friends since we were kids, and I remembered something from back then.

“What about that time you wore your mother’s old knickers, Barry?” I asked innocently. It was Barry’s turn to blush now. “I didn’t pee in them”, he said, then realising that he was trapped, added: “well not while you were with me anyway!”

“Oh!” I said in half- surprise. This had confirmed something that I had long suspected.

“OK then” Barry said, sitting down in his wet seat again. “When we were boys, Willy was round at my house once and we were dressing up in some old clothes we’d found in the cupboard. I put on a pair of my mother’s old knickers and made a noise as if I was wetting them.”

“And afterwards, Barry...?” I insisted.

“Well, yes alright, after Willy had gone home I started to wonder what it would be like to do a pee in them. So I went into the bathroom and took my pants and underpants off, and put my mother’s old knickers on. And I sat down on the toilet and peed myself through them. That’s all there is to it.”

We all cheered madly, and Barry, knowing that he’d never live this down, stood up from his chair and flooded his shorts in front of us all, the yellow streams cascading down his legs and into his sandals. We cheered even louder!

“Sarah”, Brian asked questioningly. Surely you’re not still dry after all that merriment?”

Sarah stood up. “I certainly am” she responded.

Barry shouted “prove it”, and my lovely girlfriend undid the belt of her jeans, then slipped down her zip, and slid the jeans down her lovely legs. Her white cotton panties were clearly bone dry as she did a little twirl to prove it to us all.

Sarah smiled at everyone. “I think that makes me the winner today” she said, “but I might not still be dry in the morning”. This last comment gave me an immediate erection as I thought about the night ahead. “Anyway” she said decidedly, “it’s midnight now, so the game’s over for today. It’s time for us all to go to bed”.

Brian and Matt said their goodnights and took the toilet key away with them. Barry helped Renate up from the floor. She kissed Sarah, and they exchanged meaningful glances before Renate followed Barry to the small bedroom.

“Well my love, that was an interesting evening wasn’t it?” I asked Sarah.

“It’s about to get even better” she replied, leading me by the hand towards our room. “It’s about time we christened our new bed isn’t it?”

