Two Wettings the Night Before Christmas

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2015-12-26 02:59

Hi everyone! Its been awhile since I've posted anything in this section, but today being Christmas you all deserve a gift, and it just so happens that Christmas Eve brought alcohol. I tend to drink far too much whenever there's alcohol around, and I don't exactly handle myself well when drunk, and that brought two interesting situations last night given alcohol is a diuretic and all.

So yeah, last night was Christmas Eve, and like most families, we had a get together here at home and partied a little. Gifts were exchanged, stories told, and many a drink consumed. In my case, throughout the course of the night I burned through an entire bottle of whiskey and almost a whole case of hard lemonade. Needless to say, I got pretty tipsy and stupid to the point that eventually I could barely walk and spent a lot of time laying on the floor laughing at stuff. Occasionally I managed to make it to my computer and rant in the IRC about god knows what, I can't remember, and message pretty much everyone I know to tell them they're awesome. But that's not what you're here for! I'm sure you can imagine that alcohol being a diuretic coupled with the fact that trying to walk from room to room felt like a level straight out of StarFox did not make for fun adventures to the bathroom...But yet again, my biggest enemy was once again my own terrible judgement.

So, obligatory description phase. You know the basics, I'm tiny, anywhere between 5'5 and 5'9. I haven't been measured in years, but if I deliberately put it off I can give estimates like that, that make me sound taller than I actually am probably. Around 116 pounds, pale enough that I could probably blend in with the snow if we actually had any on the ground right now. Long black hair, and I'd like to think I look fairly decent when I put on my standard eyeliner and the like. This story will involve 2 outfits, but for most of the night I was wearing a black shirt that stops right above my belly button, a black and white striped buttonup overshirt (A favorite of mine) left unbuttoned, a pair of light gray jeans with a cute belt. I have a thing for cute and shiny belt buckles, in this case it was a heart. I also wore a santa hat, but that fell off at some point and went forgotten for the rest of the night.

Anywho yes, I socialized, drank, drank some more, eventually devolved into being a cavewoman slurring around on the ground. It happens to me a lot. Needless to say, I eventually developed a rather pressing need to pee, but as is usually the case when I am drunk, I ignored it entirely because almost everything else in the world seems like a far more pressing matter. I recall the first time I actually noticed it as an urgent thing was when I was sitting on the floor in the living room playing my PS4 while trying to sing opera for some reason. I twisted in a certain way, and a drop fell out into my purple panties. 

It took me completely by surprise. I actually had to meditate on it for a second and focus on my bodily functions and was like, WELL I am certainly very desperate to pee, how did I not notice this? I stared at the stairs. Well...Kind of. My vision was swimming all over the place, so it was more like looking in the general direction of the stairs and mulling over the concept of them. Then a zombie attacked me on the game I had neglected to even look at for the last 20 seconds without pausing, and like a true drunk I COMPLETELY forgot the need I had just realized I had for perhaps the next 25 minutes before it violently reminded me I was there again.

Midgame I shifted again and a dribble began. I didn't even notice it, but I began to feel warm and shifted again because it felt nice. The movement, naturally, caused me to suddenly violently spurt into my pants, the area between my legs gathering a sizable wet patch. Upon the feeling of momentary loss of control, I felt multiple things. Surprise, given I had forgotten about this, and a very sudden awareness that I could burst literally any second. The desperation I had somehow managed to ignore hit like a freight train. In that moment, it was like I had never needed to pee more. The moment I spurted I moaned VERY loudly, prompting my mother to poke in the room and give me a weird eye. I crossed my legs to hide the patch, waved at the tv and said something resembling "Zombeesh", to which she nodded in apparent understanding.

It was at this point I became determined. I got to my feet somehow, and made my way up the stairs in a weird walk/crawling way, the people socializing in the kitchen next to the living room barely noticing. I dribbled more when I was going up I think. I can't say for sure, but I do remember the warmness being more apparent the more I moved. I made it to the top...

And completely forgot why I was there and stumbled into my bedroom before sitting at the computer. I blinked a few times, typed some crap I don't remember into the IRC, and pondered my presence on the second floor of the house. I spurted badly again and suddenly remembered why...And just took it in. Being an omo enthusiast, the situation struck me and I became somewhat entranced and aroused. I felt the wet spot with my hand, which had grown into a very noticeable size. I vaguely remember humming lightly, an almost "mmm" sound and intentionally letting a few dribbles out to keep the warm lingering. 

I got a little TOO into it, because my back arched...Which pushed my belt and button into my abdomen. A very violent leak happened, spraying into my jeans with a hiss and I could feel my ass become very wet almost instantly. I shot forward and buried my hands between my legs with a noise probably sounding like a "Gah!" before remembering to appreciate the predicament I was in. I very obviously had to change now, very bad damage having been done. Go to bathroom. Change into pj's. Plans having been laid and focused on, I stood up...and fell right into my desk, bumping into my belly more. I propped myself up, slamming my hand on my desk and squealing as I felt my muscles start to fluctuate heavily, like my pelvic floor were teetering and about to drop any second. I kept my free hand buried between my legs as I tried to stand, tried to move, tried to hold, but it was too hard.

A spray shot out. And another. I gasped and squeaked more as my pee began to warm my hand in bursts, the bursts rapidly coming closer together. My pants became damper in a larger, and larger margin each time, I could feel streams beginning to flow down my inner thighs...That's what caused the pelvic floor to quite literally drop. The moment I got my balance it just started coming off of me, and trying to clench it shut was like trying to lift a weight way too heavy for me. I yelled out a very loud cry as I felt my pee race down the insides of my legs, trailing behind me to soak my lower ass, and otherwise pour off of me to pitterpatter onto the floor. It just kept hissing, a prolonged pssssh as I constantly cried out, "AHH A-AH AAH" as if the yelling would help my now drenched hand stem the flow (It didn't.)

I looked down and saw it spread across the front of my jeans, the sleeve of my overshirt also becoming warm and wet from its position between my legs. The insides and back of my legs finally became soaked to the bottom, getting eachother as well as the floor wet from my constant futile bouncing and rapidly shaking legs. A stream came off my ankle and made a small river. I bit down on my hand, realizing that all the yelling was probably a bad idea, and only let out muffled panicked mewls as I stood there unable to move, constantly gripping at my completely drenched hissing crotch and pressing my legs together, unable to keep myself from completely wetting my pants right down to the last drop.

I stood there for a minute or two. Maybe more. Just taking it all in. I had many an emotion running through me at the time: fear, panic, relief, arousal, quite a bit of dizziness from alcohol if you can call that an emotion. I think I actually slapped something nonsensical into the IRC immediately afterward, something like "I peed oops." I pulled myself together enough to change into my pj's, some nice pink pj pants and an equally pink tank top, with some lighter red panties to finish off the ensemble. I stashed my wet clothes away so I could wash them the moment I had so much as a few minutes alone to throw them in the wash without their initial condition being seen, and wiped up the lake on my floor with a dirty towel I had used to shower earlier, and threw it in with the clothes. I was able to plan this much while bombed out of my mind. But my strife didn't end there!

I got downstairs, and people were starting to leave. I gave goodbyes to the best of my ability, and sat down to game more (I am bad at social activities, but I was more than happy to chat games with anyone who came into the living room to investigate the zombie killing sounds of Dying Light.) Of course this only lasted as long as I could sit up. Drowsiness began to accompany the dizziness, and eventually playing the game even drunkenly was basically impossible. Mom came in and smacked me with a dish towel when I fell asleep on the floor with the controller in my hand, and I began the ridiculous process of wobbling my way back to my room. I fell right onto my mattress and that was that.

Now we come into a dream. I was in some sort of place. A semi outdoor military base maybe? Something odd like that. I really needed to pee, so I looked around. Granted, I was basically alone, it seemed deserted so I could have just peed right there, but logic isn't a thing in dreams. After much desperate hobbling I ran into my 7th grade math teacher, whom I told "Miss, I really have to pee, reaaaaally badly right now, do you know where the bathroom is? Please?" And she just nodded in a teacherly way and nudged her head in a direction. I bounded over there immediately, and came face to face with a row of shower stalls, each with curtains. Not another soul to be found. For some reason I thought this was the best place, so I went in one and yanked the curtain behind me.

At this point my desperation jumped to a ten, and I got that feeling like if you were sitting while desperate, and then stood up. You know, the gravity of everything in your abdomen dropping? But I was standing the whole time, which again I attribute to dream physics. Just know it made me leak. So I look down to undo the bluejeans I was wearing. It is then I discover I am wearing not one, not two, but three belts. They aren't my usual belts either with the cute buckles. Each buckle is a puzzle straight from "Keep talking and nobody explodes", if you know the game. Where my belt notches would normally be was an led timer literally built into the leather, counting down from a minute. 

Somehow I knew I had to get each belt undone before the timer was up. First I figured out a morse code one, the word was "pebble". The moment I unhooked it, I uncontrollably spurted into my jeans, creating a wet patch. The second belt had wires. With the wirecutter that magically appeared in my hand, I read through the manual that was on the shower wall for no reason and cut the proper wires, unhooking the buckle. I leak again, much worse this time, and let out a shriek as my inner thigh darkens down to almost the knee. The final buckle, is a word jumble. With 24 seconds left on the clock, I cannot figure out the solution for the life of me. I try to think but its almost impossible, my desperation is sooo bad, I just try to mull over words with those letters, all the while just saying to myself over and over, "I'm going to piss my pants, I'm going to piss my pants, I'm going to piss my pants..."

I never did figure out the words. Right as the clock hit 1 second, the letters rearranged themselves into the words TIMES UP!

The clock hit zero. My dream bladder, right on cue, feels like its contorting. Like its squeezing itself. I immediately hunch over, my hands and nails dig into my kneecaps. I cry out, yelling "Nooo don't make me pee my fucking pants please no!!" but there wasn't anything I could do about it. My bladder basically wrings itself out, and I have NO control. Its like I suddenly have the muscles of a 5 year old. I strain so hard and clench but it makes no difference, as my crotch and legs darken and shine, pee flowing out of me like a river. A loud hissing can be heard as it just runs down the back of my legs, no stopping it. My dream jeans barely contain it, and I can see several streams falling off me where the fabric is too saturated. I stare into my puddle and see my eyes. And then I wake up.

The first thing I notice is that it's 3 am according to my clock. The second thing I notice is that I'm still basically hammered, because I can hardly move and the entire room is spinning like I'm about to be in the movie "Cube". The third thing I notice is that I am absolutely bursting. As in, I'm not about to burst, I already am bursting. My nether regions and ass are very warm and very damp, and I can feel the bed underneath me becoming warm. I realize that I'm wetting my cute pink pajama pants and panties, and my first reflex is to shoot right out of bed. Of course this is a terrible idea, as again, the room is spinning. I roll right out of bed and land on the floor, on my back, and for the life of me I CANNOT get up.

This leads to my second accident of the night. I formulate the plan in my head. Stop the flow, stand up, go to the bathroom like a big girl. But none of those things ever happened. I'm on my back there on the floor, and I shove both hands down my bottoms and grip the outside of my now very wet panties. I let out a very sleepy and frustrated moan as I realize the impact did me in, my fingers and hands getting wetter and wetter as I leak and leak and leak. I keep groggily groaning things like "No, stop, please stop, nooo, stop peeing, I'm not peeing my pants nooo." 

In exactly the way you expect someone who's too drunk to know their environment would say it. I was basically on my back, and rolling from side to side like a stuck turtle, criss crossing my legs back and forth as my jammies got wetter and wetter. I try to sit up and that alone puts pressure on my bladder just enough to turn the leaks into a stream. I fall back on my back and begin whining and moaning as I clutch at my crotch from inside my pants, soaking my hands and arms, as I feel my pee seep through and pool on the floor under me, drenching my ass and making my pajama pants absolutely sopping, from pink to a red. It pools under my legs, and up under my back getting my tank top all wet too. I arch my back, moaning anxiously, hating how much I was loving the relief.

Due to the arch I'm able to get a glance underneath me, and I can now hear the hissing coming from my pants, and it begins to stream straight from under my ass through the fabric onto the floor beneath it, and that sight just kills me in more ways than one. I lose ALL control and I become a human firehose, the hissing becoming so loud its almost deafening, and the sight of niagra falls and the feeling of sopping warmth when I plop back down into my puddle wakes me up and I become absolutely frantic, realizing fully that I am laying on my floor absolutely soaking myself. 

I start whining and panicking, my hands shooting everywhere they can grow, my eyes going wide as I keep muttering something along the lines of "no no no stop stop stop" but I just...can't. I push my hands into my crotch from the outside of my pants this time and the heat from my pee is just hot, in multiple ways of the word. I couldn't stop no matter how hard I clutched, pushed, wiggled my legs and soaking wet ass, it just poured out of me as I moaned and groaned like a panicked child.

Eventually it stopped and I just laid there, in a huge puddle, just staring at the ceiling not believing I just pissed in my bed and on my floor in what were some of my favorite jammies. I actually ended up passing out there, due to the alcohol I'm assuming. I woke up later, finding I had kicked my pants halfway off in my sleep. I was soaked from almost head to toe. I threw the pants with the other clothes...I was freezing now, as the puddle had grown cold. I was feeling less drunken and a little queasy. 

I walked downstairs in my wet panties and tank top, knowing everyone was sound asleep and ate some lasagna while pondering whether alcohol was worth it anymore. Yes, a wetting at 3 am made me consider quitting drinking. I got back upstairs, took off the rest of my garments, grabbed my second shower in the last 24 hours, before cleaning up (again), throwing on a nightie and going back to sleep again. I had to pee again kinda by the time I got in the shower, because a whole case of hard lemonade and a quart of whiskey is a lot of liquid I assume, and I had yet to empty any of it anywhere that wasn't my clothes. So I peed in the shower to spite my dream. I peed in a shower successfully without a belt time bladder bomb. So ha.

I woke up, had Christmas morning, got some sweet loot, visited family, had dinner, and had a great day overall. And first thing tomorrow morning when everyone's sleeping in, I've got a hefty, very damp load of laundry that I need to take care of. As per usual, I got away without being caught, and thinking back on it causes me to realize that it was all very hot in retrospect. Its hard to revel in it when you're panicking and trying not to do it, but looking back on it later is always rather fun.

Anywho, I hope you all enjoy my latest mishap. I look forward to feedback! Feel free to leave a comment, shoot me a message, whatever <3

I hope everyone had a great day! Merry Christmas!

P.S No I'm not giving up alcohol I'm basically an alcoholic I ain't kidding myself.

*002*2015-12-26 04:06

I was really craving lasagna okay :P

I had eaten so much of it already, it was the meal of the night. Mom always prepares a ton of food on Xmas eve because we always have a bunch of guests.

*006*2015-12-27 02:32

{{:

Epic description of your struggle, very hot.

As for the lasagna bit, I can recognize that feeling of "the damage is done, who cares, time for food," although I've never actually wet myself while drunk I've certainly looked ridiculous and been too drunk to care. Reminds me of standing in line for a kebab on a late weekend night, haha.

}}

Yeah, my mind definitely was in an odd place. Sure, usually cleanup is immediate but no, at that time I wanted lasagna before anything else.

*010*2015-12-28 06:34

It was definitely a strange dream, yes. I felt like a character from "Speed"

Also, I want to tack on a note I had to add to my profile due to multiple incidents across my membership I've gotten a bit sick of.

Note: Please don't message me with unsolicited incredibly sexual comments or intents. If you read a post I make and it says to shoot me a message, its an invite to chat and goof around and stuff, not to message me immediately detailing how you like to get off and asking me about my masturbation habits, or something like that. Have a little tact, and if you really feel the need to ask such things get to know me first and for gods sake, ask if I'm okay with it. I get so many messages that creep me the hell out its not even funny!

This may be a fetish forum, but its a rather tame one I feel, and I feel comfortable here. It took me 5 years of being a member to post my first experience due to fears of things exactly like this. I try to make my experiences sound appealing and to a degree, hot as you would say, as its a joy to give back to the community by providing content they like, and I've been told the content I output is very good. But it is by no means an invite to overwhelm me with overly sexual questions or omo inquiries, especially not without asking me first. It turns me away real goddamn fast. From here-on out I will not hesitate at all to report such unsolicited incidents, this is the one and only warning.

Thanks for understanding, in advance!

*017*2015-12-29 20:16

I dont drink that often, usually on holidays and the occassional get together. I'm not literally an alcoholic, you guys can relax Lolol.

*020*2015-12-31 05:48

{{:

Thanks for sharing! I'm catching up with the forums a little, as it's been so busy recently, but a long, detailed and well written account like this always grabs my attention - in this case, the description of your thought processes and the various sounds in particular!

It's a shame that it's all been tainted by the private messages that you speak of though. It really is a shame that some folk in this cracking little community have no idea how to conduct themselves. Are they the same in 'real life'? I don't know, but - on the other side of the fence - that's why I sometimes struggle to interact with others on here, for fear (hopefully totally unfounded!) of coming across like that. Such a shame.

}}

I try to be as detailed and include as much content as possible ^-^ I don't consider it worth writing about otherwise. The difference between putting "I peed" into a sentence, or an essay, is a half decent writing mind, and actually caring about what the people reading it think. I write it like I'd like to think others want to read it, as I'm not writing about it for myself, I'm writing to give back to the community that I love. I cannot draw or anything like that, so writing my life events in the most detailed way possible is my version of such. It shows I care about the things I write ouo.

And yes. It happens a lot. I have a total of 58 conversations in my inbox, and I think only 3 were initiated by me. About half of them were conversations I actually enjoyed, the other half...not so much if you get my drift. But I guess its to be expected, there's apples like that in every tree.

*022*2016-01-03 04:10

{{:

Hey, your content is amazing. I can't help but notice that your writing style is really good. If this isn't too personal do you go go to school for a degree in literature or something? If that's too personal I apologize but regardless your a brilliant writer and I look forward to reading your next story

}}

Why yes I do actually! I mainly study English, Writing, and Religion (Mostly Eastern)

