Wife wets herself while camping, twice

Author: Barry

*000*2015-09-13 22:44

There are two occasions that I can recall that my wife has had large wettings around me while outside, both times whilst camping with friends.

The first time was about 18 years ago. We had gone camping to a remote beach with 2 other couples, and our two kids who were only about 2. There were 2 other young kids there as well belonging to one couple. We had a 2 room tent, the couple with the kids had a large tent with a big front annexe, and the childless couple a small dome tent.

We were camped back off the beach in a hollow surrounded by small dunes. It wasn't an actual camp site, so there were no facilities, including no toilet. We followed a path over a dune to a fairly secluded spot where we dug a hole to use.

We had a great time all day, but the weather clouded over as night approached. Luckily we managed to get dinner cooked and eaten, and the kids to bed before it rained, and boy, did it rain. We copped a fairly short but intense downpour. We were able to cover the fire pit and keep it going, and set up our chairs in a row under the annexe of the large tent so we could stay dry while we drank lots of beer and watch the storm. It wasn't a cold night, and was actually a lot of fun. We cranked the car stereo up, and just relaxed.

As the storm raged on, I noticed my wife fidgeting about in her seat. I didn't say anything, but watched as she subtly put a hand between her legs and squeezed her black leggings.

Now my wife is on the larger side of average. She is still quite pretty, but could easily be described as chubby. She is of average height and appearance, with brown hair and eyes. As I mentioned, she was wearing black knee length leggings, a t shirt I don't remember, and was barefoot.

She shifted in her seat, bent forward a bit, and softly moaned a bit, sighing as she left her hand in her crotch. As she was seated at the far end of the line, I was the only one beside her who could easily see her. I couldn't help but ask her if she was okay, and if she needed a pee. She whispered to me that she was bursting, and had needed to go for a couple of hours. She was waiting for it to get dark, but then the rain started and we headed for the annexe.

"I'm going to have to go out in the rain shortly. I'm absolutely busting" she told me. I pointed out she would be getting wet if she did, to which she replied "I'm going to get wet if I sit here much longer anyway!"

While I was getting so turned on by this, I was also aware of two things. The rain was stopping and the stars were coming out, and one couple had started arguing. Loudly.

As the rain stopped, the childless couple decided on a romantic walk along the beach, while the arguing couple intensified their battle, resulting in the guy grabbing a bottle of whiskey and storming off into the clearing night. His girlfriend was upset, but decided to go after him. This left just us at the camp site, with 4 young children asleep in the tents. We obviously couldn't leave the camp until somebody came back.

As quiet returned, my wife was now standing, and making no effort to hide her situation. She had her ankles crossed, was bending over, and breathing deeper as she hobbled around. I told her to just go behind a tent and squat, but she said she might need to poo as well, so she couldn't squat there, but she didn't want to go into the dunes in the dark by herself. But she didn't have a lot of options. We were the only people around that we were aware of, but somebody had to stay with the kids.

Eventually she gave a start and quickly hunched over even more.

"Shit. Quick. Give me the torch. I'm starting to wet myself! " she said. I gave her a torch, and she disappeared into the dark.

I was so turned on. She was literally wetting her pants, but I couldn't watch. Major disappointment. But suddenly the girl who had gone looking for her partner returned, and asked where my wife was. I told her she had gone to relieve herself, but I was worried she wouldn't find our toilet pit, so got her to stay at camp while I ran off to find my wife in the dunes.

I could just see the beam from her flashlight bobbing about over the rise in front of me. I switched my light off, let my eyes adjust, then snuck off after her.

She had indeed missed the path, and was turning around to head back, one hand on the torch, the other actually down the front of her leggings, pushing on her pee hole.

I couldn't help myself. I approached her in the dark, then suddenly switched my torch on and sad something loud at the same time. She screamed. Bent over nearly in half and whimpered. Then, realising it was only me, she squatted down and pulled her leggings down. As she did, I saw pee streaming from her black cotton panties. She cursed me as she pulled her panties down while still peeing in them.

"Turn the @&);ing light off" she hissed, and I complied. As she squatted there in the dark, I could here her pee stream hitting the ground. Then suddenly, she let rip with a monster fart, then audibly sighed with relief, exclaiming "Thank God. I thought I might have needed a poo to, but it was only wind!"

As she finished, she turned her flashlight on again, and pointed the beam down. Even being black, and in the dark, I could see her knickers were soaked. She pulled them up, then shone the torch at her leggings. These were obviously wet through as well, and I think she must've peen on them as well as in them. She sighed, then pulled them up as well. I asked her what happened, and she said she lost control a bit at the camp, suddenly squirting as she stood there. Then, she stumbled in the dark, losing control again, that time enough to run down her leg. That's when she started to turn around when I had startled her. That was enough for her to completely lose control and fully start wetting her pants.

She knew I liked it when she wet, but it didn't interest her. But she did let me check out her wet leggings. I ran my hand all over her dripping pussy and butt, and traced the wet streaks all the was to her knees. She didn't like it much, but she could see how turned on I was so she let me play for a minute. In the dark it wasn't noticeable, and we headed back.

When we returned, our female friend decided to look for her partner again, leaving us alone again at the camp. I asked my wife if she was going to change out of her wet pants, and she surprised me by saying no, she only had one clean pair to wear, and she wasn't going to put them on until she could have a wash tomorrow. She instead stood by the fire until she dried, which wasn't long.

She also let me check her for dryness from time to time, which was awesome.

We had sex that night, but I didn't last long at all. I was so aroused by what had happened, I came pretty well straight away.

There is another story to tell, but I'm out of time. I'll add it later if anybody wants to read it.

*002*2015-09-14 22:46

Thanks for the positive response boilerman.

The other time she wet herself was another trip a year or so later. This one I didn't witness happen, just the aftermath.

We had gone to the same coastline, but another location miles away, and with different people. My memory isn't as good on details for this one, and apart from her accident, it's all a bit vague.

I had an old van this time, so we were sleeping in that instead of a tent. I'm unsure exactly how many people went, but there was at least 3 cars full, but no kids this time. That's probably why my memory is hazy. Without the kids, the alcohol and pot flowed freely all day and night. Instead of staying straight and sober until the kids were safely asleep, it was a beer for breakfast, followed by a bong hit or 3. My wife isn't a big drinker, so she would drive in an emergency, so I was off the leash a bit.

We camped in a similar type of location, but further back off the beach, in a grassy area behind the dune area. While we had the van, everyone else had tents, and due to the size and shape of the area, and the necessity for the tents to have the firmer flatter ground, we were parked a slight distance away from the others, which suited me fine. Quitter and more privacy.

It must've been late spring. It was warmish during the day, although not really ocean swimming weather, and still quite cool at night. We had set up a small camp toilet behind some scrub over a small dune behind the camp, and built a big fire pit in the campsite. We weren't really there to do more than get wasted and chill out for a couple of days, and perhaps fish a bit as well. After our first night, we awoke first in the comfort of our van, having got a good sleep on a proper mattress. We got up, and quietly made our way to the toilet. While she used that for her morning pee, I just went behind a bush. We were both wearing warm sweat pants, mine grey and hers red, and we're both guilty of the crime of wearing socks and thongs (flip flops) .

We returned to camp, rekindled the fire for breakfast, and soon the others were up. After breakfast the beer and joints started flowing, and by late morning I was feeling no pain whatsoever. It had warmed up a bit, and I had changed into shorts, and was now barefoot. My wife kept her sweats and socks on as she still felt coolish. The beer had the effect of making me pee frequently of course, but it's not a problem for a guy. I just went out of camp and peed when and where I liked. The girls couldn't do this of course, and had to make the trek to the porta loo. My wife would've drank at least 3 coffees that morning, then started on the large bottles of Coke that were there. While she wasn't drinking, she did have a toke or two, and was as stoned as the rest of us.

(*Big sigh. I really miss those days!)

So after lunch, and myself and another guy are setting up our fishing rods for a trip to the water. My wife had gone for a walk with the girls, still wearing the red sweat pants she had slept in, but wearing shoes over her dirty white socks. We had finished setting the rods up, and with nothing to do but wait for the tide to turn, we just chilled at camp for a while.

Soon the girls came back, and I noticed my wife go to the van, grab a toilet roll, then disappear off by herself in the direction of the toilet. She gave absolutely no signs of desperation at all, and just appeared as normal as usual, with no bursting need. She was gone for a while, then returned to camp, but via a different direction. Instead of coming back through the camp, she had circled around and approached from the front. She went straight to the van, climbed in and closed the door, only to emerge shortly having changed into a pair of shorts and now was barefoot.

I was intrigued, and my pee radar was up, but I didn't say anything. Everyone else was planning on a walk to the beach to scope it out for our fishing expedition later, and she wanted to go as well. I was half drunk and pretty wasted, so I begged off, claiming a nap was in order. Everyone got ready, packed more beer, and headed off on the 10 minute walk to the ocean, leaving me alone at camp.

When they had been gone for 5 minutes, I got into the van and started searching. In her bag of clothes I found a plastic bag. Inside that bag were her red sweat pants all scrunched up. I pulled them out, and folded up inside were a pair of lime green panties and dirty white socks. The panties were soaked. Really wet from front to back. I held her sweat pants up, and they were very wet between the legs, and had a big half moon wet patch on the butt, and a wet streak all down one leg to the bottom, and one sock was wet.

I will admit that in the privacy of my van, I undressed and put on her wet panties and sweats, and rubbed the smelly wet fabric over my crotch until I lost control and came in an old towel, all the time squeezing the soaked fabric.

I put her clothes away after, and never said anything.

But she also never mentioned it, and to this day I don't know how or why she had an accident, nor does she know that I know it happened.

*004*2015-09-15 22:21

It took me ages to admit to my wife that I liked it when she wet herself. She had a couple of minor accidents, just leaks and squirts really prior to giving birth the first time, but as is common, when she became pregnant, and after childbirth, these became a lot more frequent and occasionally larger accidents would occur. I hesitated to tell her of my fetish, as I didn't want her to think I had pedo tendencies with a baby coming.

Sadly, we lost our first born. But with no baby in the house, I eventually got up the nerve to tell her about my strange fetish. These were the days before readily available Internet, so even I wasn't aware that there were a lot of others who shared the same interests. Even I thought I was a bit of a freak.

When I told her about my fetish, I downplayed it. I told her that I loved it when she had real accidents, but stressed I wouldn't ask her to wet herself on purpose. I also didn't tell her that I liked wetting my own pants, and I certainly didn't mention that I liked the idea of her/me/us trying diapers. I did bring the subject of diapers up at a later date, but she flatly refused to consider them.

I really wish I had of been more open and honest about the full spectrum of my fetish. Now she would tell me when she had a real accident, but I couldn't get her to participate in any pee play. There were numerous times when we would be in the yard together while she was dressed, or maybe at a lake or beach when she only had her swimsuit on, and I would ask her to wet herself for me, but she never would on purpose, always reminding me that I liked real accidents only. After we had our next kids, I didn't want to pressure her too much because as I said, I didn't want her to think that I had wrong feelings for kids.

But for years, she would admit her wettings to me, but usually only when asked, or as a prelude to sex. As we started fooling around in bed, I would always ask if she had wet herself lately, or if I was taking too long to finish, she would blurt out how she had wet her pants and tell me about it. I do recall her coming home horny one day, and standing in front of me and raising her skirt, showing me she had no panties on underneath. I asked why, and she told me about how she had wet her pants at work. She knew I couldn't resist it!

But the novelty wore off after awhile. It annoyed me that I would occasionally find wet panties or pants in the clothes basket, sometimes REALLY wet, but if I asked her about any recent accidents when fooling around, she would deny it. Once I found a pair of very wet jeans with soaked panties in them hidden under other clothes in the washing basket while I was doing the laundry. When she denied any recent accidents, I told her I'd found her jeans, and she got really mad. She said she had spilled a glass of water on them...... And that was the end of sex that day, lol.

So she knows I like her wetting herself, but won't do it on purpose, nor does she tell me about it anymore. She (probably) doesn't know I like it myself, but she has an inkling about the diapers. We have 4 kids now, 2 of which are adults, and they all live at home still. I do intend to mention the desire to wear diapers one day, but after the kids are all moved out. I still find evidence of her occasional accidents from time to time, but we have a basically sexless marriage now, and have only done the deed once in the last couple of years, so I hear none of it.

I think that's why I love talking about it on here so much. I miss her recounting her mishaps to me.

*007*2015-09-19 00:25

{{ 

Yeah, it is amazing how people change. That is one thing that makes me like being single. No one stays the same, and what you love about some one when you meet, don't last. Why she all of the sudden won't tell you about her wetting when she knows you love to hear about it just don't make sense to me. I tend to take things to personal I guess. I hope you can get back to a place with her where you can discuss your love of wetting and diapers. But until then, we love to do it and hear it! :) Yes, Up until sometime in the 1990's I thought I was a freak for loving diapers and pants wetting. Then I was introduced to the "internet" and Wow....happy man here then! :)

}}

She has a few health issues, Diabetes being one, and her sex drive is absolutely zero. As I said, we had sex maybe a month or so ago, but that was the first time in maybe 2 years. It occurred when we were just waking up in a spooning position, and my morning hardness was pressed firmly against her butt. It just seemed to happen!

But she really has no interest in sex whatsoever. That's what wets me off about her when she does wet her pants. She knows I love it, and she knows I won't push her for sex, so I don't understand why she won't at least give me the chance to self pleasure by telling me about it.

If we're watching a movie or something that involves a wetting, she will look at me to see my reaction, and I'll always tell her that I'd like to see her do it, so she knows the fetish remains, but it's like she just wants to prove something to me by not indulging in it.

There is a movie called Frozen, (not the famous animated Disney one) about people stuck on a chairlift in the snow. Eventually a pretty girl can't hold on any more, and let's go in her pants while her friends are asleep beside her. You get a magical close up of the pee soaking her jeans as she sits there sobbing quietly. We watched that, and I once again said how much I'd love to see my wife do that. I told her if she did, I'd just watch and wouldn't pressure her for sex at all.

"It's not going to happen" was her reply.

We still love each other, and maybe I'm just thinking too much about myself, but I find this attitude selfish. I'd like to think that if she asked me to do something "weird" for her pleasure, then I just would to make her happy.

But maybe it's me that's selfish for asking her to do something that she doesn't want to. Perhaps because myself, and like minded people who are members of this board who are reading this find wetting our pants to be a fun and harmless thing, don't understand how strange a request it might seem. Even from their partner of 24 or more years.

My apologies, now I'm rambling.

