Ally's Desperation: A Compilation of Experiences

Author: Empro

*000*2013-12-28 17:48

Hey Y'all :) You can just call me Empro :) I am brand new to this sight and for my fist post I thought (if you guys like this first story) I would start a topic with stories about my friend, who I will just call Ally. Ally is the kind of person who is always desperate! She will never admit she has to wee, she will never voluntarily go to the toilet and she refused to go to the toilet alone. The only time she will admit she needs the toilet or will actually use the toilet is when she is at her house or when she is out clubbing (I imagine the alcohol causes this) So as you can imagine I have many stories about Ally!

So this first story is called Clubber Night Out. This story happened not to long ago when we were out clubbing with a few friends lets call them Chelsea, Lorna and Lindy. We started the night at a friends house just having a couple of drinks. Ally was becoming quite tipsy after a while and I started to notice her become a little bit desperate. I have known Ally a long time so I know her desperate signs. She was sitting at the dining table drinking with her legs tightly crossed and every 10-15 minuets she would bounce slightly in her chair for about 10 seconds then stop. This always happens when she is just beyond the uncomfortable stage of desperation.

Finally it was time to go, so we all hopped into Chelsea's car because she was being the designated driver for the night. Before we started driving we all gave our licences and credit cards to Chelsea to mind for the night. We often have a habit of losing things when we are drunk or spending too much money so we always give our cards to whoever wont be drinking. Anyway we started to drive off and by now I could tell the alcohol was affecting Ally and it had caused her desperation to increase quite rapidly. She was now crossing and re - crossing her legs, bouncing up and down and tapping her legs. I started to get quite excited because I knew that her next stage/s of desperation were going to be extremely hot!

After about ten minuets of Ally's desperation Lorna asked her if she had to pee and as usual Ally denied that she did and simply said she was cold. As usual we all just rolled our eyes and didn't bother arguing with her. Another 5 minuets passed and Ally was becoming seriously desperate! She had finally reached by favourite stages of desperation! She was now sitting with her feet under her, her heel digging into her crotch and bouncing up and down. She had gone very quiet and was staring out the window.

She remained like this for the rest of the car ride. When we finally arrived as she was hopping out of the car she did it very slowly and as she stepped onto the car park road she crossed her legs, bobbed up and down a couple of times and took a deep breathe before closing the door and standing cross legged by a tree waiting for us to get ready.

We all closed the doors to the car a started walking towards the club when we heard Chelsea yell "oh no I've locked my keys and wallet in the car!''. The look on Ally's face was priceless She went instantly pale and had a very worried expression. We all walked back to the car to check it was locked, it was!

Because none of us had our phones we had to ask a group of girls to borrow their phone. While Chelsea was making the call Ally couldn't stand still, shifting from foot to foot, crossing and uncrossing her legs and bouncing up and down. When Chelsea got off the phone she informed us that her dad will be here in about 30 minuets to unlock the car for us. Ally seemed devastated that it would take that long, she was desperate for the loo and needed one ASAP or she was going to have an accident in her panties.

After hearing the bad new Ally walked over to the edge of the car park where there was a waist high metal fence. she then sat on the fence so it was resting right in between her lady parts. I followed her and sat next her. We were talking for about 20 - 25 minuets when all of a sudden Ally leapt off the pole, quickly shoved her hand into her lady parts and did a desperate walk, shuffle hopping thing in a circle. She then stopped crossed her legs tight bobbed up and down a few times before hopping back onto the fence. I hopped of the fence and whispered into her ear 'hey you have to pee right?'

Surprisingly she agreed but made me promise I wouldn't tell the other girls. I promised I wouldn't and assured her it would be fine. I let her know we only had to wait another 10 mins and we could then get our licences and go to the bathroom in the club. That was when she told me she wasn't sure if she was going to make it as she had already 'let some urine leak into her panties'.

Once again I nearly lost it! This was the only time I have ever heard her admit she leaked (and I know she has leaked many many times). I finally realised why she admitted to leaking, she was wearing light coloured jeans that would easily show any wee stains. Ally usually always wears black pants.

I assured her you couldn't tell and she just needs to hang on. After about 10 mins Chelsea's dad still had arrived and Ally's situation was worse! She had started to tear up and rock back and forth on the pole. Once again all of a sudden she shot bolt upright and vigorously rocked back and forth on the pole smooshing her lady parts into the pole. she then confessed she had 'let another bit of urine out'. At that point Chelsea's dad pulled up. I stayed with Ally encouraging her to hold on just a few more minuets. I left her to get out licences and then told the other girls to go ahead while I helped Ally get to the bathroom. After the girls and entered the club Ally and I started to make our way to the clubs bathroom.

Ally was in a terrible state, she couldn't even walk, she had her hand buried in her crotch and she was doing more of a shuffle than a walk. She had her legs partially crossed the time she shuffled to the club.

Luckily for Ally there was no line for the bathroom but she couldn't get her jeans down! I went into the cubicle with her and as she held her crotch I 'tried to unzip her jeans'. I told Ally that the zip seemed to be stuck and I couldn't undo it from the angle I was standing at. She looked devastated and said if she moves her hand she was going to 'lose her bladder'. That was when I suggested I hold her crotch while she does her zip. I honestly thought it was a long shot because as I said Ally is always so embarrassed about anything to do with toilet. But much to my surprise she agreed.

So I stood behind her and place a hand in her crotch. I could feel the dampness where she had dribbled! finally she got her zip undone, tore her pants down and started peeing a torrent into the toilet. She even peed a bit on the floor as she leaked some pee trying to get from where she was standing to the bowl. After that she promised to pretend it never happened and to never tell our other friends or talk to her about it.

I am still convinced that the only reason she was so open about this episode of desperation is because she was tipsy and also wearing light pants so it was important for her not to have a noticeable accident.

So hopefully everyone likes! There is more where that came from if you are interested! :)

*010*2014-01-06 14:00

Hello again :) Thanks for all your welcomes and positive reviews :) I think I am very lucky to have a friend like Ally so why not share it with you guys!

So just another quicker story for you :)

I can't quite remember when this one happened but we were at the mall shopping and then going to the movies afterwards. We had been shopping for about 40 minuets when Ally started to show a few desperate signs. When Ally is walking and desperate she makes excuses to stop walking and "look" at something or "send a text message" so she can cross her legs without being questioned. So this particular day she was stopping every 10 minuets or so to "look in the shop window" and cross her legs. She did this for about 40 minuets until we had been through the entire mall. By now it was tine for us to collect our movie tickets and buy food etc.

When we got to the theatre there was a pretty large line to get the tickets so as we waited in line ally had her legs crossed the entire time. Finally we were at the front and able to buy our tickets and food/drinks. Ally usually buys a medium popcorn and medium raspberry slushy (or whatever flavour the pink one is) and the spends half the movie fidgeting because she is desperate from the slushy. However today she only bought the popcorn so she must have been getting fairly desperate by this point.

We took our seats in theatre and I noticed Ally had her legs crossed and her foot tapping slightly. Her situation slowly got worse as the movie progressed. She went from slight tapping to fast tapping, then crossing and uncrossing her legs, then she went to putting her heel under herself so it was applying pressure to her lady parts. She stayed like this until the end of the movie. The moment the movie finished she stood up straight away to leave. I however wanted to wait until after the credits incase there was one of those funny bits mid credits. Ally reluctantly sat down and tapped both her legs with a grim look on her face.

After a couple of minuets Ally all of a sudden gasped crossed her legs and sat bolt upright. When I asked her what was wrong she lied (she is a terrible liar haha) and claimed she felt something crawl on her leg but it was just some string from her pants. After another couple of minuets we decided there would be no funny mid credit extra and decided to leave. I noticed Ally didn't stand up until I was already walking through the aisle. I had a naughty though that maybe just maybe she had leaked on her seat and didn't want me to see!

Once we got out of the theatre I said I forgot my wallet and I will be back. I ran off before Ally could argue with me. I went and checked her seat, and yep, I was RIGHT! There on the seat was a wet spot!!

Once I got back to Ally she looked in a bad way. Her legs crossed tight and she had a very grim and pained look on her face. The walk to the car was a rather slow one with Ally wanting to look in the store windows again! Ally then sped the entire way to my house before dropping me off and speeding off down the road to her house. I only wish I could have stayed with her longer :(

Hope you all like :)

*014*2014-01-08 05:47

{{: 

Hi Empro :) Very nice stories you wrote for us. Please more!!!!

By the way, you seem very aroused by your friend's adventures.........

Have you ever tried to wet yourself?

}}

Yes I do love it when she gets desperate!! And no I am not really into wetting, I hate the feeling of needing to pee :P

{{: 

Thank you for another enjoyable Ally desperation story. Did you happen to notice how wet her pants were?

}}

{{: 

Thank you for another enjoyable Ally desperation story. Did you happen to notice how wet her pants were?

}}

I didn't notice her pants because she was wearing very dark pants with a long top that covered her bum and front. But I have noticed a few times ;) I'll share in my next story.

