Exhilarated

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-07 00:41

Hi, so, I just experimented for the first time in years. These past few days I've been reading, watching, imagining oro as much as I can... Then I told my bf about my fetish, he kinda knew already but since becoming open, though there was nothing omo involved, being intimate came very easily, honestly and communication is necessary I guess!

Anyways, at my bfs house in the shower I had been secretly holding and stood naked by the shower desperate waiting until I was super uncomfortable, I was shifting on foot to foot so I stood in the tub, I find it so hot when desperate people grab their crotches so I did that and my pee was at the edge but I was too tense. I teased myself by fully relaxing and clenching suddenly until it started to dribble out, then I crossed my legs and clenched shut again, I kept spurting and I loved the feeling of the pee running over my hands. I finished and the tub was a massive puddle, I was shaking and it's the most involuntary 'accident' I've had for a while.

Today I drank a lot of fluids and was holding most of the day simply so I could enjoy squirming and holding my crotch, after dinner I was reading some omo fics and I was desperate to wet. I didn't want to though as it's so late at night, so I compromised letting the tiniest bit go barely going into my pants, I did that two or three times and the urge to relax was strong.

Eventually I saw it was 1am and I should go to bed! I went to the toilet but not all the way... I've been reading bed wetting experiences from people on here and I wanted to finish by wetting even if it was the tiniest amount! I got into bed and laid on my side but couldn't go, so I laid on my back and bent my knees, tilting my hips outwards and sucked my stomach in. I felt my pee spurt out of my crotch and down and under my right thigh, my heart was beating like crazy so I got up and shone my torch on the wet patch of my bed, I like how I feel like I just broke a million social conventions but I'm scared of getting caught, even if it's the tiniest patch! Oh well, my pants are certainly very wet!

Thanks for reading

