My One Wetting Experience

Author: SomeOddGaijin

*000*2014-10-11 21:15

I'm not the sort to do this at all usually but since I said I would, here we go. I didn't have any big experiences in childhood as I had pretty good bladder control (did wet the bed a few times but don't remember much about them, sorry. I do know I once did the dreaded "dream your going to bathroom then wake up wetting" thing). I did however have one 'sort-of-on-purpose' accident at around 13 ; I remember it quite well as we were moving house the same day and it's the one time in my life I've wet in desperation.

I decided to get myself out of everyone's way for a bit by going for a bike ride. I was wearing blue jeans with a plain white T-shirt and trainers, and underneath light grey cotton briefs (the sort that are without a fly and snug-fitting; have worn that sort all my life find boxers and even boxer-briefs uncomfortable). I had reached the bottom of the big hill our house was on and checked out a road I'd never gone down before. It was as I started down that road I began to feel the need to go; I'd been drinking cola all day as it was quite a hot summer. I thought nothing of it and carried on to the bottom and stopped to look at the work being done.

About two minutes in I remember suddenly feeling like I really needed to go. Didn't really want to go in a bush and home was only just up the hill so got back on the bike and headed back, feeling more and more desperate all the way up. By the time I made it home I was more desperate than I have ever felt and literally ran upstairs to the bathroom (thankfully empty) and locked the door. I rushed to unbutton my jeans as alarm bells were sounding in my head and screaming 'your gonna loose it! In the next second it's gonna come out'. The toilet was to my left, but it was in a nook sideways-on to me and sitting down on it would take a few seconds that my mind was yelling I didn't have; I could feel my bladder just about to give way and start me off.

To this day I don't know why but at that point my mind just went ‘the hell with it’. I had just got my jeans undone and let them drop to around my so I was standing there in T-shirt and briefs, and I must've subconsciously decided there was no chance of making it to the loo as I just stopped and muttered to myself “Oh that’s it, I’m going to stand here and I’m going to wet myself”. I dunno I just wasn't thinking or something, and was just looking down at the front of my briefs knowing the next second I would burst and start soaking them when a remnant of sanity crept back; 'what the hell are you doing? you can’t go on the floor!' (it was carpeted, and the bathroom wouldn't be ours pretty soon!). I was truly panicking wanting to do something.

That moment I found a (in hindsight, perhaps mildly icky) answer; the bathroom sink was right in front of me, and I had just enough time to lean forward and get the front of my briefs resting inside the bowl. I remember just as i felt the porcelain against myself through the cotton, The dam burst. I was so relieved I just stood there looking down at my briefs as the front of them suddenly drenched a dark grey, pee trickling out a moment after and into the plughole (I always remember thinking it odd it was colourless; yes, it was a lot of coke I had drunk!). I think I was there for about ten or so seconds, wetting my underwear full force, before the stream finally trickled to a stop.

What I'd just done sort of dawned on me at that point and I rinsed and wiped the sink thoroughly; there was no mess anywhere thankfully and it had all gone in the sink. I also dabbed my undies dry, which now had a hugely noticeable wet patch over the crotch! I slipped my jeans back on and managed to sneak into my bedroom (fortunately just opposite the bathroom in the hall; everyone was downstairs at that point) and swapped briefs, putting on a red pair and hiding the grey pair as deep in my washing hamper as i could. I think i got away with it though was a bit paranoid for a time (I’m known to speak loudly without thinking and I think my mum was in my room when I said to myself i was going to wet so was scared she'd heard, but she’s never mentioned it so she must’ve not).

And that's my story; bit boring I fear (what i wouldn't give to have some of the experiences you guys have had! ) but it's my only desperate wetting experience (the only other two accidents I remember involve child me soiling my briefs without wetting, so don't count sadly).

