Slow and desperate shower wetting!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-20 14:46

Hey guys, EQ here :) have I got a story for you!

I woke up this morning desperate to pee, but reluctant to get up. At around 10:20 am I got a very significant wave where I thought I was going to pee everywhere but I fought hard and stayed dry, then ran to the bathroom.

I went to meet my housemate A whilst she had food and i had a milkshake at about 11:10am. She wanted to go to the bathroom there but there was a small queue so she used the bathrooms at uni. As I was climbing the stairs I felt a small twinge but rejected it completely, I was going to at least make it home (2pm)

My lecture like always was awfully boring. I was wearing a hoodie, white top with a skull on, white panties with a pandas face, jeans, socks with frenchfries on and black and pink puma suede shoes. I was messing about on my phone, chatting to homeanddry about being bored and writing stupid notes to my housemate. I shuffled about in my seat and my bladder lurched. At first I thought I was a 5 but I realised it was worse than that. I immediately stopped sipping my water.

The lecture finished but some of the other students were asking us questions, and we were later than normal to our bus stop. A wanted to get a slower bus back because it was on the way to her lecture. I agreed, and leaned against the bus stop trying to look like I was idly kicking my feet but the urge was getting significant.

I got to the exchange for the bus to go back to my house and I had a 14 minute wait. I kept pacing up and down but that was partly to get the sun out of my eyes! I connected to the free wifi and moaned to homeanddry about my situation. It's great to have an irl friend I don't have to hide this from! Anyway my bus eventually came and I got on and sat down. I couldn't help some leg bouncing but nobody really noticed or cared. The whole trip back I was listing, get inside, turn the oven on, get changed, get laptop, charge phone. I didn't want to wet my jeans lol.

I rushed inside and did all those things, changed into my grey sweatpants and called my brother who I've been meaning to talk to. We chatted for 30 mins and then my lunch was ready so I ate that. Not long after that I was sat at the table with one hand tightly holding my crotch.

I had to go into the bathroom so clean up would be easier but when I walked in I was hit by an extreme wave. I sat on the floor and a few drops escaped. I held on with one hand with all my might and it just poured out of me. When it stopped I took a pic of my puddle and got in the shower.

It took about 20 minutes in total, each wave sending streams down my legs, soaking the thick fabric of my sweat pants and running into my socks!

The relief was 100% amazing and I'm glad I was home alone haha!

Ps sorry for the dirty shower I didn't want to have to clean it twice :P

