My first true holding was today! :D - Page 2

Author: JeniM1991

*025*2014-07-02 17:54

Good to know wettingman! A few people have told me that too! I assumed I filled my bladder up too fast!! Hahah. I think someone posted about the best way to get those kidneys working fast so your hold is bursting sooner would be to drink lots and lots of water. Keep peeing and then designate a time when you actually start holding and within an hour or so you will burst if you've been drinking water constantly! I just don't know if I have the patience here at home to hold for a long time. It bugs me to just wait and wait and wait. So filling fast is what I want to do but definitely not the same with the pleasure. Oh decisions decisions. Such a tough thing hahahha. But I will definitely try to hold next time I have a day off! Not holding at work again!!!!!! :P

*030*2014-07-04 09:50

{{:

Your stories are so amazing I sometimes suspect them of being made up!

I'm really curious how you would go about hiding your "business" afterwards? Did you sneak back inside with a load in your bikini or what? It's not as easy to hide as a wet patch!

}}

The trick is to swim out some & I take off my bikini bottoms! Then all is free :D now if the weather is bad & there's a crazy strong water current then no haha not gonna risk my life!! Lol.

& made up?!!?!!?! Whoa man!!! No I peed my pants at work& it was embarrassing...I tried to have a little pee fun in the car during college & yes I had my first intentional hold lol. But there are still other experiences i haven't shared yet that yes did actually happen to me!! Lol.

*032*2014-07-09 22:42

{{:

This was a very good story. Do you plan to start holding more often now?

}}

I feel like I get into desperate situation often enough for me not to intentionally try really haha.

*034*2014-07-12 04:46

I of course love the letting go part the most. But in order to get there you need to wait...painfully and patiently....haha

