All I wanted to do was just to pee

Author: theblackman24

*000*2012-12-11 23:53

All I wanted was just to pee, but idk why I couldn't find a toilet. Anyway my night began just like any ordinary night got off of work and I was already pretty desperate to pee. I work the late shift so I get off at 12am So I was driving home and one of my tires blew up. So I spend 20 minutes changing it, when I was finished I got back on the road and decided to drive home. When I looked at the time I was supposed to meet some friends at a bar in like 15 minutes so i went their instead. (I have a small bladder, but I been working on it.) So I went to the bar and I drunk a few beers. I was about to walk to the bathroom then all of a sudden one of my friends wanted to play me in pool. I was extremely desperate, but I couldn't turn down winning a pool game. When I won, I started heading to the bathroom, but I was stoped by some cute girl I started talking to for who knows how long. When I got her number I looked at the clock and it was 2pm and in my city the bars closed at that time.

I tried going to the bathroom but the doors where locked and I decided to say my good byes to my friends. When I reached my car my bladder was so full it felt like I was about wet my pants. I was almost in tears. When I got in my car it wouldn't start, it turns out that I left my lights on and my battery was dead. My friend was in the same parking structure so i called him over and he help jumped my car. 15 minutes passed when my car was ready and I had to pee really really badly. I could feel it starting to work its way out. I started driving home which was 10 minutes away. I jumped on the freeway then all of a sudden I hit some since traffic. i'm thinking why is their traffic at 2:30 in the morning?? then I remember it's los angeles there is always traffic no matter what. I'm in a critical state, my bladder is about to explode and in my mind I'm getting frustrated.

I keep thinking I need to pee! thats all I want to do, the world must hate me right now. I search for a water bottle, but no luck. I had no choice but to hold my pee, and I'm driving a 5 series BMW so I had motivation to hold it. When I passed traffic I decided to get off the freeway and find some ware to pee. When I exited the freeway I made a stop then all of a sudden I seen two cops drive slowly passed me. One cop shined his light in my car so I decided maybe peeing in public wasn't such a good idea since one my my friends got arrested for 6 months for doing that. Yep california is strict about that just my luck. So I my shirt off and sat on it just encase something happens. I get back on the freeway and my house is less than 5 minutes away.

I drive with a painfully full bladder, I'm mentally crying and my penis was on fire. I get off the freeway and drive down to my house. All of a sudden I get stopped by a cop. I'm thinking why me?!? the cop asked my why was I driving so fast, and I told him I needed to pee really badly and I can't wait any longer, my house is a block away. the cop said the bathroom thing is the oldest excuse in the book. The cop took my license, insurance and registration. The cop took a forever reviewing my information. My bladder started to weaken and i could feel drops of pee starting to come out. My underwear was damped and I was thinking OMG i'm not going to make it! I was tempted to run from the cop, but that never works out so I just waited. When the cop came back she said I better slow it down, and she just gave me a written warning.

I started to drive home, I was in a critical state. I was sweaty, teary, and my bladder was burning. I eventually arrived home and parked my car about 70 yards away from my house because it was the closest parking spot avaliable. When I got out the car my bladder went numb for a second.. All of a sudden pee slowly started to come out uncontrollably. I took one step and all of a sudden I gushed into my pants. I tried to stop it, but I just couldn't. I started to run to my and the pee was still couldn't stop the pee. When I arrived home I went to the bathroom and took a shower

