First Wetting for me!

Author: GuiltyPleasures

*000*2012-09-02 19:09

So the day before yesterday I finally got an account here after learning it exists from tumblr, and I went on to read a whole bunch of wetting experiences, and got some ideas, even! I hadn't went to the bathroom since I had woken up either and it had gotten to be midnight already. Everyone was asleep and I found a one liter bottle of Clear American water, so I decided I was gonna see if wetting myself in shorts while in bed would be as great as it seemed.

I drank the bottle of water and went to get myself some iced tea. I wanted to get nice and full. It was taking quite some time. I even ended up Skyping my friend to pass the time away.

By the time it was 6 a.m. I had been skyping my friend for a while to pass the time and I was really feeling it. I thought of how naughty it'd be to wet myself while skyping my friend, but then he had to log out. I was bored and desperate at this point.

I also needed to get some sleep some time, so I just decided I'd let go. My body wasn't going to do so that easily and I had to basically convince myself with a little spurt. It felt good, and I was embarrassed that someone'd find out somehow. And then the need kicked in some more, so I let out some more pee for maybe five seconds. It filled up my panties and left a really nice spot on my shorts. The feeling of the full panties was actually really amazing and I had no idea it would feel so good! 

This was better than using the toilet (except for the inevitable laundry I'd have to do.) I touched the wet spot out of amazement that I had even done THAT much and it was really really wet. That got me even more excited and I got up to sit on my knees with my legs open. I then just let go and let the rest come out. The puddle was getting very big ad it was amazing, and I just sat there and watched my shorts drip everywhere. They were soaked and I was embarrassed again because I had just made a giant puddle on my own bed, and I thought people would find out.

After that I sat back down and felt just how soaked and warm everything was, and it was so wonderful! I thought after a few seconds I'd be disgusted with myself and want to take everything off but I didn't. Then I decided to lay down and just chill in my full and soaked panties. This happened to feel really amazing and by this point I was really excited to I decided to touch myself. That...was a really good idea. I'll leave it at that, ehehe.

After I finished up with that I decided to go get some iced tea, and since everyone was asleep and I wasn't dripping anymore I just went to get some in what I had on. Then I went and sat back on my bed, finished my tea, and then changed because it was cold by this point.

Yeah that was...really amazing. I just hate that my sheets got so filthy afterwards xD It takes forever to dry!

*002*2012-09-02 22:20

{{ 

Nice story. Welcome to the forums, hope you enjoy it here, and continue to enjoy these experiences.

}}

Thanks! Me too, ehehe~

*010*2012-09-04 04:46

Haha this site isn't on tumblr I just tradked the omorashi tag and someone mentioned this site hehehe.

Also thanks for all the welcoming and compliments on my writing (I'm trying to get better at it heh)

*012*2012-09-07 07:29

Well yeah the mess is a thing but it's nice to have darkish colored sheets and good detergent.

Also thanks for all the compliments, guys! I've actually tried working on my writing, I still don't have it to where I'd like but you know, the whole practice thing.

*019*2012-09-10 14:53

{{ 

So uh, tumblr huh? Any chance you'd let me know your url because hey, tumblr is basically my life. Also, great story.

(You are a fandom blog, right? What fandoms? This could be the start of a long and satisfying friendship)

}}

Mostly Homestuck with a bit of Harvest Moon cause I like silly games like that. And whatever else I find that I remember I like.

But I guess if you want it my url is degenerate-hussie

Yeah it's weird but it works haha.

{{ 

Sounds like you had a fantastic first time wetting. I'm new to this forum as well, but not wetting. I also have to compliment your Aranea avatar as a fellow stuck.

}}

Ah, yes, awesome! Thanks for the compliment!

