Girls holding themselves

Author: kingkong

*000*2014-12-01 09:59

Hi all,

Thought I would share some of my sightings of women who have been so desperate to pee they have had to hold themselves. For me that is the sexiest part of female desperation, and a sign of just how close a woman is to wetting herself. Nearly all girls (I assume) would hold themselves in private if necessary, but to do so in public shows the most extreme desperation. The below I have all witnessed personally, and later I'll share some incidents that I have heard about (either from third parties or from girls themselves).

1) An ex girlfriend of mine, who we'll call Kayla (not her real name). Kayla had a very small bladder and was always having to pee. She would also obviously get desperate very quickly, and in many situations where a bathroom was not immediately available. She was very aware of her tiny bladder, so she was not shy about admitting her need, but because her bladder was just so small she still ended up desperate very easily (unlike those girls who get desperate out of shyness, despite their normal bladder size). She was a very attractive girl, around 5 ft 2, above average breasts and quite curvy hips and legs (without being fat at all), brunette hair and blue eyes.

The most desperate I saw her was when she was about 22. We had gone away for the weekend, and had a couple of drinks out at a local brewery. She was wearing a summer dress that came to mid thigh, and underneath had black bikini style underwear with a few rainbow stripes on them. I had a few pints and I think she only had one (although she had had a couple of vodkas or wines beforehand I suspect). We left the bar and headed to a local takeaway. After leaving the takeaway we started walking back to our hotel (about a half an hour walk, maybe a bit more). Just as we left she mentioned needing to pee but I ignored her, since she said it so frequently when we were out, and of course because I enjoyed her getting desperate. 

We stopped into a liquor store soon afterwards to grab some drinks for the hotel, and she again mentioned that she 'really had to pee'. On the way out of the liquor store I saw her take a few steps towards the restaurant next door and I asked her what she was doing. She replied "Oh I was just seeing if maybe they had a bathroom I could use". I kept walking ahead a bit and asked her if she was really that desperate, and she said 'No I guess not, I can wait' and we continued on. I should point out that I would never have deliberately stopped her going - if she really wanted to go in she could have, and since she was not shy about admitting her need or popping into places (in the past) to pee, she definitely had the option of doing that.

We kept walking for another few minutes and I figured she wasn't too desperate (by her standards) because the conversation continued on as normal. Again she mentioned that she was getting a bit desperate -"Argh I really have to pee!". We were walking past a small park that was well lit and had a few people around, and I jokingly suggested that she just pop a squat behind a tall tree (I knew she wouldn't do that, although if she was very drunk or about to piss herself she probably would have). She replied with "It's almost bad enough that I'd consider it. I'm really busting now!" I made fun of her and asked if she really had to go so badly so soon after leaving the bar, and she said "Yes! I had a whole pint of beer! You know what I'm like".

At this stage I think it had been about half an hour or maybe 40 minutes since we left the bar. We continued walking and about 10 minutes later she said "Fuck I'm really busting now. Is there anywhere around where I can use a bathroom". I pointed out that there was a bar about another 10 minute walk away, but before then there were just houses and shops that were already closed for the night. 

She said "Ok I'll have to go there. Fuck I really have to pee!!!". A couple of minutes later and she said again "I really have to pee I really have to pee..." and kept saying it really quickly. The she went quiet, and maybe 10 seconds later she groaned and put one hand between her legs - I had never seen her do this in public before, so I was pretty excited. She didn't clutch herself with a full hand/wrist as I have seen other girls do, but instead just put two or three fingers between her legs and pressed right on where her peehole was. She kept her hand there for maybe 10 seconds but kept walking.

I teased her a bit and said "Are you ok? Surely you're not that bad yet" and she said "I told you, I had a whole pint of beer! " and then groaned again. We were only a couple of minutes from the pub where she planned to pee, and along the way she pressed her fingers between her legs a couple more times, and kept making mindless conversation to distract herself. A couple of times she squealed and exclaimed "I really have to go!". I told her to keep holding I and we were almost there.

At least once she said "I could pee my pants now!", and when I pointed out she was wearing a dress she said "Piss down my legs then, whatever!". Finally as we approached the pub she turned the other way (the direction back to our hotel) - I asked her why she didn't go in there, and she said "Let's just go home". I wasn't complaining! (I realised later that she was probably too desperate to stand still and get her ID out and walk through the pub without pee dancing or holding herself, and she didn't want the embarrassment. There also could have been a queue inside for the toilets, so she might have panicked at the thought of having to wait with a toilet so close by!).

We were now only 5 minutes from the hotel, and as we walked she kept squealing and groaning (but not holding herself). As we got close she asked me to get the key out so we could get in the security door. I had my hands full with the drinks that we bought so I passed one 6 pack to her to hold but she just shook her hands in a panic and said "I can't concentrate on anything else right now". She then squealed again and said "Shit! I think it's coming out". I managed to get the key out and open the security door. 

She then started running and in a panicked voice squealing "Where's the toilet?". Since we were still in a communal area, I didn't know what she was talking about. I asked her and she said "I think there's a toilet in the (communal) kitchen. Where is it", I told her I didn't think there was and our room was only one more minute away and she screamed "I cant wait! It's an emergency. Please its an emergency!". She started running towards our room and we got there in under a minute. As I swiped the key (which failed a few times - it was not deliberate on my part, but I wasn't complaining) and tried to open the door she was hopping from foot to foot doing a pee dance I hadn't seen before - not the quick jumping I had seen other girls do, but lifting each leg quite high and across her other leg, sort of like a slower more dramatic movement. At the same time she was holding herself again with a couple of fingers, and said a couple more times "Oh please hurry, it's an emergency".

Finally I got the door open, and while I would like to say she peed herself right there, she made it - she dashed inside (no longer holding herself) and said to herself "Oh it's ok, I'm ok, I'm gunna make it", went straight into the toilet, shut the door (unfortunately) and peed for over 40 seconds. While 40 seconds doesn't sound like much, for her it was ages - she rarely lasted 20 seconds, such was the smallness of her bladder. She came out just wearing her bra and black/rainbow striped bikini panties (which looked completely dry), claiming she was too hot after her mad dash to the toilet. I asked if she was ok, she said yes but panicked. I told her that she should have told me how desperate she was and we could have stopped somewhere (a bit of a lie since I suspected she was quite desperate, although not as bad as she turned out, and there were not many options for us to stop at on our walk where she could pee). All she said was "I wasn't lying! You know how small my bladder is".

I was incredibly turned on afterwards (naturally), but my attempts at kissing her were futile. She said was too hot and bothered and just wanted to lie down for a bit.

*001*2014-12-01 10:16

2) Another time with the same girl. Kayla and I had been out at a friend's party the night before, and stayed the night at my parents house. We had both drunk a lot of beer the night before. Most nights she would get up to pee at least once, and sometimes (especially after a night of drinking) more than once. This particular night I didn't recall her getting up (I would normally wake up when she did) and the next morning I was woken up quite late by a phone call. I was still half asleep and pretty groggy, so I wasn't paying much attention to the call or to her, but I remember her getting up at the same time and hobbling to the bedroom door, looking desperate. She was wearing a singlet top with no bra, and loose pyjama bottoms with no panties.

While still on the phone, I saw her slowly open the door and peak out. She then shut the door quickly and hobbled back into bed, with both hands between her legs. I ended the call and turned to her. She was curled up in the foetal position with one hand between her legs, completely grabbing herself. I tried to cuddle her and she said "Please don't touch me I can barely move". I played dumb and asked her what was wrong and she said "I really have to pee. I'm really struggling to wait. Your Mum is having a shower so I can't go". I continued to make fun of her, and tried to caress her and put my hand between her legs (where her hand was). She just said "No!" quite sharply, and then "Sorry. I just need to wee really badly right now". 

I decided to push it a bit further and ticked her a bit, and she squealed "Don't! I'll pee all over the bed". I told her she should go downstairs to our other bathroom but she said "No I'll wait she won't be long". I asked her "Are you sure? You're holding your vagina!". She said yes I'll wait. I suspected that she didn't want to go downstairs and risked being seen by my Dad, or my Mum (if she exited the bathroom at the same time), or risk having the downstairs bathroom occupied too. I asked her again if she was ok, and she just said "I just really REALLY have to pee. Fuck I hope your Mum hurries up!". A minute or two later I heard what I thought was the bathroom door open, and mentioned it to Kristy. She got up very carefully and hobble to my door, with both hands between her legs. She peaked out and saw the bathroom was free, and then carefully removed her remaining hand (she had taken one away to open the door) and dashed out.

She came back dry, and looking very relieved. Again I tried fooling around with her and putting my hand between her legs, and this time I had more success :)

Note: at this point I should say that the reason I didn't keep tickling her and pushing things further is because a) I didn't want to force her or humiliate her, no mate how turned on I was, and b) I don't find peeing itself much of a turn on, and I didn't like the idea of her peeing in the bed either.

There were 2 or 3 other times where she woke up really desperate (and probably 20 times where she woke up just a bit desperate), and where she held herself, but that was more out of laziness and not wanting to get up, so she wasn't really on the brink of peeing herself.

*002*2014-12-01 10:30

3) A random girl at a music festival.

This festival always had long toilet queues - nothing ridiculous like some of the photos I've seen or stories I've read about other festivals, but probably a guaranteed 10-15 minute wait for almost all the ladies toilets, no matter where they were in the venue. At the time I was with my ex girlfriend and a couple of her friends. Unfortunately there was no desperation of note to report from them (except for my ex mentioning a few times that she really had to pee - that was normal for her, and she never revealed any signs of true desperation like crossed legs, pee dancing, squealing in a panic, so she was always well in control). 

However as we were walking towards the main stage we stopped to check our map just outside a ladies toilet queue. It was maybe 10 women long outside, and another 10 or so inside (which was almost entirely out of view), but moving quite quickly (so there must have been plenty of stalls inside). I didn't see anyone looking too desperate so wasn't paying close attention, but then out of the corner of my eye I saw one girl suddenly squirm about and thrust her left hand between her legs and grab herself. She looked to be in her early to mid 20s, was average build with sandy coloured hair, wearing a white singlet top and short tan coloured shorts which showed off her shapely and tanned legs beautifully.

This of course grabbed my attention, but as I looked back she seemed to pull her hand away almost as quickly as she had put it there. I thought maybe I was imagining things but then as we started to walk away (she was still in view, and we were walking right towards her) she put her left hand back between her legs and this time it stayed there. She wasn't squirming or anything but had her whole hand cupping her vagina, not trying to hide what she was doing at all. She looked a bit embarrassed but not upset.

I tried to make eye contact with her but she ignored my gaze, even as we walked within a metre or two of her. Her eyes looked quite glassy so she was possibly quite drunk, knew that she was about to wet herself, had no other option but to hold herself, and was too drunk to care about people seeing her - she just didn't want to pee her pants. Like I said, the line was moving quite quickly, so as we walked past she was almost inside the building and out of sight, but as we walked away I kept turning around and trying to catch a glimpse of her - I had a pretty clear view of her from behind and it looked like her left arm/hand stayed exactly where it was, clutching herself tightly.

Maybe 10 minutes later I saw her walking away from the toilets and down the stairs back to the main stage - with dry shorts. She was walking down the stairs very carefully and slowly though, looking like she was having to make a real effort to stay steady on her feet, which reinforced my thinking that she was quite drunk. Later in the festival I saw her again leaning up against a fence, obviously waiting for people. I was by myself at the time (had gone to see a different bands than the others) and was very tempted to say something to her, or just strike up a conversation, but decided it might be a bit strange so decided against it.

Although there wasn't any pee dancing, or a look of panic on her face or anything, and even though the desperation didn't last long, it was possibly my most enjoyable sighting (of a stranger). I have never seen another girl so openly and obviously holding herself in public. She must have been about to have an accident.

*006*2014-12-02 02:56

4) Girl crossing the road

This was late one Friday night after I had been out drinking with some colleagues. I was a bit drunk so my memory isn't perfect though. I was walking to the train station and in my peripheral vision noticed a woman, probably mid 20s, wearing very short and tight pink shorts and a white singlet top crossing the road next to me. She was a bit above average height, with medium length blonde hair, and quite attractive. I saw her put a hand between her legs as she crossed the road, but because it wasn't an obvious crotch grab (more a press between her legs), and the fact I was a bit drunk, I didn't pay much attention. A second or two later it registered in my mind that she could be desperate to pee - turns out I was right. I looked back to her and as she continued to cross the road she pressed her hand between her legs again. She started to run (still pressing her hand to her crotch) and made it to my side of the road. 

We were right next to a very large poorly lit park (although still with a decent number of people walking along the paths that criss-crossed the park) and I heard her say to the guy she was with "Ooohhhh, maybe I can wee over there" and pointed to a small stair case. She then ran over to the stair case, stood on the top step, pulled down her shorts and panties, squatted and pissed a torrent (all the while I was watching from a distance, not wanting to be too obvious either to her or to the guy who was waiting for her). She must have been wetting for at least a minute, and once finished pulled up her black underwear and short shorts separately, and in a way that would have exposed a lot. Alas I was too far away to get a good look. She then returned to the guy and they walked off, leaving quite a large puddle behind.

This girl must have been seriously desperate, because the stair case I refer to was out in the open, and very wide (5 or 6 steps tall, and about 20 metres wide). She squatted right next to a small fence so she was covered on one side, but anyone walking on the path on the other side would have had a clear view of her. Luckily for her I don't think anyone else was around. I also found it interesting that the guy she was with didn't try to stop her or say anything after she said she would pee over there. That makes me think she might have been desperate for a while, walking through the city, and he was aware that she was at her limit. I would love to know what the back story was, and had the chance to watch her for longer as her desperation got worse.

