Bad Girls!

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-06-29 08:11

Well you guys, it's been a while since I've posted on here, but I thought I'd share with you a little story regarding myself and my girlfriend.

I actually showed this site to her, so if she feels like stalking me there's a good chance she'll read this... So baby, if you do, I love you and I hope you're not offended that I decided to post this on here!

Anyway, my girlfriend and I were together for three years and in that time I told her about my little wetting fetish ;). We broke up for a few months, but just recently I went to stay with her family and- perhaps rather predictably- we ended up getting back together.

Now, we were lying on her bed together, just chatting and making out, when she told me that she needed to pee. This immediately sparked my attention, especially since she made no move to get up and use the bathroom.

I asked "Yeah?" and turned my head to look at her. She met my gaze smiling rather tentatively, which implied to me that she wanted to play. While she doesn't share my fetish, she likes turning me on and has got desperate for me several times in the past, although she's always refused to actually wet herself- which I understand completely.

So I playfully said to her, "I think you should wait for a bit!" and she agreed to do so. We continued talking in between kisses with me keeping an extra eye on her.

At first, it didn't really seem like she needed to pee at all, but then I became aware of her squirming a bit. She was lying on her back with her feet flat on the bed so that her bare knees were in the air (she was wearing denim shorts) and I was nestled into her left side. In time, I noticed her knees beginning to sway back and forth, slowly at first, but then with increasing frequency.

I was kissing her when she pulled away abruptly and sat up. "I've really got to pee now," she said, making a move to stand up. When I heard this, however, I- with a quickness with which I was rather impressed with myself, swung one leg over her body so that I was on her lap and pushed her back down onto the bed. "Stay," I whispered.

"Mmm, okay," she said, wriggling a little under my. Her legs were moving with renewed venom now, "But I don't know how much longer I'll be able to wait. I've been holding on for ages!"

"Just try," I told her, moving in to kiss her once again, before moving my lips down to a sensitive spot on my neck.

She gave a little gasp and then giggled as she pulled back. "That tickles!" she told me indignantly, moving her hand to tickle my ribs as payback.

I squealed and pulled away, rolling- accidentally of course ;)- onto her lower body.

"Ohmygod," she crossed her legs and dropped them flat onto the bed, suddenly wriggling around beneath me for all she was worth, "Honey, you just pressed directly on my bladder!"

"Did I?" I widened my eyes innocently. "I'm sorry. But you know what happens when you tickle me, right?"

Her face took on a horrified look. "No! Don't you dare!" She tried to scramble away from me, but before she could, I had climbed back on top of her, with one thigh either side of her body. She stared pleadingly up at me and the vulnerability there was oddly thrilling.

She laughed and thrashed underneath me as I began to tickle her, making it difficult to keep my balance.

"I don't think so!" I warned, as she tried to reach underneath me to put her hands in her crotch. I grabbed a wrist with each hand and held her hands tight above her head. "Bad baby." I then shuffled forward a little so that I was sitting directly above her bladder and pressed my body down.

She gasped, her legs working desperately up and down underneath me as she clearly struggled to hold onto her pee. "Ohmygod," she mumbled, "You're so going to be in trouble for this later."

She likes to spank me when I've been "bad" so I imagined this was what she was referring to. This thought turning me on even more, I let go of her wrists and in one fluid motion moved my hands back to her sides and began tickling her again.

She squirmed beneath me, then suddenly she gave a little gasp and her eyes appeared unfocused for just a second as she finally managed to get a hand between her legs and pressed it hastily into the crotch of her shorts.

"Stop it!" she protested again, her face taking on a look of nervousness as she pressed her hand harder into her crotch. "No- seriously baby, please stop. I don't like it."

Of course, I couldn't keep tickling her after she'd said that. So I moved away, a little disappointed, but made sure that I "accidentally" pressed on her bladder as I sat back. "Sorry," I said, then: "Did you pee a little there."

She tilted her head away from me, her face adopting a fake pout. "Mhmmm."

"Can I feel?" I moved her hand gently out from between her legs and replaced it with my own. It was difficult to tell if it was damp or just very warm, so I moved to undo the top button of her shorts to feel her underwear. Before I could do this, however, she suddenly sat bolt upright, pressing both hands urgently into her crotch.

"Baby, can I please go pee now?" she asked me frantically, her eyes slightly glazed over.

I realised she must have leaked again and- beginning to worry that I was pushing this too far- I simply nodded and climbed off of her.

"Yes!" she punched the air with one fist before stowing it quickly back between her legs and shifting to the edge of the bed. She stayed there for several seconds, seeming to grind her crotch into the corner of the mattress, before jumping to her feet and bolting for the bedroom door, still holding herself.

I watched her go in amusement, before lying back on the bed and slipping a hand into the waistband of my own shorts, stroking myself as I happily anticipating her return.

She was gone for ages though, and I had to stop pleasuring myself as I wanted to leave it to my girlfriend to do most of the work. In fact, she was gone for so long that I began to worry whether she was okay. I was just getting up off the bed to check on her, when the bedroom door opened and she reappeared. She was wearing the same t-shirt she had been wearing previously, but her shorts and panties had vanished, leaving her bottom half completely naked.

"Hi," I said, letting my eyes trace slowly over her, unsure of the reasons behind her sudden lack of clothes.

"Hi," she said, not quite meeting my eyes as she came to join me on the bed. "Uhmmm. My underwear was on the wrong way, so I decided to take it off." (Or something like that- I can't quite remember what her excuse was, but it was something silly like that.)

"Oh really now?" I raised my eyebrows and put out my arms, which she slid into. "I'm sorry," I added, worried that I'd actually upset her, which hadn't been my intention.

She looked up at me and a mischievous glint suddenly appeared in her eye. "Oh, you will be sorry," she warned, "Bad girl."

