The first girl to pee her pants

Author: Kenny

*000*2011-07-12 22:48

I have always has a fascination with girls wetting their pants and I longed for many years to see girls pee or, the holy grail, wet their pants. In relationships I was confident to ask to see a partner pee in the toilet but never to ask them to wet their pants.

I starting having a friends with benefits experience with my friend Laura. One day whilst fooling around, she mentioned she was going to pee. I told her she should hold it and we should see how long she could hold it for. She thought it'd be a fun game and agreed to play along. All along, we kissing and touching each other. As time passed us by, I noticed that she was grabbing herself and her legs were shaking. She seemed really desperate. I'm not going to lie, this got my heart racing.

She asked if you could pee and I asked her to hold it a little longer. Laura looked horrified and distressed until she looked down and noticed a big bulge in my jeans. She looked at me and asked "Is this turning you on?". This was it, this was my moment. I told her about my little fascination. She looked me in the eyes and said "Do you want me to wet myself?".

With these words I felt my heart start to beat faster and a few beads of sweat rolled down my forehead. I looked at her and nervously nodded. Laura slowly rolled off her bed and with one hand holding herself, she undid her jeans and slowly took them off. She then took me by the hand and led me to her bathroom where see stood in the shower. She then asked "Are you ready?". I smiled and said yes.

She stood with her legs apart wearing her light blue knickers and she closed her eyes. It seemed like hours (but must've only been a few seconds) and I noticed the crotch of her knickers get darker and this slight sound of pee hitting her shower.

At this moment she opened her eyes and stared straight at me and said "I can't hold this much longer, I'm going to have to let go". With that said, a long, loud stream of pee exploded our of her knickers as they turned even darker. She was so forceful with her stream it was splashing around her shower cubical. She let out a sigh as she continued to pee. After about a minute of strong peeing, it appeared the flow was stopping and the pee just started to dribble down her legs.

This minute of action has stayed firm in my mind since this day and also gave me the confidence to ask other partners to indulge my enjoyment (and I'm happy to say we've had amazing results!)

