No one was supposed to be around...

Author: sj420

*000*2012-06-10 17:36

I've written fiction before, but I've never actually shared one of my own wetting stories, so here it goes...

###

I used to work for the college radio station doing a late-night show. It was always the last shift before we signed off for the night, there was never anyone in the building later in the show, and I didn't live too far away (just a few minute drive or walk).

Living with roommates, going to class, having a social life, and working for extra spending money didn't leave much opportunity for wetting, especially not in public. So I would sometimes take advantage of the complete isolation in a semi-public place to pee in my jeans.

It felt so good feeling the warm pee running down my legs and, since I never brought a change of clothes, I got to spend hours in them. When the show was over, I would shut down the station and go home--wet pee stains still visible down both legs. I knew my roommates would be out or asleep when I got back to the apartment and there was little chance of anyone seeing me in the studio, so it seemed like the perfect way to fulfill the urge.

I did this dozens of times without incident. But one night in particular got a little more interesting ...

I was wearing regular blue jeans and had to go from the fluids I had drank before the show, so I let go standing in front of the CD racks looking for a particular album. Since I was standing, it ran down my legs and into my socks and shoes. It felt so good and I went about my show like nothing happened enjoying my wet pants.

About a half hour after doing the deed, however, I got a call. It was from one of the girls who was also a DJ at the station. She said she had left her backpack in the station office and needed me to let her in to retrieve it. She said she would be at the back door in 10 minutes.

I surveyed the damage--my jeans had barely begun to dry and they had dark wet patches all the way down both legs. The one thing I had going for me was that the wetness was centered toward the inside and back of the legs, rather than the front. Maybe if I faced her and kept my legs together she wouldn't notice.

When the bell to the office's back door rang, I headed back to open it. I tossed open the door and dashed back to the studio. I apologized briefly, but told her that I had to hop on the air in a few seconds. I figured with any luck she would grab her backpack and just take off. No such luck.

It was rumored that this girl had a crush on me, but I hadn't really believed it until that night. When I was done with my on-air bit, she was still in the office. She said she didn't have much to do that night and thought she'd hang around and keep me company.

I was sitting on the chair in the studio with my legs together. From that position, you couldn't see the wetness of my jeans, so that's how I had to stay.

She stayed for an hour, chatting about this, that, and the other. All the while I stayed glued to my chair--announcing the show and talking with her between on-air bits. When I needed something I couldn't reach from my sitting position, I asked her to get it for me.

Eventually, she got tired and decided to leave. I thanked her for stopping by, but was very grateful she didn't decide to hang around until I shut everything down. She left and, as far as I know, was never the wiser for what I had done.

She started coming by to hang out during my show semi-regularly after that, and I began waiting until much later in the night before having my fun.

It's still the closest I ever came to getting caught.

*002*2012-06-16 00:29

Yeah, the thought has crossed my mind from time to time. Of course, it most likely would have gone very badly had she found out and not been into it.

