Assorted experiences and observations

Author: homeanddry

*000*2014-11-02 20:39

Hi all, When I first joined the site, or rather when I plucked up the courage to actually post something, I wrote a very brief, very anonymous and generally not very helpful introduction. I’d like to put that right now, if I may, by describing some of the experiences that I think have shaped my curiosity and interest in the subject of Omorashi in the first 28 years of my life. They’re all quite short, most coming to a disappointingly abrupt end, and many are lacking in detail, for which I apologise. 

Hopefully you’ll still be able to paint your own picture of each scene though, and fill in the gaps with your imagination. One day, I might write up some of them in a semi-fictional format, expanding and exaggerating to make it a bit more exciting. In the meantime, I’ll happily try my best to go into a bit more detail if there’s a part of the story that anyone’s specifically interested in, and I’d be delighted to chat (privately or in public) about any of it or indeed about anything else at all!

===

I’m pretty sure that it started at primary school. I’m not going to go into too much detail, partly because it’s all very vague now and partly because I don’t think it’s really appropriate. My earliest memory, though, is of my best friend at the time suddenly running to the teacher, out in the playground, holding himself and asking to go inside to the toilet. A couple of years later (year 5, I think), I remember a couple of other instances in the classroom – once, when a few classmates were queuing to see the teacher to ask questions about the work that we’d been set, a girl standing in the queue shifting her weight uncomfortably and occasionally holding herself tightly. The other, around the same time, was the more prolonged – the girl sitting next to me repeatedly complaining that she really needed the toilet, crossing and uncrossing her legs yet reluctant to ask for permission. At the end of the class, she shuffled off, almost jumping along so that she could keep her legs crossed.

I think the other thing that influenced my interest was my family’s tendancy to make long journeys by car without making many stops. A lot of our journeys were away from the motorways and main roads, so there weren’t many convenient places to stop for relief anyway. For me, this seems to have developed into a stubbornness to admit my need, even when not actually travelling – you could perhaps call it shyness. I can clearly remember regularly holding it, almost to extremes, on numerous occasions as I approached my teens. Even with public toilets nearby, I’d try my hardest to wait until we got home or to wherever else we were going, sometimes dancing around in a very unsubtle manner as I tried to distract myself from the intense pressure.

It was around this time that I started to make the connection between my interest in the desperate needs of others and my own arousal. Moving to secondary school, I really started to take notice of anyone who either said or showed that they needed a wee – female or, although I am totally straight in every other sense, male – and became fascinated with the different ways that they dealt with their desperation. I’ll try to recount some of them in a little more detail now.

My memories from the first three or four years at secondary school are still quite vague, but I remember standing with a friend when another girl approached, clearly having just come back from the playing fields as part of a P.E. lesson and dressed in the regulation white polo shirt and black shadow-stripe shorts that I still find quite appealing when worn by the right person! She stopped briefly to talk, looking quite uncomfortable, before pressing hard, with the fingers of one hand, against her crotch through her shorts and suddenly announcing “I really need the loo” and quickly walking off.

The playing fields at our school were about a five minute walk away from the main grounds, and had no facilities of their own other than a small store for sports equipment, which explains how that situation came about. I’m surprised that I didn’t observe much desperation here, especially at the annual sports day when we all had to stay there for quite a long period of time, although it wasn’t unusual to see boys disappearing behind the shed containing the equipment store. The only experience that stands out was another girl, quite a good friend at the time, sitting on the grass with her legs straight out on the ground in front of her, pressed tightly together with her hands between them, palms resting on top of her upper thighs and her fingers wedged between them in a way that could only mean that they were pressed against her crotch. Sadly I didn’t see much more than that!

School trips also provided one or two quite mild sightings. Most of the coaches that we used didn’t have toilets, so everyone had to wait for a break, usually at motorway services. One of the longest trips was to a destination in London – well over a three hour journey for us, and the same back. We stopped once on the way there, at a service station somewhere on the motorway, and I followed a female friend down the aisle of the coach, making slow progress as we waited for others to get out of their seats in front. She was wearing the normal school uniform – a skirt finishing just above the knee, with black tights underneath – and I noticed that she seemed impatient every time we had to stop moving forwards, standing with one leg bent slightly so that the knee could pass slightly in front of her other, allowing her to press her thighs together more tightly. She didn’t say anything, but quickly hurried off in the direction of the toilets when we finally got off the coach.

Once we got underway again, we didn’t stop until we reached our destination – which took quite a while, with the heavy traffic in central London. When we finally arrived, there was a further delay as the teachers sorted out the tickets to get into the attraction. “Hurry up – I really need a wee!”, exclaimed one girl – looking around, I saw her, dressed in the black uniform trousers instead of a skirt, holding herself with one hand and shifting her weight from one foot to the other and back. Another was in a similar state, and showing it in a similar manner.

===

Moving forward to the last year of compulsory education and through into sixth form (at the same school), I found myself happily in the middle of a mixed group of friends – if anything, mostly made up of girls. Indeed, many of my closest friends have been girls throughout most of my life. Most of our lessons were spent together, at least with some members of the group, and most of our activities outside school were shared too.

There were the usual desperate situations in class, of course. One girl, who I didn’t really know very well, often seemed to hold it until the very last minute, seemingly reluctant to ask permission to leave the classroom but hoping instead to last until the end of the lesson. Once, sitting at the same table as me in a science lesson, on quite high stools rather than the lower chairs found elsewhere in the school, she finally succumbed to the pressure, jiggling her legs furiously as she impatiently waited for the teacher to response to her raised hand. On another occasion, in a very small class (of three, all of us from our close group of friends) in sixth form, we’d been working hard all lesson, and I’d hardly noticed my friend’s increasingly obvious discomfort next to me. As the lesson ended and we closed our books, she stood up, dancing on the spot slightly as she packed her belongings away, saying “I’ve got to go, before I burst” before quickly leaving the room.

One of my closest friends, and one that I’ve probably kept in touch with the most since leaving school, was also the one that seemed to find herself in the most desperate situations, largely on account of her extreme stubbornness. On more than one occasion, I’d be standing with her, talking about anything and everything, when she’d suddenly exclaim “ooh, I really need the loo”, bringing one knee right up almost to waist height and bending sharply at the waist, holding that position for a second or two before carrying on as before. Once, taking part in an overnight hike, she claimed to have held it for 24 hours, as she wasn’t able to pee outside anywhere – quite an achievement, and one that I’m very sorry to have missed, as I wasn’t able to go along with them!

Nearing the end of our time in sixth form, we all attended the annual ball to celebrate the approach of the summer holidays and our imminent departure to pastures new. Although most of our little group of friends didn’t drink alcohol, a great deal of liquid was consumed through the evening anyway. The organising committee had arranged for coaches to take most of us home, although in our case we were all going on to another party in an outbuilding at the home of one of the friends. As this was located close to the depot of the company who were providing the coaches, we were the last to be dropped off, following a long and circuitous route around what seemed like most of the (large) county on the way.

A couple of stops were made on the way, at each of which most of the boys on the coach alighted to make use of a rural hedgerow for relief – not accompanied, I don’t think, by any of the girls, many of whom had been drinking heavily. I do wonder how desperate some of them were by the time they were dropped off, especially a couple who then had to wait a short while to be collected by their parents for the last few miles home. My own companion – I hesitate to call her a date, as she was (and still is) a good friend and no more – wasn’t showing any signs of needing to go, other than complaining – at the first impromptu toilet stop – that “some of us need to pee too”, until we arrived at our destination when she jumped up as soon as the coach stopped and ran towards the house, standing with her legs tightly crossed and bobbing up and down slightly until she was let in, disappearing quickly upstairs.

My stubborn friend, not very easily visible from where I was sitting on the coach, didn’t look too desperate either, at the time, but later – in conversation about the times that we’d had to stop for the heavy beer drinkers to relieve themselves – suggested that she’d drunk rather a lot of Coke not long before we’d left, and hinted that she wasn’t sure how she always managed to hold it without an accident. She’d spent a lot of the journey sitting half cross-legged, with her left foot lifted right up under her long dress and her left knee resting on the edge of her seat. 

That seemed an unusual position for someone who was suffering from any great amount of bladder pressure, as I’d always imagined that they’d naturally want to keep their legs pressed tightly together. Perhaps I’m wrong, though, or perhaps she was secretly pressing her heel into her crotch to help her to hold it in. Either way, it’s an exciting thought; I’d love to find myself back in that situation. She wasn’t the first to get to the house either, so would have had to wait for one of the two toilets to become free.

The venue for the party, being – as I mentioned – in an outbuilding behind the house, provided a couple of other examples, as the only toilets were in the house itself. The same friend would often suddenly jump up and run towards the house, as though she’d been holding it for quite a while. Once, I walked with her, as I wanted to go to the house to fetch some more drinks. She walked with short, sharp steps, repeatedly bending slightly at the waist, wincing and saying “I need the loo, I need the loo, I need the loo...”. The downstairs toilet – the only one really available once the parents of the house had retired for the night - was free, unfortunately!

===

Once sixth form was finished, we all went our different ways. For me, the next chapter was four years at the university in a fairly small town. Our course was quite intensive, often with a full morning or afternoon of lectures with barely enough time to walk between lecture halls, let alone think about a toilet break. I’m sure that plenty of my fellow students suffered from at least one desperate encounter, but very few showed any visible signs or spoke about their need at all – they must have been a strong bladdered lot.

Indeed, one field trip suggested that this was the case – setting off first thing in the morning for a journey of well over an hour, a two hour site visit (to a site with no facilities whatsoever) and a similar journey back home. I usually find that I need to go quite often in the morning, often becoming quite desperate just a couple of hours after breakfast. Maybe I’m alone in that, but I could imagine that at least some of the students on the trip were absolutely bursting by the time that we returned home – I know that I was!

I can only recall one occasion when someone looked visibly desperate during a lecture – in fact, this was after the lecture had finished, itself immediately following another long lecture. One girl, who I didn’t really know, hurried down to speak to the tutor as soon as he’d finished the session – unfortunately for her, some other students got there first. As she waited, clearly very impatiently, she performed the most fantastic pee dance, rhythmically lifting her left knee and crossing it over her right then repeating with the right over the left. Occasionally she’d interrupt this by crossing her legs tightly, clearly focussing on holding back the flood as she bent forward slightly at the waist, before resuming her dance. Eventually her turn came to speak to the tutor, and she managed to remain composed during the brief discussion, before walking very quickly – almost running – in the direction of the nearest toilets.

As part of the latter part of the course, we were taken off on a three day trip to the Peak District – one of England’s national parks, and a very scenic one at that, for those who don’t know the country. This was in the name of practising teamwork and leadership, and we carried out various teambuilding activities culminating in a 24-hour challenge. The aim of this challenge was, in teams, to plan to carry out various activities to earn as many ‘points’ as possible; the locations of the activities were spread over a large area, and each team was provided with a minibus and driver to transport members between locations.

Part of the challenge was to plan to make the most efficient use of time and the minibus, so we found it best to travel to a few locations in succession, being away from base for a few hours at a time. There was, in addition, an outdoor meal in a rural car park that everyone had to plan to attend, ensuring that some members of each team were available to help prepare the food and clear up afterwards. We found ourselves arriving there, on a tight schedule, straight from a couple of activities in various locations, and we pitched in with the food preparation. I’d found myself leading our little group within the larger team, ably assisted by one of the girls off the course who was working closely with me on various aspects of the challenge.

As we worked to cook dinner, she quietly said, “I really need to pee” – unfortunately for her, there were no toilets around the car park, and no prospect of moving on for quite some time. She pointed at a nearby bush and joked about running behind it, but then carried on with her tasks, showing no outward signs of desperation for the whole time that we were eating and cleaning up afterwards. Once we’d finished, everyone was instructed to gather briefly to listen to a short talk from the leaders – the next part is quite vague in my memory, but we were instructed to stand and do ten star jumps. A different girl managed two or three before stopping, squeezing her legs together and exclaiming, “I can’t, I need a wee!”.

The next part of our plan involved being driven in the minibus to a nearby town, where we needed to navigate our team around an orienteering facility on the outskirts. “If there isn’t a toilet there, I’m going to make one behind a tree,” my teammate said to me, looking a little uncomfortable but otherwise not showing any signs of her needs. As it turned out, the toilets at the orienteering facility had been locked for the night by this time, but – disastrously – it transpired that, somehow, we’d manage to leave the necessary map back at base and would need to return there first, giving us all an opportunity for relief.

Cursing this unfortunate turn of events, partly because of the effect on our schedule but mostly because (as much as I felt sorry for my teammate’s predicament) it’d bring a premature end to a promising session of desperation (which, by now, included my own!), we heading back to base. The journey took between ten or fifteen minutes, for the duration of which I was wedged tightly against my apparently desperate teammate in the front seats of the minibus. “I need to pee sooo badly,” she reminded me – and now it seemed to show, as she jiggled her right leg furiously, rubbing against my own. Sometimes she’d stop briefly, possibly to squeeze her legs tightly together before continuing the jiggling, varying between her right leg, her left legs and, on a couple of occasions, both, stamping her feet like an angry toddler.

All too soon, however, the journey was over and she headed for relief.

The culture of seemingly endless drinking in universities offered great potential for desperate sightings too. There were two distinct centres for this – the town itself, with its various pubs and clubs, and the students’ union, nearly a mile away. Many students would spent the first part of the evening in the town centre before heading, in a drunken state, for the students’ union. I’ll leave it to you to imagine some of the situations that might arise from that, especially on busy nights with a queue to get into the latter! It wasn’t unusual to see students, male and female alike, disappearing into alleyways off the main route between the two. On one occasion, I passed a couple of girls, clearly drunk, who were singing and giggling as they made their way, unsteadily, towards the students’ union – each holding herself tightly with one hand through the fabric of her dress. I can only dream of what happened next, especially if the queue was quite long!

===

Soon enough, university was all over, and we all (well, most of us) headed off into the world of work. For the first couple of years, I travelled a lot as part of my work, often on the road for three or four hours at a time – especially early in the morning, that (and an unwillingness to stop en-route) led to some interesting personal experiences (sorry, wetting fans, none of that sort). There are a few other stories to tell too, from little experiences here and there, but I’ll save them all for another day.

*002*2014-11-11 12:16

{{ 

Very well written, looking forward to seeing more from you.

}}

Thanks! I might add the last few experiences of my own - nothing too exciting sadly - on the end of this thread when I get time, if anyone's interested. I'm trying to work up the inspiration to start writing some fiction - any offers gratefully received!

*003*2015-05-13 19:41

Apologies for bringing my thread back from the dead, but I wanted to update it with some more desperate sightings from the last few years. Some of them are even shorter than the ones above, but I’m inspired by Despguy123’s excellent posts, where even the shortest story is well worth reading.

====

Before leaving sixth form college and heading to university, a small group of us decided to go camping for a few days, a couple of hours from home. We shared two tents, with two boys and two girls in ours (all friends, nothing more!). There wasn’t much of interest, apart from one morning when we all woke up around the same time. None of us really rushed to get out of our sleeping bags, all struggling to find the motivation at first. Eventually one of the girls climbed out and stood up, declaring that she was “totally desperate for the loo”. As she stood in her pyjamas, gathering her washbag and a change of clothes ready to walk across to the shower block, she looked quite uncomfortable, standing quite awkwardly but otherwise showing no real sign of desperation.

The journey home was quite uneventful, but entirely on country roads with no service stations to stop at, or any other facilities without having to divert into one of the towns that we passed. It wasn’t until we were a few miles from home that the other girl that we’d shared a tent with – sitting in the back of the car, sadly out of my direct line of sight, started complaining that she needed the loo quite badly. We were then, unluckily for her, delayed at a railway crossing for a few minutes, but she didn’t say much more about her need until we pulled into her road to drop her off. As she lived on the right hand side of the cul-de-sac, it made sense to drive past her house and turn the car around first, but she begged us not to – “please let me out first, I really need the loo!”. Again, there wasn’t much to see then – she got out of the car, and quickly walked to her house, opening the door and running inside before the rest of us caught up.

====

We all kept in touch right through university, even though we were all a long way away from each other. One weekend, I’d gone to stay with one of my friends – the stubborn girl that I mentioned in my first post above – at her university. She was living just outside the city centre, probably a fifteen minute walk away, that year, and one evening we decided to go for a walk through the city to visit another friend who just happened to live on the other side of the same city. We didn’t know whether she was at home though, so when my friend declared that she needed the loo quite badly (as she probably did when we left her flat!), we thought that we ought to try and find some toilets in the city rather than risk carrying on to find an empty house.

After spending a few minutes walking around though, it seemed that all the public toilets had closed for the night, and there weren’t really any pubs in that part of the city centre – since she now seemed quite desperate, although only showing subtle signs like occasionally bending forward slightly, we decided to go back to her flat before setting out for a second attempt. She didn’t show any more signs of desperation on the way back, although she was wearing very loose jeans so could probably get away with crossing one leg in front of the other slightly as we waited to cross a busy road at a couple of places.

====

Now, a few stories about the girl, now my wife, who I met whilst at university. As I think I’ve mentioned elsewhere on the forums, she’s really not one to show much sign of desperation (as with most of my friends!), so again there’s not really much to tell unfortunately!

One day, we’d been out with my parents, and stopped to take their dog for a walk on the way home. As we started walking, my wife said that she needed a wee but could wait until we got back to the car as long as we found somewhere quite soon afterwards. We were gone for half an hour or so, occasionally stopping to look at the scenery, before returning to the car. We knew that there were public toilets in the small town nearby, so headed there only to find that they were closed. She was getting really desperate by now, and insisted that we head straight home – just over half an hour away – rather than trying to find somewhere else, implying that she probably wouldn’t be able to wait if we searched for a while before giving up and driving home anyway. She didn’t say much after that, just sat there uncomfortably with quite a pained look on her face and shifting position every few minutes until eventually we got home and she could run off to the toilet.

Perhaps my favourite memory is from when we’d gone camping with some friends for a few nights – but this time, with just the two of us in the tent, sharing the same sleeping bag. We were away for three or four nights, and I don’t think either of us woke up in the middle of any of those nights. When I woke up on the first morning, my wife still seemed half asleep. As she started to wake up, though, I could feel her squeezing her muscles ‘down below’ every few seconds as she lay on her side, knees brought up quite high. Eventually she woke up properly, and we talked for a few minutes – with her still squeezing every so often – before saying “I need to get up, I really need a wee”, getting dressed and heading for the shower block.

The next morning, she seemed just a little bit more desperate, but we still talked for a few minutes. As we were doing so, our friends started getting out of their tents, and one of them said something quite funny. As my wife laughed, I’m sure that she very briefly held her crotch with one hand, before saying something like “don’t make me laugh, I’m about to wet myself”, and again getting dressed and heading out of the tent.

On each of these occasions, though, she was wearing pyjama trousers and a top, so I couldn’t fully appreciate any subtle movements that she might have been making as she held it in, perhaps accompanying the muscle clenching that I could feel. On another occasion, though, we were staying over at my parents’ house when a similar situation occurred. This time, she woke up just in time to hear the door locking as someone went into the bathroom, and said that she was desperate for a wee. She was lying on her back this time, with her thighs pressed tightly together, and didn’t move from that position until the bathroom became free. She then quickly got out of bed and hurried off, stopping only to put her dressing gown on before leaving the bedroom.

One final one from her on a similar theme, this time at home, both of us lying on the settee together watching TV. She was lying on her back again this time, and as I gently rubbed her leg she exclaimed “don’t touch me too much, I need a wee and I’m trying to hold it in!”. She did seem to be squeezing her thighs together this time too, and after a few minutes suddenly got up and ran to the bathroom, saying “it’s no good, I’ve got to go for a wee”. I’m sure that she briefly grabbed her crotch with one hand – actually just a single finger, I think – as she did so, though she’s later claimed that she’s never been desperate enough to need to hold herself like that.

Finally, a recent one – quite late in the evening at the railway station in one of the small towns near us, a group of people arrived to wait for their train with over twenty minutes to go. They’d obviously been drinking quite a bit, and the sole girl attracted my attention as she leant against one of the columns on the platform, legs crossed slightly. After a while, she stepped away from the group to sit on one of the benches, where she remained until the train arrived – for the first few minutes, she sat quite normally, although leaning forward quite a bit. She then moved right to the front edge of the bench and sat there, leaning forward even more with her elbows resting on her thighs, rocking slightly. Perhaps one of the girls on here could confirm whether that sort of posture is any good for holding it in when desperate! She didn’t look at all comfortable though, and seemed very relieved when the train finally arrived and she disappeared from view.

