A very public wetting today

Author: pissylizzy

*000*2014-09-29 18:08

Sorry if this is a long post, there are a lot of boring but relevant details!

For several days I'd been planning a little desperation fun. I needed to buy new work shoes, as my old ones were full of holes and really broken. I also needed a new coat, seeing as I'd lost mine. So on Monday, my day off work, I would leave the house needing to pee and by the time I got back I would be super desperate and maybe even have an accident. I liked the idea of needing to go but not being able to.

The day came, and I wore my hoodie, black jeans, thick socks and my broken shoes. If I pissed in those shoes it didn't matter, I would be throwing them out anyway. So, I had my breakfast, drank 2 pints of water and left the house. On the way to the bus stop, the naughty idea struck me - since I'm wearing black jeans, I could probably pee a little on the bus and nobody would notice!

I've always wanted to pee myself on public transport and let the seat absorb it, but I will never do that because I get guilty. Some poor soul is going to discover a seat full of piss! Some even poorer soul is going to have to clean it up. I could never do it. But, if I just let out a little squirt, it couldn't hurt too much, right?

I got on the bus, went to the top deck and hallelujah, fake-leather seats! I put a newspaper on my seat and sat down. I found it really difficult to pee when the bus was moving, even though there were only a few other people on the top deck. It took me until almost the end of my 15 minute journey to actually let some go. Finally, I relaxed enough to let out a little squirt. It felt amazing to get my panties wet. I waited a few minutes, then let out another tiny squirt. There was only a small wet spot that couldn't even be seen, so I let out another. Unfortunately that one came out a little strong. It took me a few seconds to regain control, and when I got off the bus I was horrified to see that the newspaper had a huge wet spot on it. As I got into the cold outside air, I could feel a big wet spot on my ass. Fuck. I had to go shopping and hope nobody saw.

By the time I finished getting my new shoes and coat, I was pretty desperate. I almost peed a little in the checkout queue. I hoped I could get on a quiet bus home and pee a little more to relieve the pressure, after all I did have to then walk from the bus stop back to my house which was about 10 minutes. So I got on the bus at the bus station and sat at the top deck again. Unfortunately these seats were fabric, but I'd picked up another newspaper, so I put that on my seat and resolved to only piss a little bit into it.

As the bus waited at the bus station and a few people got on, I relaxed my bladder. The relief was amazing, and I sat there with my legs slightly open just letting out a small trickle of pee. When I felt I'd had enough, I closed my legs and shuffled in my seat. However, my bladder had other plans. As I moved, pee started to flood out of me. The worst part? LOADS of people started getting on the bus. I couldn't stop peeing, I was starting to see it on the edge of the newspaper I was sat on, and people were sat in the seats in front of AND behind me as well as everywhere else. I finally managed to stop wetting, but there was a huge wet spot on the front of my jeans which was really obvious.

I put my handbag on my lap to try and hide it, and moments later a guy sat next to me. He had a big rucksack and a huge shopping bag which sort of stuck into me, it was extremely annoying. I was kind of frustrated that things hadn't gone to plan and I was now stuck on this bus ride in soaked jeans next to some jerk off with big bags. But the thrill was amazing! I actually didn't care if he saw. I took the bag off my lap for a minute or two, just for fun. I even let out some more piss while the bus was moving. Hey, it sucked for me to sit next to some guy whose bags were sticking into my shoulder, but it was nice revenge to piss all over the seat next to him and maybe freak him out :) (unless he's a fetishist, in which case I made his day!)

Another problem arose though. How was I going to get off this bus? If this guy didn't get up before I did, I would have to shove my wet ass in his face to climb over him and then walk right down the bus, showing everyone my pee stain. Even though I was wearing black jeans, it was really obvious. I didn't even know WHAT my ass looked like at this point. I started to worry that I'd really soaked the seat cushion and felt guilty.

By the grace of the gods, the guy got off at the stop BEFORE mine. I quickly took off my hoodie and put on my new coat, which went almost down to my knees and would cover the pee. Genius. As I stood up to get off, another spurt came out. Fuck I needed to piss really bad, even after that explosion. I looked at the newspaper and miraculously again, when I picked it up (soaked apart from the corners), the seat underneath was bone dry. The perfect crime. I threw the newspaper onto the floor of the bus and got off.

It should probably be said now that I have a Wonder Woman bladder. I can hold massive amounts of pee before needing to go. I walked down my street, which is always a busy street, and let out piss while I walked. I love the feeling of wetting while I'm walking, it's so fun. The closer I got to my house, the more desperate my need was! I just had to let it go before I got in the house or I might ruin my carpet. I ran to the back of my house, pee starting to flow steadily, and rushed to the gate. My front door is at the back of the house, but an alley next to it leads straight to the street. I got through the gate facing the street, but it was all over.

I crossed my legs, shoved my hand into my groin and faced the fence, pee hissing in my jeans and running down my legs. It went into my shoes and all over the ground. I was genuinely trying to hold it in because I wasn't in a very private place, but I really really could not stop. I must have been peeing for about a minute in total. I suddenly realized my brand new coat was getting pissed on, and quickly pulled it up. As I did so, I glanced onto the street and saw some guy. He had stopped walking, and was just staring at me. As I looked over, he quickly turned away again and hurried off. How long had he been watching? I can't say. But I hope he had a good show.

When I stopped, my jeans were absolutely COVERED in piss. I threw my shoes in the trash before I went into my house and carefully stepped in, trying not to drip everywhere. After my cleanup operation, I came here to type up my story :)

Sorry it's so long, I told you there were boring details! Hope you like. I did take photos on my phone, but I might post them later. I need to relax... phew.

*003*2014-09-29 19:03

{{ 

Sounds like amazing experience :) . Wish I had courage to try something like that... Did you get any kind of reactions from people on the bus and walking home?

}}

I didn't really notice when I was walking home, I was so focused on the almost constant stream coming out of me :P There were a lot of people, but if anyone noticed they didn't say anything. On the bus however, the guy next to me definitely saw. As I let out a little spurt, in full view, he looked over (opportune moment, haha) and could see the glistening pool of pee in my lap. I think I could smell it a little too (over the horrible smell of sweat on the crowded bus) and he sort of... shuffled away from me a bit. He took out his phone and stared at that for the rest of the journey, haha!

