Valentine Date (Desperation Only)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-02-16 04:34

So, today me and Daniel (user Jack Napier) went on our Valentine date, because he had work yesterday and everywhere is less crowded the day after anyway. I told him that I wanted an all-day date, because when we first started dating, he was always so eager to see me that he would pick me up as early as possible and keep me out until my curfew. I miss those times of being out all day, so that's why I wanted it. Anyway, as one can expect, some fun comes with being out for that long.

We got brunch this late-morning, and then went to the mall for a little bit. Our dinner and movie was on the other side of town, and we headed over there to do some shopping for a while, because we weren't planning on having dinner until five. I got a headache at some point, and we got sodas because caffeine helps. After that, we were both pretty bored with shopping and had been everywhere we wanted to look, so we decided to sit in the car for a while and have our drinks. At some point while we were sitting out there, I began to feel a bit desperate. I told him, but also told him I wanted to wait a bit, and squirmed around a lot for his entertainment.

At one time, when I did this, he said, "I'm right there with ya." It was getting close to five, so I knew I should go soon, but neither of us wanted to walk back in the store because it was so cold. I said he could drop me off at the front and wait, then we could switch off and I could sit in the car and wait. He agreed, but said he would rather just wait until we got to dinner. I hurried in, the cold making it ten times worse, and then came back out to head to dinner.

When we got to the restaurant, we sat outside talking for a few minutes, and out of nowhere I noticed him shaking a lot and looking really anxious. I asked him if he was really cold, and he said no, that he just really had to go now, it had hit him out of nowhere. So we bustled on in, gave them our name and got the little buzzer, and he headed off to the bathroom. I may or may not have had a discreet public orgasm thinking about this.

At dinner, we had some hella spicey seasoned fries, that caused the downing of much soda. We finished dinner an hour before the movie, so we again went shopping. However, at the first store, I already was overwhelmed by desperation to the point that I didn't know if I was going to make it to the next store. Of course, it was the cold playing it up to worse than it was, and I probably would have been able to wait until we got to the theatre, but ya know.

Anyway, nothing too exciting, but I just wanted to share.

