The closest I have come to a fear wetting

Author: Barry

*000*2015-10-09 22:30

Fear wetting is discussed frequently, or at least occasionally.

I have contributed the story previously of the only sighting I have witnessed, which was more a shock reaction than actual fear. When I was about 13, during a game of chases in a maze like area of old pipes, I managed to catch a girl I was chasing by approaching in front of her around a blind corner, while she thought I was behind her. I grabbed her, she screamed, then ran behind some bushes saying she had to pee. When she emerged, she had wet her pants. It was a big accident, and the second time I had seen this girl wet herself, and it still is one of the hottest memories I have. (It feels weird to say that as I am talking about a minor, but I was a minor myself, and it's one of my first memories of realising that I was sexually aroused.)

But I digress. Fear wetting. You see it all the time on TV or in films, or read about it in books, but how often do you encounter it? For me, basically never apart from the incident mentioned above. But there was one incident in which I think I came close.

I was about 19. I was visiting a friend at his girlfriends house, who happened to live in a pretty rough area. I had parked in the driveway, and we were watching TV when we heard some commotion outside.

Every neighbourhood has its thugs and criminals, this one probably more so than most. One of the guys in this 'hood who had a very bad reputation was a local thug named Scott. He had a name for himself as a genuine hard case. He had been to jail a couple of times, including for assault. He was well known as a street brawler who didn't care, and was one of those guys you just didn't cross. I hadn't had the pleasure of meeting him, but knew him by sight and reputation.

He was drunk, and I think on speed as well. Walking down the street with his brother, and being very vocal about "smashing some &"@$! head in. He had seen my car, and for some reason his brother had told him that I was the one who had/done/said something and he should smash me. He was standing on the lawn outside and yelling for my friends GF to send me outside.

She refused, and told him to leave, but he was having none of it. He walked up the steps to the locked front door and demanded I come out. I tried to reason with him, but it was pointless. He was determined to "sort me out." I went back to the living room while my friend and his GF tried to reason with him at the door.

Suddenly he lunged straight past them and pushed through. Being as intoxicated as he was, he stumbled down the passage and ploughed into a cupboard, hard enough to break a door off. I was watching through a doorway when I heard the yelling, and suddenly saw him smash into the door right in front of me, all the time yelling for me to go outside.

I have to admit, I was terrified. I really thought that he wasn't only going to fight me, but honest to God hurt me badly, and I didn't know why.

When he smashed into the door and landed on the floor I jumped, and felt my sphincter muscles clench, just as if I had tried to cut off a stream of pee halfway through relieving myself.

The rest is a bit of a blur to be honest. My friend and his GF stepped between us, and she started yelling at him about pushing into her house and smashing her cupboard, screaming that she was calling the cops. Scotts brother was trying to pick him up and get him out, while he seemed to regain his senses and started to apologise. They eventually got him to leave with no further incident.

After it died down, I went to the toilet, where I found a wet patch about 2 inches around on my underpants. I was wearing light blue fleecey sweat pants, but had no visible stain on those.

But when I jumped back from fear, I must've released a small squirt of urine in my underwear.

That's as close as I've come to either seeing or experiencing a fear wetting.

