No regrets!

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-11-22 06:49

"Come onnnnnnn!!" Beth called from her room as I walked into her room wearing just my loose shirt, bra, and panties, exposing my long, pale, skinny legs to the cold air. Beth giggled and joyfully twirled around in the middle of her room wearing just her panties and her bra.

I smile and sit on her bed and she waits in the middle of the room. I tap my thumbs together while I stare at my panties thinking about all my horrible life decisions. I see a movement from the corner of my eye, I look up. Beth hitches up her panties revealing a super sexy cameltoe and a small wet dot appears. She looks up and puts on a proud grin from ear to ear as the wet patch slowly got bigger.

I ever so slowly begin letting pee dribble into my panties, just to give them a little wetness. Beth is rubbing her pussy through her panties and I'm standing there, hands on hips, letting my panties dampen slowly.

I hear the doorbell ring and make my way downstairs, Beth's moans disappear behind me as she orgasmed. I open the front for, completely forgetting I was only wearing my loose shirt, sexy bra, and panties (WHICH I was still slowly peeing in!!).

Alexis stands before me at my door. I pull Alexis inside my house and close the door behind her. I instantly brace her against the wall and begin ferociously making out with her. Our lips enveloping one another and our eyes dreamily closed. Alexis's legs are in between mine which made it too hard to conserve my pee. I completely release and watch, mortified, as my warm piss exploded through my panties and soaks into Alexis's sweatpants. She moans and fingers me through my panties.

I move my hips in and out to feel the pleasure more and feel the orgasm coming from a mile away. My hands hold Alexis's hips in place and rub her back. I feel a her hands on my wet ass and I giggle. And then I realized.. Alexis was fingering me... Yet there were two hands on my ass.. I swirl around and see Beth sitting there drooling at the sight before her.

Alexis stops fingering me, "who's this?" She asks.

"Oh! This is Beth! She's into wetting panties as well!"

"Fun stuff.." Alexis says cautiously.

"You must be Alexis" Beth bursts out.

Alexis stares at me, I tell Alexis about Beth and she becomes more trusting. And then I whisper in Alexis's ear how much I want to have sex with her. She nods and we start walking upstairs. Beth giddily follows.

Alexis shoves me down onto my bed, gets naked, and straddles me. Her hands tear my panties from my throbbing vagina and undresses me. Beth is in the corner of the room whimpering as she rubs her own vagina watching Alexis and I make love.

I look over at Beth and motion towards the bed. She smiles excitedly and jumps on the bed. Upon impact she grabs Alexis's breasts and kisses her. I seize the moment and throw myself onto my stomach and begin licking Alexis's clit. She moans and twitches. She starts fingering Beth and Beth pants and jolts for she's not used to it.

It was actually quite perfect. We continued having sex for another TWO HOURS!!!!!!! This has been the best three-way I've been in!! (And I've been in a few...)

*002*2014-11-24 04:54

Thanks!!

*005*2014-11-25 05:25

:O

*008*2014-12-20 10:01

Teehee :3

