Anecdotes of my ex - Birthday present

Author: gus74

*000*2013-01-24 02:09

As I told you in my previous post:

$/1671-anecdotes-of-mi-ex-at-the-office/

, I'll be writing some posts about the accidents my ex-girlfriend had in the 10 or so years that we lived together. She knew about my fetish, but most of this stories are about real accidents she had.

The next story happened a few most after the first one, the day of my birthday. At that time we were living in a zone of the city that floods when it rains too much (one block away from a subterranean river that overflows). That day my wife went out to buy some things for my birthday party while I stayed home, and in the meantime it begun to rain big time. She later told me that when she was coming home and saw that the water was beginning to accumulate in the street, she stop in a shop and bought a pair of flip-flops so her shoes didn't get wet. Then she continued her way home, and when she arrived to our building the water level was at her knees.

When she knocked, I opened the door and saw her standing in the hall with some bags in her hands. She was wearing shorts, a skirt and the flip-flops, and was completely wet. She told me to go and get her a towel, and to hurry up, while she stood still in the hallway. I guessed that she didn't wanted to go inside because we had "floating floor" and it gets ruined when gets wet. Except for the kitchen (just in front of the entrance), the bathroom (at the end of the hall) and the bedrooms, all the rest of the house had the same type of floor.

I went to our room, where we kept the towels, and yelled her that there were no towels there. She asked me to bring her anything, but please hurry, that she couldn't hold it. I didn't understood what she was talking about, but when I went back to the door she has already went inside the house and into the kitchen. I gave her a hand towel (the only thing that I found) but she told me with a strange look in her eyes "It doesn't matter, I can't make it". And then she looked down and begun to pee right in front of me, with her legs closed together, throw her rain soaked shorts and into the kitchen floor, then raised her eyes and looked me with a poor wet (literally speaking) face and bitting the hand towel. I didn't noticed it at the time, but when she finished there was a pool of her own pee at her feet (below you can see a picture that proves it, I tried to play with lightning and contrast so the borders can be seen better)

As she already knew my interest in wetting, my first though was that she was doing it on purpose, but then I understood that no, that all that water falling from the sky and running around her feet and all over her and soaking her clothes was just too much, and the "can't make it" meant that she couldn't hold it long enough to dry herself with the towel and walk all the way to the bathroom.

Anyway, there was nothing really visible, because she was already soaked, but I think I can't complain, can I?

Gus

*002*2013-01-24 12:07

Yes, and from another forum, but I though it would be interesting to tell them again here, since most of them are not there anymore

