Dribbling in school

Author: toxiclightning

*000*2014-03-01 02:20

So today at school i almost wet my pants. I was drinking alot of water that morning, because i didnt eat breakfast. and in school, i was drinking a bottle of water in 2nd period, i started to have the need but not too bad so i decided to wait.3rd period was ok i just watched the movie and didnt pay attention to my bladder. then theres lunch, i then decide to test myself and make myself desperate on purpose, "the awesome omorashi test" i drank another bottle of water, and two juice boxes. then 5th period rolls around, i start to get the need again. now time skip to 7th period. i cant stay still my bladder hurts and i have a test today. i really like the feeling,then little by little dribbles start to force their way out of me. its the middle of the test and i cant leave, so i squeeze my legs together.

That didnt work for long, i hear someone ask to go to the bathroom. the teacher says no, so that means itll be no for me. so i wait till next period, i ask the teacher if i can go to the bathroom as soon as i see him, he says i have announcements to make so youll be the first one. so i sit down and wait 10 min squiming and dribbling, there was a little wet patch on my pants. and as soon as he was done i blurt out canipleasegotothebathroom really fast, he says slow down and yes hurry. i felt my face get hot, i grab the pass and run out of there. as soon as i get to the bathroom run into a stall, yank down my pants, and pee for the longest time. it felt so good.

*002*2014-03-01 05:40

Thank you:3

*007*2014-03-10 02:21

Oh its happened before people dont care they know its always the teachers fault if anyone ever does it so there will only be a little embarresment

*009*2014-03-10 20:48

Yeah but ive seen alot of close calls people dashing out of the room without permission holding their crotch it's not that rare

*011*2014-03-10 20:52

Yeah it is cute.

