Indian Desperation Sighting

Author: Ranganath

*000*2014-09-23 09:38

Hi everyone, This is my first post on this site. :) I have been a lurker here for quite some time so I thought I would be better off joining :).My English is not that well so please point out any errors I have made in order to help me improve :)The following story is a true event that I witnessed while living in Madurai ( A City in South India).The women, not just there but in India in general, are extremely Self-Conscious and Decent, and, as such, do not normally talk about any kind of Bodily Functions, whatsoever..

It all started when I went to pick up my girlfriend Shruthi from the train station. She lives in Mangalore, another city quite far from my own (About 15 hours by train). She's 19 years old, and studies BHM in a college over there, whereas I am studying a BSc over here. She arrived looking truly beautiful, in a white T-shirt and denim blue jeans. After picking her up from the station we talked for a while and I offered to take her for breakfast ( It was about 9:30 in the morning at the time ), but strangely she refused.

"Have you eaten already", I asked her

"No",she replied, with a strange expression on her face, " I'd just rather go home and wash up first,... besides I'm not feeling too well either."

"What happened?" I inquired, genuinely concerned

"Nothing it's fine",she replied in an unconvincing tone,"Just that the food on the train was kinda bad and my stomach's feeling kind of odd...".

"Oh..." I replied, not wanting to make her uncomfortable by asking more questions...

With that I walked to a nearby roadside wala (vendor), bought a bottle of Bisleri Mineral Water for the ride, caught a nearby auto and, after haggling over the price for a while, settled for a fee which was still blatant daylight robbery, loaded her luggage in, got in with her and left.

Before I continue, let me tell you all that my house is not exactly 'close' to the train station by any means. As in India, the train stations are quite dirty and many people defecate on the tracks, the train stations are kept on the outskirts of the cities, far away for the majority of the urban populace. My house is a small apartment building, about 3 floors high, crammed in between a supermarket and another building, in the very heart of the city.

After about 20 minutes in the auto, Shruthi ( who had been intermittently gulping from the 2 Liter water bottle I had bought), began to look uncomfortable. Up until that point we had been chatting casually but soon her expression became relatively strained and she grew silent. Not wanting to overstep my Boundaries but at the same time concerned, I asked again..

"Hey, Shruthi", she turned to face me, " Are you sure your'e Okay?"

"Yeah sure I am! How come? Is something wrong?", she said.

Understanding that she really didn't want to talk to me about what was bothering her, I dropped the topic, the mood once again drifting into the zone of an unbreakable Awkward silence.

After 5 minutes more, She turned to me and said,..

"Hey,babe..., How much longer do you think it will be until we reach home?"

"Dunno, about half an hour more, we're still in the city outskirts.", I replied."How come?"

Realizing that she couldn't hide her predicament from me anymore she turned to face me, and whispered in a hushed and rather ashamed voice..

"Um... I actually kind of have to use the bathroom...",She said," It's becoming pretty bad... I haven't gone since I got on the train",

"Really?" I asked, shocked. "How is that even possible, the journey was almost 15 hours long, right?",I inquired.

"Um... Yeah", she said, "But I really didn't drink that much, you know how the toilets are in those trains", she told me.

"And on top of that, I think I kind of went overboard with this Bisleri, after not having anything to drink for so long", she said smiling, as both of our eyes turned to look at the almost empty 2 Liter Water bottle, lying between us on the seat.

I turned away, looking out of the side of the auto, eyes scouring the roadside for a 'sulabh' (toilet). Within a matter of seconds I saw one. Instantly I turned to the auto driver and said "Bhai, idher rukh, ekh minute wait". As he slowed down the auto and the roar of the engine decreased to a mild hum, Shruthi pinched me tightly and said,

"It's fine, keep going"

"Huh??", I said , giving her a confused look.

"Seriously, get this auto going now", she said, in a rather disgruntled tone.

After giving the auto driver a nod to continue I turned to her, annoyed, and said;

"What was that? I thought you said you needed to use the bathroom."

"I do..." She said, looking truly distraught, "But.."

"But what?", I snapped

"But...",she continued,"Remember I told you about the train food... Well honestly, that's not sitting too well with me...,please don't make me spell it out for you I'm embarrassed enough as it is."

Still not fully understanding the situation ,but not wanting to piss her off more, I shut my mouth and looked out of the side.

About 30 minutes later, we were caught in a traffic jam, about a kilometer from my flat, the traffic packed just as tightly as Shruthi's hands between her thighs.

She was rocking back and forth on the seat, still trying to maintain her composure, when suddenly she let out a little gasp.

"Are you okay?", I asked again.

"No!", she replied, rocking back and forth and on the verge of tears, "How far is your flat from here?"

"About a kilometer", I replied.

Just like that she leapt out of the auto and, standing there in the street, pulled out a few crumpled 500 Rupee bills from her tight jean pockets, handed them over to the driver, turned to me and said, "Come on Let's walk."

Not wanting to aggravate her further I got her luggage and stepped out onto the busy road and began leading her to my flat.

The moment we reached the ground floor of my flat she asked me (or rather gasped out)

"Floor?"

To which I replied,

"It's the 2nd one to the right on the 3rd floor, could you maybe lend a hand with these...."

And just like that, before I even knew it she was sprinting up the stairs, 2 at a time.

"Okay", I muttered to myself, "Thanks a lot for the help"

I slowly walked up the flights of stairs lugging the baggage behind me and finally reached the third floor where I saw Shruthi sitting on the stairs with her hands between her legs and her torso gently rocking back and forth. She wrenched one hand free from the vice-like grip of her thighs, extended it to me and asked for the keys.

I set down the bags and began rummaging through my pockets for the keys but alas, none were to be found. Knowing just how pissed off Shruthi would be if I told her this I kept searching until finally she caught on.

"WHERE ARE THE KEYS", she almost screamed in her thick kannadiga (accent relating to the state where she's from) accent.

"I must have dropped them at the airport" , I replied,"But seriously don't worry, my landlord lives just about a block away, he's got a spare set, he'll be here within 5 minutes", I said, taking out my phone and sending him a message.

"That's too long" she said, tears almost rolling down her cheeks, "Does your roof have a bathroom?", she asked desperately.

"I think so", I replied, and began leading her up onto the roof.

The moment that we reached she ran around the corner and began frantically searching for a bathroom. When she finally found one, she tugged on the handle, a second away from relief, but it didn't budge. I was standing right besides her. Gently nudging her, I pushed her to the side and pushed on the door with all my strength but to no avail.

"Shruthi look, I'm really sorry about all of this but I swear, just wait a minute or two the landlord will come."

"I can't wait that long baby", she said between sobs, "SERIOUSLY!! I haven't used the bathroom in almost a day, I drank like, two FULL liters of water in the auto, and..."

"And what babe?", I asked tentatively...

"That fucking train food has been trying to escape for HOURS", she moaned, just as she keeled over and clutched her stomach.

"Oh..." was all I could say,now fully understanding the severity of the situation. I thought of what I could possibly do to help but nothing whatsoever came to mind.

I sat there silently, as Shruthi sobbed softly by my side. Suddenly she gasped and the sobbing intensified. She lept to her feet and with both legs crossed and one hand on her rear, she squeaked,"Babe, wait here PLEASE!!!", and ran off to another corner.

I got up and began following her when suddenly she dashed behind a small partition of the roof (My roof is filled with various partitions, each coming up to about waist level) and, still in full view, (owing to the height of the partition), unbuckled her belt, pulled down her jeans and squatted.

Her head, still fully visible, turned as she looked to ensure that there was nobody in the vicinity, when her eyes fell on me.

"What the hell are you doing?GO BACK!!!" she shouted angrily, as she tried to stand up, bending over to pull her jeans back up.

But it was far too late. The reservoir of piss that she had been holding back for so long, was let loose the moment that she squatted down.

As I was looking at her face, <yelling at me to go back>, a loud hissing sound cut through the air. Her face turned red with embarrassment and she turned the other way, unable to stop the flow. After about a minute and a half, the noise ceased yet still, she remained squatting. Curious, I approached, peering over the partition to see if she was okay.

With her ass close to the ground, and a relieved expression on her face, I instantly realized what was happening and hastily turned away, lest she catch me watching and I end up a single man.

I went back to where I was before she left and sat, unbelievably aroused.

When she finally returned, she didn't say a single word to me. Instead she hobbled down to the flat where my landlord was now waiting. The moment I got the key and opened the door, she hurried to the bathroom, albeit still walking.

When she had finally cleaned up, she came out of the bathroom wearing another pair of pants, and sat down next to me on the sofa.

"Are you pissed off?", I asked her, to which she replied "Nope, chill Baby, just feeling kind of ashamed....".

I told her that it was okay and that there was no need to feel ashamed as such things happen to everyone..

She blew my WORLD when she replied that she was not ashamed because of what she did, but because of how turned on she felt when she knew I was watching.

That moment was undoubtedly the happiest moment of my life as she turned to me, crossed one leg over my lap, and kissed me passionately.

As we stumbled to the bedroom, drunk with arousal, I asked

"How come you're pants are different?"

"Oh these,", she gasped, while rubbing my crotch and singlehandedly removing her aqua green chinos,

"Didn't really make it.."

Too turned on to ask anymore questions, I led her into my room where we had the best sex of my life.

She has long since been not just okay with, but pleased by my thing for omorashi. She has told me countless incidents of desperation that happened in her past, many involving her hostel bunk mates :P. I will be happy to share these if requested.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________

The main reason that I told this story however is so that other Indians could recount their experiences and sightings. I know for a fact that numerous women become extremely desperate in public and quite a few even wet themselves. I know that there are other Indian users on Omorashi.org and I request them to please share their experiences.

Thank you :)

*002*2014-09-24 09:38

Cool will post that as soon as possible :)

*004*2014-09-24 16:51

Shukriya Seneca, thanks a lot

*005*2014-09-25 12:12

Thanks a lot Seneca . I actually posted another story about 3 days back about another experience with a friend of mine back in High school, but it's still not being displayed. Am I doing something wrong or is certain content not allowed on this site? That story was far more tame than this one so I'm truly baffled . Any help would be deeply appreciated. Thanks again

