My desperation experience this weekend

Author: tortoise

*000*2015-07-05 20:09

This weekend I went with my friends. They have a rule that all drinks must be drunk whenever they're bought and in a certain time too. This means that often we would go out, have a drink, go elsewhere, have another drink - a lot of drinks in a short period of time. On this particular weekend, I had drunk a coffee with my breakfast, a coca cola before we left, and then two further cokes while we were out. We then got into the car to set off. The roads were quite busy as there was a festival taking place and so we were driving slowly and my bladder was filling quickly.

We pulled into traffic and I'd become bursting quickly - all the liquid plus a small/weak bladder wasn't helping. I got to the point where I was aching surprisingly fast, my bladder swollen – it hurt just for my seatbelt to brush against me down below! Plus, every time my friends made me laugh I could feel all the pressure beginning to rush down and my muscles boring to let out this ocean of piss.

I'm quite a panicky person when I'm desperate - but I hate admitting I need to go. So there I was, slumped in my seat (stretching my bladder is the only way to relieve the pressure weirdly) with a death grip on my thighs, my muscles trembling. Every time I tried to speak my breath would be hitching and I'd be breathing and panting to get through it. My friends had no idea what was going on despite how I was acting... They talked to me as normal. I couldn't focus whatsoever. My bladder was pulling and I could feel my piss coming whenever I focused on the girls so I had no choice but to ignore them.

Every minute felt like a hour, despite the three of us only being in the car for about thirty minutes. By the time we were nearly at our destination (a garden centre) I was in tears. Course, my friends knew by then but they were no help.

We got there, and it took all of my might not to let out a squirt as I got out – even though my pee was just on the edge from coming out. I had to hobble to the bathrooms due to the swell of my bladder all the while trying to force back any contractions that would let me pee. I just couldn't bring myself to purposefully wet or do anything omo related in front of my friends.

In the privacy of the bathroom with the my relief getting closer, I admit, I indulged in a 'little' spurt into my pants.. well, if you could call 'a little spurt' a long streak down my thigh – it hurt to stop it. I was dancing as I undid my pants, dying to relax – but as soon as I sat... my stream wasn't coming. It took about a minute, a minute of relaxing aching muscles and pushing the hard swell of my bladder but I did start to pee pretty heavily. I'm sorry that I don't really know how long it lasted, but it was longer than usual – and I usually only have short pees of 20-30-40 seconds or something, nothing major – this felt like it went on for way longer and the stream was thundering and hot in the toilet. My piss had made the water go all bubbly and it was so relieving - my legs were weak and wobbly with relief. I had to hurry as the sound of my harsh pee was making my friend desperate to go too.

Overall, it was an experience I'd repeat – but only by myself. After this long pee and hold I had to pee more than usual for me, even if I was going for just a trickle. I'm sorry that I couldn't indulge properly... I didn't get pictures or videos or anything...

*005*2015-07-07 21:58

A sneaky update.....

Wow - I didn't expect a response like this to my little recount! – in fact, my first taste of full on desperation to be fair.

For this, I'll try and elaborate a bit more :) I feel like I didn't describe the feeling well enough. This is my own fault, as I was a little cautious about writing in such great detail. I had company when I first wrote that post so I had to be sneaky! Now that I have no company I feel like I could detail the story a pinch more :)

I have serious incontinence problems. You'd think this would be a good thing, considering that I like omorashi... At the point of this situation, it was not. My problem also means I'm very conscious about holding it. Therefore, this was really my first taste of real 'I'm not gonna make it!' panic... desperation.. humiliation!

I felt so, so bloated on that journey. Every breath I took seemed to shake up my bladder further – and holding didn't help, just hurt. The more I held onto my bursting bladder – the harder the desperation drove into me and if possible I was trembling even more so I had to hold my thighs tight. I was so nervous that I'd be jumping at anything my friends had said. The driver up front wasn't any help – it was occasionally a bumpy ride, which only caused my bladder to contract and it was hell trying to force my aching, weak muscles to hold anything back. It was a miracle I did! Okay - a panicky, tearful miracle, but a miracle none the less!

In my post I mention that my friends were making me laugh. I did laugh, but it was quite forced and breathy – and again, every laugh caused a burning pearl of piss to come.

Gravity weighing down on me as I finally, finally got out of the car was a very odd sensation. As I mentioned before, I was hobbling. Unlike what others usually would do in this situation – clamp their legs tight – I had to spread mine! If I brought my legs in tight it'd aggravate the swollen piss bump between my legs instead... though, no kidding, my legs were weak and muscles burning and shaky! My entire body was!

Walking to the garden centre was driving me insane. I swore I could hear my own piss sloshing in my bladder as I walked and that was what was bringing on those extra desperate contractions. Not a pleasant experience. I felt so, so helpless, and so needy to let loose right there. Looking back, I'm sure that fantasising of just wetting away the ocean in my bladder wasn't a good idea when I was A) still trying to hold and B) not wanting to partake in omorashi situations with my friends...

It is interesting to note that the situation I went through - unable to let go - is so common. It really is common for me, and I hate it so much! The blessed relief in the toilet.. The spurts I wet my knickers with were tiny compared to what first came out when I started rubbing my bladder to let go properly while on the toilet. I could feel I was so full, and it hurt so bad to touch the bulge, and I was shivering with the anticipation for relief. Rather than trickling out my first spurt, like what usually happens when I have an 'average pee' - a gush splattered out into the toilet.

There was a pause. My muscles were twitching, and soon after is what caused my thunder of a piss to begin. The relief! I never tend to shiver while I pee – though, I've heard, that is common too – but as soon as the pee was all finished up, I let out a sigh that I didn't realise I was holding. THEN I shivered! And then, as I mentioned, I had to hurry out for my desperate friend. :) I like to think it was my own actions and the sound of my harsh stream that caused her to need to go too.

As I said - it was my first true panic that I actually wouldn't make it to the toilet – I haven't really practised 'holding it in' and haven't felt true, true desperation like this. It was torture! I'm still not a fan. I'm more a fan of other-people-omorashi. Haha!

