Best Night Ever!

Author: Guest Whitney Adam

*000*2011-01-09 04:24

Last night was the Best Night Ever!!!!!! My boyfriend and I whent and saw a movie together. I had decided that this was the day that I would intentionally wet my self infront of him as I had wanted to for a long time. I was so nervous I couldn't watch the movie. Finally it was over and we went out to our cars and he asked if I wanted to go back to his house. His parents were out of town for the weekend. I was really nervous, but he didnt seem to notice. we got back to his house and hung out for a bit talking and stuff. I had been holding my pee for a long time for this and I was starting to squirm. He asked if I was alright. Then I did it. I stood up and said "I want to pee in my pants right now" his reply was "Ok..."(the kind of ok that you say when someone says something that makes you wonder if theyre on drugs)I sat on his lap backwards looking into his face, put a hand on his (amazing) chest and looked down at my crotch. 

Then I let it out. A small wet spot appeared on my crotch. It slowly got bigger and bigger. Soon it was running down my leggs and soaking his jeans. Then I could see that he was starting to get aroused. I leaned forward and kissed him long and slowly. Then he pulled his hands out from behind him (I hadnt noticed until then that he had been sitting on his hands)and put them around me kissing me fiercely. Then... it escilated. One thing lead to another and we were in his bedroom kissing. He rubbed his hands all over my wet jeans while we kissed and I loved it. Then, heart pounding I broke our embrase. He gave me a questioning look. Then his eyes widened as I unzipped my pants to reveal my wet panties. I dropped my jeans to the floor. He removed his shirt. I spared his beautiful abs a glance before proceding to remove all wet (and not wet) clothing. He undressed and... I think the rest is self explanitory. It was the best night ever!

