My Best Friend's Sister

Author: wetwulf

*000*2011-02-11 04:05

One of my favorite past times in high school was to go over my me friend Mike's house and play some back yard baseball. Oh yeah, and to hit on his hot older sister, Shannon. Mike made me promise not to ever try anything with her as part of the best friend code. I kept my word, but it wasn't always easy.

One summer afternoon, we were all sitting outside, too hot to play ball. I was sitting on the porch swing, enjoying an ice cold glass of tea when Shannon stepped out of the house in a tight, dark-blue one-piece bathing suit. Bikinis are great, but the way that one-piece hugged her curvy figure was almost too much to handle. Her gorgeous breasts were almost too large for the suit and pressed the front of it to its limit. I could barely see her stiff nipples pushing against the fabric. I placed the ice cold glass against by thigh to cool things down a bit. I caught sight of Mike as he glared at me, warning me not to look for too long. I couldn't help it.

Mike finished off his glass of tea and stood up. "I'm going in for a refill. You want some more?"

"Sure," I said and handed him my glass. I braved another glance at Shannon as she spread her towel across the lawn chair in the yard, preparing to add some color to her already lovely skin.

"Okay, fella, maybe you should come in with me," Mike said, grinning. He grabbed me by the arm and yanked me through the door. I did not take my eyes from her, though, as he dragged me along. "What did I say to you, huh? She's off limits, okay?"

"I'm sorry, dude. She's just so... hot." Mike refilled our glasses and sighed. "Let's go play some video games and maybe that can take your mind off of her."

Once in his room, Mike switched on the Playstation. We were deep into our game when, without warning, his sister's face flashed in my mind. I imagined her sprawled out on the lounge chair, eyes closed, licking tiny beads of sweat from her lips as the sunlight caressed her delightful curves. I tossed around some ideas in my head of how I was going to get another peek at her. Finally, I chose the most desperate one.

"Uh, I've got to go to the bathroom."

"You don't have to tell me, dude, just go. This isn't school." I darted quickly out of Mike's room and down the hall to the bathroom. Lucky for me, his bathroom window looked out on the side of the yard where his lovely sister was soaking up rays. I pulled the curtain away and peered out at her. She was sitting up in her seat a little, giving me another great view of her breasts. Her behavior was strange, however. She seemed to be looking around for something. Was she looking for me? Was she hoping I would come back out and join her? Not likely. She leaned forward a little as if she were trying to see around the house. She didn't seem to notice me, however.

What happened next I will never forget. She lay back on the lawn chair and closed her eyes. I thought maybe she was just getting comfortable again to enjoy the sun more. Her legs squirmed a little and she spread them apart. My eyes were immediately drawn to her now exposed crotch, barely covered by the bathing suit. Then, the dark-blue color grew darker as the material glistened in the sunlight. Oh my God! She was wetting in her bathing suit, right in front of me. I stared as the wet spot grew. The bathing suit was only able to hold so much and tiny streams of urine spread from the sides and caressed her inner thighs. The towel beneath her soaked up the stream as it fell from between her legs. A few small drops fell underneath the seat and disappeared into the grass.

I took my eyes away from between her legs long enough to see her face. She was smiling and licking her lips, just as I had dreamed. She seemed to be in total ecstasy as she continued her pee in her bathing suit.

"Dude, are you okay in there?" Mike's voice brought me away from the window. I flushed the toilet to make it sound more authentic and splashed some cold water on my face from the sink.

I was never able to look at Shannon again without imagining her deliberate wetting. Eventually, Mike and I drew apart. A few years after, his sister got married and moved out of state. I haven't seen her since, but I always wonder if her husband has been as lucky as me.

