My intense desperate evening

Author: Anti-SJW (211)

*000*2013-01-22 06:56

Kind of a long night - Perhaps a little 'too long; didn't read' for most. But I put effort into this.

I already had to pee a bit when the thought struck me. I should just make my own video tonight. So I decided to play it for everything I could. I lined up several drinks for myself, and drank a decent amount before going to my room. I started needing to pee an hour earlier. Not sure how much I had inside me. I ended up drinking two cups of Earl Grey tea, before going to get another. I drank a bottle of water, out of the four I had, as well as one of the two glasses of water. I knew that if I kept drinking quickly I would fill quickly - it's always been an issue, it seems... I almost feel as if i'm on diuretics when I drink a lot. xD

Anyway, I gave myself time. It stretched from 9:00 PM to 10:30, and my bladder was bulging a little from the liquids I had been taking in. I knew I would need to relieve myself soon, or I would ruin my shorts. So instead, I switched to my only pair of jeans. They're loose, but comfortable. I even took some pictures of my bladder... And a video or two. ;)

Before I switched to jeans:

After: (( will post video as soon as it's approved ))

Anyway, it went to about 11:30. And continuously drinking, but not too heavily. I now only have two water bottles left, but my bladder is in serious pain. I didn't think I could last another minute - But I forced myself to hold it until my downloads were finished. The pain was intense, and very arousing. I lasted another thirty minutes where I thought I would have wet myself badly. I thought I was going to burst once, but I managed to keep it in, thus I had a camera cut for no reason. I'll post that too.

(( To be announced ))

So I laid back down... But only for ten more minutes. I drank my final tea. That was it, I couldn't stop shaking. My bladder intensely hurt, and I couldn't press on it without leaking a little more. It was hopeless to continue, as my jeans were getting quite wet. So I stood up, turned my camera on, and released.

(( Again, to be announced ))

It felt so incredibly good to relieve myself, even if it was in my jeans. The puddle made it through my towel. And my jeans were thoroughly soaked. Just... Watch the video. xD

And I have to rush because i'm desperate for a pee again, and my bladder is weaker now. So before I wet myself in my bed... I'll go. xD Thank you for reading!

*004*2013-01-23 17:50

For anyone who is interested, the videos can be found here.

%https://omorashi.org/files/file/1298-nh-wetting/

