Litterally just a few minutes ago...

Author: TowelBoy

*000*2014-02-10 08:29

So I think it's best if I just jump right into this without trying to explain before hand so I don't confuse myself.

I have been in to Omorashi for as long as I can remember. im 20, by the way, just to give you a frame of reference.

See, i'm not the bigest fan of my mother. She and I have plenty of arguements and we can both be pretty stubborn. In this instance, we had a little tiff over a bit of food that I had made and had leftovers for, but she ate them without asking before I could get home. So here I am, late at night, just fuming in anger after our little spat when I notice I need to use the bathroom, really bad.

On any normal day, I would have just walked to the bathroom and done what was needed. Tonight however, my mother's room was too cold, so she decided to sleep in the living room. To get to the bathroom, I would need to pass the living room, and that was one interaction with mother that I was just not wanting to happen. So my mind was racing and my legs were crossing as I tried to figure out what to do.

It's then that I remember that I still have a few towels in my laundry basket. As much as I would love love LOVE to just let myself go in my normal clothes, I don't want to risk my mother finding out what I was doing. I removed my pants and grabbed two towels. One I set on the floor, the other I wrapped around myself in a makeshif diaper. Again, I can't risk there being too suspicious a mess.

So here I am, sitting on my floor and just trying to release, and I'm finding it the hardest thing to do. I was so nervous, and still am as I look down at the now used towels as I type. It was then that I remembered that I have been checking this place out for a few days now. I decided that if I'm not going to do anything, I might as well open my computer and make an account. As I crawled over to my bed, something must have happened to the stress or positioning of my bladder, because it just started flowing and I couldn't make it stop. I was half way through making an account, hanging over the side of my bed and peeing into a towel made into a diaper.

As the pee began to run down my leg I became a bumbling mess. It was all I could do to keep myself upright for the whole minute (maybe) that it took my bladder to empty. I eventually sat down and just reveled in what I had just done for a while.

Now, I have an account, I'm telling my own story, and im still shaking while I type. I hope you all can enjoy this little tale as much as I enjoyed participating in it.

*002*2014-02-12 18:28

Heh, thank you very much. I'm glad you liked it.

I'm still on Trial so things will probably be long gone by the time this posts but I'm planning on doing it again here in a few minutes because I really have to go and I have the house to myself for now.

