Lovely Night I Had

Author: Krystal

*000*2013-08-12 03:50

It all started around 9 pm last night.

I was watching the movie Ghost Rider on DVD.

I was wearing a pair of tight green jeans, a white tank top, and a pair of thin white socks.

I paused the movie about a quarter of the way through to go and get something to drink.

I didn't want to put it in a glass because then I would have had to keep going back to the kitchen to get more.

So instead, I got a big bottle and filled it up with fruit juice and I drank that up rather quickly,

For some reason I went to get more, even knowing I would probably have to pee really badly later.

I drank some more and then refilled it to the top; I guess I must have been really thirsty.

Well, about halfway through the movie the liquid started filling up my bladder, and I began to feel the urge to pee.

I didn't want to stop watching the movie again because it was at a really good part, so I just stuck my hand down between my legs and started pressing it onto my crotch as I was shifting back and forth on the couch a bit.

About 20 minutes later, I had moved a pillow down between my legs and clamped them tightly onto it because by now

I really had to pee, but I still kept drinking. It was getting close to the end of the movie and at this point I had both hands down inside of my unbuttoned jeans, pressing into my crotch on the outside of my orange panties.

Once i started to rub my, umm, bits through my panties, I was getting a bit horny, but much more desperate.

I tried to stay focused on the movie and scooted over to the edge of the couch.

I removed my hand from inside of the waistband of my jeans and sat on my heel, pressing my foot into my crotch instead.

It didn't help much because I was really desperate by now.

I knew I couldn't hold on much longer, so I moved myself to the floor and peeled off my jeans just before I had to let it loose.

It started just like it always does for me, as little dribbles but then, as the stream really began to flow out of me, it suddenly turned into a full torrent of hot pee which made a small pool underneath me as I sat there wetting myself.

As I let it all out, the sensation seemed heavenly to me, and I actually reached an orgasm as the stream subsided and started to turn into separate little droplets as it finished up.

After i recovered a bit, I went and hopped into the shower to clean up, then jumped into my bed and drifted off into a lovely slumber.

Hope you enjoyed, Couldn't have done this without Frosty !

Krystal

*007*2013-09-02 13:53

That's for all the replies boys and girls ^~^ I might watch another movie soon because I really like them :P

Lots of love to all

Krystal

*011*2013-09-02 18:59

Thank you all ! I would post pictures but I dont own a camera ^^

Krystal

