Friend wetting

Author: Lips

*000*2012-07-09 01:43

Alrighty, I remember someone on here asking me if anyone has had an accident in front of me.(my mom doesn't count! just cause..well, she's my mom >_>)

And i didn't think of it until now. so here's the story.

A few years ago, My friend was over (keep in mind we were like 11-13 at the time,I don't remember the age exactly) and we was watching TV in my room and I had a glass of water sitting on my dresser.she then said she had to pee badly. but i didn't see any signs of desperation..or maybe i wasn't paying attention at the time. so i teased her with my glass of water holding it up to her. she said stopped and cracked up, I did see desperation. and the next thing i know, she's peeing herself and i was shocked at the time (I wasn't aroused by it because at the didn't do holding as much as i do now).

She did go to the bathroom to empty out the rest of her bladder though. yep..so that was the only time i ever saw someone had an accident in front of me.

*002*2012-07-09 02:35

{{:

How much did she release in front of you before she emptied out the rest in the bathroom?

}}

Enough to be a huge dark spot on the front and back of her pants.

*005*2012-07-29 23:32

{{:

Can you tell us what happent to your mom ? :p

}}

Lol no....O-o just cause iwell..she's my mom >_> must i need to say more? lol

*007*2012-07-30 02:11

No....just no.. >_> (seriously..no lol) just the thought of a 50 year old women having an accident is not worth telling, esp if she's my mom <_<

Now, If it's someone OUTSIDE of my family like a friend or an associate or whatever, then yeah, i dont mind telling stories about them, however, when it comes to my family, it's off limits, just cause, my family + my fetish = uh..what the...? O-o nothing against my fetish and family of course, i just prefer them not be combined together, cause it's awkward for me. nothing personal.

*010*2012-07-30 04:28

{{:

I'm I the only one who doesn't wan't to hear about it? Family, and sex are things I never like to combine. Making someone feel awkward, just for something like a small story isn;t worth. I wouldn't do it, but hey I get worked up by all sorts of things.

}}

Thanks Takano

{{:

No problem. If it's that awkward, there's no need.

Though you'll have to do double time to cover for it. ;D

}}

Lol double time...eh, i might think about it >_> but just to cover for it? nope! :3

