Wet in car

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-10-04 18:28

I had to go far away this week. I went by car and I knowed I cloudn't do any omo activity. But because it took 5 hours to get there, I wanted to, at leas, do something at the way back.

The last day, I was drinking whole morning. When everything ended and everybody left (me too), I stopped the car away from the road and changed my clothes. I took normal shirt, leggins, wellies and raincoat pants. So I could pee my pants, but I won't pee seat. The pee will flow through the raincoat pants into the wellies.

I had two bottles at the second seat and I was still drinking. After about half hour of drive, I needed to pee. So I started. I was enjoying the pee leaking into my pants. But I didn't felt hot pee coming down my legs and when I finished peeing, I still felt hot pee in my panties. I looked down. It couldn't work as I was expecting. I wasn't sitting to have my legs straight down. You propably everybody knows how car seats looks. There is hollow in it, so the pee has to flow UP my legs to the knees and then finally down to wellies. So there was a puddle in my pants, that couldn't go away. But I didn't mind, pulled them up to be sure the pee won't flow away through the top hole and continued driving and drinking.

As the time went, I needed again. This time, I decided to hold it. But I was drinking so much, that I lose control in while. Then I make two bigger peeings and small one when I was almost at home. When I stopped the car and opened the doors, I wanted to leave the car, but then I realised that there is huge puddle of pee in my pants. I was thinking a while what to do, but then I normally put the legs out of my car and stand up.

It must be about three liters or more of pee. It was amazing feeling when all the pee have in one moment went down my legs into the wellies. My leggins were totaly wet, as the pee was flowing all around the. And I liked the pee in my wellies, so I decided not to change clothes and I stayed in it for about two more hours.

It was amazing and I recomend you to try it too

