My First Outdoor Pee!

Author: KimbaStarshine

*000*2014-03-20 00:56

Well, I'm rather proud of myself, as I decided to do something I've been wanting to for a while: pee outside. I know most people probably take that for granted, especially guys, but I'd never done it. I'd only attempted it once, during a ''backyard'' campout when I was about 14-15. But my bladder is a bit shy, there was a bug next to me, plus I didn't know girls were supposed to squat, not get down on their knees :P. I couldn't do it, and ended up going inside to the bathroom. (I ended up sleeping inside too; I like my own bed.)

Anyway, fast forward to today, when I decided to do my first all-day hold. It seems I have a pretty strong bladder. It didn't feel much different than when I get up in the morning and have to go. The only real urges came after pooping and some minor ones after standing up.

Around dusk I went outside and started walking around my family's rather long driveway, which I often do for exercise. I kept returning to one spot which I figured would be secluded enough to go, between two cars in the gravel part of the driveway. But it's hard to work up courage! What if one of my parents came outside looking for me when I was in the middle of peeing?

I'd originally gotten the idea the other day to sit at the edge of a wooden glider we have and pee onto the grass; I'd figured it would be easier than squatting. But it was wet from the rain, plus it faces the living room windows, and my mom was taking a good long time to close the blinds for the night. Eventually I squatted down clothed a couple times just to get a feel for it, I didn't think I'd be able to go in that uncomfortable position, and tugged at my pajama pants, also in some kind of preparation.

Finally I dropped my pants and underwear and squatted in the rocks, holding onto the truck next to me to keep my balance and trying to keep my clothes out of the way. It took me awhile to relax, I could feel what seemed to be a few drops in my private parts, but finally my stream began splattering on the rocks below. After a few moments though I thought I felt pee on my leg or something, and stopped. But I'd still achieved success!

However, that little taste of course left me hungry for more, and I wanted to do it again. Finally I worked up the couarge to move to a slighlty different spot and and finish - or mostly finish, my bladder can be funny like that when it's really full. It was a rather strange but pretty good feeling I guess, with the cold wind blowing on my butt.

...I sort-of apologize if I got any piddle on my father's slippers which I am fond of wearing outside. I didn't smell any on them though. :P

*004*2014-03-20 17:10

My bladder still feels unusually sore today so I hope I didn't hurt myself in the holding process.

*005*2014-03-21 02:14

I feel sort of paranoid now because I realized that if my one neighbor happened to come out of her house there's a small chance she could have seen me due to the position of her house from mine... I just have a real worry-wart personality :P

*008*2014-03-21 10:25

{{ 

Without knowing the local culture of where you live, I would suggest simply playing it off. If she did see something, she might have said something right away and you would have heard something by now. If someone does confront you just play it off. Act indignant. Like, "Uh, no. What's she smoking?"

Even if your family has a close relationship with your neighbors, unless you have a history of dishonesty or doing questionable things, I'm sure your family will let it slide.

}}

I doubt she saw anything, it's just my paranoid personality really. Her house is oddly situated behind and to one side of my mine, you can cross the other's neighbor's yard to get to it, roughly 100 feet or so. I doubt anyone would have been coming out of her house at dark unless to go somewhere in the car, and I didn't hear any vehicles starting.

It's just my nature to worry really. I tend to be modest about my body - even at the YMCA I change in a bathroom stall instead of in the open of the locker room - so realizing there's even a slight chance I might have been seen doing something naughty sort of fills me with regret and embarrassment. Next time I'll know not to go in that one part of the driveway I suppose.

*009*2014-03-22 01:02

Decided to forget about any slight chances of being seen and do it again tonight. The second time is definitely less fun than the first. :P Plus my bladder decided to be shy and wouldn't let much out.

*011*2014-03-22 10:45

{{ 

I'm guessing you're old enough to be out and about by yourself. Is there anyplace in particular you would like to try peeing? Maybe a wooded area? A school building? Sometimes I like the thrill of peeing in a place where there's a chance I could get caught, but I'm so desperate I don't care.

}}

Yeah I'm 21 but I don't have a driver's license. Plus my neighborhood is pretty much residential, not a lot of private space. There is a wooded field and hillside next to my house, but no cover til the leaves start blooming again. Don't think I'd feel real comfortable there, I'm pretty much surrounded by neighbors on all sides.

