Cute desperation

Author: fak

*000*2012-06-15 13:25

So yesterday we were having a goodbye party to one of our friends leaving for a few months. She lives in old industrial building in some kind of self made loft. the old factory is still not completely restored and so naturally there's problem with toilets. there are just two, one for men one for women and one downstairs that is locked and just few of the people living there have the key. that night there was also a public party in the gallery on the same floor as my friends place. the toilets were quite full all the time.

It was around 2:00 and gallery was full of people so we were just drinking and chilling on our private party. Suddenly a new roommate of our friend came in a rush and whispered to my another friend ,,do you have the keys? " and he was a jerk like usually. he told her that she has to go in his studio, unlock the door get the key, bring him back his keys and then she can use the toilet. then she put on the cutest sad kitty face, grabbed her crotch and fell on her knees in wave of desperation saying ,,I can't hold it anymore, I can't do it" using the voice of a little girl.

So there she was on the floor holding her crotch and moaning quietly like a kitty. She is a little bit taller and the cuteness was almost unbearable. As I was hillariously stoned and drunk another wave hit me, the wave of arousal :D. I was just staring, happy in my own world of fantasies.

Finally she got herself together, grabbed the keys and run out of studio.

After few minutes she returned with dry pants but there was another reward for us... because she is kind of tall and we were on the sofa, to give us the keys she had to bend down and then we realized she is wearing no bra. what an amazing view! :)

*002*2012-06-17 18:16

{{ 

Nice story. But are you sure you are female? I don't think something I see everyday in the mirror is "amazing", but we could be different on that point.

}}

I am sure I am female :D the thing is I am lesbian (or bi or whatever you want to call it) and beside taht I am very fascinated by nice things, nice people, nice curves. I like to look when I like something and it doesn't matter how often or how long. hope that explains it for you :)

