The Library

Author: bes31

*000*2013-11-04 06:21

Janice Holloway was one of those girls that always got 100% on tests, and for good reason too. As her 10th grade teacher said, she had the work ethic of a workhorse. This continued in college, or more specifically one day at the Bridsworth County Library.

It was one day before a pass-or-fail science test on environmental biology. Janice had already completed 5 hours of studying at home but didn't have one key book with her, one that was at Bridsworth, a dusty old library that smelled of old books. She loved that smell. Every weekend she would travel to this place, and read, and read. It was a book worm's paradise, and so much better than parties.

There was no enjoyment today though, she sweated through every detail that had passed through the lecture so far. She had dressed herself today in a tight blue blouse and a short gray mini-skirt, nothing was hidden but it didn't have to as she would be hidden by a brown table.

That said, in her frantic journey to the library to study more, she had forgotten about something else. A small, annoying pain in her abdomen. She paid no mind to it, she wasn't going to let needing to pee get over her studying. She was never someone who wanted to create a scene. She wanted to be free from externals of her bladder.

That was also the reason that she had been holding it for five hours now. It still wasn't exactly a plight as Janice still found moderate comfort in actions. But she felt danger incoming, not of a burst, but of a wetness. She worried for a wetness that the entirety of the library could see.

She ended up reasoning that a trip to the ladies room might be in order. She was still in the car, slowly tapping her bare legs. The miniskirt covered so little, causing the book worm to feel exposed. She wished she wore something that covered her truly. She rolled up the miniskirt at a red light. Her panties were moist and wrinkled, she hadn't changed since yesterday night. She cringed a bit. She twisted her legs. Fuck this, she thought, I really have to pee.

It was a library, she knew exactly where the toilets were because she had this experience most times. Janice was forgetful in nature, and in times like this is kicked her in the ass. But she really needed to study. Janice was neurotic in this way. Relieving herself would only take five minutes, but that was five minutes that could figure out the once answer that takes her from a 99 to 100. She needed to pee really badly, she twisted herself as she thought of what to do, but decided that she wouldn't piss in library.

Her body begged for the toilet, but she rejected it, knowing what was best. She probably didn't remember, but she hadn't peed this morning either. It was lunch time and she still hadn't peed all day. She wasn't feeling a small pain, this was desperation. But years of studying and hard work gave her more than good grades, a strong bladder. She remembered holding it for the entirety of a school day because she was too worried of missing something important.

She even pissed herself once. But, she never learned. Like most things, small stuff like desperation didn't pass through Janice's mind, she was more focused on the big things. That said, her desperation was pretty big.

Janice got out of her car and approached the library. She slowly walked with a twinge, she mini skirt bending around her ass. Knee high boots crossing over. Her blouse generating sweat.

"Hello Janice, are you okay?" The librarian asked sweetly.

"Yes, thank you." She must have noticed, shit. Janice didn't think about it, her mind was focused on different cell structures corresponding to animal genome. She had no time to think about her insurmountable need for relief.

"Hey Janice." Oh shit. She looked at the tables and saw someone she knew. She gulped down, Janice's other major problem was that she was incredibly bladder shy. If she in radius of anybody, she might be blocked. She got scared.

"Janice." The voice was coming from the right. She looked in the direction and saw three people she knew. Two girls, Kim Walker, one of Janice's best friends, Ashley Williams, a quieter girl that she didn't know very well. One guy as well, Kevin Swenson. Kevin was a guy she had a massive crush for.

"Hey guys..." She tried to veer attention, but they had the book she was studying out of. Trapped.

"You wanna study, we just got here." Kevin spoke. He was a taller guy with black hair with little spikes. He was also very smart, and was very witty and funny. In other words, Janice didn't want to piss in front of him.

"Sure." Janice pulled up a seat facing Kevin, spreading her legs for comfort. She became a bit shy, but it was replaced with two different feelings, desperation, and need of study.

"How are you doing Janice?" Kevin spoke.

"Okay."

"Really, you look a little frantic."

"I'm okay, just uh... Need to study." Janice grabbed a notebook out of my pack and began studying, her bladder was bursting on all seams, she began switching positions from time to time, trying to find a good position.

Just use the toilet, one side of her word say, the other side would then say, you need to study. And she always picked the ladder, as if she didn't know that she was on the last limbs of her bladder.

Fidget.

The four of them had embarked on small talk for a while now, almost thirty minutes as the absolutely bursting Janice had endured. She was about to step up and run to the toilets. Janice had completed most of my work. Just two more problems.

Fidget. she began to drip, her body preventing an explosion at all costs. She began to shake in the chair and become quiet.

"You sure you are okay, Janice?" Janice stayed quiet. She used every single fiber of being to hold on without grabbing myself. She rocked in my chair, knawning my pen, holding back moans of agony.

"I....I....I'm okay." Janice clomped down on herself. She had lost, her hands pushed on her gray miniskirt, her legs crossed.

She needed to pee so badly. But she knew that she only had one problem left. One more biologoy problem and then she would jump from the chair, run to the toilets and piss the largest piss in her life.

Clang. She heard a pencil drop on the floor, it was Kevin's. Kevin bent down. And when he got back up, he was different. His face was no longer calm or collected, it was perked up. As if he was turned on by Janice's agony. Janice saw this too, and an idea came into her head.

"Hey, Janice, Kim and I are peeing, you look desperate. You wanna come." Janice shook her head and finished the final problem. "Okay." They left. It was Kevin and Janice.

"Why didn't you go?" Kevin asked.

"I can't stand up." Janice responded. She danced around, pleasuring herself under the chair. Kevin dropped the pen again, and didn't come back up.

"Stop it. Stop it!" He yelled in the quiet library. But she didn't, she watched him fight it back as much as possible.

"Come outside." Kevin grabbed Janice and carried her out of the library. He looked at the unbelievable bladder and wowed himself. They got outside. Kevin and Janice bursting in different ways, one clear, one yellow. Still, though Janice couldn't walk. Her bladder was like a swimming pool.

"Help me." Kevin, trying his hardest not to cum himself. Pulled down the gray miniskirt, revealing the crinkled panties. He gently slid those down as well, revealing her everything. "Thank you." She whispered and suddenly she pissed out everything. Like a jet, her stream was massive. Kevin had no chance. Kevin, knowing his time had come, unzipped his pants, pulled away his boxers and fell onto Janice. Plugging her up.

A few seconds later, both of them were screaming in lust and relief. Kevin went off of Janice, she continued her stream.

"Shit. I never studied section 10." Suddenly, Janice jumped up, in relief, put on her panties and miniskirt and went into her car, forgetting about Kevin for now. Kevin meanwhile was incredibly happy, not only did he just fuck outside a library. He now knew he had a study partner that would always be a pleasurable experience working with.

*004*2013-11-05 06:42

{{: 

I think you might have posted it in the wrong section. Good story it just seems out of place with the rest of the General discussion posts.

}}

Yeah, I did. And there will be more chapters, just I'm going to move this story to the correct thread, in Fiction.

