A Girl Back In My High School

Author: facade

*000*2010-08-14 03:26

Alright so you may have seen this same story on peesearch, but it's my experience so I just copied and pasted it here. Like the title says, this only contains desperation and I didn't witness a wetting. She was very very close though.

This happened back in my senior year of high school in my economics class and was the closest Ive seen to an actual wetting accident in my life. Her name was Amanda and she was 18 at the time.

Probably in the middle of class time, she had to go and asked if she could, and I forgot why the teacher said no, I think it was because we were in the middle of something. So she waited patiently and I didn't see much desperation until near the end of class..

Probably about 20 minutes until the end of class, she really had to pee badly and started to get really desperate, she again asked the teacher if she could go and she said no cause it was almost the end of class anyways. She hated to hear that, cause she started crying and actually said "Im about to explode!" kinda loudly.

My heart was beating like a hammer at this point and I tried to watch without showing interest. I felt bad for her cause this was obviously a very embarrassing situation for her and she was a nice girl too but I was secretly enjoying it and hoping she wouldn't make it so I could see my first wetting in person. Her friends were supporting her and comforting her, so I didn't feel as bad. Other people didn't seem to care, but I think I heard a giggle from someone.

She was holding herself tightly and wiggling around a lot, it was obvious that her bladder was extremely full and she was about to have an accident. I felt like my heart was going to pop out from my chest now and I was getting excited at this point and really thought she wouldn't make it. She was regularly making comments about how much it was hurting and how she was about to pee herself if she didn't go right then.

I had my backpack in my lap to cover up my.. ahem.. change in anatomy. I continued to watch her discretely as she squirmed vigorously in her seat and holding her crotch tightly. I was very amazed she hadn't peed herself yet, it seemed like she would at any second now. She probably leaked a little too I just couldn't see it.

Then the bell rang and we all got up from our seats. she was behind me but I could tell through my peripheral vision that she was hunched over and holding herself, trying not to pee her pants. She kept telling us "Move faster, move faster!" I was trying to discretly move slowly hoping she would wet herself when she was standing up.

As soon as she was out of the room, she darted down the hall past everyone, I was trying to follow behind to stay behind her to see if she would make it. But she ran up the stairs quickly and thats when I lost sight of her. I continued to my next class and I kick myself sometimes for not following her up the stairs to see if she made it or not.

The next day I saw her in another class and she was happy and acted like nothing happened. I never brought it up what happened the day before to her and neither did she. I'll never know if she made it to the toilet in time or had an accident in the hallway. I thought about it the rest of the day and wondered what it would be like if I saw her pee herself.

I know you guys probably want to throw things at me now for having not followed her lol and I would completely understand. But I guess I just didn't want to seem like I was stalking her, even though I realize now she wouldn't have cared if I was there or not because she had her overflowing bladder completely occupying her mind, or even knew where I was going.

I hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I did writing it. Any comments or questions are welcome.

*002*2010-08-14 03:54

{{ 

Great story. Personally, I don't enjoy being in situations like that. Obviously the girls situation would suck, but I mean yours. Something about seeing a person in a situation like that makes my heart pump very fast and even feel a little nauseous. No idea why. Hopefully that will stop when I have more real life exposure to this kinda thing.

Oh, and I hate to say it, but she probably made it. Granted it's VERY possible she leaked, but an accident sounds unlikely. Even though nowadays school kids don't find accidents as funny as they used to, it still would have gotten around, I'm sure. Plus, she probably would have been acting little differently then normal if it had happened so recently.

I can't blame you for not following her. It probably would have looked a bit off, in all honestly. lol

}}

Yeah, but then again, I don't usually pay attention to gossip and if did happen, she could have found a way to hide it, however she was wearing jeans so that would be impossible unless she had another pair in her backpack. I'm sure she did leak though, especially from running up the stairs.

*004*2010-08-14 23:54

{{ 

If she wet herself I would wet myself from exitememt!

I knew there was no wetting at the start to the part you tell the pee desperation I felt my heart would explode! 
I mean that I could here the noise of my own heart.

Please read my topic if you would like to, I'm new here and I haven't discovered much things on this site.

}}

Yeah, it sucks I didn't get to see her wet but it was still a lot of fun to watch anyways. But I'm glad you enjoyed it, lol.

*006*2010-08-15 07:13

{{ 

But I totally know what you mean about "purposefully moving slow" hoping she might not make it and feeling bad she's gotta go but also just hoping she won't make it.

}}

Nice story. You should post that in its own thread in this section. And yeah I didn't want to seem like I was following her. I'm pretty sure she did make it before leaking too much though.

*008*2010-08-15 19:06

{{ 

Ah, I should stop watching Real-life experiences... It makes me so damn jealous! Why don't I get the chance to see a desperate girl? *Whine*

}}

I've only ever seen desperate girls. I'm jealous of the people that actually witnessed a wetting. ]:

