Two weeks ago

Author: Haggen

*000*2013-04-22 04:22

Ok, this is a story of something very irresponsable, and also something really exciting... it envolve real UNPROTECTED sex with a girl that a had met that same night, so please don't lecture me... I already know I screwed up, and honestly, I never do things like this... maybe that it's why a needed to tell this to someone, and this is the best way to do it.

Two weeks ago I met this girl, that we are gonna call Carol (not her real name ;P ). She is the friend of my friend Mark (also not a real name). The thing it's that I was staying for four days on my friend's house. The first night, the 3 of a us went to a bar, and I instantly hit it off with Carol. We kept chating all night, and after the bar we went dancing.

The best part was that Carol lives across the street from Mark's house, so I end up having a last drink on Carol's house, and as you can imagine, we finish the night having sex. As you can also imagine, I didn't spend even one night on Mark's house :p

But the most interesting part happen the second night... Like the day before we have a few beers, and after a while, we end up having sex again. I had been banging her for like a little more than an hour. She had come twice, and she was heading for the third and I still hadn't come and I was rock hard. (believe me... this is all real, it's not that hard to keep on and on. At least, it have never difficult been for me).

So when she came for the third time, she kinda asked for a break... so we start cuddling, but all this time I stay inside her, with my cock hard... not rock hard, but hard enough. She was lying on her stomach, and I was on top of her.

At some point, a little devil start talking to me, and I start trying to pee inside her pussy. Don't ask why, I guess it was the beer and the Johnny Walker I had drunk, but I kept trying, all this while we were cuddling and kissing... and then I felt it. The sensation growing when you know that even if your are not going to spurt a big stream, you already build at least a squirt. SO I LET IT OUT!

The reaction was instant. She sighed and purred... and asked me if I had just come. I had already thought what to say... so I told her that I haven't come completely, and that it was just a pre cum and some more (it sure was something more hehe)

After that, I was rock hard again and I didn't stop until I came completely inside her pussy... until my last drop (of cum, not pee... ;) )

PS: sorry for any misspelling... english it's not my native tongue.

