A Very Wet Night

Author: Kei

*000*2014-10-11 10:47

Well, my trusty, awesome sex toy [Hitachi Magic Wand-esque device] just died a very lame death. It just won't start up at all, and then in my ignorant prodding around, I accidentally pulled out some wires that I'm pretty sure it needs in order to work...

Anyways, so now you have me--the person who didn't have an orgasm at all until they were ~20. It took a vibrator to give me that one. And I've been with dozens of people of all ages [all legal ages, up to and above my Grandmother's age of 81] and all levels of experience. None of them could get an orgasm out of me, either.

So, I'm just frustrated at this point. I figure that no matter what I do--refuse to fap, or fap and fail--, it's going to make for a miserable existence until I can save up to buy that fuckin' vibrator again.

I decided to give fapping a go. It couldn't hurt, right... ?

I barely lasted a couple of minutes and in the end, my entire bed was soaked. I definitely squirted, which is a first for me... >3>;

And yet, I had this extreme urge to pee right now!

I held it a bit longer, and then got dressed to go outside. I put on my slippers and a loose pair of shorts and stood in the driveway. There's a car and some hedges blocking me from most of the traffic going past; but I'm sure somebody has managed to see me doing this in the past... .///.

I haven't actually wet myself in who knows how long. I usually pull my pants aside or just pee naked when I'm outside. But something was nagging at me to let go and soak those shorts.

It was hard at first, trying to override the part of my brain that was telling me to keep holding my pee in. It started with just... a slight loosening of my muscles, then proceeded to a few stray dribbles and leaks. Maybe a minute later, a real stream started up. It soaked up the front and back of my shorts, it clung to my legs as it flowed down onto the ground. I opened my legs wider and pushed down harder to get the last out with a strong torrent of piss.

Once it had stopped, It stood there for a moment to catch my breath, then ran inside to get cleaned up.

I know it's not much, but here's a front and back view of my shorts. I'm pretty sure this is my first time posting an image that's a result of my own omorashi play...

