Desperate at Talk Show Taping

Author: Ggrrfhy4edvh65

*000*2013-01-25 01:41

My friend's wife Ashley got tickets to the Dr. Oz show. Originally, she got tickets for herself and her 2 friends. They both cancelled on her so she ended up taking her husband Chris and I. We ended up getting to the studio at 8am. We got our tickets and we were told to come back at 9am and make sure you use the restroom because nobody could leave once the taping started. We decided to get some breakfast. Ashley didn't get anything but Chris had a large coffee. Both me and Ashley used the restroom but Chris didn't saying "I don't need to go." It would be a decision he would soon regret.

We went back at 9am just like they told us. They sat us in the front row and in plain view of the camera. As the taping was starting Chris said, "I need to pee." Ashley responded, "You're just going to have to hold it until it's over." Tapings run anywhere from 1 1/2 - 2 hours. Things seemed to be going alright for the first 20 minutes or so before I heard Chris again. "I don't think I can make it. It's starting to hurt." He can't grab himself since he's on camera so he just has to find a comfortable position to sit in.

As the taping continued, I notice his legs shaking and he begins to sweat. He kept muttering to himself under his breath. I couldn't hear what he was saying but I could only imagine what was being said. Eventually the taping ended, but his misery didn't. Because we were in the front row, we were the last ones to leave the studio. "Finally! I have to go so bad." As we were leaving the studio he asked security where the restrooms were.

Security responded, "There are no restrooms on this floor. You have to go down to the basement." That was even worse news for Chris. Chris' face said it all. You could see the look of panic on his face. We had to wait a few minutes for the elevator because of the long line. We finally get on the elevator and I can hear him saying "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck!" I knew he couldn't hold it much longer.

The elevator left us on the first floor and he's running to find the stairs to get to the basement. We find the stairs after looking for a couple of minutes. Every step he takes, he's groaning in pain. He found the restroom and ran in. I followed him in and took the urinal next to him. When he started, the look of relief on his face said it all. He peed for a good 2 minutes before he came out of the restroom saying, "What a relief. Never again will I pass on the restroom."

