How It All Began

Author: Max_million

*000*2013-01-14 06:32

Hi all,

Ive posted these on another board but have been hanging round here a bit lately and thought I would post them for you to enjoy. Theres five parts to this so I will post gradually, Im yet to write the 6th and final chapter so maybe someone here will inspire me to!

How It Began - Lisa Part 1

People often say there is a link formed early in childhood that associates an act with a sexual desire, particularly when it comes to wetting. This is my story of how it all began for me.

Lisa was a cousin that I'd spent a lot of time with growing up over the years, generally in the school holidays when she would come to stay with us or I would go to stay with her. We had always got along well and this occasion was not different. Lisa and I were of a similar age and were both in middle school, although lived quite far apart so did not get to see each other apart from in the holidays.

It was a hot summers day and we were playing on our bikes in my back yard, as she had come to stay for the week. We were pretending we were police and racing around on our bikes. We'd been outside for a couple of hours and had been sipping on drink bottles all afternoon to rehydrate in the hot sun. It was Lisa's turn to be the police officer and she was chasing me around on her bike.

I went around a corner and pretended to crash my bike taking the corner too fast. I pushed my bike over on the concrete and fell to the ground and closed my eyes. I lay there still with my eyes closed pretending I had been hurt. Lisa raced up behind me and threw her bike down. She stood there and started to shake me, saying "James, wake up, wake up!". I peeked through one eye and saw her squatting beside me with her flowery blue skirt held up by her knees and her plain white panties visible from my direction. Being young I hadnt seen up a girls skirt before and was perplexed by this new sight, so continued to lie there pretending I was hurt. Lisa then stood up and shoved her hand between her legs, saying "please James, please wake up!". "Please James, Im busting to pee!". Still peeking through one eye I saw her bob up and down a few times in desperation still with her hand between her legs.

It was only a matter of moments and I heard a splashing on the ground. Immediately I opened my eyes and saw it was coming from under her skirt, she was peeing through her knickers! I couldnt believe my eyes and she just looked down sheepishly at me as the pee continued to run down her legs and splash onto the concrete, a puddle growing steadily around her feet.

Im not sure how long she stood there for as her bladder emptied but it seemed like an eternity. She had let her knee length skirt go now and just stood there with her legs fairly close together as the pee cascaded from beneath. There was a small wet streak down the front of her skirt where her hand had been before she'd pulled it away, but it was not too noticeable.

"Im sorry", she said as the stream of pee lessened to a few droplets, the embarrassment clear on her face. "I'd been busting for ages and didnt want to say anything". I just said, "it's ok, make sure you tell me next time!". I suggested we go back to the house and she said "but I don't want your mum to see". I said I wouldnt tell anyone what had happened, but she would need to find something to change into.

We rode back up to the house and went inside to my bedroom, leaving the puddle on the concrete to dry in the sun. We got back to my room without anyone suspecting a thing and Lisa closed the door. "What am I going to do?" she said, holding her skirt up in front of me and exposing her wet panties, a few drops of pee still evident on her thighs. I just stared in amazement, having not seen a girl of that age in her underwear before, particularly not soaking wet!

I gathered myself together and said "do you have any spare knickers?" She said they were still in the car in her suitcase. We decided she should take them off and wash them in the bathroom then leave them in the sun to dry. She pulled them off and a couple more drips fell from beneath her skirt. We both giggled repeatedly about the situation and her lack of knickers under her dress.

We sat on the floor and played board games for a while so they could dry. I asked Lisa if this had happened before and she said once or twice but kind of brushed it off. She made me swear to keep this our secret and not tell anyone else, to which I agreed.

While there was nothing obviously sexual about this experience I believe this is where the link with wetting started to form in my mind. My experiences with Lisa weren't to end here but I will share more of them at a later time.

How It Began - Lisa Part 2

It had been a while since I'd seen Lisa last and was excited she was coming to stay at my grandparents house with me for a couple of days. She pulled up to the house and her mum got out and went inside.

Lisa had grown a lot in the few months since I'd seen her, her long blonde hair was past her shoulders and she had gained a nice set of breasts as well as being a few inches taller. She had on a black cotton dress that came down to a few inches above her knees. She was realling starting to turn into quite an attractive young lady.

After the car had been unpacked we went off to escape from the parents. My grandparents house was amazing, a big country style house with three storeys and expansive gardens and farmland surrounding the house. Last time we had been there we had built a hut in some bushes near the back of the property, so went off to see if it was still there.

The hut was there just as we had left it, tucked inside the bushes and invisible from the house. We went inside and Lisa said in a quiet voice, "Guess what, I've got a secret to tell you".

"What is it?", I said eagerly, having no idea what she was talking about.

She replied, "I had an accident on the way here".

"What do you mean?" I said, not quite understanding what she was getting at.

"Come with me", she said and grabbed my hand and led me off to their car which was parked not far away. She opened the back door and put her hand on the seat. "Feel it", she said. I put my hand on the seat and felt the dampness in the seat.

"No way", I said, "you didnt, did you?..."

"I couldn't help it", she replied, "It takes three hours to get here and I had two bottles of water. I told mum I needed to find a toilet but she told me to hold on as we were only half an hour away. I was really busting and I leaked on the seat".

"Leaked? Thats more than a leak!"

"Yeah a few drops came out at first but I couldnt hold it and after a minute I wet my pants". I couldnt believe what I was hearing and felt a strange excitement about what she had just said. I remembered back to what had happened at my place a few months back and the puddle forming under Lisa's skirt as we played in the back yard.

"Does your mum know?", I asked inquisitively as she shut the door and we began wandering back to the hut. I still could not quite believe what she had done.

"No I didnt say anything and she didnt notice. I pulled my dress out from underneath me so it didnt get wet". I looked at the rear of her dress and sure enough you couldnt tell.

"I don't believe you did that" I said as we went inside the hut.

What happened next was a complete shock to me. She grabbed my hand and said "Here, feel" and guided my hand under her short dress and rested it on her wet panties. I felt the dampness immediately and felt the warmth of her pussy through the fabric. My hand lingered there a couple of seconds, not really sure of what had just happened, or what to do in this situation. I'd never seen a grown girls private parts properly and had certainly never touched any. Lisa had never been shy but this was completely unexpected.

Lisa giggled as I said "you're so naughty!", to which she replied "well I couldn't help it, I had too much to drink and I'd been stuck in the car for ages, I was soo bursting. I drank so much water I almost need to go again!"

She then pulled up her dress and looked down to inspect the damage, just as she had done the previous time at my house. I couldn't help but feel excited by this, a strange sensation tingling down below in my pants as I stared at her light blue panties which had a visible damp patch at the bottom of them. She turned around still holding her dress to try and inspect the back of her underwear which was completely damp and a darker blue.

I dont know where it came from but a strange idea suddenly entered my head. "I dare you to do it again", I blurted, wondering how she would react to my challenge".

"What, wet my knickers right here?" she said, still holding her skirt up exposing her damp underwear.

"Yeah, noone will know", I replied, half expecting she would tell me there was no way.

"But I have to wear them the rest of the day, they're almost dry now", she said. "I do have to pee though".

"Then pee, noone can see in here", I reasoned with her.

She let her dress go and stood there contemplating my challenge. She then bent over, sliding her damp blue panties down her legs, removing them and putting them on a nearby tree branch. She spread her legs wide apart and pulled her dress up slightly, not quite enough to give me a view of her pussy but enough to make sure the dress wouldnt get wet. She stood up straight and waited a few seconds, nothing came out. My eyes were glued to her at this point.

"Im bursting but I can't pee", she said as she stood there and concentrated.

A few seconds later I heard a hissing sound followed by a pattering on the dry dirt below. She was peeing right in front of me!

"It's running down my legs" she cried as she relaxed and let it flow, at which we both giggled. She clutched tightly at her dress and lifted it a bit higher. I got my first glimpse of her pussy as pee shot out of it, spurting in different directions and hitting her thighs, droplets running down her legs onto the now wet dirt below. I was mesmerized. I dont think she meant to expose herself to me but she had no option if she wanted to keep her dress dry.

The flow drew to a few drips and then stopped as she grabbed her underwear from the tree branch and used it to wipe up the excess moisture from her thighs and legs.

"How was that?", she inquired with a big grin on her face, a large wet circle on the dirt below her.

"Amazing", I said, unsure how else to put it into words.

"James, Lisa, dinner time!" a voice called from the house in the distance. She hurriedly put her underwear back on, again giving me another glimpse of her pussy.

We walked back towards the house without saying a word, knowing we had done something we shouldn't have but both with grins on our faces about our little secret.

"What have you two been up to?" my grandmother inquired as we sat down at the table.

"Nothing," I said, "just seeing if the hut was still there". Lisa and I smiled at each other across the table.

More to come!

*005*2013-01-15 09:12

Thanks for all your feedback, much appreciated. Part 3 is below, enjoy!

How It Began - Lisa Part 3

After my recent experiences with Lisa I was looking forward to going to stay at her place over the summer holidays. Given that last time I saw her she had peed in front of me when I dared her to, I was curious as to whether anything more would transpire.

I didnt have to wait too long at all. After arriving at her place we decided we would head down to the beach for a swim given how hot it was. It was also a great excuse to get away from the house and spend some time together.

The beach was a few minutes walk away from her house through a short section of bush. It was fairly private as they lived in a remote area. We got changed and started off down the track to the beach. Lisa brought her dog named Sam with us who bounded off down the path, well aware we were on our way to the beach. Lisa was wearing a cute pink bikini with short board shorts and I had to admire her slender figure and tanned skin as I followed down the narrow track behind her.

As she led the way down the path through the trees she abruptly said “I really really need to pee!”. I couldnt believe what I was hearing, was she deliberately trying to pick up where we had left off last time? I remembered watching her pee spray down her legs and form a puddle in the dirt below last time we had seen each other at my grandparents house.

I decided to play along and just said “You’ll have to hold on til we get to the beach” in a sarcastic voice, as if this was a well rehearsed game we played. She seemed to start walking hurriedly and I noticed an occasional skip in her step. It looked like she really did need to go. Had she deliberately waited until I’d got there? Surely it couldn’t be coincidence.

We neared the clearing of the trees and I saw the beach in sight. Lisa started running towards the sand. I started jogging to keep up with her and called out, “Why are you running?”.

“Cos I need to peeeee” she called back playfully. As she got onto the edge of the sand, still quite some distance from the water, she stopped suddenly and spread her legs slightly. Her dog noticed we had arrived and made a dash straight towards her. “Look out Sam or I’ll pee on you!!” she blurted as she looked down towards her feet.

Two seconds later I heard a hissing sound and saw a wet patch spread across the front of her light blue board shorts and sprinkle out from the bottoms of them, drips running from the bottom of her shorts down into the golden sand, causing it to turn a dark colour.

I stood in awe as the droplets cascaded down onto the dry sand. Im sure Lisa could see how mesmerized I was and was enjoying the glory despite the wet shorts she was now standing in. “You just peed your pants!” I exclaimed in awe, making it obvious I was both suprised and delighted at the same time.

“It’s only my bikini”, Lisa said, “It’s going to get wet in a minute anyway”. She had a point. She slid her wet blue shorts just down below her buttocks exposing her pink bikini bottoms and a barely visible damp circle around her crotch, as if to show me what she had just done. I felt strangely excited by this and hoped it wasnt visible beneath me shorts. “Come on, let’s swim”, she said as she readjusted her shorts over her bikini. It was at that point I knew this trip was going to be different!

... to be continued!

*009*2013-01-19 01:38

Ok you asked for it, here's the next installment!

How It Began - Lisa Part 4

After Lisa had peed on the beach we got into the water and swam for a bit as I replayed in my head what had just happened. “Do you usually pee on the beach or in the sea?”, I asked, curious if she was just putting on a show for me.

“In the water of course”, she said, “it helps to keep you warm!”. I couldn’t help wondering why she had just peed through her shorts on the beach, was it a game she was playing with me or could she really not make it the short distance to the water? I didn’t press the issue any further. The water was pretty cold so it wasnt too long before we headed back to the house.

Lisa had her own sleepout away from the house with her own bathroom and I was staying in the basement of the house just across the yard. We decided we had better shower and get changed, so I went and grabbed my clothes and went back to her room to wait for the shower. She hadnt got in yet when I got there but was instead going through her wardrobe trying to decide what to wear. I noticed she had taken her shorts off and was standing there just in her pink bikini. She didn’t seem shy about this at all.

Seeing her standing there in virtually nothing I was feeling kind of excited again. I decided it was my turn to try and initiate with her and show her I was intrigued with what she had done earlier when we arrived at the beach.

“Are you up for another dare?” I asked.

“You bet”, she said as she found a skirt to wear, “what did you have in mind?”.

“Ok, I dare you to pee in the shower”.

She looked at me with a grin on her face and said “Sure, I do need to go again”. I was suprised it was so easy, she didn’t even try to get out of it! She dropped her clothes on the bed and we went into the bathroom and she shut the door behind me.

She jumped in the shower with her bikini still on and said “Get in”. She had quite a large shower so there was plenty of room for both of us. “If Im going to do this you have to do something for me too though” she said.

“What do you want me to do?” I asked.

She hesitated for a moment as if pondering the situation. “Show me your cock”, she said as she giggled and blushed. She was never shy but she was clearly not used to being this forward. It wasn't what I was expecting but I thought why not.

“Ok it’s a deal”, I said and hesitated before starting to slide down my shorts just a bit. I pulled it out of my shorts as she blushed again and stared at my cock hanging out of my pants.

“Now its your turn for your dare!” I reminded her. She stood there staring at my cock for a moment, intrigued with a sight that was clearly unfamiliar to her.

“Ok here goes” she said, standing up straight with her hands on her hips. She waited a few seconds and said “I can’t pee!”. She leaned forward and stretched the crotch of her pink bikini up towards her and looked down at it expectantly. I could see the outline of her slit through the tight fabric and felt my excitement tingling down below.

I saw a spurt of pee dampen a big circle in the middle of her now fairly dry bikini. It stopped for a couple of seconds and was then followed by another few drips running down her thights before a stream of pee shot through the bikini falling down to the floor. She continued for ten seconds or so as the clear liquid fell from her bikini to the bottom of the shower.

We both just stood there grinning at each other without much to say. “Don’t tell anyone ok?” she said.

“As if!” I said, pulling my shorts back up.

With that she pulled down her pee soaked bikini bottoms, turned on the shower and rinsed them under the water, exposing her now damp pussy. She rinsed herself and then took off her bikini top exposing her gorgeous pert breasts. I couldnt believe I was standing there looking at her naked body.

She pulled the string of my board shorts to untie them, giving me a huge grin as if to say it was my turn. I took my shorts off and we both showered together naked. We didnt cross the line of touching each other at this point but I remember we both took the opportunity to get a good look at each others naked bodies.

The visit would only get more exciting the next day though... stay tuned!

*014*2013-01-21 00:35

Ok since its already been spoiled heres part 5. I havnt written part 6 yet but might do so with a bit of encouragement ;)

How It All Began - Lisa Part 5

The second day of my trip to Lisa’s was one I will never forget.

We woke up early and headed off to see a movie. Her mum had given us some money for snacks so we got a couple of giant Cokes and some popcorn and sat through the movie. It was pretty good from what I remember but I definitely remember Lisa squirming in her seat half way through, the Coke must have gone straight through her. I noticed she was pressing her hand into her crotch occasionally to take the pressure off. Soon she leaned over and whispered in my ear “I’ve gotta go pee”.

Given the past few experiences I was almost expecting to see a damp seat before long, but after a bit more fidgeting and squirming she got up and left the movie to go to the bathrooms. She came back a few minutes later and sat back down and we watched the rest of the movie.

After the movie finished Lisa’s mum was waiting in the carpark to pick us up. Because Lisa lived in the countryside it was almost an hours drive back to the house. We got home and went off to her room to play. “What do you wanna do?”, she said.

“I dunno”, I said, pondering another swim at the beach.

“How about we play dares again?”, she asked.

“Ok, you go first then!” I said, my mind racing wondering what she had in store for me and how this game was going to end up.

“I dare you to show me what underwear you’re wearing” she said. That was an easy one! I slid my shorts down and showed her my boxers and she giggled with delight.

“Ok my turn, Ummm... I dare you to lift up your skirt and show me yours too”, I said. She stood up and lifted her lacey white skirt up around her waist, showing me her white cotton panties with pink elastic waistband.

“What do you think?” she said as she blushed.

“Very cute”, I replied teasingly, remembering back to yesterday when I’d seen what lay beneath them. My heart started racing a bit faster at the thought. The game went back and forwards for a few turns with a few silly dares, none of them overly exciting.

I was still intrigued by what had taken place the day before so I decided now was my chance to get some more info out of her. “I dare you to tell me about the last time you had an accident”.

“You mean peed my pants?” she replied.

“Yup, have you ever wet your pants by accident, apart from at my place that time riding our bikes?”.

“Yea a couple of times”, she said. “Last time was at school earlier this year”. Earlier this year... perhaps this was a regular occurence for her! “My stupid teacher wouldn’t let me go to the toilet. We were doing reading after lunch and I asked if I could go and he said ‘no, you should have gone at lunchtime’. I was so bursting, I had my hand pressed tight on my knickers trying to make sure I didn’t leak, but before long a couple of drops escaped and I could feel my hand getting wet”.

I was starting to get excited by her story. “What happened, did anyone see?”.

“I managed to hold it in a bit longer and I put my hand up to ask my teacher again and quietly told him I would wet my pants if he didn’t let me go. He was pretty grumpy but let me go anyway. Lucky he didn’t see I’d already leaked cos I was wearing a skirt.”

“Did you make it?”

“Well I thought I was going to but I was pretty busting, I started running to the toilets once I got out of class. Halfway to the toilets I started to lose it and started leaking into my knickers. I just stopped on the grass and let go. It ran down my legs so I went to the bathroom to clean up, but cos I had a skirt on noone could tell so I just went back to class in my wet knickers.”

“Wow... did anyone find out?”

“No, only my best friend who I told on the bus on the way home, she just laughed at me. Your turn now”, she threw back at me changing the subject, “I dare you to tell me about the last time you wet your pants?”

I told her a story about when I was back in primary school and leaked in my pants because I was too shy to ask to go to the bathroom. She smiled and giggled at me. “Now give me a proper dare”, she said.

“OK, let me think”, I replied. Now was my chance. If she wanted a good dare I could give her something exciting. I had a great idea. “I dare you to do just a drop of pee in your panties” I snickered. I’d seen her starting to squirm a bit during her story so I knew she needed to go.

“A drop?”, she asked.

“Yep, just one or two little drops in your underwear.” I watched her face as an excited grin spread across it.

“I’ll try, but I don’t know if I can”, she said.

She moved off the rug we were sitting on and knelt on the wooden floor next to it. “Are you ready?”, she asked, lifting up her skirt exposing her cute white knickers.

“You bet, off you go” I replied, egging her on.

She looked as she held up her skirt, the concentration evident on her face. She glanced down a couple of times as if to check if anything had come out. “It’s coming” she said.

A few seconds later I heard a brief hiss and I saw a small wet circle appear on her panties. It kept growing and spread right across her panties, drips starting to roll down the inside of her thighs before a burst of clear liquid cascaded through the thin white fabric. I was mesmerized!

Her hand darted down in between her legs, pressing into her panties trying to cut off the flow as she let out a quiet yelp. She soon realised this was futile and pulled it away again.

The stream hesitated for a second then kept pouring through the thin fabric. “I can’t stop!”, she cried, the clear liquid continuing to cascade down to the wooden floor and form a pool between her legs, some also rolling down her smooth thighs to the floor. I stared in awe as she lost control in front of me, the sight nothing like I had ever seen.

She kept going for what seemed like a minute, continuing to hold her skirt out of the way and staring down at the growing puddle on the floor. “I can’t believe it!”, she exclaimed, “that Coke had me needing to go pretty bad but I thought I could do it” she said, referring to my dare. She took her skirt off to keep it out of the way then ran and grabbed a towel from the bathroom to mop up the puddle. “You owe me big time now”, she said as she knelt on the towel in her wet panties soaking up all the pee from the floor.

“Oh really?”, I replied teasingly, “just what do you want me to do?”.

She knelt there for a second considering my question. “Let me touch you down there” she said, a cheeky grin spreading across her face as she blushed.

“Ummm ok I guess” I stammered, taken back by her question.

She crawled over towards me. “Go on then” she said as if instructing me. I pulled down my shorts and boxers exposing myself to her.

She cupped my balls and cock in her hand, her inexperience clear. Her hand moved up to my shaft and she held it in her hand. It started to swell in no time and she looked up towards me excitedly with a spark in her eye. She was kneeling in front of me holding me, so I took the opportunity and reached my hand out towards her damp panties. I moved my hand along the wet fabric and down in between her legs. She didn’t argue but knelt in silence as we gently played with each other. I could feel the warmth of her pussy through the thin wet fabric. I could tell she was starting to get excited as I heard her breaths turning into short quiet gasps each time my hand moved across the fabric. My cock was now fully erect in her hand which was slowly massaging it.

Guilt must have got the better of her as she stopped and stood up. “What am I going to do with my knickers and the towel? What if mum finds out?” she gasped.

“Don’t worry”, I said gently, reassuring her. “Take them off and we’ll hide them in the bottom of the washing machine with some other clothes. She’ll never know.”

“Yea, good idea”, she said, starting to relax again. She ran to grab her towel and came back and threw it on the puddle sitting on the floor. She stood on it, still in her soaked panties. "Don't you dare tell anyone about this!", she said whispering as if it was our little secret.

"I won't", I replied, "but you still owe me a dare, you didn't do the last one!", I teased.

"Oh really!", she replied flirtingly, "we'll have to see about that!". She put her skirt back on over her wet knickers and slid them down dropping them on the wet towel on the floor. "Come on, we better get rid of these", she said. We wandered off to the house and managed to put the evidence in the bottom of the washing machine without anyone seeing.

TO BE CONTINUED...

{{:

Nice, once again. How many parts are there to this story? You're leaving us on a cliffhanger every time! ;)

}}

5 parts so far but with a bit of encouragement I might finish the 6th part!

*018*2013-01-21 09:22

{{:

Umm... okay... I don't want to be the wet blanket here but...

}}

I dont really think of it as incestuous... we were more like distant cousins, we would just see each other a couple of times a year. If it concerns you that much just replace the word 'cousin' with 'friend'. A lot of early teens 'experiment' with friends, cousins, etc in their formative years, its not highly abnormal.

{{:

By the way, could I have a spoiler on the final chapter on what happened at the end?

}}

Now that would spoil all the fun ;)

