A Squirming Walk Home

Author: CrystalRay

*000*2014-02-08 14:35

(I'm not good at titles... ;-;)

Some background for this story: I am 18 years old, homosexual, and I have a girlfriend of the same age called 'Heather' (real names are disclosed for privacy's sake). We are in our first year of sixth form, and break / lunchtimes happen much like they did in year 11 where we are. To any non-English users, Sixth form (explained loosely) is something we do after 'High School.'

So... this is just a true (if dramatized) story of something that happened on the way home from my sixth form the other day, told in a less detailed manor for the sake of keeping it brief:

I normally go for a pee at both break and lunch each, full timetable, day (days when we have to be in for a full five periods), However, today my body had other plans. Out of habit, I did find myself heading to the girls room once break came around, only to realize that I was completely void of the urge to pee. This wasn't the first time this had happened, so I just went to break and chatted with Heather and other friends of mine for it's entirety. Only when the bell for next period sounded, did I feel a twinge in my abdomen, telling me I should of gone. Of course this was just a fleeting urge, possible a 1/10 if that. Nothing I couldn't handle.

And, strangely for an omorashi story, this was true. I found myself slightly uncomfortable during the start of 3rd lesson, but after about 20 minutes my mind was occupied with other things and I forgot all about it. Only towards the end of my 4th lesson, about 10 minutes from the end to be more precise, did I remember the liquid cargo I had to deposit. By now it was a good 3/10, I found myself squeezing my muscles slightly out of instinct. It was normally around this level of desperation I would head to a toilet, knowing my bladder, it wouldn't take long for things to get bad.

For some reason, however, my brain wasn't really paying attention that day, and I completely forgot about my bathroom trip from the moment the lunch bell went, to right up to the end of lunch. Having had a small pepsi can during the lunch break, I couldn't help but shiver in desperation as I headed to my final lesson.

I spent the entire time thinking about peeing, and how on earth I let it slip my mind at lunch. The more I focused, the more nervous I got, the more I felt my urge increase. I went quickly from the occasional clenching, to shivering and pressing my thighs together, to having to keep a constant grasp on my pelvic floor muscles, just to hold the built up tide at bay. It had been so long since I'd gone this long without peeing in public, and I felt extremely uncomfortable. I made an urgent mental note to get to a much desired toilet as soon as the school day ended.

Of course though, we had a supply teacher, who missed the end of lesson and let us go about 3 minutes late. This may not seem like much of a delay, but if I don't hurry out after last period ends then the group of friends I walk with won't stick around to wait for me. I'd still have Heather of course, but me, her and another friend had been having a discussion that was left hanging as lunch ended. I wanted very much to continue it, so rushed out rather than going to the toilet.

I was kinda joking with myself, I mean, I'd been far more desperate than this in the past, it was only about a 4.5/10, I couldn't ignore it much longer but I was sure it could wait the half hour trip back to my house... or at least I was hoping it could.

After about 20 minutes of walking the discussion between me, Heather and the third person had hit a dead end, he went ahead to talk to someone else as I lagged behind with Heather. I was now at a 6/10, the cold air greatly increasing my urge... I shyly tugged on Heather's blazer to get her attention. When she turned I put on my best attempt at an erotic smirk and mumbled something along the lines of "G-Guess who forgot to pee all day..." before making some exaggerated leg movements; rubbing my thighs together just ever so slightly, so she and no-one else would understand the implications.

Heather seemed to grin on reflex, I could tell from the look in her eyes she was greatly looking forward to a quick 'lye down' together, once we got home. She held my hand and squeezed it a bit, whispering to me "Think you can hold it?"

"I erm... honestly I'm not sure, I really should of gone before we left, the cold air isn't helping."

"Oh cutie" She said with a half sigh to her voice "just do your best, it's not that far I'm sure you'll make it. Try not to think about it."

We started to talk about something I don't remember and I tried very hard to ignore the growing pressure in my bladder. We were now 15 minutes into out journey, and it was about a 7/10. I felt a large wave and stopped talking suddenly, concentrating hard on not loosing control, while not making my situation obvious. I was concentrating so hard that I forgot my placement on the path, and stepped down suddenly from the curb onto a driveway we had to cross.

The jolt of this caused a very small leak of hot pee to spurt from my trembling wee hole, into my now damp panties. The warmth felt amazing on my freezing body, in the harsh winter air. However of course, this sensation was overpowered by the though "Oh god no! Not now!"

Heather must of noticed a blush or perhaps a tense look in my eyes, because she asked me what was wrong. It being Heather I just told her the truth... that's a nice thing about having a partner who's fully into omo, you can tell them just about any embarrassing secret and feel completely comfortable doing so. She whispered me some encouragement, and something about how cute I was being, but I wasn't really listening, I was just trying to forget my place in time and space, and drift to the near future, where I would be home, warm, relaxed and peeing into the toilet.

It was about now that we reached the bus stop and left our friends behind, for the first time that day luck was on my side, as the bus arrived not minutes after we did. After we were seated, I casually crossed my legs and shivered slightly. Anyone looking at me would think this was from the cold, and the leg crossing was simply a posture I found comfortable. Only Heather, of course, knew the truth. She gave me a quick peck on the cheek and told me to hang on.

The bus ride was easy to get through, being out of the cold I felt my urgency drop to a 6 again, though at one point we went over a large bump in the road and it shot right up to an 8. At that point I once again spurted, this time much more violently, into my panties. I felt the warmth on my thighs now, and knew the next spurt would soak through my panties into my trousers. I pressed my thighs together so hard I felt they would fuse, and prayed for my safe, and dry, return home.

Heather snapped me out of it, by getting up to exit the bus. I followed her, I couldn't help but look towards my feet and blush as I passed the bus driver, mumbling a weak "thank you" and stepping out into the cold. I felt like everyone on the bus knew of my wet knickers, though really no-one could of guessed. There was still a good 15 minute walk back to our block of flats left now, which at that point seemed forever to me. We couldn't get home sooner, I was extremely scared now, not having been in a position of urgency in public for a long time. I took a deep breath and began to walk alongside Heather.

The cold air was making me a dead 8, I let another dribble out after 5 minutes of walking, after that I wanted to cry. Heather was still squeezing my hand which was now clammy and twitching in time with the rest of my body. The leaks were getting more and more frequent with every step I took, shaking my poor stretching insides. I was panting, and whispering to myself under my breath.

"Just hold it, just hold it, don't think about it, just hold it. Nearly home, so close now. Hold it Chrissy, hooold iiiit!"

Heather noticed my apparent praying to no god in particular, and squeezed my hand tighter, as if to give me strength... however this didn't do much good. Soon after I think my 6th tiny dribble, I felt some pee trickle down my inner thigh, I was starting to wet my trousers. I thanked god for their black colour, though this did nothing to ease my shame. I suddenly felt a wave bigger than any I'd felt so far that day rocket through my very being. I stopped in my tracks and, red faced, shoved my free hand into my crotch.

I could feel Heather's eyes on me as I tried not to cry. I whimpered to her "I'm gunna loose it..." as I felt the urge hit a terrifying 9/10! Heather allowed me time to gather myself, before I took my hand from my crotch and we continued to walk. We picked up the pace, the extra shaking causing larger and longer losses of control from me, but I didn't care anymore, dry or not, I wanted to get home.

As mortified as I was, a greater desire, almost matching the need to pee, was growing within me. A desire to stop right now, pin Heather down on the ground, rub my aching crotch against her thigh and kiss her hard and long. Before releasing my bladder's contents all over her, and proceeding to make her pussy purr. I resisted, though I was honestly highly considering dragging her into the bushes, had they not been so dense and thorny, I just might have.

We reached the final few minutes of our journey and I felt a very powerful spurt of pee spray from my quivering lower lips. I panicked and stuffed a hand between my legs again, no longer caring if anyone saw. This was when I felt it, a 9.5 and rising, I was at my limit!

Yanking my hand from Heather's, with no explanation needed I bolted off ahead of her, running as fast as I could, my eye's streaming from the wind, more pee slowly trickling out into my near soaking trousers and left hand, still applying much needed physical resistance to my impatient waters. The rest is a blur of desperation to me, as I finally saw the entrance to our apartment building. I barged through the doors and up to the elevator, clicking the button once and pacing on the spot.

After a few seconds I started to feel my pee coming out in a slow trickle, I clenched to stop it but I couldn't, I crammed my right hand in with my left and gave up waiting for the lift, dashing as fast as I could to the stairs. I threw myself up them, leaping 3 at a time, leaving slight drips of wee wee in my wake. Finally I made it to our room's door, I ran on the spot, fiddling to get my key out of my pocket, I shoved it into the lock, after missing a few times, and burst through the door.

I frantically kicked off my shoes and ran, full sprint, into our bathroom! My socks, of course, slipping on the friction-less bathroom floor, sending me plummeting to the ground where I instantly lost all control on impact. The sweet smelling, pale yellow liquid burst from my defeated crotch, coating my thighs and creating a puddle around my butt and back as I laid down in my own accident. An amazing wave or relief and arousal pulsing through me.

Soon after, Heather, who had been running after me, arrived at the open door to our flat, walked in and followed the sweet smell and loud hissing sound, until she found me, sprawled out on the floor, peeing myself at full force. I looked up with her glazed eyes, and she got the message.

"Come lay with me... <3"

[THE END]

