Too tired to get up

Author: wettingthebed

*000*2015-12-16 09:36

So its been finals week and I haven't been doing any holds or anything, but earlier tonight I had a sort of on purpose accident.

I usually go to the bathroom before bed so that I don't wake up having to go. But tonight I was so tired from reviewing math that I just crawlled into bed and passed out. Of course, this caused me to wake up three hours later to the delicious pressure of a full bladder. I was too tired to feel much desperation, but I was at 8/10 and knew if I didn't get up soon I wouldn't make it. I've done a few wettings in my room and the house but never in bed. I like the idea but was always afraid that it might stain the mattress and my mom would notice.

So I just layed there and held myself for a while, trying to encourage myself to get up. I even rubbed my crotch a bit because it felt good, but that made it worse so I had to stop. Finally it got so bad that I started to sit up but felt a squirt warm my panties. It felt so good I let another teeny bit out.

At this point I was so tired and I knew I would have an accident on the way to the toilet.

So I balled up some of my fluffy comforter underneath me and just relaxed. I started to pee myself slowly, the warm wetness soaking my panties and flannel bottoms, then the sheets. Now it all just started gushing, and I pressed my vagina into the sheets as the urine pooled too fast to be absorbed and I moaned in pleasure at the wetness. When it was done I slipped my hand under my panties and stroked myself until I shuddered into an orgasm and lay there on my soaked comforter.

I was too beat at that point to clean up so I fell asleep like that. When my alarm went off the bed was still damp and I decided to post this before getting up. Not gonna lie, Ive been peeing more while I wrote this

