Bus journey desperation in a foreign country!

Author: MysteryGirl373

*000*2015-02-25 22:43

This is my first post on this site and I hope it's okay. Any feedback on my writing would be much appreciated!

This story happened several years ago, and it was in no way intentional therefore many of the details I know a lot of people on here like have escaped my memory. I'll do my best to remember, but I'm afraid a fair chunk of it has gone. Also, I feel it important to let you know this story contains no actual wetting, just incredible desperation. If you want to skip to the desperation, skip down to the forth paragraph (not including this one or any above it)

Several years ago, a class of mine went on a trip to Berlin. The trip was overall very enjoyable, but one of the days in particular has stuck in my mind. On this day, we went to visit an old concentration camp, we then went for lunch before we continued on to a museum and then into a Christmas market town before taking a slow drive down a street particularly lit up with Christmas lights (I would love to be able to tell you these were gorgeous etc, but I'm afraid I was a bit distracted at this point!)

We arrived at the concentration camp. A few class mates disappeared off to use the toilets; however as they were disgusting I refused. I knew I was fine for a few hours as I had no real urge. Waking round the camp was really interesting and emotional though, and I don't remember a lot of these details unfortunately either. Though I know that's not what people are interested in. We went for lunch, and I know my friend (we shall call her Faith) and I both used the toilets at the cafe when we arrive. I know Faith has a small bladder. However I know mine also isn't overly impressive in size, but Faith has never had a problem asking where toilets were and if she can use them. I usually just tag along with her because I don't like asking for myself. A bit shy in that respect. And the same happened today; while waiting for our food, Faith asked the only teacher we both knew, (we shall simply call him Sir) where the toilets were, and we both went.

With lunch, I know I had a glass of coke. This obviously would take time to go through my system, so I didn't use the toilet again before leaving as I had no need to. We proceeded to a museum, which again contained lots of interestic historical facts, mainly about the holocaust etc. (this area of history has always been a particular interest of mine - though I can't explain why.) A lot of people used the toilets before leaving the museum, but as I thought we were going straight back to our hotel and I have an irritating aversion to using public toilets unless it's necessary I didn't go. However we didn't go back to our hotel. We went to a Christmas Market.

So this is where my story hits the interesting bit. Throughout the rest of this, please bear in mind I was Berlin. In Germany. Where they speak German. I'm from England, and therefore speak English. The language I had been studying at school was French. I had no chance here. I did have a friend on the trip who spoke an impressive degree of German (there is a funny story involving her and a subway I can tell you if you're interested, although it contains no desperation or wetting at all!), but she had disappeared off with another group of people, leaving Faith and I to it. I must stress that at this point I was feeling the urge to go; I had when we left the museum, but thinking I would be able to find and use a toilet before leaving the town I bought a bottle of coke and drank most of and also had a milkshake. We were given, if I recall correctly, two, maybe two and a half hours to look around this market town before heading back to the hotel. 

The stalls were amazing; with little homemade gifts and Christmas decorations; the smell of home cooked Christmas treats filled the atmosphere around us. It was cold though, as it was the middle of December! Faith and I were constantly dipping into and out of shops, with the sole purpose of keeping warm, and a secondary purpose of loo hunting! Faith knew I needed to go, and quite desperately! Either way, no matter how many little cafes and mini fast food places we dipped into, we couldn't see a sign for toilets, and neither of us knew how to ask in German! When our time in the town was up, we headed back to the bus. I was desperate, but I knew it would only be a half hour or so before we got back to our hotel since we had passed this town on the way to concentration camp in the morning. Half an hour was fine, granted I was at around a 6/7, but I could hold for half an hour or so.

When we got back to the bus, Sir told us there were some port-a-potties just around the corner if anyone needed to use them. But me being me with aversion to public toilets, decided to wait. Faith used them though.

On the bus, the bus driver chose this day of all days to take a slow drive (so slow it doubled our total journey time) down another spectacularly Christmassy lit street. I love Christmas, I always have; and I would have loved to been able to pay attention but my mind at the time was currently only focussing on 'don't wet yourself'. Squirming wasn't helping much and as I was surrounded by class mates I had to be discreet about anything I did!

I was sat next to Faith, but she was complaining of needed a wee again by then, and was adamant she was using the toilet first when we got back to our room. She would also complain at me for not spusing the port-a-potties if she knew how desperate I was, so I resisted the urge to hold myself, too. Furthermore, there was a toilet on the bus but I had the same aversion to this as to the port-a-potties, made even more severe by the knowledge that if I gave in and asked to use it, an entire bus full of my classmates would know I was simply to desperate to wait for another half an hour.

By the time we had actually reached half way down this street, the bus driver had turned into a tour guide with his limited English and kept stopping and talking us through parts of the street. This was enjoyable for everyone else, but torture for poor bladder. I eventually had to give up being discreet or I would have completely lost control.

Sat just across from me was a young lad (another good friend - we'll call him Adam). Adam frequently kept asking if I was okay (he was lovely, being discreet about it and all that, texting me instead of asking out loud etc). I insisted I was fine the first couple of times, but eventually admitted I was absolutely bursting for a wee, and was questioning whether I could make it back to the hotel or not. He suggested the bus loo, but I said no. He told me to ask Sir how long it would be until we were back, as knowing might help a bit. 10 minutes. Manageable. But tour guide bus driver had other plans. About eight minutes later we had barely moved, so I asked how long again. 5 minutes. Manageable. Time seemed to be going so slowly now, and my desperation seemed to be increasing by the second.

Each second felt like a minute. I'm not sure how many times I asked how long it was until we were back, and I know I didn't tell him I was desperate for a toilet. I remember arguing with Faith about her wanting to use the toilet first; if she got her way I would loose my battle for certain. I wasn't coming all this way and then loosing it because someone got to the loo before me. Especially someone who knew I couldn't sit up straight, or uncross my legs. I still didn't hold myself though. I assume either Adam told sir why I kept asking, or he simply figured it out for himself. (I don't think there's many reasons a 16 year old would ask 'how long left' every five seconds when the answer was as short as five minutes).

But when the bus eventually pulled up outside our hotel, before anyone else was let of the bus, he made sure I got off first (quite possibly my life saver). I had stood up when the bus was stopped, so I could stand slowly and carefully so as not to jerk my muscles. I couldn't stand straight, knees were bent, I was slightly doubled over. Legs were crossed. I made my way to the front to get off (luckily I had chosen a seat not to far from the front). As I started moving I realised I wasn't going to make the two flights of stairs to my room. I opted to use the restraint toilets. No stairs to get there, but a higher risk of both cubicals being occupied. As I walked in, I heard a toilet flush, so I knew I would only have to wait a few seconds before my seat from heaven was available to me. And sure enough, a few seconds later, a woman walked out, and a shuffled in.

Now most people describe their relief as starting off gently for a second or two, and then like a dam breaking. Where you can sign with relief as it instantly feels so much better. I distinctly remember this wasn't the case. My stream started slowly, and continued slowly. I had to force it out using stomach muscles that were already sore and achy from that horrendous desperate journey. This went on for far too long before the stream was running freely. This has never happened before or since, so I'm just wondering if I tightened my muscles up so much, and had focussed my brain so much on not loosing control, that even when I could relieve myself I had to actually re-focus my brain...

I've also not ever had to pee that bad before for as long as I can remember. I don't know how long I was in there, but when I came out the teacher that were with us were sat at the bar with a drink, and every other student was up in there room. Sir asked if I was okay as I walked back towards the stairs to go up to my room. I said I was fine. When I got back both my room mates had used the toilet and was wondering where I had gotten to, so I must have been weeing for a fair amount of time, probably increased due to the painfully slow start.

I don't intend to ever get that desperate by accident again in a public place- ever....I think I'll simply give in and use a public toilet if necessary in future. Planned desperation in a safe place, or wetting at home however...there will be plenty of that to come!

I like to talk and I know my stories are likely to be very long and quite descriptive. I would love to be able to include details in this account of exactly how much I drank, how long I peed for, etc. but as it wasn't planned, my memory has failed me in those details. I hope this isn't too long, and I hope you enjoyed the story! And feedback will be welcomed!

MG xx

*005*2015-03-02 00:12

{{ 

An excellent story, very well written and an excellent introduction to the community. Thanks for sharing it!

The setting is one of my favourites too - as I think back to school trips, often involving long journeys on coaches with no toilet, I can't help but think that at least one of my classmates must have found themselves in a similar situation to yours, especially with your desire to hide it from everyone else for as long as possible! I can only think of a couple of occasions when someone was clearly visibly desperate, (I think I've written about that in a post about a few of my own experiences), but I'm sure there will have been others.

Keep up the good work - I really look forward to seeing more from you :-)

}}

I know for a fact I had a friend who got into the same situation as me but on the way to the airport in a coach. She was visibly desperate, but she's never been one to keep quiet about it or be subtle. She'll only mention once or twice that she needs a wee before openly fidgeting and holding herself. I've never understood it personally!

I also know this is far from the only travelling desperation situation I've gotten into, but Every other time I've been able to hide it. And most were I. Front of family so it never feels as important to hide it, but I still did. I guess I just knew I could make it where we were going, so didn't bother mentioning it. But this time was so different, and I was open about it on a coach full of class mates. It was horrendous! I was barely able to walk off that coach. It wasn't a normal walk that for sure, it was a bit of a 'step slightly, cross leg in front. Take next step slightly and cross leg in front' almost pee dance kind of walk. I genuinely thought I was gonna have an accident on that coach!

*007*2015-03-02 23:24

{{ 

Makes for a great story, but I don't understand why you wouldn't just ask someone for a toilet in English. You'd be hard pressed to find a German who wouldn't understand something as basic as that, and doubly so in an area that attracts tourists.

}}

I would have if I was aware we were going to get an incredibly slow tour of the Christmas lights/I would have been fine if that hadn't happened. I would have still been desperate, but it wouldn't have been risky.

Also kinda shy about asking for a toilet unless it really is necessary. When we were out and about it wasn't.

*012*2015-03-10 01:28

{{ 

Yeah, when I really stress myself to hold a lot it starts drop by drop and develops only to a weak stream; I even have to sit down to concentrate. It's especially difficult if there's a lot of distracion around, like a toilet at McDonald's where children play arount with pepper in coke, vomitting it up into the sink. Noone likes public/bus/restaurant toilets but sometimes you got no choice or a really hard time wishing you could just blink home ;-) By the way, some women just squat between cars and compared to port-a-potties it seems rather sophisticated; plus you can avoid that pay-to-pee thing.

}}

Very true on the oay-to-pee thing. I was once on a family holiday in the Lake District and after a long car journey I was in very desperate need a toilet! There was a machine was a barrier across, a bit like at train stations, where you had to put 20p in to use the toilets. I was absolutely bursting. There was no way I was gonna have time to search to see if I had 20p....I just ducked underneath the barrier and went straight in. Luckily I beat the rest of my family there or I may have had a wetting story to share with you all!

*015*2015-03-15 21:46

{{ 

Maybe no wetting involved, but it still sounds like a story waiting to be told in more detail

}}

This wasn't even that long of a journey to travel. It was just sudden urgent desperation, the entire journey was only like, an hour, maybe a bit more, and I went to the toilet before we left. But after what must have been ten minutes or so I felt the need to go again, and put it down to bordom and my mind playing tricks with me and what not. After another half an hour when I'd reached thigh squeezing and holding myself stages (we had a seven seater car, and I was in the back, no one could see me). I knew roughly where we were going and we kept going down and I could see little buildings and mountains and what not, so was convinced we were nearly there but still was concidering asking my mums partner to stop driving so I could go on the side of the road. I didn't in the end, but was seriously considering it. Still no leaking though. Luckily aha!

*017*2015-03-15 22:42

No, deffinitely not. I saw us drive past the toilets on our way to finding a parking spot and was questioning if I could walk that far. Even though I was in the back and HAD to wait for at least two other people to get out before I could I still was almost first out the car. Everyone else gathered around the boot collecting rain coats and bags etc, I decided I didn't need a rain coat, I needed a toilet!

*022*2015-03-18 20:57

{{ 

Sounds good to me! I guess that your family worked out that you were a teeny bit desperate, but did you manage to hide your predicament from everyone else in the car park? If only it had been a bit busier, so that you'd had to wait for a space

}}

I'm not sure they did until I rushed out the car. And propably not, I think other people in the car park could tell. but to be honest I didn't care!

At the end of the day, all this is natural stuff that happens to everybody, and I'm nearly 100% certain everyone has found themselves desperate more than once.

