My First Accident

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-06-08 13:50

Hey guys and gals, now I have more spare time I intend to write some more of my wetting adventures for you guys to enjoy. A couple of people here have asked about my first accident which I had when I was 14 so I thought I would write up the account. I had always been interested in omorashi in the form of seeing other people desperate and/or wetting themselves from a young age but I had never wet myself personally (since the age of 7) and had never thought of doing so. However this experience set me off on the road to my many wetting adventures. Here is what happened -

We had been on a geography field trip to the coast to study the cliffs and caves. Using this information we then had to compile a project on coastal erosion. After a long day we set off back to school, the trip would take roughly two hours. On the way back I drank the two bottles of pop I had bought before we left and noticed I needed to wee. It wasn't too bad at this point and we were only about an hour from home so I wasn't too worried. I rested my head on the window and must have nodded off as the next thing I know is my friend nudging me, telling me were almost back. I looked out of the window and saw we were back in our home town and were 5 mins from school. I came round and as I did I noticed my need to wee had increased to about a 6 out of 10.

As we pulled up outside school I looked at the time and noted we were back 30 mins later than thought. I asked my friend and she said we got stuck in roadworks on the motorway. I then realised that due to the time, the school was no longer open. This meant I would not be able to use the loo, however I wasn't too worried as my need to wee wasn't that bad and it was only a 15 minute walk home. We all got off the bus and I stood talking to a group of my friends. One by one there parents came and picked them up until eventually there was only me and two others. We were stood chatting and I noticed my need to wee slowly increasing. After 10 mins a car pulled up, we all said our goodbyes and they got in and drove off.

I set off walking home and after about 5 mins my need to wee had increased dramatically. My bladder was filling up and I was about a 9 out of 10 on the desperation scale. The quickest way for me to get home was to walk down a really steep cobbled hill, I walked this way home everyday. About half way down I stumbled on one of the cobbles causing my bladder to jolt. This jolt made my need shoot up from desperate to bursting. I was worried now, I was doubting my ability to make it home. I got to the bottom of the hill and as I was waiting to cross the road I scissored my legs trying to hold it in. I wanted to grab my crotch so much but I was on a main road and didn’t want everyone to know my predicament. I finally crossed over and started walking up the hill the other side. 

By the time I reached the top I really needed to wee, I was on the verge of wetting myself. As I stood waiting to cross the road, I was having to jog on the spot, if I stopped moving I would definitely wet myself. Over the road I could see the snicket that would take me to my house, I knew once I was in there I would be out of sight meaning I could grab myself. Finally a nice old man let me across and I walked (well more hobbled) across the road. I walked into the snicket and as soon as I did I jammed my hand in my crotch. This pressure on my wee hole made my need seem less. I hobbled along the snicket, taking little tiny baby steps with my hand pressing on my wee hole.

I reached the end of the snicket and came out into the open once again. I reluctantly took my hand away from my crotch and as I did I felt a small drop leak into my knickers. I stopped for a moment holding it back making sure I could walk without leaking some more. I set off up the road, by now my bladder was contracting with each step. I could see my house ahead, this only lead to making my bladder squeeze, knowing relief was only moments away. I reached my drive and as I walked up it towards the front door my bladder gave a huge contraction and I had to bend over double with my hand jammed into my crotch.

By this point I didnt care who saw me, all I cared about was holding on. I reached the front door and grabbed the handle....it was locked, why was it locked, it cant be locked, not when I need to get inside so bad. I pulled one hand away from crotch and put it into my pocket....oh no...where were my keys. I checked all my pockets, where had they gone, I was sure I picked them up in the morning. I looked in my bag but I couldn’t see them. I squeezed my legs tightly together as my bladder contracted again, I was on the verge of wetting myself completely, I needed to get inside so bad. My Mum's car wasn't there, “oh god where is she” I thought to myself. I sat on the doorstep and pulled my phone out. I rang my mum and as I waited for her to answer I rapidly opened and closed my legs trying to hold back the flood pushing against my wee hole. She answered the phone....

“mum, where are you”

“im at the supermarket, why”

“i just got home and I dont seem to have my keys”

“I'll be home in a bit”

“h-h-how long you gonna be”

“about 15 mins, ill see you when I get home”

She hung up....what was I going to do now, there I was sat on my doorstep, absolutely bursting for a wee, with no way of getting inside. I seriously doubted I could hold on till my mum got home, but I had to not only because I didn't want to wet myself but also if I did my mum would kill me. My bladder contracted and some more wee spurted into my knickers. My hand shot down my knickers and I began rubbing my wee hole to help me hold it in. I couldnt last much longer, I had to do something. I grabbed my bag and tipped it upside down, allowing everything to fall to the floor. I heard something clink. I looked around and I saw them, my house keys, for some reason in my lunch box....i didn’t care why they were in there all that matted was I had them. 

The sight of them almost made me lose it, I clenched my muscles together and made a grab for them. I wasn't thinking and as I leant forward to pick them up I squeezed my bladder causing a large spurt of wee to escape and spray into my knickers. I picked them up and ran to the door. I put the key into the door and opened it. Then I felt it, I couldn’t move, I was going to wet myself....there was nothing I could do to stop it. If I tried to move I would wee, I was rooted to the spot. I leaked, and again and again. I kept leaking and knew any minute I would completely wet myself. My muscles gave in and as I started weeing I grabbed my skirt and lifted it up. I couldnt get that wet.

I was doing it, I was stood on my doorstep wetting myself. The wee was pouring into my knickers turning them from white to yellow. It ran down my legs and started pooling in my shoes. I felt embarrassed but slowly as I continued to wee my embarrassment vanished and was replaced by a feeling of pleasure. The feeling of the warm wee running into my knickers and down my legs was such a turn on. After what seemed like forever I stopped weeing and just stood there. I finally mustered up the strength and walked inside. I put my stuff down and went outside to pick up my belongings which I had thrown all over the driveway.

I looked at my knickers, they were soaked through, I had to get them clean before my mum find out. I ran upstairs and jumped in the shower, still wearing them and turned the water on. I stood there allowing the water to run down me washing away the wee and completely soaking my already wet knickers. The thought of what I had just done was turning me on so much. I had to relieve my hornyness before my mum got home. I turned the shower onto jet and stuck the head into my knickers. After only 30 seconds of the water pounding against my clit I screamed out as I came long and hard. As I did my knees gave way and I slid down the shower wall panting. The shower was still in my knickers and I allowed it to bring me to another orgasm before taking it out. 

I pulled off the knickers and wringed them out. At least now they didn’t smell of wee any more, I just had to find a place to hide them so they could dry without my mum knowing. I dried off, put some new clothes on and went downstairs. I then had a genius idea to explain the puddle on the doorstep. I grabbed the shoes I had worn that day and filled a jug with water. I sat on the doorstep and poured the water over my shoes, the water covering up the urine puddle. As I was doing this my mum pulled into the driveway. When she asked what I was doing I told her I had sand in my shoes so I was washing them off. She believed me....and from that moment on I discovered the joys of wetting myself. Unfortunately living with my mum made it hard to find opportunity in which to do so. However now I live with my boyfriend who loves omorashi so I can wet myself any time I want. This means I will have plenty of stories to share with you guys.

FIN

Hope you enjoyed.....comment and let me know if you enjoyed and/or if you want more stories. I will be more than happy to share them with you guys :D

Gemmy Rose x x

