Locked in jeans

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-09-20 18:05

Few weeks ago, I started making little challenges with locked jeans. I take jeans and use chain and lock to make me unable to pull them down, take long skirt to bag (to cover wet jeans) and went shopping to big city. It takes hour and half by traing and the goal is to get home dry. I did it five times before and only once I wet myself before I get home. In the other four cases, I came back home with big desperation, but I get it (ones with wet panties) to the toilet.

This weekend, it was as usual. I drinked few glasses of water, locked my jeans, take long skirt to bag and went out. When I was coming back home, I was really desperated. I runned with pain in my bladder into my room. I was happy to win again. But gues what? I couldn't find the key. I was sure I left it on my desk, but it wasn't here. I started to panic. I spend about half hour looking for the key, but I couldn't find it. Then few drops of pee leaked into my panties. I stopped looking for the key and decided to go to bathroom.

I made a step, but it was so painfull and another few drops leaked. I went to bathroom making really small steps. Then I finally get to the bathroom. I closed the doors and leaned on them. I couldn't make it to the toilet, so I slided down to the floor(only floor made of tiles in house) and I started peeing. I was peeing long time and when I finished, I was lying in large puddle of pee. Then I started to rub my crotch. When I get an orgasm, I decided to go and find the key.

My clothes really wet, so I was lying few minutes in bathtub, waiting until I will be dry enough not to make mess. I searched my room again, then bathroom, then kitchen and still nothing. I was getting desperated again, and I couldn't find the key, so I went for the hacksaw and cutten the chain. Then I went to toilet, changed my clothes and gues what, I founded the key :D

