The time I was nearly caught...

Author: wemo28

*000*2015-12-24 10:42

Hi guys! So this is the first time I've posted a real-life experience on here so forgive me if this isn't that well written >.<

###

So this happened a few years ago when I was still living with my parents, way out in the countryside. I was fortunate enough to grow up there - lots of nice places to take walks, beautiful scenery and rolling forested hills - you get the idea. I'm a keen photographer and would often go out exploring on my own, trying to take decent photos on my old camera.

With that in mind I decided to go for a long walk one day. It was pretty warm out so I had lots to drink all morning. I didn't want to waste the day and as I was feeling a little risky I decided not to pee before I left. I figured out in the middle of nowhere I could probably find somewhere quiet anyway.

So I set off and after about half an hour of walking I was getting pretty aware of how much I needed to pee. I was really enjoying the feeling of a full bladder though so I tried to ignore it - besides, there was no-one else around so every so often I'd stop to hold myself or squirm if I needed to to relieve the pressure >//< I had a big bottle of water with me that I was sipping too - I knew I should go pee but I was enjoying the feeling too much!

As the day went on I got more and more desperate. Despite the fact the track I was on was fairly quiet, I'm incredibly shy and I didn't want to pee within sight of the track and I was really struggling to find anywhere! My need to pee got really bad quite suddenly (always happens to me for some reason!) and I started letting out little moans and bouncing around with my legs crossed. I was finding it hard to walk, which was a problem cos I absolutely HAD to find somewhere to pee as soon as possible!

Eventually I got to an area a little more secluded, it was near the top of a hill but there were trees all around. By this point I was absolutely bursting - my hands were clamped between my legs and I couldn't stand still ;o; I dashed just off the track to a spot behind a few small trees - it wasn't as out-of-sight as I wanted it to be but at that point I didn't care :p Just as I was about to pull my boxers down I heard voices - a couple of people out walking! I squatted down to try and make sure they didn't see me squirming around - I thought I'd wait for them to go but they hung around for what felt like ages! I was trying so hard to hold on but I couldn't wriggle or hold without making too much noise.

Suddenly I felt a wet patch growing around my crotch - it happened so quickly I wasn't prepared and I couldn't stop it, I was full-on wetting myself! Because I was squatting it went all down the back of my legs + my butt too! I was too embarrassed to move so I just sat there soaking my boxers + walking trousers (they were dark green so the wetness was super obvious!).

After what seemed like forever, I managed to close the floodgates. I thought the couple had moved on by then so I stood up to inspect the damage - my clothes were soaked! I could feel it running down my legs, there was barely anywhere left dry >//< I knew I needed to get home. I started walking back the way I came and heard noises again - the couple were just up the track still! To this day I still don't know whether they saw my wet accident or my soaked clothes. I didn't stay around to find out though.

I had to walk all the way back home in my wet bottoms, wondering whether they saw my accident. At the time it was so embarrassing but as I walked home I couldn't help but feel a little turned on that I'd had a real accident and nearly got caught!

###

Sorry for the long read! I hope you guys enjoyed it :) I have a few more stories to tell if anyone's interested...

*002*2015-12-24 19:01

{{ 

Excellent posting, I bet the wetting felt good as you were doing it !

}}

Hehe, yup! I just realised I totally forgot to describe how much of a relief it was! At the time I wasn't really thinking straight but I do remember the point where I just decided to let it happen. The relief to finally let go outweighed my embarrassment, at least in that moment >/////<

*004*2015-12-28 11:43

{{ 

Lovely story :) You should absolutely tell us some more!

}}

@o3o thanks! Glad you enjoyed it :3 I think I may well do!

