Wetting silky sweatpants

Author: Barry

*000*2016-06-11 00:53

Last weekend I got the portable high pressure washer from the shed to do a few chores.

I was wearing my "silky/shiny" track pants, which are a steel blue/grey colour, and I had black satin boxer shorts underneath.

I started by degreasing and hosing the carport and driveway.

Now if you've ever used a pressure washer, you'll certainly be aware that a lot of back spray is involved, and your legs and feet usually end up saturated, no matter how careful you are. Because of this I normally always wear shorts and stay barefoot, but it was a cold day, so I had my pants and and old pair of sneakers and white socks on.

By the time I'd done the driveway, my trackies were wet from the knees down, and a much darker colour where they were wet.

I was starting to feel a need to pee as well.

Next job was washing the car. As I did this, I relaxed my bladder ever so slightly, and felt just the smallest amount drip out. As my boxers are baggy and not at all absorbent, the drips basically just fell straight out onto my thighs.

I ended up doing this perhaps 4 times over half an hour, never releasing enough to cause an actual stream, but maybe a dribble for a second or two. As before, it just trickled down the legs of my boxers, and got absorbed by my track pants on my legs.

I kept a close watch on what was happening, as not one was my wife home, but the next door neighbor and the guy directly across the street were busy in their yards as well, so I didn't want an obvious wet patch or anything.

The most that happened, was I'd get some faint wet streaks on my upper legs, but the satin boxers must've wicked it towards the front, and I'd have some thin stripes on the front of my thighs, which didn't look at all suspicious with my already wet lower legs, but my groin stayed dry.

Car washed, backyard pavers next. Lots of weeds needed blasting out.

By this time, it felt awesome. My boxers were pretty wet, and clinging to my legs under my track pants, but my crotch remained dry. The faint little wet streaks dried in minutes, and I'd just let a few more drops out. Every time I thought perhaps it was looking a bit too wet, I'd just stop, wait a few minutes for the light wetness to either dry out or merge with the bigger wetness further down.

I'd started drinking beer by this point, and that, combined with me constantly teasing my bladder with little irregular releases, made my need to really pee properly build up.

Halfway through the pavers, I relaxed again. This time however, a much bigger squirt escaped. And I mean a squirt, not a dribble. A solid shot of pee escaped, and I peed for perhaps 2 or 3 seconds before being able to stop.

Heeding the warning, I stopped what I was doing, and snuck behind a bush so I could empty my bladder. I pulled my pants down at the front, and found my silky boxers were saturated. My track pants were still looking dry on the front though!

I continued cleaning, relishing the wetness I could feel around my private parts. I reached down to give myself a squeeze with my hand, and felt wetness!

Horrified, I looked down, and found my grey pants had been leeching the moisture from my boxers, and I now had a wet patch, nearly perfectly round, and bigger than a tennis ball, clearly visible on my pants. My pants were now dark grey from the knees down, obviously very wet from the hose, with a matching wet circle right on the front.

My wife left to pick up the kids from school, and I nervously waited for my pants to dry. They didn't dry exactly, but the wet patch just sort of grew larger and fainter at the same time.

Thankfully, by the time they got home, it wasn't identifiable as a pee patch any more. My entire pants just looked wet and dirty all over.

Obviously I could've just got myself deliberately wet if I had to, but as I said, it was cold.

Altogether, I managed to stay wet for about 5 hours.

A lot of fun.

