Right this very second - Page 2

Author: Mia Moore

*025*2011-01-26 02:54

{{:

Hmm, well I must say I'm fan of the wetting where you are idea. You know what they say, you should always try new things. ;)

And you know, this might be a good idea to try out those squats Ronyo had you do earlier. The results might just be... explosive.

}}

You'll be happy to hear that right after I hit "post" I lost control. I let out a couple quick bursts as I got off my bed, managing to soak my sheets a little but I couldn't hold it long enough to rush to the bathroom and I ended up peeing all over the floor of my bedroom. I spent the next few minutes stripping my bed and cleaning up the floor with my wet sheets and I had to rush to the laundry room to toss in my bedding and nightgown, undies and socks (which were all thoroughly soaked). I was shocked by how much liquid I had in there! All that water and lemonade really added up. I wish one of you guys had been here to see it *blush* I often wonder if I'll ever be able to find a real life man who's into this type of thing...

*030*2011-01-28 07:19

Because you guys are so sweet and generous with your feedback, I'm going to do a repeat performance right now.

I'm already squirming with the need to go, my bladder isn't terribly full but I've had to pee for some time now so it's feeling quite tingly. I've been holding it since around four o'clock this afternoon but I haven't drunk a lot of fluids. right now, I'm working on two bottles of water and a tall glass of apple juice. I'm feeling quite aroused from the full, pressing sensation of having to pee and my heart is racing slightly with the uncertainty; will I wet myself again or won't I? To be honest, it was quite the thrill the other day when I had an actual accident. I was even moaning throughout the situation. It was a relief and the sensation of the hot, sticky urine flowing down my legs and into my socks was so arousing that I barely managed to get myself cleaned up to post the result before I had to lie down and satiate my lust.

I was rubbing myself through my wet undies right after it happened as well. That was certainly a thrill.

As I'm writing this, I'm going through moments of calm with sudden urgency going back and forth. I have a fish tank, holding my beta (Hiei-kun) and watching the filter flowing water out of it increases the urge to pee.

Ohh, I just had a strong throb and it made me feel like I was about to leak. But I caught myself in time by pressing my hand to my crotch. I rubbed on myself a bit. This is terribly arousing.

I'll add more info on my situation as the night progresses. I'm hoping to break records tonight. ;)

EDIT: I want to know how many of you are turned on by this. How many of you are actually touching yourself reading this? I'm feeling kinky tonight.

*031*2011-01-28 07:46

So, I just let out a tiny squirt just now. I sneezed and it leaked out. I'm not changing my undies because it's only slightly damp. I'm just going to let it dry on its own. I'm rubbing my pussy on a pillow right now so I can use both hands to type. I'm feeling very sexy today and I wish one of you boys would join me in this. My bladder is pretty full now and I'm having a lot of trouble sitting still. Per Infernal's suggestion, I drank a tall glass of apple juice and it clearly went right though me.

I moved to my desk chair so my damp undies won't do too much damage to my bedsheets and I'm considering letting out enough pee so I'll be sitting in a puddle. I hope someone is reading this and getting turned on by it. My clit is absolutely throbbing from the heavy pressure of the pee in my bladder and squirming and squeezing my thighs together is stimulating me a bit. I might orgasm just from the twitching and shifting.

Who wants me to make myself cum sitting here?

Anyway. I'm feeling even fuller now. I'm sure I'm ready to burst but like the last two times, I have more stamina than I'd expect and I can hold it for quite a long time. The last time, though, I had an accident and it was pretty hot.

Ohh, this is uncomfortable but it feels so naughty. I think I'll pee just a little in my chair and let my panties soak up the puddle.

Mmm, that feels good. I'm just a little bit emptier now and I get to feel the warmth on my ass (I'm wearing only panties and a skimpy tank top to sleep in and my hard nipples are visible through the fabric. Rubbing my crotch it"s hard to type one handed and i'm rubbing th4rough my soaked panties. i'm wet with urine and pussy juice... let's see where this goes...

*032*2011-01-28 08:13

Oh my god. I just had the most explosive orgasm of my life. In more ways than one ;) I hope it was as good for you as it was for me.



*037*2011-01-29 04:53

{{:

I must say these are quite incredible. Truly a turn on to read, and quite entertaining in it's own respect as well.

"It was a relief and the sensation of the hot, sticky urine flowing down my legs and into my socks was so arousing that I barely managed to get myself cleaned up to post the result before I had to lie down and satiate my lust."

There really isn't much left to say...

}}

I think you might be my favorite today. <3

*042*2011-01-31 04:23

{{:

Meeee~ xD

Really hard to not wank too it >_>

}}

Ha! I'm glad. I thought that was obvious. ;]

*048*2011-02-01 06:28

{{:

Also, i have a suggestion. one thing that makes me really aroused is when a girl is desperate and wets herself whilst being completely naked. i love the thought of her breasts jiggling around as she fidgets and her fingers pushing on her bare pee hole to try and hold it in. if you have the time, could you pleeeeease try doing this for me and post about how your doing regularly like you did on you other posts? (pwity pweeze?)

Also, if you dont mind, it would be awesome if you could give a vague description of what you look like so i can visualize your posts better. if you dont like to disclose this sort of information about yourself, i understand, so no pressure there.

(jeez, 5 posts in a row. sorry, ill stop now.)

}}

Hmm... I think I like your suggestion. As far as basic description goes... I have medium length, dark blond hair, green eyes, five-seven and curvy. (And proud of my curves!) Usually when I write my posts, I'm wearing a night-gown with now bra and white undies, not sure how I feel about doing it nude so how about sans night-gown but keeping my panties on? You can imagine what you like but I'm going to be honest about what I'm doing. :]

At any rate. I was reading a book for class (The Lion The Witch and The Wardrobe) when I realized I had to pee <i>very</i> bad. I've read a few stories about girls reading or doing something of that sort and not realizing they had to pee until they were desperate but it had never happened to me before now.

As I'm writing this, I have that nearly painful pressure in my abdomen but I'm only squirming occasionally. So far, I've had one can of coke, a can of squirt, some apple juice and a glass of water and I'm really beginning to feel it. I have pretty impeccable control and it takes a lot to get me to lose control. The other day, I held it in for seven hours before I finally hopped in the shower just in time to pee everywhere. It was amazing.

At any rate, I'm sitting on my bed, no longer in my night-gown (*wink*) and the pressure is unbearable. What should I do next?

