More early memories of mine

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-03-07 19:43

By the time I was 13 and in 8th grade I was fully aware of the fact that girls having accidents turned me on and always on the lookout, hoping for more. I hope this story isn't too graphic or anything - let me know if it is.

That summer I was at a family reunion. We were at the house of one of my grandma's sisters and she lived on a farm so there was lots of empty space around. After lunch me and a cousin who I had only met a few times went out walking. She was my age, maybe a year older, and very much a tomboy. A hick. A country girl. She wore blue jeans and a John Deere t-shirt. Dirty blonde hair just past her ears. Small breasts. She was cute, I guess, but would be prettier if girlied up a bit.

We just took off walking around the farm, going nowhere in particular, talking as things came up, but with lots of silence. We didn't see each other much, so we didn't really know each other and were from pretty different backgrounds in the sides of the family. But we got along ok in spite of it.

We had been walking for over an hour, I guess, when I caught a glimpse of her briefly press her hand to her crotch and squeeze for a second, then move it away. A little while later she did the same thing. She needed to pee, I knew it. I tried to keep talking normal and stay where I could walk behind her when possible to keep an eye on her. The frequency of her crotch grabbing increased, and she had started walking faster. After a while she stopped for a second, stood with one leg crossed behind her, no doubt squeezing her thighs shut hard to help hold it, then said, "Let's go back to the house." That was all. I said, "Ok, sure."

So we started walking back, but this time in a more direct route to the house. She was trying to act normal, not saying anything, but I could tell she was desperate. She was walking faster than before, and soon was making no effort to hide her crotch grabbing. I was beginning to get aroused.

I decided to be bold since I never saw her anyway and asked, "Gotta go?" and smiled at her.

She kind of smiled in return and said, "Yes, I've got to pee like a racehorse."

We both laughed a little and I said, "I kind of need to pee, too."

We kept walking, now with her blatantly holding her crotch since I already knew she needed to pee. I offered, "We could run if you want."

She said, "God no, if I run I'll pee myself!" I laughed and said, "Ok."

We kept on for another minute or two when she stopped, pressed her legs together, doubled over a little with both hands in her crotch, and she hissed. A second later she stood back up and said, "Shit. I just peed my pants a little." She spread her legs and stuck her hips forward to look and we could both see a wet spot about the size of a baseball very clearly on the crotch of her pale bluejeans. She slammed her legs shut again and grabbed herself harder and said, "Shit, I can't hold it." I was fully turned on now.

Then, to my shock, she unbuttoned her jeans, slammed the zipper down, hooked her fingers into the side of her waistband and in one quick motion slid her jeans and panties down while squatting, legs spread slightly apart, and before she was even halfway into her squat a hissing noise started and pee began spraying onto the ground under her butt. I just stood there dumbfounded, staring at her crotch as she peed, sighing in relief. This was the first time I had seen a girl's naked pussy, and when combined with her desperation and small wetting I almost lost control of myself in a different manner, but managed to keep from erupting into my pants.

She finished peeing, making no effort to cover herself from my view, eyes closed, enjoying the relief the whole time. When she was done she stood up, pulled up her jeans, and zipped back up, pressing a hand into her crotch again for a brief moment, I guess to feel the wetness. "Now it's your turn," she said.

"What?" I asked.

"I did it in front of you and you saw all of me, now you have to do it. It's only fair."

I didn't know what to say. I had never done that in front of a girl before, much less a distant cousin. I said, "I don't know if I can."

She said, "Why not? I did it."

I said, "Yeah, but it's hard to go when... when..."

She looked down at my waist and said, "When you have a boner? I know, my brother told me once."

I was still shocked and tried to make a small effort to hide the obvious bulge in my shorts, but she already knew and had seen anwyay. She asked, "Have you never seen a girl before?"

I shyly admitted, "No..."

She said, "Well, if you do it maybe I'll show you more. Come on. I've never seen a guy pee before. I wanna see it."

Reluctantly I unzipped my fly, reached in, and hesitantly pulled out my still mostly hard penis.

She said, "I've never seen a hard one before."

I turned and tried to let go, but the arousal kept me from being able to pee. "I don't know if I can go," I told her.

She said, "I'll stand behind you so you can't see me until you start."

I agreed, she moved, and I closed my eyes and tried to coax out what I could. Finaly a spurt came out and dribble to the ground, then a little more. I was able to get my erection down enough that soon a full stream began. The cousin then moved closer right beside me where she could see better and stayed there watching until I was done. I then shook and quickly stuffed my now flaccid penis back into my shorts.

She said, "That was cool. I've always wanted to see a boy take a leak like that."

I said, "Glad you enjoyed it. I've enjoyed seeing everything you did."

She then said, "Fair's fair. And since I promised a little more..." She turned so her back was to the house, far in the distance anyway, and quickly grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up under her chin so that her bra was visible, then flipped down the cup of each exposing small pink nipples for a few seconds, then put everything back together. "There you go."

I pressed my hands back down to cover my once again erect penis. I stammered a "Wow... thanks..." or something like that. She laughed and asked if those were the first boobs I had ever seen. I said yes. She said, "Looks like you like 'em" pointing to my bulge.

I guess this isn't the place to describe what happened next, but suffice it to say that the first time a girl touched my penis followed right after, followed a second later by the first time a girl made me cum. (Is that ok to say? I know I've seen others mention sex and/or masturbation, I just don't want to cross any lines.)

*003*2011-03-08 17:49

{{ 

Details, details, details... it's all in the details here. It's the most liked feature and the best part of the good stories. Not only is it acceptable, it's encouraged. Though laying off on the exact sex nature should be avoided. Your story did fine to me.

Though, not an accident I was hoping for...

}}

Well, it began as desperation and an accident, but she only peed that small amount into her pants (sadly).

