Unknown To Each Other Both Debbie and I were Very Desperate

Author: wettingman

*000*2014-11-06 02:26

Having written both stories, I decided to post them together.

This occurred several months before my last story. We were on a holiday from school on a snowy January day. We got together mid- morning, and in the afternoon, Debbie, a friend of hers and me decided to walk uptown to see a movie.

While watching the movie her friend began joking with me about something harmlessly. I did not know it at the time but during the show, Debbie, who as I have said usually held her pee until the last minute, needed to go bad enough that she considered going to the restroom. Having not peed since getting up I needed to go also, but as always loathed to be the first to admit it.

Deb was concerned that her friend and I would fool around while she was gone, so she just held it. We left the theater, both needing to pee badly, but didn’t know of each other’s plight. The weather had turned colder and the snow was starting to stick. The walk home in the snow took close to an hour. We were about 10 minutes from her house when she suddenly announced she needed to walk fast because she was about to pee her pants. This was the first she had ever announced needing to pee to me, let alone being desperate. This was fairly early in our relationship, and I was yet unaware of her holding tendency. I just thought she never needed to pee.

This was music to my ears. A female I was close with had to pee badly. I pretended not to hear, so she would repeat it. As we got closer to her house, I asked how she was doing, and she replied “it feels like it is going to come out”. I suggested she go in an old abandoned shack we passed, because I wanted to watch, or at least listen. She said no she would try to hold it.

If her friend was not with us it would have given me a chance to relieve my own desperate need. I didn’t say anything, but I needed to go almost as bad as she did. Everything down there hurt.

As we got to the end of her street we realized I was late in going home. She wanted to walk me half way home, but was at her limit of holding ability. Nevertheless, she said she wanted to try to hold it and walk me home partway first. As we stood there talking her hand shot down to her crotch. I had never seen any grown female do that. Then being too nice a guy, I did something, that in a way I have always regretted. I suggested she stop at her house and pee first. At first she wanted to continue on our way, but that became impossible. She grabbed her pussy even tighter and crossed her legs tightly. Then she started doing a rapid pee-pee dance. I was transfixed watching her.

Then she sharply inhaled air and said OOOh my pee is starting to come out, as she leaked a bit. She then ran down the street to her house bent forward with both hands holding her pussy as tightly as possible. I ran alongside her watching intently. I wished she was not wearing a coat so I could see better what was happening. I also wished, and still do that I had not suggested she stop at her house first. I certainly would have seen her fully wet her pants.

Entering her home she ran down the hall to the bathroom, past her grandmother, still tightly holding herself.

This had gotten me aroused. My semi- erection may have helped delay my own desperate need to urinate. But I think needing to pee badly also prevented me from getting fully erect. My penis and bladder really hurt, from a day of not peeing, since I got up. Although with bladder pain I can become erect if my penis hurts do to extreme need to pee, it is only partial. I have always been that way.

She was in there for some time, and when she returned she still had her coat on. I could not tell if she was truthful in saying she only did some in her panties.

Next her friend went pee. Here is where I guess I disprove my idea that if Deb would just go first I would follow. Her grandmother asked me if I was going to go. Despite intense painful pressure from my distended bladder to my pee hole, I said no I was fine. She even commented that I must be one of those people that can hold it all day. I really should have gone, but I was too shy.

We set off towards the halfway point to my house. As became our custom we said goodbye behind a factory that sat between our two neighborhoods. By this point I was in serious agony. The pain at my pee hole was so sharp, I would not tell the difference if my pee started coming out. It was as strong as it could get. However, I did not dare hold myself no matter how much I needed to. I could not do it inconspicuously, because of my coat. It would really look odd since just said I didn’t need to go. Although, since we were together all day and had not gone, and Deb had just been forced to pee or wet her pants, I suppose it made sense my bladder was at it limit also.

We went our separate ways. As I cut through the woods, I felt an odd sensation at the tip of my penis. I thought perhaps I had started leaking. I then felt a tiny wet spot in my briefs. Oh Oh. I didn’t feel any relief it just hurt like hell. Fortunately I did not leak anymore. In fact I was not sure I had lost any pee, the sensation was so different, and the wet spot so small. I think only my extraordinarily strong sphincter prevented a real accident. Even though a day’s worth of pent up pee caused extreme pressure, just a single drop or two escaped. Although my bladder and penis both felt like they would literally rupture, I was able to hold on until I got home.

Since that day I have come to believe that certainly is what happened. When my pee feels like it is going to come out, I have removed my pants, and watch what happens as I struggle to hold it in. Although sometimes a short weak stream spurts out, on other occasions just one and perhaps followed by another single drop seeps past my pee hole and runs across the tip of my penis, then disappears.

