Toilet out of order

Author: Paperhearts

*000*2013-04-01 19:08

This is another story that happened to me a few years ago when I was younger and didn't really know that I would enjoy omorashi. I know for sure that I was in the lower years of high school but I can't remember what age I was, probably around 14.

So, at the time my parents decided that we would get a loft conversion so that there would be another bedroom in the house so that me, my parents, and my younger brother would each have our own. Unfortunately for me that opening into the attic that the workers would be using was just on the outside of our bathroom and the ladders would come down into the doorway of the bathroom. That meant that the only bathroom in our house was not in use.

My mum didn't work so she would be able to use the bathroom when the workers went on their break at home. I was in school of course all week and I rarely went to the bathroom in school. I never really needed too much then and I didn't have the time. I would go at lunch time usually but I hadn't needed to that day so I didn't bother. I hadn't really felt like I needed the toilet all day until the bus journey home. I started to feel it on the bus as it moved but I was still okay, I was nowhere near becoming desperate so I didn't worry.

The workers used to work there quite late so that the job would be done in a shorter period of time. On this particular day I hadn't used the toilet in school and I had just got home needing to pee a little bit. As time ticked on I started to feel it more, everything I had drunk that day was still in me and I was filling up fast. I couldn't do anything because the workers were walking up and down the ladders right by the toiled so I couldn't even get into the bathroom.

I was still in my uniform and I was waiting around in my bedroom. There wasn't a set time that the workers would be leaving, some days it was earlier than others and some days it was later. They would definitely be there for a few more hours so I just had to wait it out. I tried sitting down on the edge of my bed and crossing my legs. I started pacing around my room while I waited. I was in there for a long time, walking around, sitting, trying any position I could to stop feeling desperate.

It didn't work of course; I was still filling up so I was just becoming more and more desperate. I remember that it was the most desperate I had ever felt before in my life and after a few more hours I couldn't even stand still. I had to cross my legs and grab myself and bounce around to try and make the feeling stop.

I felt the first spurt come out and I was absolutely mortified. I had never wet myself in my life since I was younger and couldn't help it. I only let some out, just enough to wet my knickers before I grabbed hold of myself and pressed my thighs together as hard as I could. I could remember I was sort of leaning forward and panting trying to hold it in. I stuffed my skirt between my legs for a while but I knew that if I got it wet my mum would know so I had to look around for somewhere to go.

My entire bedroom was carpet at the time so I couldn't risk wetting on it. I looked outside my room and the workers were still there so I would have to find something to go in. I kept trying to hold it, I told myself that I didn't need to go that bad and that I wouldn't pee myself but it wasn't working. More pee leaked out of me when I relaxed and it started to run down my legs to my socks and on the floor. I realised that I didn't have any other options so I started looking for a bottle or anything that would hold my pee until later.

I didn't have anything in my bedroom but I knew that there was a washing basket outside of my room with some towels in. I shuffled over and opened my door to grab one. Moving around and not concentrating meant that I had relaxed a bit and I remember that that's when I started to leak again. I had the towel now and my pee was starting to run down my legs and onto the floor. I kept trying to hold it in as best as I could but it was still dribbling out and I couldn't stop it. The towel wasn't the best plan in the world but it was either that or the floor which couldn't be cleaned so I chose the towel.

I was already peeing now but I was still trying to hold it back. I balled up the towel and stuffed it between my legs and I finally let myself relax. I could hear it coming out when I let go, I could hear the hissing sound really loudly and I felt my pee start to spread over the towel in my hands. I was there for a long while, some still ended up dripping onto the carpet underneath me but it wasn't very noticeable. Once I pulled the towel away I could see that most of it had been wet through, there must have been a lot of pee in me.

I put the towel into a plastic bag once I was done and I kept it in my bedroom until the workers were done. After that I got a shower and told my mum that the towel had fell into the shower while it was running and so had my underwear :p I got away with it in the end!

