Desperation on Vacation

Author: Inactive

*000*2015-03-15 06:30

For the first time in almost two years, I went on vacation this weekend. The drive to our condo took several hours, with plenty of rest stops in that time, where I took the opportunity to use the bathroom as I wasn't interested in doing a hold at that time. However, I am planning on having a few drinks on the way home, and I might even post that experience if it goes well. But for now, I would like to share an experience I recently had.

Whenever I wasn't spending time with my parents, I stayed in my room with everything I needed; my laptop, a TV, snacks, and of course drinks. I usually never got to do all of this at once, because at home I don't have WiFi, or a TV in my room.

On this day, my parents and I spent the early afternoon fishing at a nearby river. Unfortunately, we didn't catch any fish. Afterwards, we went to the dollar store to pick up a few things, which included a few cans of grape soda and a share size pack of Skittles. We then came back to our condo, where I decided to chill in my room for a couple of hours. I opened a can of grape soda and relaxed in bed, playing games on my laptop while watching iCarly on the TV. Soon after I finished my grape soda, I felt a twinge in my bladder telling me I had to use the bathroom. I had to go, but not that bad, so I shrugged it off and continued with what I was doing, while eating some of the Skittles I had bought.

Later that evening, we went to a nearby restaurant. I had chicken strips with fries, as well as some Dr. Pepper. I only had one glass of soda while I ate, but it was enough to make me a little more desperate when we got back to our condo. I went back to my room, and continued playing games on my laptop while watching TV and eating Skittles. I had taken my jeans off to be more comfortable but decided to take my shirt off as well. The Dr. Pepper I had drank at dinnertime was making its way to my bladder, and I started to fidget quite a bit. I was at a 5/10, but it was slowly rising.

As my bladder was slowly filling up, I was drinking a glass of water while watching the new episode of Bella & The Bulldogs. I decided to message one of my friends on here. As I was telling him about my desperation, I started getting turned on. I reached my hand into my panties and felt the wetness on my pussy. I stood up and took them off, as well as my bra. Completely naked, I sat back down in bed and continued to fidget. I was so turned on by my desperation...I started playing with my pussy before starting to finger myself. It felt so good! I kept rubbing, and I was starting to moan a little bit. Before long, I felt the sensation through my body that orgasm was near. I fingered myself harder and soon I felt the rush of orgasm over my body. I laid back, moaning and breathing heavily. Finally, the feeling died down and suddenly my desperation increased to about 8/10. I was squirming like crazy, trying not to leak onto the bed.

My mom had hold me to take a shower before I went to bed, and I decided it was time for it. I stood up and hobbled over to the bathroom with a change of clothes, which I set on the bathroom counter along with a towel. I stood in front of the mirror, crossing my legs, pee dancing and dribbling onto the floor. I was holding my crotch with both of my hands, trying to keep it all inside. My hands were getting wet with pee and I was enjoying my desperation so much. I felt another wetness on my pussy, and it wasn't just pee. I rubbed my pussy for a few seconds before a spurt came out and I took my hand out and crossed my legs.

Another spurt came out and I knew I was seconds from peeing myself. I made my way over to the shower and turned on the water. Hearing the sound of splashing water made me lose it and I started peeing involuntarily. Quickly, I stepped into the shower, stood under the water, relaxed, and just let the rest out. I was moaning from relief and when I finished peeing I could feel that my pussy was even more wet, again not just with pee. I reached my hand down and started fingering myself again, which soon led to another orgasm.

Finally, I was satisfied as well as exhausted. I quickly finished up in the shower, and then wrapped a towel around my body to dry off. Before I went to bed, I made sure to clean up the small puddle I had made on the bathroom floor.

