What Barbara told me: other accidents

Author: aqua

*000*2011-12-14 00:55

I described my one (too bad) and only experience when I was with Barbara when she wet herself (and my pants leg) when I tickled her. When we were both in college (different ones) we met at a party and after a few drinks I got the courage to mention the tickling time. We were sitting facing each other, she looking very pretty and sexy, her breasts somewhat visible under a sort of low cut top, and her legs up on an ottoman which was between us. She had on a skirt which was a couple of inches above her knees. She blushed when I mentioned her accident, but said something like 'well those things happen'. I asked her if they every happened to her before or after that, something I'd fantasized about since the wetting incident.

"Well, yes, a couple of times," she said. "Care to share?," I asked....and she told me about three times she had wet herself.

The first happened before the tickling time. She normally took the bus home from school, about a 15 minute trip. One day in the spring, a quite warm day as she described, she went to the bus stop about a block from school and waited, but realized she really should have gone to pee first and was about to go back to school, when her bus rounded the corner. She decided she could wait the 15 minutes...a mistake surely. Once on the bus the traffic was slow and her desperation grew rapidly.

"I was really panicked, sitting there feeling I was about pee myself. I would have gotten off but I didn't think I could find a bathroom and the neighborhood wasn't great, so I held on. Then about 5 or so minutes later I had to hold myself when I thought I was about to pee. There weren't many people sitting near me on the back of the bus and I kept holding myself but I felt a spurt soak my panties, and really panicked, thinking I wet myself sitting there and two people behind me would know what happened. I decided to go sit in the very back where no one was, but as I got up I felt another burst soak even more and begin to run down my legs."

She told me she'd never wet herself since she was really little, and was pretty freaked out. By the time she got to the back of the bus she had another few long spurts and quickly sat down behind a seat and pulled her dress way up so if she kept peeing she keep it dry. But she couldn't stop herself and pretty much as she sat down began to flood her panties and the seat. Somehow she said no one realized what was happening or was looking at her, and for the next 5 minutes she sat there as her wet pee cooled, her panties soaked up the back, and her dress around her waist in back, or so she thought.

When her stop came she carefully stood up, and let her dress fall down over her legs and got off the bus and walked the block to her house. When she went to straightened her dress, bushing it on the back, she realized it was quite wet; that pulling it up somehow didn't keep it dry. She was red faced, she said. She lived in a somewhat fancy apartment building, with a doorman and (at that time) an elevator operator. The doorman greeted her and she said she didn't think he knew, but in the elevator the operator could immediately see her dress was spotted wet in the front and quite wet in the back. He asked her was she OK, and what happened. She, now really embarrassed, just blurted out, "I wet myself on the bus, I just couldn't hold it."

I asked what his reaction was. She said she was looking down so not to make eye contact (he was sometimes flirted with her, mildly), and didn't really hear what he said. She got off at her floor and got to her apartment and her room, and only when she looked in the mirror did she realize that her dress was much wetting than she thought...and somewhat see through.

I asked her if she remembered what type of panties she had on. "Yes, white cotton. Simple ones, but you could easily see them. God, I couldn't believe what happened."

I was super turned on, but still was afraid to tell her that, and I suspected that even if I had, she would not have been.

It turns out there were two other times after that, aside from the ticking time: Once when she took the SAT's college entrance exam and in her first year of college. More of those another time.

