Sick day - first time experimenting with peeing outside the toilet

Author: jellybean18

*000*2015-08-06 22:26

This is a story from when I was a kid. I think I was about 11, but my memory is a little fuzzy. I had been curious about omo but hadn't gotten the chance to try it out yet.

Anyway, there was one day I was home sick from school. My mom was letting me drink lemonade in bed and after a while I felt my bladder getting full, but I decided not to use the bathroom. Instead I waited until I was sure I wouldn't get caught, sat down on the carpet (I pulled my pants and underwear down first), and just started peeing. It wasn't hard to let go since I was tired and not feeling so great, but I liked letting go like that. I remember watching the pee stream out and make a puddle on the floor. There was way more than I was expecting, I didn't realize how much a bladder can hold. Once I was done I got really nervous since I hadn't anticipated cleanup and tried to mop it up with some paper towels. I told my dad I spilled my drink and he helped me with it, but told me to be more careful. I think he even told me I spilled a lot! I didn't say anything, I didn't know how to explain.

I was drinking so much that before long I needed to pee again, only I didn't want to get out of bed. What I ended up doing was sitting on the corner of the mattress and letting it flow, just like I would have if I were sitting on the toilet instead of wetting my sheets. I hadn't thought ahead about how to clean it up, so I tried to hide it under some pillows, but the next time my mom came in she noticed a corner of the bed was all wet. Since I couldn't think of another excuse I just told her I spilled my drink again. She got it cleaned up but told me I wasn't allowed to have drinks in bed anymore. I don't think either one of them realized what really happened, though.

*003*2015-08-06 23:43

{{ 

You were a lucky kid that the smell of your urine didn't give you away. Maybe it did, but your parents were feeling too awkward about it to challenge your explanation. Were you ever tempted to wet like that again, since you had apparently gotten away with it the first two times? You seem to have enjoyed wetting your carpet and bed, so I suspect that you looked for other chances for naughty peeing.

}}

It really didn't smell much if at all. I had been drinking a lot to stay hydrated so that helped.

And to answer your question, no, I didn't have a lot of opportunity to pee in other places. I did have fun with peeing in the shower, though, and sometimes wetting my panties while sitting on the toilet.

