Faith in Faith

Author: Slater

*000*2010-12-24 11:16

As a holiday special for you guys, I’m going to confess to you about a cousin of mine. We’ll call her Faith. To describe Faith is to draw chocolate hair in jagged lengths halfway down her back or very short cut above her shoulders. To see her cutely rounded face with glazed, shimmering blue eyes (unforgettable sapphires). A body not bone thin, but very sleek and almost elegant, yet very innocent. She’s been like this since practically birth. She was one who, every time I see her anyways, wears some interesting panties.

Faith is one of those holiday cousins you see about 2-3 times a year; she’s a second cousin mind you. One of two girlfriends of sorts I’ve had (unofficial of course but the relationship was there). And this girl has had 10 pee accidents in the span of 4 years in her younger years.

She lives in a poor family. On the holidays, her family comes over and feasts on food and—gets sugar for the first time in forever. And her favorite pastime as a child was drinking soft drinks. It tasted great, was easy to consume, and could be carried. So I always saw Faith having to go to the bathroom, sometimes very badly. So I’d try to influence her to have an accident.

And despite clutching to her crotch half the visit, she’d gulp down and sneak in as many cokes as possible. I once saw her chug half a Coke in one arm, with the other shoved against her crotch and her legs crossed over. That was the first time I realized her addictive problem.

Once on a white Christmas, I told Faith not to go to the bathroom without telling me first, and to wait until she was really desperate. When we were playing outside, she informed me she had to go. Back then, she didn’t actually understand that pee accidents came from holding it too long. It took her a long time to realize the swelling bladder was a timer, so when she had an accident, she had no idea why (believing “it just came out for no reason”).

So I took her to a bathroom. I then told her (half-truthfully) that the toilet was broken because of a frozen pipeline and that she’d have to pee in the shower. Having had accidents before she said, “I should take my shoes off first.”

So we get her shoes off. Faith stepped into the shower and walked in a circle looking down.

“Faith, lift up your dress, so you don’t ruin your dress.” (I actually did this because the last time I got a girl to pee for me, she kept her dress down and I didn’t see much)

So Faith does so. And there’s her thin, white, polka-dotted panties, multiple colors and laced with elegant rivets around the hems. She walked in a second circle. “Lift it higher,” I said.

“Ok,” she does, “but I don’t think you should watch.”

At that moment, I should’ve said something like, “But you’re already showing me your panties,” or, “but I want to watch,”. What I actually said was “It’s ok Faith—uh, just close your eyes.”

She hesitated, and just stood there, staring down, eyes not closed.

It became clear to me she didn’t have to go that badly at all, and she didn’t seem to want to do this in front of me, or much at all. So I gave in and let her use the toilet as I stood outside. But when she asked for help getting her shoes back on, I tickled her and got another good view of her panties.

Since then, every year she’d wear a dress and some interesting, or colorful panties, and I’d get to look at them (usually because she wasn’t very careful). It almost seemed as if she did it on purpose in case I saw them. She was always ok with me seeing her in her panties it seemed, but not peeing in them.

Another time, I got her to drink extra. I’d always check her cup or can (which was always empty of course) and I’d get her a refill so she was never short on drinks. After like 5 cups/sodas, her bladder couldn’t bear much and started to fill. She loves watching movies and never wants to leave, and once got very desperate. I figured I got it this time. Outside and alone, I told her to follow me to a secluded area.

“But—but I have to tinkle!” she objected. Both hands were on her crotch this time, scrunching up her dress.

“I know Faith, I know. That’s why I want you to follow me. I don’t know if you can make it or not.” We got to the place, "Why don't you do it right here?"

She stared at the ground, rubbing her legs together. "Ok, but I don't want you to watch."

And I slipped again, letting it go.

Time and time again, it became a routine. I would give her lots of attention (something she’s very deprived of), gifts, and even protection from her bullying brothers. In return, she’d tell me about her pee accidents, "accidentally" flash her panties, or in my dreams, she’d actually have one for me.

Finally, after a year of silence, I showed her $20. To her, that was a ton of money. “Wow,” she said, “that’s a lot of money. But we’re not really supposed to ask for money.”

“It’s a gift, I’m giving it to you.”

She stopped and turned away, pointer to her chin, “That’s true.”

“But I’m not just going to give it to you. You have to do something for me.”

“Oh—I know. But what do you want me to do?”

“You know exactly what I want you to do, Faith.”

She looked away and shrugged, trying to play it dumb.

“Have a pee accident for me.”

Her mouth opened, head tilted up. “Oh, well—I haven’t had any accidents lately.”

And the next time I got to see her (we were interrupted at that conversation), she agreed to have the accident. I told her to drink a lot (something she hadn’t done in awhile—all of her accidents made her parents put a rule on the children for limited drinks). And she told me of her last pee accident...

[Details patched in]

Faith felt that all her life she always seemed to have to pee really badly. Waiting on her older brothers to get out of the one bathroom. While waiting one day, her father came out of the bedroom and told her to wait outside with a lot of other kids so they couldn’t see presents being wrapped. She was forced out of her place in front of the bathroom.

She played as much as she could without releasing, but it became too unbearable. She stood on the little concrete porch, bouncing up and down, legs crossed, both hands buried deep into her crotch, almost whining. “Daddy, can I come in yet?” she asked.

“In a minute, Faith,” he replied.

It was too much. As if on cue as soon as the reply came, she felt a warm gush suddenly press hard into her panties and into her knee-length yellow dress. Faith slowly looked down, feeling the liquid trickle into her thin, small hands. Her tight, desperate clutch loosened. Like a flower slowly opening pedals to the sunshine, she opened up and accepted the fate.

Faith’s hands were still touching the wetted part of the dress as they slowly pulled away. The pressing pee seeped through her panties and formed uncomfortable rivers all over her thin legs, streaming down in zigzags and curves. The pee that pressed into the dress dripped onto her feet just before her legs formed pools at the base of the waterfall.

Her swollen bladder released hard and strong, a massive pee stream dumping out of her crotch and splattering loudly on the porch. When a puddle began to form, she had put her hands open at her sides, and her dress was free of the damage. She watched in stunned wonder, even asking herself why she was doing this.

When Faith saw she was peeing a puddle bigger than between her feet, she spread them apart a little more, pulling her hair back to get a better look. It wasn’t stopping anytime soon, and the rivers on her legs began to pool around her feet anyway, merging with the puddle created by the harsh waterfall shooting straight out of her crotch.

She watched on and could feel it creeping around her ankles and heels, falling around them and down the steps. The tiny porch barely bigger than the middle step was completely darkened with her pee, and it didn't stop there as it trickled down the sides and ran down into the other steps. When she finished, all she could do was stand there.

“Daddy…”

“Yes Faith?”

“I peed.”

[back to present]

I don’t think I need to describe what was going on in my pants at the moment after getting out all those details. But I managed to get another story out of her. Out of the 10 pee accidents she’s had, from what she had said I originally thought all of them were in skirts or dresses. However one was in a pair of pants.

[Many years back]

On this particular day, she couldn’t remember anything of her life except that she had to pee. The vision was so short it was probably one of the first accidents she ever had. All Faith remembers is standing in front of the bathroom door waiting on an older brother to get out. She ran up and down the small hallways, went outside, running around with gentle hair bouncing on her shoulders.

She would stand faithfully in front of the door, trying to wait patiently, not say anything even a “please hurry” or even so much as a knock. But maybe this was foolish because perhaps her brothers took a long time on purpose and with little need.

Her strategy this time was marching by lifting her legs high in short, purposeful strides. But after turning back towards the bathroom one time, her left leg lifted, pee spurted out into her panties. She lifted her right leg, pee spurted again. Lifting her left again, the rapid spurting merged into a ceaseless flow. So she went from a tight march to stepping up high and to the side, and again with the other foot stepping up high and to the side, spreading her legs out and rubbing the front of her thighs.

This was a more gentle pee. It trickled and tickled, streaming in a lazy river slowly making its way into her denim jeans. Warmth was hardly felt since it came out so nicely. Taking it’s time, her pee was in no hurry to reach the ground, filling up in her thicker, cotton panties and heavy middle seam at the crotch, and spreading out around the folds of her pants.

Faith put her hands at the top of her waist and looked down as she released, taking two deep breaths as it spread out around her butt, picking its way around the thick pockets and exploring the sides of her legs along the folds. She could feel it snaking mostly around the back of her legs, expanding in wetness, far out before dripping down to her calves.

Her wrinkled jeans provided many obstacles and so most of her accident went straight into her pants. By the time the urine reached the left hem of her pants, she was halfway done. It then dripped steadily onto the wooden floor, and slowly came out of her right hem likewise. But even after that her little white socks were able to absorb some of that damage.

When she finished, she was drenched in a very soaked, flooded pair of pants, and not much of a puddle on the floor.

[What about the present? Well, wait for the next installment. :D]

Yes, I know that I've been super lucky, time and time again, to the point it's almost unreal. The only thing that would make this better is knowing a girl who will actually wet for me regularly (and willingly).

*003*2010-12-25 08:26

{{:

It would probably be kinda hard to get sumone to publish this type of thing.. lol

}}

Nay, it's practically impossible. But it's not the content so much as the writing. I plan to publish a book in a multitude of genres of fiction.

If anyone knows anyone in the publishing business(or knows anyone who knows a literary agent) let me know.

*006*2010-12-27 10:30

Thanks for comments, as always. Keeps my head up high, actually.

{{:

If people want to read it, it can be published =P

Anyway, awesome story, lovely detail and so much to read it took up a good amount of time =3

}}

Question, what reason did you have to read through it despite the amount of text? Was it the whitespace (spacing around-between text) that encouraged it, or the fact you knew you were going to enjoy this? Or something else?

