Genesis Of My Strong Bladder (My Childhood, Age 9-12 Wettings)

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-03-24 13:20

I tried to break these stories into three posts , so it would not be so long . The site will not let me do this likely because I am adding them right away with no replies in between. My aim was to make it Easier to read not boost my post count but having written this I want to post it now . Sorry about the length.

While I am posting I might as well tell of my other real accidents, all as a child between the ages of 9-12.These are the only accidents I remember having , and given my lifetime of enjoying things pee related I probably remember them all and in considerable detail , considering the 50 years that have past. I will break them up into three posts as this is quite long.

Part 1

The first time was I was 9. The Catholic school I went to which was normally very strict , took everyone from grade 4-8 by bus to a State Park about 12 miles from school, and turned us loose , totally unsupervised. Keep in mind this would have been in the early 1960’s

We arrived about 9AM, and by 10AM I needed to pee badly. It was made worse as the park was big to a young child and I had no Idea where the bathrooms were and was too shy to ask also; I never admitted needing to go even if it was obvious. The school had a strict bathroom policy, as did my parents. Peeing anyplace but the toilet was forbidden. I started doing what I normally did in these situations holding myself, and hope to keep holding my pee. Within an hour I was extremely desperate. The pressure at the tip of my penis was very strong, and it felt like my pee was about to come out. This was beyond normal desperation, but the sensation you get when you are starting to let go after a long hold. 

I danced around furiously, holding myself as tight as I could hoping not to pee. But it started coming out anyway, creating a good sized wet spot in the front of my white cotton briefs, before I got the flow stopped. A boy that was with the group I was in came over to me and said “You just wet your pants”. I denied it as it was not obvious, just my underwear was wet, but he replied “yea you did some in your underwear”. I guess it was obvious since I no longer needed to hold myself, although my bladder was far from empty.

Perhaps an hour later the need to pee was back worse than before. By this point it was just me and my best friend alone in the woods. Once again I was squirming and grabbing myself. He decided he needed to pee, and since no one was around he just unzipped and went. This was too much, and I started peeing in my pants hard, instantly. I started walking around squeezing myself with both hands but I could not even slow the flow. Thinking I walked away to give him privacy he said he did not care if I saw him pee. I did not tell him that I was peeing also but in my pants. 

I don’t know why I didn’t do as he did except that I was taught to control myself and peeing outside was wrong. So I wet my pants instead, for which I would have been punished if they had not dried. I guess my mother did not notice even though I peed in them twice. By the time I got the flow stopped, although somehow I kept my outer pants from getting wet my briefs were completely soaked. For that, I thank the absorbency of my white cotton briefs .My bladder still was not empty, and was sore and I needed to pee again in a little while by the time I found a bathroom I drained it completely, sometime later.

Part 2

About 2 years later I think I was 11, my parents sent me to day camp for 2 weeks. This place was primarily set up for full time campers that slept, and had bathroom facilities in barrack like structures. We day campers had a single toilet facility in the rear of a small building that we changed in. The bathroom was always kept locked even when we were in the area of the building and we had to ask our coach to open it. This spot was well away from where the activities took place, so we were away from it most of the day.

Aside from other activities we had swimming lessons in the morning and free swim after lunch, weather permitting.

On our first day there I needed to pee badly by late morning, but managed to hang on until our afternoon swim. We were not given any opportunity to relieve ourselves, without asking and there were no restrooms at the pool. Since I was trained that peeing in the pool was wrong, when I felt like I was about to lose control, I got out of the pool grabbing myself, and squirming my legs back and forth. Another boy asked me if I had to go, and since I was about to start any second I said yes. He said it was not right they gave us day campers no opportunity to pee without individually asking so; he just let it out in the pool. Since could not hold it a second longer, and was going to pee anyway, I jumped into the pool. I started peeing instantly. I found this a preferable solution and would deliberately just go in the pool in the morning and afternoon, whenever I felt the urge.

I have to believe that most of us were doing this as it was rare that someone asked if they could use the bathroom, and it was a big production. We had to get someone to bring us into one of the barracks as the activity room had no bathrooms for us either. I only remember tagging along with someone else who asked once.

This arrangement worked fine until the last few days of camp when it was to chilly to go swimming. I tried to limit my fluid intake and was able to hold on much longer than I expected. Camp was 8AM -4PM, so by 3:30 we were back up in the day campers building, where the bathroom was kept locked except when someone asked to use it. I wonder now if coach liked to see desperate boys saying they had to go. Some boys snuck behind the building to go and were called out and punished in front of the group.

By 3:30 on this particular day I somehow had not peed since I left the house in the morning, but I was extremely desperate. At this age I usually did not get much sensation in my bladder, just in my penis. However that day my bladder felt full and the pressure at my pee hole was intense. I struggled to hold on a few minutes longer by squeezing myself hard and doing a pee-pee dance. With my pee about to come out I made a quick dash behind the building and unzipped myself and peed. Until that day I never had peed that long or as hard. I peed forever, making a big bubbly puddle on the ground. It was either that, or do it in my pants, since nobody wan ted to ask the coach, least of all me .I got called out by the coach for doing it however.

Therefore, the next day when again no pool activities, I decided not to repeat what I had done the day before. Fortunately I did not have to go quite as bad, and although it was necessary to hold myself I was able to hold on a while longer. At 4PM those going on the bus left and I went down to the office area to wait for my father to pick me up on the way home from work at about 4:20 followed by a 20 minute ride home.

By 4:00 I was just as desperate as the day before. I was also thirsty from not drinking much all day. I made the mistake of going inside to get a drink from the water fountain. Although I was already desperate and squeezing myself and squirming, to try to hold back my pee, the drink brought me right to the brink. There was no one in the office for me to even ask for a place to go. Then the phone rang and somebody appeared to answer it. He asked why I did not answer it. I said I did not know I was supposed to. I did not add that I could not stand still, because I was about to wet my pants, although it was obvious from my dancing and grabbing.

Since my father was going to pick me up soon, and remembering the huge amount I peed the previous day, I did not want to wet my pants afraid all that pee would make it obvious. So I decided to go in a nearby wooded area. I did not make it. About half way there, despite my holding my penis tightly, my pee forced its way out. By this age I guess I had enough control, that although my white cotton briefs got quite wet, I was able to stop the flow before it soaked through to my pants.

Looking back on it being able to not pee from when I left the house around 7:15 AM until 4PM at age 11 was quite an accomplishment. I almost held it an entire adult day, only being unable to hold it until late in the day. Even then I only partly wet myself. This bladder control serve me well in my high school days, when I frequently held it 7AM -5PM. Although this hurt I always arrived home dry.

OK for some reason perhaps since I am adding to my original post right away , with no replies in between it is not letting me break these stories up.

Part 3

About a year later at age 12, actually almost 13 I went to a friend’s house for the day. This was during the winter though. He was a big guy who never seemed to need to go. I made sure I went before my father dropped me off there about 9 AM.

After lunch I began to need to pee badly, but was considered too old to old myself, so I forced myself to refrain except when I thought nobody was looking. We went bowling at a nearby alley, where I could have looked for the restroom but didn’t. It started snowing, and he had to deliver the afternoon newspaper so we rode bikes in the snow doing this, all the while I was still holding my pee, because I never saw him go.

About 3 hours went by since I needed to go, it was about 3:30PM and I had to go really bad. We went sledding in the fresh snow in his front yard. There was a big jump off where we landed in his driveway. The jolt was too much for my straining bladder. With my pee about to come out I desperately pressed against my penis through my winter coat. He saw this and asked if I needed to go someplace, but a few seconds later I started going in my pants. I kept pressing myself and after about 10 seconds of terror, fearing I was going to embarrass myself , by soaking my pants in front of him , I managed to stop peeing.

Again my briefs were wet, but the absorbance of the white cotton served me well, there was no external damage. I asked him what he meant by going someplace. He probably knew I had done some in my pants. Although the extreme pressure was relived I still needed to pee. This need intensified greatly over the next 3 hours or so. Without any jolts jarring my bladder I was able to hold it in, with the help of my hand when nobody was looking. I did not pee the rest of the day

After dinner his parents dropped me off at home on the way to Church. He had 6 brothers and we all climbed into the family van. By this time I had to pee worse than I ever had in my life. To say I was desperate was an understatement. OMG everything hurt like never before. My bladder holding 9 hours of urine minus what I had leaked was painfully stretched. My entire penis throbbed. The pressure at my pee hole was unbelievably intense. It literally felt like it was going to explode.

Fortunately it was dark so nobody could see I had both hands tightly squeezing my penis, I was so close to a huge wetting, I feared one hand would not stop it. I was squirming my legs as well. It did not matter if they did notice, because I was about to wet my pants at any second. I knew for certain this would be unlike any previous accident I had. I would not just wet my underwear like I had done earlier in the day, or any other time for that matter. This was about to be a huge soaker, wetting not only my pants but making a huge puddle on the car seat getting the others wet as well. This would be awful.

Somehow I managed to hold on through shear willpower, and fear of being mortified. How would that have gone over if I not only wet my pants, but got others on the way to church wet as well. There was so much pee in my bladder I could not believe I had held it all, or not gone at my friend’s house. I knew full well I had not peed all day and how badly I needed to go for a long time. He must have gone at some point; especially since he was going to church but I never saw it.

I ran into the house, bent over holding myself tightly. It was better my family saw that then me wetting my pants. I rushed to the bathroom, but I had to let go of my penis to get it out of my pants. Thinking quickly as I had no time left I unsnapped my pants and slid one hand inside. I released my hand on the outside my pants and grabbed myself on inside. In the exchange I started to pee a bit in my pants, but it was less than it would have been, at least I slowed the flow a bit until I was free of my pants. I then peed for the hardest and for the longest time ever in my young life, perhaps rivaling my adult times. The relief was enormous, and somehow sexually arousing.

If I had to wait just a few minutes longer I would have done all that pee in my friend’s car.

I said throughout these 3 stories That through my mother’s choice I was wearing white cotton briefs, and I was glad for that ; because of their superior absorbency I was able to limit all my wettings to just my underwear. I still wear them to this day because I enjoy the way that absorbency feels when I “accidently “on purpose wet my pants.

Speaking of needing to pee I said when I posted my adult unplanned wetting story that I needed to pee. I have not moved and have been working on this series ever since. I just noticed that was almost 4 hours ago. I have been distracted by my work, and did not realize that much time had passed. No wonder I have to pee so badly, and have been squirming and needing to occasionally grab myself for some time.

