Planned wetting - much more fun than expected!

Author: jeanvaljean

*000*2013-04-04 00:00

I guess it's about time, as a newish member, to consolidate my position within this community and share another of my wetting experiences. As I've said previously, I do not actually wet very often in real life, don't have much time for this, but I was free this Sunday evening and didn't feel like going out. However, I didn't want to be bored either. What better pretext to wet myself?! I want to point out that this wetting was completely planned and pretty much falls in the category of roleplayed wetting scenario in real life. However, it was surprisingly fun! And hot!

I wanted to have a proper "accident" (which was still planned :P), I wanted to have an involuntary wetting, I wanted the pee to come out on its own, I wanted to be so desperate I will end up wetting my jeans whether I liked it or not and without being able to stop or do anything about it. I also wanted to make it seem real, since a friend here told me about all this little scenarios she plays to make her wetting seem as an accident. Since so many girls do this and have proper wet and sexy fun, I said to myself I should try it as well, given the fact I have such a dirty imagination.

I started drinking water well before holding, and when i felt that my bladder was getting filled up constantly, I just went for a piss to get everything out and started my hold. I locked the bathroom door and put the key under the bed, so it will be very uncomfortable to get it with a full bladder.

As I know people like to picture me as I wet, just some details on the clothing... I had a pair of purple boxers and some lee cooper jeans on. I also and a pair of white ankle socks and an immense mood for wetting and pushing my bladder to its limits. Every 20 minutes I kept drinking a mug of water (250 ml) which were just running through me.

I went on skype with a friend I've fucked a couple of times. She is in another country now so I figured she'd love to have a chat. And she did. And the idea of holding and being absolutely bursting for a piss while talking to someone and trying to hide that fact seemed very sexy to me and also helped make the whole scenario more realistic. We talked for an hour and a half, in which I drank 1.5 litres of water. At one point, she said I am drinking so much water and I replied to her I am thirsty. The best part was when she actually asked me if I need the loo and, of course, I denied, in spite of the fact that I was bursting and I was grabbing my hard cock under the desk :P I felt so turned on, so naughty at that point, being given the opportunity to relieve my overfilled bladder, and yet I chose to hold it!

I've finished the chat with her, since I had other plans in mind. I needed to do some shopping. To reenact the daily situation in which someone gets home desperate, I went to my local shop to get some groceries. On the way back, I downed a whole bottle of coke. When I was back, I still wasn't desperate enough, so I decided the dirty plates needed a washing now.

This proved to be the best (or the worst) thing to do to while needing to pee so badly. And I had a ton of plates to wash. I was actually in pain right now and I was thinking of just letting it all go... However, I managed to keep holding. But that asked for so much effort. The front of my jeans was already wet because I needed to grab my cock with wet hands every now and then when I felt a spurt is about to come. Pee dancing doesn't help me, nor crossing legs, but what I was doing was to squeeze my legs tightly together and bob up and down, like doing semi squats. Also hopping from one foot to the other. I was shaking like that for the whole duration.

When I finished, I was literally on the verge of wetting myself. A powerful thrill, a little chill down the back as you realise your body is about to take charge and do on its own what you do not approve of yet. As I didn't want to let go, I decided to put my aching bladder through a final torture. I got my shoes and jacket on again and just went outside, locking the door with all the locks (I have like three in total). I just walked 20 metres and then returned as if I was coming home from town. Unlocking the door took me ages, as I kept "forgetting" I locked all the three locks. One hand buried deep in my jeans grabbing my hard cock so tightly it hurt, it was more than obvious that I will not make it to the bathroom which is upstairs in time. No matter how quick I run, no matter is I teleport, no matter if a toilet magically appeared in front of me. It was an obvious fact I will not manage to get my cock out in time to pee.

After quickly removing my shoes, I started spurting uncontrollably while running up the stairs. Somehow, I eventually reached the bathroom door, being inches away from relief. But then... BAM! The door was locked!!! At that point, I completely lost it. The floodgates opened and I experienced the strongest, most powerful relief ever! Ten times better and stronger than any cum shot! I was pinching my foreskin to try and stop the pee from coming out somehow, but every time my foreskin got swollen up like a balloon and had to release it with huge amounts of pee coming out at the same time. I was still trying to open the door and get to the toilet, but to no avail. Finally, I decided my bladder won so I let it do its thing and I thoroughly enjoy the moment.

I just completely relaxed, jeans already soaked, and let out a a continuous and powerful stream of hissing piss. My foreskin was vibrating against the tight boxers and I was feeling how the cotton boxers could not keep up and soak all the pee that was coming out. I was peeing that much. The smell of wet denim was filling the air and the feel of warm pee running down my legs felt like the most sensuous touch ever. A large and warm puddle was forming under my feet on the hardwood floor as I completely managed to soak both of my socks entirely. They actually went almost transparent. I just love the look of wet socks on a girl's feet, but the view of my own socks and feet in that state turned me on equally.

There I was, standing in a puddle of my own pee, the front of my jeans totally soaked and rubbing my throbbing dick through the wet material of my boxers. I just love the feel of wet cotton against my cock anc balls. I needed to cum so bad! I masturbated for the next 10 minutes until I and eventually orgasmed. A huge shot filled my boxers. I removed everything I was wearing, apart of my socks and soaked boxers and started to mop the puddle. When I finished, I just went for a well deserved shower.

Staying inside proved to be not such a bad idea in the end :P

I hope you guys enjoyed my experience!

Feel free to leave any feedback, what you liked most or what aspects seemed hot to you. I appreciate any encouragements, since I am not much of a writer :P It would also be nice to know if there is any point to sharing my experiences and if anybody else besides me enjoys this!

Hope you liked it! :D

*002*2013-04-07 13:31

Thank you for the feedback! I am really glad you enjoyed!

*004*2013-04-10 22:12

{{ 

Very hot story, thanks for sharing! Would've loved to be in the bathroom while you were peeing yourself in front of it, then come out and find you there, standing in your pee-soaked jeans. ;)

}}

Thank you Wolf! Your feedback is, as always, more than welcomed! I am glad you liked my experience!

And I too think it would've turned out interesting if you were inside the bathroom as everything was happening :P

