Telling a Wetting Story while Desperate

Author: anon789

*000*2016-02-15 15:19

Hi all. This is a true story from a couple summers ago. Enjoy! If you want to skip the background, just go to the ***

Two summers ago, I was spending time in Italy to do some materials science research with a graduate student mentor. She was a tall, pale-skinned girl with short brown hair of about 25 years of age at the time. Let's call her Maria for privacy's sake. Well, being in Italy all summer, we decided to take several weekends to go out on various excursions to see the rest of the country. 

Our home base was in Lecce, and one extended weekend we decided to have an extended trip. We needed to go to Rome to drop off some samples with our professor, and ended up staying in the city for a couple days to explore "il Foro Romano", "il Colosseo", and some catacombs, among other things. It's a big ass city. Anyway, afterwards we decided to visit a few cities along the way back to Lecce (which resides on the heel of the Italian boot). Among these included Naples, Salerno, Paestum, la Costiera Amalfitana, and Capri. The first was Naples, at which we got to see Mt. Vesuvius, that famous mosaic of Alexander the Great, and eat some, well, pizza di Napoli. xD Later that night, we took a train to Salerno, a coast city.

At Salerno, we booked a room at a hotel (no, we weren't going to do separate rooms, that'd be super expensive. Could've done a hostel I suppose, but we didn't). We stayed overnight, had some breakfast there, and before seeing the rest of Salerno (there really wasn't that much to see besides some mountains and a beach), we took a 1-hr ride over to the ancient Greek settlement of Paestum. There we saw and walked through Greek ruins, saw a couple massive temples, explored a museum, and went to a restaurant to eat the region's (Campania) pride and treasure: a ball of mozzarella. And some Aglianico wine that tasted heavily of garlic, which is appropriate given it's name ("aglio" means garlic). Tastes kinda good. :)

***

Throughout the day in Paestum, Maria had been drinking much more than I had, and perhaps drank more wine than I had as well, which tends to take a hefty toll on her muscles and her ability to be reserved on talking about personal matters. We caught the bus heading back to Salerno, which is about an hour drive. Half-way through, in the midst of having a conversation, she suddenly told me that she really needed to pee. I didn't even notice any signs, yet right in front me, without even asking, she began unbuttoning her blue jeans to relieve the pressure. "I hope you don't mind," she says. "Not at all, think you can hold it?"

"Maybe..." Maria then proceeds to explain how back in college she experienced an accidental wetting, without any prompting on my part. When she was 20 years old or so, she found herself out all night with friends drinking up a storm. 

After whatever party she attended, she made her way back to her dorm, alone, and found herself in front of her locked door. All along the way to her dorm she was bursting, periodically having to stop and hold as hard as she could, and this locked door, as "classic" a scenario as it is, she said, was pretty much the last straw for her. Starting to leak, she couldn't rummage through her keys on time, and, fortunately, being the only one in the hallway, she decided to just let it all go. She soaked her jeans instantly and felt a massive amount of relief and "warmth", leaving a noticeable puddle on the floor. She didn't care, and simply unlocked the door, stripped off her clothes, and took a shower.

But recall, this was her story from 5 years prior. What about now, as she fidgets with her jeans unbuttoned? I really wanted her to lose it, but perhaps not on the bus...

We arrived at Salerno and she made it off the bus without any damage, but we definitely paced quickly towards the hotel - which was initially hard to find from the bus stop - perhaps adding to her frantic desperation. Just before reaching the hotel, I hear "oh no..." in a broken voice as though tears are being held back, and I saw Maria stand still and make some strange movements...and thought I noticed a small wet patch forming under her butt. At this point, we pretty much run into the hotel, up to our room, and I see her more frenzied than I'd ever seen her before. It required only a card, so it was quick to open. However, the moment I opened that door, she rushed into the bathroom, closing the door, and made the most audible stream I've ever heard in my life.

In the meantime, I walked over to the bed and sit down, taking off my shoes and whatnot, and eventually she came out, slowly...I tried not to stare, but I then took my turn in the bathroom. I take a shower and stuff, come out, and I find her in her pajama pants with no trace of her jeans, which I assumed she put away into a bag.

Alas, I couldn't just ask her about it, as at the time she was my professional partner, not my girlfriend, who was living in the US still. Would've been kinda uncool to get any more into it... :(

*002*2016-02-17 20:42

Just what I thought to have been a little bit before running into the hotel, but otherwise no. :(

