Dr. Pepper Sin

Author: peeletxbuddy

*000*2015-11-25 05:24

So, last night I did a hold. I had left some Dr. Pepper unfinished and I was determined to finish it without peeing. I alternated between water and soda so I wouldn't get bloated as quickly.

I started at 6 P.M and drank a cup every 15 minutes.

7:00 P.M: My bladder felt more prepared this time around. I had decided beforehand to not use my hands until I started to leak. I wanted to main part of this hold to be based on pure willpower. (5 cups consumed) Desperation Scale: 1.5/10

7:30 P.M: My bladder started to get filled with the Dr. Pepper and water and I had a "want" to pee. I wasn't desperate, but I just wanted to go. It's like you have something in your shoe, it's not hurting you, but it just bugs you and you want to get it out. (7 cups consumed) Desperation Scale: 4/10

8:00 P.M: My legs were swaying back and forth. I didn't need to keep them together. I could keep them still for a little bit. But after a while, I needed to get them moving. I still refused to use my hands, but my bladder was starting to feel like it was getting filled. (9 cups consumed) Desperation Scale: 5/10

8:15 P.M: My need to pee went away for a good 15 minutes. My penis shrunk and I wasn't feeling any pressure to go. I did feel full of liquids though. I was actually watching a video about a girl holding her pee on a bumpy road and each time she hit a bump, I jumped up and down. It didn't do anything, but it was fun! :) (10 cups consumed) Desperation Scale: 4.5/10

8:30 P.M: Remember when I said I didn't need to pee earlier? Forget that, I was desperate to go. At this point, I think I was leaking drops, but nothing was showing on my pants just yet. My pee was attempting to escape prison, but my guards had it under control. Despite all that, I still refused to use my hands. My legs were doing a huge potty dance though. (11 cups consumed) Desperation Scale: 7.5/10

8:45 P.M: I was bursting to pee. I did confirm that drops were coming out of my penis. I tried to hold it back, but they just wanted to come out and play. It left a marble to golf ball sized stain on my pants, depending on when you're asking. I had completed the Dr. Pepper though, but I wanted to push myself. Oh yeah, during this time, I would finally use my hands. (12 cups consumed) Desperation Scale: 9/10

9:00 P.M: I was still bursting to pee. I couldn't even type right anymore. If you want to see actual examples, go look on the Live Omorashi forum. (Page 615) Haha! (13 cups consumed) Desperation Scale: 10/10

9:15. I peed myself. But I was fighting until the bitter end. I only had one more cup of water to drink, but I didn't even get a chance. Each time I'd let go of my penis, small streams were popping out into my jeans. At this time, I tried to get hard and see if that would help, but it was so difficult, even thinking anything sexual that would normally turn me on didn't work because I needed to pee that badly.

After a while, I was able to get hard and decided to cum before attempting to drink the rest of the water. Big mistake! I let out the cum and my pee shot straight down my leg. It felt so good though! I peed for what felt like 4-5 minutes.

I also included pictures below. I forgot to take one of my soaked jeans. Please forgive me on that part! I hope you enjoyed the narrative!

*006*2015-11-28 01:24

{{ 

Did you call this the Dr. Pepper Sin because of what a certain someone said about you not finishing the Dr. Pepper?

}}

Partially, but she had a point that it was a sin if I don't finish the Dr. Pepper. I needed to be redeemed.

{{ 

Dr. Pepper god soda.

}}

A miracle from God's hand sent to man for glorious consumption. Not a drop must be wasted!

