Ashley's Wondrous Discovery

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2015-04-10 06:55

As some of you all may notice, I haven’t posted in a fair while unfortunately. This is due to the fact that my family is actually renovating the entire interior of their house, so I’d offered to let them stay at the house I share with my roommates. Which basically means that I’ve been as chaste as a nun and my panties have been as dry as a desert. My baby-belly however is really showing and according to recent tests, I’m going to have a very healthy baby :)

(you probably want me to get to the story now… “C’mon, Ash! Get on with it!”)

So today I was home alone. Emily and Beth were at work. My mom and dad were at work. My brother was at hockey practice. And me? I was doing laundry. I was sorting all the clothes into colors for all the different loads I’d do when I noticed something interesting. I found this pair of boxer briefs that must belong to my brother. They were really colorful and looked like they had gummy candies all over them. It was actually really cool!!! I looked inside them and saw a layer of cotton on the crotch area and instantly got aroused. “I wonder if he’ll notice that they’re gone if I take them…” I muttered softly to myself. I stood up in the middle of all the laundry piles and slipped down my jeggings followed by my panties. I stepped into the boxer briefs and found that they were super comfortable! I moaned softly and let my hand rub over my crotch and my little butt cheeks to the feel of the fabric. Within seconds, I was horny to a point where my pussy was soaked (not with pee).

I tip toed out of the laundry room and went to the bathroom upstairs where I stepped into the shower. Now that I realize it, I’m so accustomed to this fetish that I no longer have to try to pee, it’s so easy for me now! I instantly begin to let a little trickle of pee soak gently into the fabric. I moan a little louder and let myself loose a little more pee. Already the front and the underpart of the underwear were soaked and a steady stream of pee fell from the leg openings onto the floor of the shower. I was so aroused, it wasn’t even funny. I then forced as much pee out as humanly possible which made pee EXPLODE out the front and completely drench most of the garment. I felt an orgasm coming and sat myself down with my hand on my panties which I was still forcing pee out of with little pulses. I rubbed my pussy up and down as I peed and ferociously orgasmed with flying colors.

I stood back up again and pulled the front of the boxer briefs aside, not even bothering to fully take them off, and revealed my wet shaved pussy. I quickly began stimulating my clit and manipulating all the skin around it in many different ways. After several more orgasms and a shower I finally ringed out the underwear and brought them back downstairs to put in the wash. I walk into the kitchen with only a slightly oversized shirt on, my panties and jeggings were still in the laundry room. I reached under my shirt and gently grazed over my vagina. The gentle touch instantly made me need to pee without warning and I started spraying warm pee all over the kitchen floor. “Fuck!!” I screamed as I tried to stop the flow. I lunged for the paper towels but ended up slipping on my own piss and landed in the considerably large puddle of pee. I sat up on my butt and sighed in defeat as a few more streams of pee pushed themselves out of my pee hole.

I rubbed my baby belly and talked to the fetus inside me, “I hope you don’t make all the crappy decisions I make in life.” I lean closer to my belly and whisper, “just so you know… Having a pee fetish isn’t a crappy decision”

After a little bit of clean up, I finally got the place in order and left 0 evidence of any sort of shenaniganary!

Thanks for the support! :) <3

*003*2015-04-11 05:15

{{ 

Congrats on your baby I hope all is well, thank you for you story, if you brother only knew, Mom!!!! sis just peed my pants LOL I as a dad I could just here that one.

}}

I know right?!?! It's so naughty!! :)

{{ 

Great story, Ash! I hope your collapse onto the kitchen floor didn't jiggle Junior too much. I wonder how all those endorphins from an orgasm affect a fetus. Maybe the little thing is even more contented than usual after your pleasure yourself.

You said that your brother's boxer briefs had a layer of cotton in the crotch area. Is that common for male underwear? I thought that only women's shorts had a more absorbent area in the crotch, but then I wear mostly black briefs, not boxers, so I don't really know. Does your brother have a girl friend?

}}

Yeah, baby's fine :) I felt her heartbeat after. It always helps put me to sleep in a way :)

AND THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT TOO!! IVE NEVER SEEN THIS IN BOYS UNDERWEAR BEFORE (and I've seen a lot from when I was a slut and fully straight). I know they were boy's boxer briefs (I checked the tag). And yeah he has a girlfriend (I have some great stories about her too... *sarcasm* #IDontApproveOfHer )

*008*2015-04-13 03:10

{{ 

You just happen to be the cutest person i can imagine. IDK if your profile picture is really you, but i hope it is, because i imagine that person in your story. :)

}}

Unfortunately it's not ;_; but it's a picture Alexis showed me because apparently I look a lot like it (I don't see it haha){{

I know you're no longer "fully straight" from you fantastic stories of wet sex with your girl friends, Are you no longer sleeping around with guys? Have you given up your wilder ways to protect your baby?

}}

I'm currently 100% no-sex with ANYONE until the baby's out in mid August :)

*012*2015-04-18 07:05

Thanks everybody!!

AND HELL NO TO SMOKING AND DRUGS!! It took so much of me to quit smoking when I was 16 and it took even more to quit drinking when I was 17... I'm not gonna do it ever again until I'm of legal age (except for smoking... Cause that sucked)

*015*2015-04-23 05:29

{{ 

How is the baby doing, please take good care of yourself. Children are so special I have 3 plus one acquired child and 2 granddaughters. When is the due date. If you are anything like my wife in the last couple of months you will not have to create accidents they will happen on their own. Best of luck Ashley

}}

Baby's doing great, I'm just getting a few scans done as I near the big day. The EXPECTED date was actually around August 13-16th, but the baby's a little bigger than normal and might potentially come out around the end of June or the beginning of July!! Kind of scary to think about!!

{{ 

Pregnancy is a great time to pee anytime you like!

}}

... Isn't it though <3_<3

*018*2015-06-01 05:36

{{ 

You have so many great stories to tell... And you write them so well... I have read almost all of them but I commented know because I finally got the guts to... :-D They really turn me on and make me want to try more things...

}}

Awe thank you so much!!! :DDD

{{ 

Wow, you are a really great storyteller! Such a fun read, and good luck with the baby!

}}

Thanks hun :)

