I Peed My Pants

Author: Minnie

*000*2014-01-27 02:57

So I decided today that I was going to drink as much water as I could and hold it as long as possible before I peed myself. I started out by chugging back one full glass of water and then downing another glass about 5 minutes later. After around 20 minutes of waiting, I started to have to pee pretty bad. So, I got up and drank another glass of water and poured myself another one. The last time I tried this, I only needed 3 glasses of water before my bladder was full to bursting. I figured 4 glasses would definitely do it. So I put on a pair of black pants and went into the bathroom to drink my final glass of water. I spread out a towel to get ready for the imminent flood that was about to happen in my pants.

I turned on the bathtub tap so I could soak after I was done and the running water really made my need to piss more urgent. I started squirming and bouncing while holding myself as I was trying to keep everything in. My bladder was swollen out from my belly, showing an obvious bump. I pressed on my bladder as hard as I could and a little bit of pee spurted out in my pants. My legs started shaking and I let out another squirt of pee. After that, I just couldn't hold back and my bladder emptied itself into my pants. I could hear it hissing against the fabric as the dark spot on my pants grew larger and larger. It felt sooo good finally being able to piss after holding it all for so long. I completely soaked my pants and left a huge puddle at my feet in the towel. It was an amazing experience.

*005*2014-01-27 17:48

{{ 

Soooo nice to read such arousing story .

I've tried this out with my gf to press on her swollen bladder.....that brings her to ecstasy everytime I do it.

You should definitely try to squeeze your bladder mopre than once while holding KinkiJinkii I recommend it. Specially if you do so while having your legs spread guaranteed!

}}

Thanks for the advice! If me and my fiancé ever try anything out, I'll let him know, too :)

