Woke up wetting myself, and remember the details

Author: Barry

*000*2019-11-24 22:28

I drank too much at a party on Friday night, and ended up falling asleep on my bed while still clothed, and wet myself.

This has happened on only two prior occasions in my life, although on one of those occasions I actually did it twice, once on the sofa and then later in bed.

What made this one more memorable, was I actually woke up while peeing, and I remember it!

Like a lot of people here, I find bed wetting kind of a turn on, and I’ve done it before on purpose, sometimes in diapers. There’s been lots of times I’ve laid on towels and plastic and wet in the bed, trying to create a realistic scenario to see what it’s like.Ive always wondered about stuff like how it comes out. Does it gush out like if you go to the toilet, or is it a slow leak, or a trickle?

Now I know!

I was wearing lightweight black jeans, and satin boxers, with a dress shirt, and I fell asleep laying on my back. I have no idea how long I was asleep for, and admittedly, I was quite drunk, falling asleep with the light on.

I woke up, and could feel a steady, slow trickle running down my left inner thigh, with the familiar warm wet feeling that we know so well. My drunk brain to a few seconds to process this, as I suddenly became aware that I was actually wetting myself, although I didn’t actually feel any need to go! I tried to stop, but I couldn’t. It was like I was completely disengaged from my nether regions. I certainly felt no desperation at all, but I was steadily and constantly leaking, and I simply couldn’t stop.

I grabbed at my crotch, which only changed the direction of the flow, and bought my knees up, which made my butt get a good trickle pouring over it. I managed to eventually sit up, and even then, it was a couple of seconds before I was finally able to stop, probably because I was almost empty.

My jeans were completely soaked to half thigh both front and back, and the bed had a huge wet spot on it.

Needless to say, my wife wasn’t impressed when I stumbled out and told her, especially since I’d managed to pee on her side..... She slept in the spare room.

$$

*005*2019-11-25 22:18

{{3 hours ago, BladderLad said:

Great account- an experience I would like to have- when sober can you hold quite well? A reasonable amount?

}}

As an adult, I’ve always had a strong bladder, but as I get older, (I’m 51) it’s getting harder. My bladder isn’t weak, and I don’t have accidents, but it seems like it’s more uncomfortable to hold now. I’ve always been able to hold for hours, but I just find it way too distracting now.

Alcohol makes it worse, and I’m not just talking about being drunk either. It’s the classic “break the seal” scenario. After a few beers I’ll need to go, then it’ll be like every 20 minutes after that. I’ll wake up at least once a night to pee if I’m not drinking, maybe 2/3 times if beer is involved.

I play sport, and our team travels to other clubs on a bus. Usually no more than an hour away. A couple of beers after the game, and the bus will be making a pit stop on the way back to our club.

