Morning White Boxer-trunk wetting

Author: Waittowee

*000*2013-01-27 12:03

So after last nights long hold and the huge amount of liquid consumed, it was no surprise that I woke up this morning needing to pee! I haven't made a video in ages, so I thought I'd do one.

I lay in bed a while, enjoying the warm cosiness under the covers, the feeling of pressure in my bladder, and the strong, tingling urge in the tip of my penis. As I lay, I squirmed slightly, clenching against the urge to pee, occasionally holding and squeezing myself to numb the growing sensation for a moment. I was expecting the decorators to arrive to do some work this morning, so I couldn't hold as long as I'd have liked, but after half an hour or so the urge was very strong. I got up, stood, felt gravity come into play, intensifying the tingling and increasing the feeling of pressure against my muscles. I took off my pyjama bottoms, the nakedness mentally preparing my body for release as if I was in front of the toilet. Clenching hard, I slipped on my white boxer-trunks, then put my pyjamas back on.

I wasn't quite ready to give up yet, so sitting again, and squirming slightly I rolled a cigarette, stood, and went out onto the fire escape for a smoke. The cold morning air hit me as I shut the door behind me, intensifying the urge. I clenched hard, crossed my legs and bent slightly, squeezing my thighs together, helping my muscles to hold back my bladders desire to empty. I inhaled deeply on the cigarette, enjoying the first rush of nicotine of the day, and straightened. I paced around a little as I smoked, occasionally stopping and squeezing my thighs together, clenching my muscles harder and harder as the waves of desperation hit me. I banned myself from holding myself or squeezing myself, as I didn't have the time to reach the level of desperation where I would wet myself against even that. I felt the dry cloth of my boxers against me, the tingling tip of my penis urging me to wet them, the pressure in my bladder pressing down on my clenched muscles.

I squatted down to stub out my cigarette, put it in the plastic bottle I use as a butt bin, straightened, squeezed my thighs together hard and clenched against the string urge the movement caused. Went back inside, shut the door behind me. Clench. Harder. Must get into the bathroom and the shower before I can wet. Clench. Feeling my muscles quivering with the effort, resisting the almost overwhelming instinct to grab myself and squeeze to numb the tingling, I grabbed my phone and towel and went into the bathroom. Set up the phone. Hit record. Clench. Crossed my legs, bent forward, numbing the urge for a moment. I straightened, slipped off my pyjama bottoms again, leaving my boxers on. Stepped into the tub. Fought the urge, clenched my quivering muscles. Then felt the first few drops slip out, squeezing past my sphincter, spurting and dribbling their way through my penis, out of the tingling, urging tip and into the dry white cotton of my boxers.

%whiteboxerwetsmaller.mov

It wasn't the longest or biggest pee, certainly not as big as last night, but it had the urgency of that first morning pee of the day, hard to hold back no matter how little is inside you. I felt a lot of relief as I finally flooded my boxers, the urge subsiding as the warm wetness flowed out of me and ran into my boxers and down my legs....

*002*2013-01-29 07:41

Thanks, glad you liked it!

