College Incident

Author: Guest catiejohnson

*000*2014-09-05 07:56

This happened during the spring of my senior year in college. My school was on trimesters and I was planning to graduate early- I was all set up with a dream job in the city, and set to start it about a month after I finished my exams, once I officially had my degree.

I was even more excited for my last day of college because my final exam was in history, and a boy named Josh was in my class. He was a year younger than me, but we had been sleeping together on and off since his first week on campus. I had briefly had a full-time boyfriend named alex during my junior year, because Josh slept with a lot of girls. He was totally up front about this so I couldn't really get mad about it, but I did want more of a commitment, but josh was so much better in bed than Alex that I couldn't think about anything else. I woke up that morning, with my final 2 exams in front of me, but hope of seducing josh into a longer-term relationship on my mind.

It wasn't that unrealistic, as I told myself while I walked to my statistics exam, sipping my large cup of coffee. Josh and I had been together several times recently, and he was only in school because he had an academic scholarship- his family had no money. I was about to get a nice salary- that might make him commit. I took another swig of coffee-I had been up studying late because I needed a great grade on the history exam. Our teacher had lived through the depression and was very boring. I had fallen asleep during a couple lectures and had been up most of the night before our midterm with Josh, which had been a lot of fun, but had caused me to get a D on our only midterm.

My first exam went great, but I had written until the last second, and had to hurry across campus to my history exam, which started immediately afterwards. It was a beautiful day outside, and I was wearing tan Capri pants with a light blue top, carrying nothing but a small purse, as all I needed to bring to the exams was my pencils.

I needed to use the bathroom, but was already running late for the exam and decided to go to the classroom, get the instructions, and then use the restroom before completing the test. As I entered the lecture hall, our nasty old professor, who was in the middle of the instructions, stopped to address me.

"Not worth your bother to show up to my exam on time, young lady?"

I turned in surprise to face him. Turning red, I responded.

"I'm... I'm sorry, I had another exam and."

"Just take your seat. The exam is going to start."

Shaken, I turned and walked up, the last row. Josh was sitting in the top corner, and I took the seat next to him, becoming the only person in my column. He smiled at me and I felt my heart leap as I sat next to him.

The exams were passed out, and I briefly read the questions. I smiled, confident I could answer them, and started to write before a sudden spasm reminded me of my desperate need to use the restroom. I walked down and approached the professor, embarrassed that I had to admit my predicament to him. I asked him if I could take a quick bathroom break.

"No," he said, a cold stare on his face.

I froze.

"Why?"

"Had you shown up on time, you would have heard me remind the class to use the restroom, because I do not allow breaks in my exams. You just read every question- I watched you. If you leave the room, your exam is over."

The look on his face told me his decision was final. I walked slowly back to my seat. Josh smiled at me, but I couldn't return it.

I stared blankly at the exam, weighing my options. I had to pass this exam, but I didn't think I could hold it for ten minutes, much less two hours. I tried to put it out of my mind and focus on the test.

Five minutes into the first question, a sudden warmth hit my groin. I jammed my hand into my crotch, stopping the flow, stunned at what was happening.

Josh turned, a questioning smile on his face. I tried to meet it, but felt myself blush furiously.

This couldn't be happening. I had been a star athlete in high school, had been the class president. I had done internships, been a leader in my sorority, all to land the job I was weeks away from.

It was happening before I made a decision. I was trying to control my breathing, trying to keep the tears welling up in my eyes from falling, trying to hold it in. But I was wetting my pants, in a crowded lecture room, and it was too late to stop it.

I took deep breaths as I finished. I finally glanced down at my lap, and saw noticeable stains. I knew my butt was soaked. And there was still over an hour and a half left in the exam.

I thought I saw Josh glance in my direction, but somehow, nobody seemed to have notice what I had done. They were all too focused on their exams. Trying to block out the memories of the numerous nights I had a bit too much to drink and woke up in a wet bed, I got back to my exam, trying to focus on the job that was waiting for me.

The exam went well- I finished with fifteen minutes to spare. I looked around, and saw that only 2 or 3 people had left. I was surprised to see Josh there- he had finished the midterm in half the time of the rest of the class, but ended up setting the curve. I couldn't stand up, though- my pants were soaked in urine. I had nothing to cover myself with and I couldn't bring myself to walk past people in my condition, even if it was my last day of college. The stains were still obvious. I was uncomfortable, and I was cold. I desperately wanted to take a shower, and I wanted to go cry somewhere, because I knew that as soon as I stood up, my chances with Josh were over. Why couldn't he have finaished this exam faster?I started shaking, and felt myself on the vege of bursting out in tears again.

I was shocked out of my thoughts when josh stood up, packing up his stuff and pulling off his hoodie. He tossed it to me, then bent over and pretended to tie his shoe.

"Let's go, while everyone else is still distracted."

I couldn't believe he was helping me, but I couldn't think why else he would have given me the hoodie. I wrapped his hoddie around my waist- josh was almost 6'3 and it covered my rear. I held my purse in front of my soaked crotch and grabbed my paper, then followed him out of the room.

As soon as we were out of the building, I burst into tears.

Sorry everyone I'm tired and need to get to bed, I'll finish later, but things did turn out pretty ok for me on this one

