Trying Rapid Desperation

Author: Maya

*000*2015-01-28 01:01

I've been lurking for a while and enjoying everyone's stories so I figured it was time to post one of my own.

I love the excitement of needing to pee but I very rarely take it to the point of actually wetting. But I am going to wet myself tonight. I'm excited just thinking about it.

I've thought about trying the 'rapid desperation' method a few times but somehow never got around to it. For those unfamiliar, the way it works is to drink a set amount of water (10 - 12 oz (300 - 350ml or so) every fifteen minutes for one hour during which you pee normally - no holding. Then when the hour is up, you pee one last time and keep drinking the same amount every fifteen minutes - no more bathroom - until you lose control. The idea is that you get your body producing pee much faster than usual and end up getting desperate really fast.

6:50pm Right now I'm in prep mode. I started at 6:00pm and drank my last 10 oz before the hold five minutes ago. I can already see that this method works well. My first pee after drinking was just before 6:30pm but I peed again just before drinking the third glass only fifteen minutes later.

6:54pm I can already feel my bladder filling even though I peed 10 minutes ago. I'm going to wait until 7pm so I can start the hold with a nice empty bladder.

7:03pm That last pee felt really good. I drank the first 10oz glass for this hold, put on my yoga pants (don't want anything pressing on my bladder but I want something form fitting) and now I'm setting in to watch some tv.

I'm really curious about how long I can hold on. I am resolved to not let go - I'll release when my bladder makes the decision for me. My goal is to make it a full hour.

7:09pm This isn't going to take long. I peed ten minutes ago and I'm already feeling full. Not bursting and I can easily hold it. But I'd definitely be looking for a bathroom under normal circumstances.

7:19pm I drank my second 10 oz glass at 7:15pm and I really need to pee now. My bladder is approaching the bursting point. I can resist it - no danger of wetting yet - but I'm squirming and crossing my legs.

7:32 I just finished my third glass and I honestly doubt I'll make it another fifteen minutes. I'm getting strong urges to pee and pressing on my pussy very often. I'm really, really trying not to leak.

I had to stop typing as I was going because I had to pee so badly I couldn't concentrate on anything. At 7:40pm I dashed into the shower because I could feel myself starting to leak. By 7:43pm I was spurting completely uncontrollably. I was wetting myself completely a minute or two after that. I have no idea how anyone makes it to 50 minutes in one of these or beyond that.

I managed to grab my phone with the hand I wasn't desperately holding my crotch with and take a photo towards the end of the wetting. It was a great experience - really recommend it for anyone who hasn't tried it.

*003*2015-01-31 02:56

Go for it, Texas!

Greg, I read your experience and it was similar to mine at the beginning. Aside from the fact that men generally have a harder time losing control do to the difference in plumbing, I think your issue may have been that water was being diverted to other systems. If your bowels are soaking up the water it will mean it takes longer to lose control and also cause other issues. Eating lightly and staying hydrated a day before might help with that.

As far as things go with the waiting - I actually normally have a lot of trouble with that. Under normal circumstances without the rapid filling technique I end up giving in before i lose control because it gets painful which totally overshadows the pee urges. I don't like pain - I like the strong urge to pee. I can usually hold my bladder for hours - often longer than other women. But this just completely overwhelmed my system - my bladder just couldn't keep up.

I can't focus either when I'm really desperate. TV tends to help though - I just watch something mildy entertaining and mindless. It gives me something to do without being too brain intensive for my pee-addled brain to handle. When I was in the shower at the very end I put the radio on and entertained myself listening and "dancing" to the music. I was focused on the time on the clock, trying desperately to make it until 8pm. I was even willing to forgo the last cup - I clearly didn't need it and I could not imagine drinking more at that point.

I'll have to try this again to see if this method always has this effect on me or if I just got 'lucky' this time. Before I started I expected to at least make it to 7:50pm based on what other people had written in the original rapid desperation thread.

*005*2015-01-31 19:43

Gobphus, have you tried the rapid method? The advantage is that you don't have to drink that much at once and you don't have to deal with the "I have to pee enough that it's annoying and distracting but I'm not anywhere close to wetting" stage for nearly as long. For me it's about volume too. Once there's just too much liquid for me to handle pee just pushes its way past my closed sphincters. It's a really surreal feeling - truly losing control. I feel a spasm and then a rush of wetness. At first I don't even feel the sensation of peeing - that comes a bit later with bigger spurts and then there's that overwhelming sense of relief when I actually lose control.

I've never orgasmed from being desperate (although the internal pressure of a full bladder on the G-spot can be very stimulating) but I definitely have while wetting. Hands free. Combination of being really horny and desperate, the release of losing control and the feeling of the pee against my clit while wetting some very tight jeans.

*013*2015-02-07 03:24

Majeng, thanks for sharing. I have no idea how you lasted two hours. Out of curiosity how much is the maximum you can hold? I think my max is about 900ml. It sounds like you can hold 2 liters before you burst!

Texas, switch to drinking 350ml every 10 minutes. I would recommend that every other drink be something with electrolytes though if you do that. Like coconut water or gaterade. That should fill you up really fast without causing you to get too waterlogged mentally. It's important not to skip the prep phase with this though. You have to drink and pee for an hour before you start holding otherwise you won't fill up nearly as fast.

*017*2015-02-08 05:33

Gobphus, please do! I'd love to read about your experience with it.

Compared to majeng I have a pretty tiny bladder. If you can hold 1000ml or more it will take you an hour or more to lose control. 900ml is my all time max.

On the yoga pants front, I'm glad you liked the photo. I wet continuously but at first it was with a lot more force. About half way through when the white noise of relief cleared I had the presence of mind to be able to snap a photo. The two toned effect must have been due to the difference between the material that got wet at the beginning and the areas still being actively drenched.

