Anecdotes of my wife - Close call

Author: gus74

*000*2013-02-07 04:49

This happened a couple of months after summer holidays. My ex and I went out with a group of friends. We went to eat and she drunk a bottle of beer. When we left and were walking to the bus she told me "I should have gone to the bathroom inside, it's really urgent". She didn't say anything else until we sat on the bus, when she told me "I may put a show for you tonight, it depends on how much longer my body holds".

(Here I have to point out that she knew about my fetish and have peed herself many times for me, but only one time it wasn't "staged" -I mean, all the rest she really needed to go, but only ones she peed herself accidentally for real... 'til that day, and never in public)

She's not a "crotch holding" girl, but you could tell that she was needing to go... and that she was drunk (a lot of small laughing). The bus arrived to our stop and we were still 3 blocks away from our building. The first two she seemed to be holding fine, walking as fast as she could (she had jeans, and black boots with heels), but in the third one things begun to get complicate. She wasn't walking as well as before, and one time she had to stop a second crossing her legs and leaning against a wall (later she told me she almost lost it there).

We kept walking and finally arrived to our building, and lucky for her the elevator was there waiting. But we lived in a 11th floor and the journey was a torture (for her ;-)). She crossed her legs tight, bent over and stood there, with a few oohhs and aahhhs from time to time. I couldn't see much, not even in the mirrors of the elevator (it had mirrors in all three panels) but she was already leaking. When we arrived to our floor she told me to get out quickly and open the door for her. As I was doing so she got out of the elevator walking with her legs crossed and stopping here and there to hold, and yes, there was a small wet patch in the crotch of her jeans.

I opened the door and she entered behind me. I pointed her to the kitchen, that was just in front of the entrance and had tiles floor (the rest of the area, including the long hallway to the bathroom in the other end of the apartment, had "floating floor”, that gets ruined when wet). But she told me "no, I don't want to ruin my boots" and headed to the bathroom, still with her legs crossed and stopping now and then to regain control when she felt she was losing it. When I talked to her and looked at the front of her jeans there was a bigger wet patch, but still only in the crotch area, but when she turned to the bathroom I saw in the back of her jeans that the wetness had spread much more, extending to half her left chick and spreading down a little.

Finally she got to the bathroom and managed to let go most of her pee in the toilet (after struggling a little with her pants) but it was a moment to remember. I was lucky to have the digital camera near the door, so here you can find a few of the pictures I took that night.

Gus

