Discovered another wetter

Author: lawrencechris

*000*2014-05-18 13:25

I discover another wetter. I went hiking in a field the other day with an old friend. We actually had dated in college quite a while back. Anyway, I was horny and hadn't peed in a bit and decided to just let out a tiny bit. I peed a tiny squirt. It made a wet spot the size of a coin on the front of my jeans. It was small but since my jeans were light coloured, it was noticeable.

I was instantly embarrassed and also realized I was a lot more desperate than I had initially thought. I leaked a little more by accident and the wet spot was now the size of a tangerine. I casually kept pulling at my shirt to cover the wet spot. She caught me. She asked me what was wrong. I told her nothing but was getting fidgity. There was no one around but us but there were also no places to pee behind. She caught me tugging st my shirt, asked me what was wrong and pulled my shirt up to see what I was trying to hide.

What happened next blew me away. She just said, "Oh you have to pee....no biggie....just pee.....It's a hot day so your pants will dry by the time were done walking. She squeezed my hand and said just go. I did. I had to pee so bad it just hissed out of me. She just staired at me peeing. She asked if I felt better. She then held up her skirt and peed through her panties. I was so turned on by this time I just came in my jeans. We didn't talk much through the rest of the walk.

She was correct my jeans were pretty close to dry when we started back to her place. She told me that she really enjoyed watching me pee and that she was in fact peeing tiny bits in her panties to keep them wet. We had been continuing to drink copious amounts of water, due to the heat. We got back to her place and sat on her balcony, which was secluded. We started making out. She had changed into jeans but kept her wet panties on. It didn't matter because she let out small amounts of pee, wetting the ctotch of her jeans. She started rubbing me through my jeans and I her until we came. It was incredible.

