Audrey's reaction

Author: MeliahMetal

*000*2013-04-22 00:42

A long time ago, I told my girlfriend Audrey about my wetting fetish. I f you have not read it yet, read the first part of this story here:

$/13503-first-wetting-real-story/

So, it was saturday night and I was supposed to go sleep at her house (wich meant not sleeping at all ^_^ ) and I was excited but very scared about telling her my fetish, but we were together for 9 months so I had to tell her about it. Once there we watched a movie (I think it was Forrest Gump but I'm not sure, it's been a while and I was concentrated on her hand on my crotch and mine on her breasts) After the movie she took her clothes off and I noticed she had bought a new lingerie kit, with black thongs and bras. I still can't believe how beautiful her ass is, it would make you go crazy I promise ;)! She then said: Whatever you want me to do, I'll do it, and then it's my turn, with a kinky smile on her face. I said: Do you need to pee? -Well, now that you say it, I do need to pee, why ? I said: Get your clothes back on. I will never forget what happened next.

She smiled and said: I can't believe it! Do you by chance, have this fetish too? She blushed and I guessed she was afraid to have made a bad guess, but she was right. I then said: During all this time, we both had a wetting fetish without knowing it? I was in heaven. She didn't even answered she had put her tight jeans back, but had removed her bras, showing her perfect, medium to big sized boobs. She moaned and I heard a hissing sound, followed by her jeans turning to dark and being all damp. Her breathing was faster as she was peeing, she really was enjoying it! I couldn't hold the excitement in myself, it was the time in my life I was the most aroused, I almost came in my pants without even touching myself.

When she was over, she said: My turn now, I want YOU to wet yourself. Her sentence wasn't even finished that I was letting it all go in my jeans. I didn't mention it, but during the movie, I was holding since 4 hours, so I was way more desperate and peed longer. I felt the pee go all the way downon my socks and on the floor. She jumped on me like an animal to take my pants off and she took my dick in her hands. It was throbbing and so big it looked like it could blow anytime. She put it in her mouth and after 15 seconds or so, I told her: Stop! We should fuck now or else I will cum in your mouth and it will be over. 

The pleasure was incredible, I penetrated her tight pussy and we fucked missionary style. It was the first time I was hearing screaming that much, most of the time when she was having an orgasm she would moan quite loudly, but now she was literally screaming. She promised she had not faked. So I told her: Promise me you will never leave me... To wich she replied: I was about to say the same thing! I will NEVER leave you...

That's it for today, I will probably write some of our other experiences soon, including public wetting, holding contest and some more... Tell me what you think about it, and sorry if there were grammar or orthograph errors, I speak french. I'm also sorry if ther was too much crude language, anyway, hope you enjoyed and tell me what you thought about the story!

*003*2013-04-23 20:29

I am indeed Lucky ;) Thank you for your feedback!

