Poolcleaning

Author: idc37

*000*2014-06-06 22:10

After a week of rain in Belgium, they finally anounces hot days for the long weekend.

My girlfriend had already put up the pool for more then a month, and because of the bad weather we had only jumped in once. Today we where going to have 26 degrees, so i decided that after i got home from work i would check out the pooltemperature.

I got home and checked the thermometer and it indicated 20 degrees wich i found a bit chilly... So i put on my swimshorts and was planning on cleaning the pool with only my legs in the water. (The pool is 5 meters in diameter and about 1 meter high, not that big) as i was cleaning the bottom of the pool with a net i got down on my knees and the temperature was getting better. Now the water was mixed and it was risen to about 22 degrees.

I desided to get on the air matras and just ly floating around. As i was enjoying the sun on my back i constantly could hear the water coming from the pump, making the sound that water does when its running slowly, like a mountainstream.

Suddenly i felt i could really pee. My mind was abit conflicted, as i was lying down in the pool but needed to pee. I was asking myself, should i or should i not pee on the matras in the pool... My girlfriend nor the kids would love it very much if they would know i peed in the pool! But i wanted to try it. So how about one second of peeing, this wouldn't be so bad? Would it? Ok, one second then!

I was concentrating about what was to come, tried a few times and finally i felt something warm in my swimshorts. Oh, i am really peeing my shorts in the pool on the air matras. It felt... femeliar... It had been long time since i last did something like this, besides the occasional pee in the shower...

Something told me should examin this further... But how? Then i got it. I would home alone for another hour, because my girlfriend was at the hair dresser, and the kids where studying at their fathers house...

How about i get out of the pool and just walk on the gras, listen to the water running from the pump. That should get me somewhere... So i got out of the pool,walked around a bit and then i just let go. Pee was coming though the front of my swimshorts, it felt nice and warm. I stopped, readjusted somethings in my pants. I wanted to know how it felt again to feel the warm pee running down my leggs. It had been since i was about 13-14 that i was doing the same thing together with my neice. That time we held contests to see who could wet their bathing suit while walking on the grass. I remembered that feeling. It felt...... nice!

Afterwards i felt super that i dared myself in doing this. I got out the garden hose, hosed my peed parts in the grass, and took a warm shower in my swim shorts and rinced everything good. Wouldn't really want my grilfriend to find out about my little experiment at this time. She doesnt really like it when her son goes peeing behind the gardenhouse. Dont think she would wanna knwo this at the moment...

This concludes my little experiment of today. I hope you all enjoy reading this. Curious about the comments, especially from people near me...

