Desperate and drunk being driven home

Author: snute

*000*2015-05-15 21:02

Hi there. I'm Snute. Long time lurker first time poster.

Thought I would share with you all a fantastic experience I had last night driving my girlfriend and her friend home from a night out drinking in town.

As is tradition on a Thursday me and my partner went out to our favourite pub, for dinner and cheap drinks. I myself don't drink so I had a couple of cokes whilst she was drinking ciders like it was going out of fashion.

I headed home, leaving my girlfriend free to go off to karaoke with her other female friends and I said I'd pick them up later on.

To skip through to the good bit very briefly... I went home had a small sleep and got woken up at 3:30 to go pick my partner up, arranged where I'd see them and headed off into town.

Upon getting into the car Emma (not her real name) bent forwards and pushed her hands into her crotch and asked if I could take her back to ours first and then drop her friend off... Because "I am seriously about to piss myself."

Even though I am a deviant and those words had me rock hard in seconds. If it had of been remotely feasible or along the way I would have dropped her off first. Luckily for me it wasn't and I said I wasn't doing that because it would mean I had to double back on myself and it would take a lot longer and use more petrol which she accepted. "I'll try to hold it then"

All through the trip to her friends house she was narrating her need to pee. How she was clenching like I would not believe and making jokes about the seat getting wet in a minute. I got told numerous times to not make her laugh or she would wet herself. Berating the bumps in the road and how she wanted to relax her pelvic floor but she would wee... She hung on and I thought she was overstating her need.

One of the highlights of the conversations was her telling me "I should have told you to bring a bag to put on the seat!"

After we had dropped her friend off she went a little quiet. Luckily there wasn't any traffic on the road at that time because I was paying way more attention to her than the road. Watching her bounce and bite her lip and wiggle in the passenger seat. Then she blurted out something that I will never ever forget.

"I honestly don't think I can make it home."

My heart started to race at the thought of the woman I love having an accident. She had earlier joked "you know I don't like watersports. " So even though I was obeying the speed limit and praying to hit red lights. I did offer alternatives which she shot down. Such as peeing at the side of the road. "I'd rather piss myself." Was her response to that one.

"Ooooooooh man, I can't hold it." She blurted.

I being the supportive and awesome boyfriend I am told her that it's okay she wasn't going to wet herself we'd be home shortly. Though I was hoping otherwise.

"Seriously it hurts. It's so going to come out in a second"

I comforted her that it's ok and that she might only be a little bit wet by the time we got home. Her response amazed me from some one who is not into wetting.

"Fuck that... if any comes out I'm not going to hold it anymore. What's the point? I'll let it all go! We might drown though With HOW MUCH I NEED TO PEE!"

After all the threats and jokes a few mins later it happened as we were waiting at a temporary traffic light I heard her moan and a tell tale hiss for a second. We were not far from home but she said "I can't. I'm just going to have to wee myself. I'm sorry." I heard her pee start slow and then get more torrential... forcefully peeing into her leggings over. I could hear the pee over the sound of the idling engine for what seemed like an eternity. It even spilled forwards and dripped onto the floor well because it couldn't soak into the fabric seat as fast as it was coming out.

She wasn't embarrassed and we had a laugh about it already today I did promise not to tell anyone but guess I have broken that.

Hope you enjoyed reading.

