Four separate witnessings

Author: rod

*000*2013-08-10 21:47

Ok so I have just been on holiday in England and today was the long drive home. It usually takes around 4 hours to get to where I live but today it took more like 8 due to traffic but it was not all bad, I managed to not have just one but 4 Great sightings. Any way to the bits you are interested in.

The first one was after I had been driving for about an hour or so. I joined a motorway in the middle of a very large traffic jam, im not sure how long it had been there but I could only guess a long time. Anyway, so I was crawling along at about 2 miles an hour when I noticed the car in front was not moving even though there was space in front of it. I didn't think much of it but then after another 30 seconds it pulled off to the hard shoulder. the passenger door swung open before it had even finished stopping and a woman, blond and I would guess around 20 jump and squat next to the car. I wasn't entirely sure what was going on until I saw water splattering on the floor below her. 

Now they had not pulled completely off the road and being the safe driver I am, I didnt want to squeeze past, It had nothing to do with wanting to watch honest..... the stream must have lasted at least a minute. she then stood up and too my surprise took off her underwear and threw it into the nearby field. I dont know whether she leaked in them before she got out or had pee'd through them but you can only imagine the desperate state she was in before she jumped out. or at least I did.

The second experience was later on in the same jam about an hour and about 15 ish miles later. I was passing another car also on the hard shoulder. this time the doors were already open and the people were stood around the car. As I (very) slowly drove past and stopped I saw that two of the passengers, both female had seriously wet themselves. the first was a brunette.

Again I would guess they were both in their early 20's. anyway the brunette was wearing a tight blue top not covering her belly button and jeans which had a massive wet area completely covering the her backside and reaching around her crotch to the front. They were almost completely wet and I got a good veiw as she leant into the back seats, im guessing to clean up the mess she had made. The second was a blonde woman who was having a loud argument with her husband(?) or at least the driver of the car. She was wearing a pair of green trousers, dont know what type. They had a massive wet streak running down both legs and a large wet spot over her backside going around to the crotch. My window was down due to the heat so I could hear the argument but I only caught a few sentences but they were great ones.

" I repeatedly told you I had to go to the bathroom and so did sherry. This is your fault. why didn't you just pull over like I told you too. your and idiot and you are definitely paying for the cleaning. I cant believe you did that. why didn't you pull over. I mean surely you didn't think we were still joking when I had started leaking." I mean they are just some of the best sentences to over hear in my opinion. I just wish I could have seen it, or better been in their car.

I should also mention that for those who like it at this point there were two other men stood behind the car peeing into the small trench/drain on the side of the road apparently laughing about it. I dont know whether they were with them but it would be a bit strange to walk over to someone else's car to have a piss.

The third was about 30mins later when I was at a services/rest stop. I my self had to pee pretty badly but it was not urgent so I went in to the bathroom, as this was around lunch time so it was pretty busy and there was a long line for both the men and women. so while waiting in line I happened to look over and saw a number of women doing the traditional potty dance, hobbling up and down, holding themselves etc. However there was this one woman who was near the front of the line that was holding herself very tightly with both hands and leaning against the wall.

Her face scrunched up as if she was in pain. then after a couple of minutes of waiting there, she let out a loud gasp and her eyes shot open with a look of shock on her face. I thought she had wet herself but I never did find out as luckily (for her) she was able to get inside the bathroom. I never did see the outcome as she was still not out when I went in. I did consider waiting but by now my need to pee was also growing so I thought I had better take care of it.

However I then went to buy a drink from the shop and on my way out I had to walk past the toilets again and as I did I past a woman holding herself running towards the toilet saying, oh no, oh no, oh no over and over again and having a quick glance over my shoulder as she disappeared there was a definite wet streak running down her tan coloured trousers.

The fourth and final encounter was definitely the best and probably one the best I have ever witnessed myself and is the sort of thing you read about in the fiction section . about another 3 hours in I had to stop for petrol and thought I had better use the toilet again since I was there and didnt want to stop again. however this was a really small service station whit only one toilet and as I arrived they decided to close them to clean them and said it would take about 20 minutes. so I went and filled my car, bought another drink and a cd. It only took 6-7 minutes so I just went back to the bathrooms.

It was here I met a very attractive woman who kind of reminded me of the actress Claudia black (from stargate and farscape, she should come up on google if You want to know what she looked like) anyway she was wearing a pair of white tight Jean style trousers and an equally tight black tank top. when I arrived she was holding herself with both hands bobbing up and down whispering to herself, just hold it, just hold it, its not that bad. as I approached she looked up and looked embarrassed. she even said sorry, im not entirely sure what for but never mind. she seemed in a pretty bad way and seemed to have to hold herself to stop herself leaking.

When I first got there she did attempt to take her hands away and just cross her legs. she then started bouncing and scrunching her face up. after a couple of minutes of this she suddenly whispered oh no and threw both her hands to her crotch and made a strange eeeeee noise as im guessing she used every muscle available to stop her from loosing it. after it had subsided she tried to not hold herself again with just the occasional press. with a sneaked glance at her (although looking back im not sure how subtle it was) and there was a small darker patch at the crotch. she did then go back to holding herself with both hands.

A bit more time passed and she let out another gasp and whispered oh no again. she immediately leaned into the toilet and shouted, how much longer while holding herself tightly but the damage was much more this time, there was a larger patch around her crotch with a couple of streaks running down her leg. I think this was the point she gave up and just started chanting not now, just a little bit longer and some other stuff but it was mumbling more than anything. she was also holding her self with her eyes closed.

And just as I thought she was going to pee herself and I would have a first hand witnessing the employee came out and apologised for the time, apparently there had been a clog or something as some kids had stuffed the toilets with thee toilet paper. Her eyes flew open and she looked happy and started to move towards the bathroom and just as I thought it was over, something unexpected happened which was good for me but not for her and I still cant believe it happened.

As she was moving towards the toilet the employee was still slightly in the way and so decided to move out of the way however she stumbled and kicked over the bucket and mop. this was the final straw for the woman, the sound of water spilling out of the bucket had broken the dam. she just let out a whimper and looked at the water flowing around the floor as a torrent of pee came out of between her legs drenching her trousers and splattering across the floor. she just kept peeing and peeing and im fairly sure it went on for over two minutes but I had lost all track of time. Her trousers were drenched and were starting to become see-through because of the amount of pee that she had produced. she just stood there, eyes closed face showing absolute bliss and relaxation. the employee was apologising like mad and offering her paper towels.

I just kind of stood there like an idiot staring at this woman. I think it took about another minute for her to come around. she just looked up and said, oh my god That feels so good and started laughing. so hear I was starting to think I should apologise and ask if she was ok but she was just laughing. she even spread her legs and I got a glimpse of her red underwear but I did look away. she then apologised again to me but she didnt need to she had given me a memory to remember.

I think this Had to be the most experiences I have ever had in a day or even a month. I should consider travelling more on busy days and see if I can get anywhere close to, todays experiences. I somehow doubt it but you never know. although I know I will not get as bored in traffic jams now, knowing what might be happening all around me.

I hope you enjoyed this, sorry if the writing style is a bit basic im not an author or anything just wanted to share an unbelievable day. If you have any similar experiences please add them below im really in the mood for hearing more about what can happen.

Oops didnt mean to press enter and publish it yet, I was trying to add tags, Is it possible to add them after or...?

*002*2013-08-11 15:10

{{ 

Wow you are amazingly lucky and a good writer, thanks for [email protected]

}}

Thanks for the compliment and yeh I think the last witnessing I had was probably around a year ago if not longer and then I have four in one day.

