My first wetting in pants

Author: ShyGuyDL

*000*2015-05-11 13:23

So I have been into diapers for quite a while now and have tried quite a lot of things already. Whenever i got the chance to wear them, like on a weekend alone, I did so and also used them, usually to their maximum capacity. (Don't want to waste a good diaper right?) However I never dared to wet my jeans, because I was always afraid somebody would notice them in the laundry, since I don't wash my laundry myself. But last week I was home alone for several days and decided to play one of the "interactive wetting games" posted somewhere on here.

I put on a pullup, since I was still kind of "afraid" of wetting my pants, but was thinking about just wetting until it overflows into my pants. Got some water, put on jeans and started the game. (here

) During most of the game, I wasn't really desperate, but at the end I really had to go. Even though I made it through the whole game dry, I decided to just let it go instead of going to the toilet ;) My bladder isn't really that big I think and the pullup easily soaked up all of my pee. Up the front, there were even some dry spots left. So I drank some more water and waited for a while, browsing some tumblrs and this forum. It didn't take long until I had to go badly again, and because the pullup sure wouldn't hold all of my pee again, I stepped into the shower and let go. The feeling was WONDERFUL when the pullup finally leaked into my jeans! My body was shivering of the excitement! I loved how the pee ran down my legs and wet quite a big part of my jeans.

Before I cleaned everything up, I waited again until I had to go and wet my pants until they couldn't hold anymore liquid. Then I took a good hot shower, washed everything and hanged the jeans and underwear on the drying rack.

Before I had experienced this, I figured I was only into diapers and wouldn't like the feeling of a wet jeans and so I was completely overwhelmed about how AWESOME this felt! Will clearly do again and hope I get some free time in the near future again. :)

I hope you liked my experience, I apologise if it isn't described well enough or maybe even boring... (I don't think I'm a talented writer :P)

*002*2015-05-11 14:19

It doesn't only sound awesome, it WAS awesome. :D

Just try it out when you have time, you can leave the diapers out and its still exciting!

Also, thanks for the compliment, still hope I can improve it :P

