Peed my Pants in a Haunted Maze!

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2015-10-25 23:42

Hi everyone! Its been a week or two, I've had a bit of a dry spell, likely due to the fact that midterms were going on and I'm a lot less playful and risky when I'm in work mode. Work and fun are two separate things for me, which isn't to say I don't enjoy working; I'm a working and writing machine! Anywho, I've finally been able to wind down and relax finally after what feels like however, in the last few days I've attended a few Halloween parties, a few Halloween events, marathoned bad horror movies for all nighters, and another in particular relating specifically to this forum: I had an accident.

Now if you've read my tale regarding my recent fable while playing a certain horror game you know two things: One, I love horror but don't handle scares well, and two, I'm oh-so woefully stubborn. As is usually the case when I have an accident, the stubbornness of course comes into play. Allow me to give a bit of context..

There's a local park a city or so away. Like a lot of places, it has a yearly Halloween attraction. Its very sizable; it is also used as a campground in the summertime. I have attended this event every year!

This year I went with a few of my friends (Same group from the apartment story), and we showed up early. Naturally there was a line already, and we still had 45 minutes before the event would start and the line started moving up...The line ended up being very large in total, the event was very popular. We had all been picked up at our houses, and most of us had overnight bags in the trunk, as we were going back to one of their places to marathon horror movies for the rest of the night. In the hour before we arrived I had drunk a monster and a hard lemonade, though I didn't really think anything of it until I polished off a 1 liter pepsi from the concession stand halfway through the line.

Description phase! By now you most likely have a general idea of my appearance, for newcomers I've got long black hair, am pale enough to fit into the cast of twilight which I am ashamed of, unhealthy tiny at 116 pounds last weigh-in, at 5'8-5'9. To try and turn my pitiful bodily state into a point of attraction, I try to maintain care of my face with various face washes, and creative use of eyeliner. If people are going to think I'm anorexic or something, I might as well look semi-pretty in the process I figure. But enough of that. Tonight I was wearing a pretty dark blue jeans, you could think they were black if you didn't see them in the light. Very tight too. Black tank top, black zipped hoodie for the brisk October weather, along with a nice blue bra/panty combo. With this outfit I usually wear 2 earrings, a gold moon and a star, but as I might end up running for my life I left those out this time.

So again, we were in line, and as aforementioned halfway up there was a food stand. I got a hot dog and a 1 litre pepsi, and those were gone pretty fast I will say. Now see at this point I hadn't used the bathroom in a few hours easily, but I didn't even think about that until all the drinks from the past little while had caught up. By the time we were 3/4 of the way up the line I was squirming and inwardly groaning from the typical this-is-the-worst-time-to-need-to-pee realization. I resolved to hold it because again, I'm stubborn, and I didn't want to lose my place in line next to my friends. I realize I probably would have been let back into my spot, but I didn't want to take any chances.

We slowly moved up in line, and my need to go slowly got worse, but I didn't really plan to budge. It was almost an exciting feeling, but as per usual I didn't really put enough thought into potential consequences. Its something I really need to work on. Anywho, I had my hands stuffed in my pockets and my legs crossed and I'd bounce a little every now and again. At one point Kate asked me what was up and I started bitching about the cold. We got to the end of the line up and it was our group, and another few girls, like 3 others I think for the next go around. I think they let another set of people in every 5 minutes or so.

We got in and I really had to go, but I figured should I stay on my toes I could hold it until the end no problem.

First we went down the trail, pretty spooky. Torches and bridges, people in costumes...I tried to stay relatively quiet and blend in with my friends. One of my friends is a screamer, and the screamers make themselves targets. So I let her take the brunt of the people jumping out of the woodwork as it were. It was all really cool, and went really smoothly for me until the little house filled with zombies. It was wide open, and had a whole strobe light thing going on. One was waiting around the corner of the entrance door and spooked the group with a lunge. Everyone, including me, scattered. Everyone took off, zig zagging through the would-be zombies, through the large barn-like structure, until people found the way out. My luck started to run out around here.

I found the door and escaped. I was alone. I had figured everyone else had gone on ahead. I took a moment to lean against the outside of the house/barn/thing and hold myself, placing my hand between my legs and holding my legs together long enough to take the edge off, and continued on down the trail. I would later find out, as my luck would have it, that I was actually the FIRST out. And not only that, after I had gone off down the trail, everyone else would get out and proceed to head in the wrong direction. The lot of em had to be redirected back onto the trail by a supervisor and the like. I mean...I went in the direction that had a torch on a tree. I thought it was obvious, myself.

Now all of a sudden, I was target number 1. There was actors dressed as ghouls constantly lurking about, being creepy, saying creepy shit, or jumpscaring me. Some of them were really creative, and I loved the costumes, gotta give em props. I tried to play it cool, waving to them and being like "Hi, hows life?", and just being chill, even though I very obviously wasn't chill, given the fast walk I had going. My first minor leakage came at the hands of a guy who was hanging. I don't know how he was alive, or how the engineered it, but the guy hanging from the noose was a living dude. He was legit hanging. Maybe invisible wires or something. Anyway I assumed he was a prop for obvious reasons, and of course he lunged and yelled. I let out a tiny shriek, and felt myself dribble into my underwear. I ran off cursing under my breath.

Eventually I came to another house, larger than the last one. It looked incredibly dark inside. I knew that was probably the gimmick, and walked in. I discovered it was very narrow with winding hallways, in what was basically pitch black darkness. My shaking legs carrying me and my aching bladder, I soldiered on. About a minute in I heard a voice behind me. "Hello? Is anybody there?" She called out a few names I didn't recognize, but I called out anyway. I waited for this girl to catch up, and she latched onto my arm and told me she lost her friends and was gonna tag along with me.

I replied that I was grateful for the company, and I continued on with this girl on my arm. Making nervous and frightened small talk, we continued our way through the winding pitch black maze. Things were going well until a hand came out of a hole in the wall and grabbed my other arm. I let out a sharp noise I can't really describe, and the other girl shrieked as well, I had assumed in reaction to me. It was simultaneous to the noise I made that I realized I was spurting into my pants.

I yanked my hand away from the wall presence and shoved it between my legs, quickly feeling my pee leaving my bladder, saturating my pants and beginning to tickle my inner thighs. I panted, with each pant accentuated with a small alarmed moan, I clenched just about every muscle in my lower body to regain control. The girl, who in the dark has no idea what was happening, questioned if I was alright as I quickly checked relevant areas for dampness, trying to assess how visible any damage might be. I didn't think it was too bad, the pants being dark and all, and horror trails tending to lack in the light department. My nether regions were certainly damp and I no doubt had a wet patch, but I clenched quickly enough to cease a dangerous spread. I reassured the girl and we continued. At some point I unzipped my hoodie, as the air in the structure was fairly heavy.

Eventually, I could see the glow of an exit, and became excited. The trail wasn't over, but at least I'd be able to see again. We crept up the incline leading to it, and I exclaimed "Its a good thing to be finally free eh?" to which my companion replied "Boy, it sure is!"

I will never forget the next moment for the rest of my life.

Something in the way she said that was almost mocking, and I turned to face her, who was still clinging onto my arm and had her head on my shoulder. My escort, who I had presumed to be one of the three other girls who wasn't part of my friend group, was wearing a tattered white, almost hospitalish gown, and in addition to appearing to be rotted, also appeared to be missing part of her jaw. This really wasn't the time to get an eyeful of the amazing makeup work done at such close proximity. I think I stood there for a moment with my eyes and face just widening in absolute realization and comprehending terror. I assume she had been near the house and seen I was alone. I gotta give it to the crafty bitch, that was one of the most clever things I've ever seen, and I've never screamed so loud in my entire life.

I sprinted up, barreling out of the exit door. I tripped, scrambled to my feet, and has my luck would have it, on my way upright I went face first into another chick. Also rotted looking. Wielding a now revving chainsaw. I could hear my evil escort from earlier cackling like mad as a I fell back onto the ground, staring at the chainsaw wielding nurse. I think it was a nurse. Don't quote me on that.

I screamed again as she darted forward with the chainsaw which more than likely had no chain on it, holding it above me. I was screaming, and I then realized, also wetting my pants. I have no idea when it started, probably somewhere around my stumble out of the house, or even my initial scream. All I knew was, I was suddenly wet, and there was a vibrating hiss accompanied by a spreading warmth. Chainsaw lady looked to the sky, laughing and waving the saw around as I attempted to grab myself, pushing my hand and pants into my crotch, resulting in a loud PSSSSSHHHHHH. 

I could feel my ass becoming absolutely soaked, and I could see the puddle forming underneath me when I looked down. I realized Saw Girl wasn't looking, and I shot up and took off like a dart, deftly kicking my foot back over my puddle, hopefully covering it. I sure wasn't sticking around to find out. I ran, and ran around the corner of the trail, spurts of urine shooting out every step. I went off the trail the moment I knew I was out of the sight of ghouls which was pretty quick.

In the relative darkness I leaned against a tree, on the opposite side of said tree where I wouldn't be seen from the trail. My bladder was panging, as if to say "No" is not an option right now. I could feel my control slipping again, but I couldn't let that happen! This wasn't really a situation or attire I could afford a full on accident. I shoved my hands down there again and started frantically crossing my legs, uncrossing, bouncing, moaning and gasping, you name it. I had to get my pants down or something, but as I pulled one hand out and tried to unhook my button, I started peeing my pants again. The hissing returned, and as much as I struggled and whined and frantically tried and failed to open my fly after unhooking the button, it started streaming down my legs.

My ass was becoming soaked, and I could feel the warm trails flowing on my previously relatively untouched legs, dripping onto the autumn leaves underneath me. I moaned loudly as the stream intensified, leaving no part of the backside of my pants, from the cuffs of my legs to the seam of my ass unsoaked.

I tried so hard to stop the flow, finally getting my pants completely undone I shoved a hand into my panties to try and block my pee-hole. Didn't work out too well...When I leaned over from the strain of the stream and the effort of trying to stop it, the position of my hand redirected the flow frontwards, and now the front of my jeans were becoming even darker than their natural dark blue color; the resounding pssssh of my pee soaking the front of my legs and knees echoing through the forest with the sounds of distant screams. I whined, strained, moaned, criss crossed, my usual dance. But even I knew it was over, as my last move ensured no part of me was getting away unsoaked by the shame of my failing bladder.

My stream slowed to a crawl as my bladder finished emptying. I was in a bit of a pickle now. I finished the trail with a few more screams, staying as far away from light sources as I could. My pants were dark enough that you probably couldn't tell the difference if I wasn't next to a torch or light....But given they were certainly over-saturated, even the faintest source of light might have caught a glisten, being drenched and all. I sure hope not.

When I finished the trail, I was informed I was the first out of my group out due to a wrong turn made by others, and that's when it hit me I had a slight chance to make it out unscathed. I rushed to the parking lot using the same tactics as in the trail, avoiding light like I was a vampire in Florida. The only time I went directly into the light was to rush straight to the car. I had the key, so I managed to pop the trunk and grab my overnight bag. I also grabbed a plastic bag and took off into a porta-potty.

I quickly changed out of my pants, panties, and socks, and through on a pair of white undies and a pair of sweats. To seem less suspicious, I also changed from my tank top into a jammie T-shirt I wear. I tossed the wet stuff in a plastic bag, and then the plastic bag into my overnight bag. I then proceeded to wait by the car. Eventually they came back, laughing and giggling, getting the jitters out. 

Kate immediately noticed my change in attire and yelled "Oi (INSERT MY NAME HERE), you piss your fucking pants?", laughing and obviously joking around, which got an equally jokey reply in "Nah man, those jeans make my ass look fucking fantastic and all, but too tight and I wanna hit up the comfort game early. Look at the goddamn indent from the button!" I accentuated this by lifting my shirt to show the crater where the button had been digging into my tummy. Continually laughing and carrying on, we went back to Tanya's place and marathon-ed classic horror movies for the night (Return of the Living Dead is a classic for me.)

As always I hope you enjoyed my tale! Feel free to comment, shoot your thoughts my way, or fire a message at me. Love you all, have a lovely Halloween!~ <3

*011*2015-10-27 16:20

{{:

Excellent story, and indeed, the haunted houses I've seen are very boring compared to this. That guardian angel on your shoulder must be working overtime though, how many lucky escapes did you have so far? ;)

}}

That angel on my shoulder is just keeping my wits about me ;)

{{:

Firstly, excellent story, and since I'll a maze experience to post very soon, the detailing here will help with the writing process.

Secondly, the cleverness of your companion with that trick is a great ideaI may have to bring up, so thank you for that part. That is a genius scare tactic.

}}

That companion? I met her! I volunteered to go help set-up yesterday evening because I really liked the way things were done and I wanted to see how it all worked. She recognized me and pointed out she was the house zombie. Turns out that wasn't even like, a planned scripted thing she did. Normally everyone's in groups, but I was one of the few specific situations where someone would be going through a feature alone, and she came up with it on the fly! I adore the improv, even though it quite literally scared the piss out of me. She's funny, and she's cute. We exchanged contact information and stuff, new friend ahoy!

*012*2015-10-28 02:15

{{:

Crimsonn!! I can't message you cause "I don't have permission" but I really wanna talk to you! Anyway other way we could talk? I see you're also from Canada :3

}}

Oh really? I'll see if I can message you

*014*2015-10-29 17:44

So far, it appears she does not. As I stated in an earlier reply, I met her outside of it the next day :) We're getting together later actually

*018*2015-10-31 02:04

{{:

Wow, that kind of scare is impressive for its subtlety. They got you good.

}}

They did. I was out with the girl earlier. She's a crafty one.

{{:

Oh you sly fox, you. Almost makes me wish you'll get caught eventually :P !

This reminds me of the haunted house that gave a free t-shirt to whoever wet themselves at their attraction, which resulted in people doing it deliberately as a dare. It became a sort of fun tradition, with wettings no longer being humiliating for anyone, as everyone just assumed you did it deliberately :) .

Don't want to link to it because it has pictures of kids in wet pants as well as adults, but it's a great idea :) .

}}

I know what you're talking about, so yeah I get what you mean xD

*021*2015-11-02 18:11

It's incredibly clever. If I ever volunteer for one of these things, I'm going to incorporate the tactic. I've been trying to think of new tactics, the girl and question and I were actually discussing some!

*024*2015-11-05 04:13

Or in the dark insert someone who wasn't there before? Huehuehuehuehue

