On the way home from school

Author: Paperhearts

*000*2013-03-29 14:28

Okay so I've never really shared this story before because this happened about 2 years ago but I figured I may as well share it now :)

Usually when I am in school I use the bathroom in any of my breaks, I must have a small bladder or something because within about 3 hours I need the toilet again. When I was going my GCSE's a few years ago I had to stay until 5pm to do a revision session after class and then I would get the bus home. I must have been to the bathroom in the day at some point because I can never last all day. After this revision I needed the toilet a little bit, I had been drinking water throughout the day but if I went to the bathroom I would have missed my bus so I left school.

It was winter so it was dark by 5pm and I got on my bus just in time. When the bus started moving I could tell that i was becoming desperate, whenever the bus jerked I would feel how desperate I was to go. I started thinking about moving my skirt out of the way and peeing into the bus seat because my desperation was becoming so bad. There wasn't many people on the bus but I was too scared that the pee would leak out and start dripping onto the floor and I would be found out so I decided to wait. I remembered that there were public toilets where I got off my bus near the shops so I decided to wait.

Once I was off the bus I headed for the toilets, by now I was really desperate and walking in the cold was making it even worse. The toilets were closed (typical) because all of the shops were closed. I would have had to walk about 30 minutes to get back home from where I was and I didn't think I could hold it that long. I kept on walking in the dark, trying not to grab myself when I felt a wave of desperation. I couldn't make it home and I didn't want to wet myself because my mum would have definitely found out so I kept looking out for somewhere that I could pee. 

After a while I fount a small alley that was dark and there were no people about so I ran down it and lifted my skirt and coat out of the way. I leaned my back against the wall as I squatted down and I let everything out. It was freezing and I just let myself pee through my panties because they would be pretty easy to wash and hide myself and I really didn't think I even had time to pull them down. It took a while for me to get everything out because I was afraid someone might find me, I stayed there until everything was out and then I took off my panties and wrung them out then stuffed them into my bag. I adjusted my skirt to cover myself up and then I headed home after that.

That happened to me about 2 years ago when I didn't even know what Omorashi was!

