My trick for genuinely losing control

Author: Barry

*000*2015-09-30 22:18

I've seen a lot of posts with suggestions or ideas on "How To Have A Real Accidental Pants Wetting," and I'm sure some work, but there's often a lot of time and effort involved.

There is one "trick" that I do that is nice and simple, and works for me. I'd love others to try it out and report back on if it works for them too. This is what I like to do......

This obviously works best with a full bladder only of course. I usually do this in the mornings, after having been up for a while, but having not had my morning pee. For me, for some reason, my morning pee usually feels more urgent than at other times of the day. I like to get up with my bladder feeling full, but to have a coffee first, check Facebook etc., and delay going for a while, until my need becomes urgent, bordering on desperate.

When I'm ready, I go for my morning shower. I turn the shower on, and wait for it to warm up first.

Now we all know that putting your hand/s under warm running water facilitates the need to pee, no secret there. But I have a little trick that pushes me over the edge and causes me to actually leak, sometimes even lose control completely.

I keep my briefs, boxers, shorts, whatever on, and stand in front of the running water, with my left hand under the stream, feeling for the right temperature to occur. This will push me to the limit, but seldom over it. But I discovered (purely by accidental chance) that if I scratch a certain spot, right at the very top of my butt crack with my other hand at the same time, I will start peeing uncontrollably.

Note I said at the top of my butt crack, not inside it! For me, I've got a spot just where my crack starts at the top, that when scratched lightly, feels really good. Combined with the sound and feel of the running water, it makes me shudder a bit, and then start peeing in my pants with control lost for a time.

A couple of times I've had to jump into the shower while still peeing, as I've lost control completely. But most times it isn't that severe, just enough to make me squirt or dribble a bit.

Please try it and report back guys and girls. I'd be particularly keen to here whether or not it works for other guys but also females as well.

