Caesarian Glue

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-08-27 11:19

I have a story to tell that happened just this evening. What it may lack in sexiness I feel it makes up with in novelty.

A quick bit of background; A couple of weeks ago I had my baby! Unfortunately I ended up needing an emergency Caesarian, which was fine, everything worked out in the end. The bad part about Caesarians is that you are a bit physically restricted for a couple of months while your abs stitch themselves back together. Also I have a cool new scar hanging out below my clawed-by-a-bear stretch marks. It is currently covered by this sticky tapey stuff so I don't catch my stitches on something and disembowel myself, this is important.

I was sitting in my armchair with baby in my arms. She is a really good baby but sometimes she gets a bit cranky if I don't hold her, so I was. I sort of needed to pee, but not too badly so I put it off. Getting up isn't very easy just yet and I'd have had to put baby down, which might have made her start screaming.

I watched TV for a while, then baby started eating her hands so I gave her a feed. By the time she was finished eating, falling asleep halfway through eating, and then eating again a couple of hours had passed since I first needed to go and now I needed to pee a lot.

So I got up, put a just-fed-quiet baby down in her cot, and made a beeline for the bathroom. I pulled my pants down and tried to lower my knickers. But was stopped by a pulling on my belly. Something was stuck. It turned out the glue on the edge on the tape that covered my Caesarian stitches had attached itself to my underwear. And now I couldn't pull them down without ripping the tape off, and maybe my stitches. Putting off going to the toilet until I was busting didn't seem so smart now!

Had I realised that my knickers were glued to the tape while I was in another room I probably could have just gone to the kitchen and cut the glue away carefully. However... I don't know about other people but once I'm right in front of the toilet, expecting to get to pee in the next five seconds, particularly when I have to go really bad... I can't just not pee and go do something else.

So rather than try to pull my pants back up, hard, remember the Caesar, and hurry to find scissors, I just sat down on the toilet and wet my knickers.

I cut myself free afterward. And then wrote this.

*007*2015-08-30 22:02

Thanks Flower!

It didn't actually occur to me to try to pull my knickers aside rather than down... It might well have been physically possible without pulling anything. Oops. :P

