So Close... Accident in Shorts

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-05-06 22:18

This is something that happened earlier today...

We had been out for the day to Bolton Abbey estate and after a morning walking 12 miles round the woodlands and gardens we went back to the car and spent the afternoon having a picnic and relaxing by the river. During this time i drank quite a bit with it being a warm day and indulged in alcohol, which for those of you that know me you will know alcohol makes my bladder fill really fast. It got to 6 o'clock and we decided to head home and packed everything away. This is where the story begins.

By this point i needed to pee quite bad and initially was going to see if i could make it home before wetting myself. I went on the IRC to see Beatrix and told her what i was planning to do and she loved the idea. However whilst talking to her i became really desperate and knew i wouldn't make it home even if i tried and i had no desire to wet myself so i decided to empty my bladder before we left. I told Bea and she tried to convince me to try hold it, even though i kept telling her i wouldn't be able to. Then i told her something which made her come around to my plan. 

I told her that i had been drinking wine which she knows fills my bladder fast and told her that if i emptied my bladder there and then i would be breaking the seal and my bladder would then fill quicker. She loved this idea even more and i decided i couldn't be bothered walking all the way to the visitor center to the toilets and after a quick look round i pulled my shorts and knickers down and squatted next to our car. The relief of emptying my bladder was so nice and i knew it would be short lived as it would fill up again soon. I finished and re-adjusted myself and sat in the car. Bea then left and i sat and waited for everyone else.

After we had completely packed and had all four people and dog on board we set off for home. If the traffic was decent it would be about a 45 minute drive home. As we drove along i could feel my bladder filling up quite fast and 20 minutes into the journey i was already at 7/10. 10 minutes later it had risen to 9/10. I sat in the back seat bouncing on my seat and pulled my leg up and sat on my heel, pushing it into my wee hole to help me hold. My sister asked me what was wrong and i said i was busting for a wee and she said you're not the only one. It was then i noticed she was bobbing her legs. Then our boyfriends in the front seats said they had to go too. I think the only one who didn't was the dog. It wasn't until we pulled up to a traffic light that i noticed my boyfriend who was driving was grabbing himself and my sisters boyfriend was shaking his legs. It made me feel better knowing i wasn't the only one who had to pee.

Another ten minutes passed and now i was seriously busting, i was slowly climbing to 10/10 and was bouncing on my heel so hard. I looked round and my sister was wiggling like mad with her legs crossed, as was her boyfriend. We were now about 10 minutes from home and my bladder suddenly squeezed and i leaked into my knickers....and again...and again....

"oooo hurry up baby, im starting to lose it" I said, trying to stop the leaking. Then my sisters boyfriend said "yeah im close to losing it too, i call dibs on using the toilet first".

"Noooo, im going first, im starting to wet my knickers" i replied.

"tough luck, i called dibs first" he replied laughing. Unfortunately at this point my brain didn't kick in, probably as it was floating with all the wee i was storing. If it had of kicked in i would have been quicker. After he had said he called first dibs suddenly my boyfriend said "second dibs" and my sister had called third. I should have been quicker and called second. Now i would have to get home and wait for everyone else to use the bathroom. For the remainder of the journey i sat in the back slowly leaking into my knickers, desperately trying to stem it to just leaking, i felt like at any moment i was going to explode everywhere. It felt like if i did it would flood the entire car until we all drowned.

We reached home and the moment the car stopped in the drive my sisters boyfriend jumped out and headed for the door. The rest of us followed and stood on the doorstep all dancing and bobbing waiting for him to open the door. I looked at the damage so far and noticed the leaks had come through to my light blue shorts. A big wet patch clear on the front. I looked at my sister and noticed a patch forming on hers. He finally got the door open and we went outside, kicking off our shoes. He shot upstairs and i went into the kitchen to put my bag down. I leant on the table crossing my legs tight, trying to stop the leaks from coming but no matter what i did they kept escaping and dampening my now soaking knickers. I jammed my hand in my crotch and frantically pee pee danced. After what seemed like forever the toilet flushed and my boyfriend headed for the stairs.

Simultaneously me and my sister told him to hurry up and we both resumed dancing round the kitchen. She suddenly gasped and looked down, the patch on her shorts had gotten very big and i looked at her quizzically.

"i almost lost it then, i thought i was wetting myself fully then, it was a huge spurt but i managed to stop it". Hearing this made my own bladder spurt and i grabbed myself and squeezed hard. We heard the toilet flush and she dashed off leaving me standing in the kitchen. I decided to go with her and followed her upstairs. Each step up caused my bladder to leak and by the time i got to the top my shorts were very wet. I walked over to the bathroom and pushed it....it was locked. I knocked on the door and told her to unlock it, i would go in the shower, i would go in the bath, heck i would go in the sink, i didn't care as long as i wee'd soon. She said "i cant im starting to wee" and the next thing i heard was the sound of her pee hitting the water in the toilet and her sigh of relief. This was too much for me and my bladder spurted, multiple times.

I rapidly undid my shorts and jammed my hand down my knickers and pushed on my wee hole. I crossed my legs round my hand jamming it in tight and frantically banged on the bathroom door begging her to hurry up before i completely wet myself. After an eternity of dancing outside the bathroom door i heard the toilet flush and the tap turn on. The sounds of running water nearly finished me. A stream began and i thought i was wetting myself. I managed to stop it and begged her to unlock the door. The tap turned off and there was silence. I thought she was teasing me, enjoying my struggle but then she opened the door and i rushed in.

The sight of the toilet made my bladder completely relax and i began weeing myself as i walked across the bathroom. I didn't even think about pulling my shorts down, i just flopped on the toilet and let go, allowing my bladder to finally empty. Within seconds my shorts and knickers were soaked through. I could only sit there and sigh in orgasmic relief as my bladder emptied and deflated. After a few minutes it finally stopped and i just sat there, recovering from what felt like a massive orgasm. I came round and wandered into my bedroom. I told my sister to tell my boyfriend i wanted him and a minute or so later he came up and walked through the door....

"Casey said you wanted me for someth...WHHOOOOAAAAAA"

He looked down at my soaking shorts and smiled then said mischievously "i get rid of one bulge only to gain another". I looked down and noticed his shorts bulging. I giggled and told him we would have to get rid of that bulge and slowly peeled off my wet clothes and 15 minutes later his bulge had gone and my knickers were even wetter than before ;)

FIN

Hope you all enjoyed my little adventure, i will be back with more soon :D

Love Gemmy xxxx :wub: :wub:

*005*2013-05-07 13:25

{{ 

Great story, as always :D

I'm curious though – why didn't you just do it on the kitchen floor and then clean it up later? I assume your kitchen is tiled, right?

}}

Because i wet myself all the time so i wasn't bothered about that aspect and i think it was because i was enjoying the challenge of trying to hold on :p

