Field trip desperation

Author: edisonarantes

*000*2013-10-22 23:19

When we were 16 years old, my class went to a field trip to an old base from World War 2. It was located 30 minutes from our school, and we went there with a bus. Before we left, I already knew there were limited toilet facilities on the base, so I hoped to witness some desperation from the girls in my group. One of the girls in my group was Therese. I didn't know her very well; she was not among my best friends. She was pretty average looking, with slim body, brown hair and eyes. She was not very tall, maybe 160 cm or 5 feet 2. This day, she was wearing some tight, light blue jeans, that really showed of her cute butt.

When we arrived at the base, we were standing outside to receive some information. I noticed that Therese didn't stand still, but kind of shifted her weight from one foot to the other, occasionally crossing her legs. This continued as we got a walking tour around the base. Whenever we stopped, she would cross her legs, and tapping her feet. I saw her going over to the teacher at one point, but I didn't hear what they discussed. Based on Therese's facial impression, I don't think she was happy with the outcome of their conversation, so I imagined she probably asked if there were any toilets she could use.

An hour passed, and Therese's desperation continued to grow. I was far more interested in watching her, than paying attention to the teachers, trying to tell us about the base. And to be honest, I was surprised that she hadn't peed herself already. After a little while, it was time for us to return to the school, and the bus came to pick us up. I sat behind Therese, and managed to listen to parts of her conversation with the girl sitting next to her.

"I really need to pee, I've been holding it since we got here", she said. The other girl said that she also needed to pee, but that it wasn't an emergency. "Will you be able to hold it until we get back to the school?", the other girl asked. "I don't know", Therese whispered, as she held both her hands firmly into her crotch, while crossing her legs. At this point, I was sure I would witness a pee accident.

Ten minutes before reaching the school, Therese quietly said, almost whispered: "Oh no!" This really got my attention, and I discretely tried to look at her jeans, to see if they got wet. "What happened?" the other girl asked. "Nothing", Therese said, and they didn't say anymore. But even though I couldn't see anything, I'm quite sure that she leaked quite a bit into her panties.

When the bus arrived at the school, I made sure to walk behind Therese, so that I would get a good look if she peed anymore before reaching the toilets. When she stood up from the bus seat, I saw a wet spot on her ass, maybe the size of a tennis ball. She didn't try to hide it, so I don't think she was aware of the quite obvious pee stain. But it was a little chaos as everybody tried to exit the bus at once, and I don't think anyone else noticed the wet spot on her light blue jeans. I followed her to the toilets, pretending that I needed to go as well, but to my disappointment, she managed to hold the rest of her pee until she reached the toilet. This was at the end of our school day, so Therese didn't have to go with her wet panties for very long, and I don't think anyone else noticed her little pee accident.

*003*2013-10-23 22:33

{{ 

A very nice story. Did you get a chance to talk to her afterwards, by any chance?

}}

Thank you. As I wrote, we weren't close friends, and I never really talked to her. We just attended the same class, and saw each other at school. So it would feel very un-natural to talk to her about this incident (although it could have been an interesting conversation)

