Getting Wet on the Log Flume

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-08-31 20:26

A few months ago a group of us went out for the day to one of the biggest theme parks in the country and decided we would stay over for the whole weekend at the parks hotel then we could spend the Saturday at the water park they have and the evening on the huge crazy golf course. Then on the Sunday morning guests staying at the hotel are allowed into the park three hours before it opens to the public so the plan was to spent those three hours hitting all the big popular rides before they got busy then spent the rest of the day going on the smaller rides.

After we had been on all the big rides we stuck around the far end of the park then we got the cable cars across to the entrance to the park and went to our hotel and had some lunch and chilled out for a bit then we headed back into the park and decided to get the cable car to the centre and work our way round back towards the entrance hitting all the rides, the last one being the two water rides, that way if we got wet we could just go back to the hotel and get changed.

After three hours we had been on all the rides we wanted to go on and got in the queue for the river rapids. We got to the front and got in our dinghy and as we set off the noise of the water crashing around us made me notice my bladder. It was quite full but I hadn't noticed with all the excitement, now with the sudden presence of water I was aware of it. We got to the end of the rapids and walked across and joined the queue for the log flume. Now i really started noticing it. Standing next to the running water of the log flume track was making my bladder twitch and ache. I thought about the three cups of tea i had with lunch and how it had been nearly three and half hours since then and i hadn't yet pee'd. As we walked round the queue the ever present sound of running water and the huge splash every time someone came down the final ramp into the pool was making my need to pee gradually get worse making me squirm and wiggle.

We got towards the front and by now i was really desperate, I was stood crossing and uncrossing my legs and squirming around as my bladder pushed on my pee hole trying to force it to open. Each splash was now torture and I was almost leaking each time. I looked at the people ahead of us and calculated by the groups who were together we were now 5th in line. As a new log came and the line got shorter i started dripping in my knickers. I kept looking down the line, like standing in a bathroom line urging it to hurry up.

By the time we were 2nd in line I was almost leaking and subtly dancing to help keep control of my bladder threatening to burst. We got to first in line and standing looking at the water running past as we waited for our log to come round was torture. Finally ours arrived and we got in. I sat down with my legs either side of the seat which meant i could no longer squeeze my thighs together. I slipped my hand up my skirt and pushed on my pee hole to try and keep it from opening.

After going round and down the first drop i was leaking like mad and couldn't stop them, it was turning me on so much and this is when i decided that once we got to the end of the ride the nearest toilets were right by the entrance and i would leak and most probably start spurting with each step i took so i decided that if i was going to get soaking wet with water i might as well use that as cover. We carried on round and came down the second drop and into a tunnelled section. It was pitch black and you couldn't see a thing. I used this opportunity to squirm like mad and rub my aching pee hole without anyone seeing. As i did i spurted suddenly....and again.....and again. I was starting to lose control. My pee hole was trembling under the pressure of holding back the contents of my bladder and kept on failing and letting it escape into my spotty knickers which were now soaked.

We started to climb up to the final huge drop. As we headed up the conveyor I was spurting like mad and seconds from losing all control. We emerged into the daylight and went over the edge and hurtled down the drop. I had planned to pee once my clothes were wet to cover it up but the sudden acceleration as we went down the waterfall was too much and my bladder burst soaking my knickers and skirt. The relief was amazing. It felt so good and so naughty to be peeing where i was. Then i felt another sensation. The whole naughtiness of the situation coupled with the vibrations of the seat was sending shock waves through my body and before i could stop it my body was hit with a huge orgasm.

When we hit the bottom a huge wave covered us and soaked everything (i was in need of a cold shower ). When we got out of the boat i looked at myself and was soaked from head to toe.....at least no one would know i had just wet myself. We went over and looked at the picture booth and found a picture of us all screaming as we came down the drop.....if only everyone knew i was screaming for completely different reasons ;)

*002*2014-08-31 20:48

{{ 

We've been there (if I've worked it out from your description) a few times recently, and I've always looked around when waiting in the long queues, wondering how many people had decided to go for just one more ride before attending to the needs of their bladders. I needed to go pretty badly when we arrived (early) last time, and I think my two friends did too, but I was dragged straight into the already long queue for the new ride before it got even longer. What a fantastic description of it all though - just put into words what I was dreaming about for the whole time that I was standing in the queues!

}}

Glad you enjoyed it :), i have seen a few instances where it looks like someone has decided to have one more ride, or they have been brought by their friends before going to the toilet....i will post these at some point.

*004*2014-08-31 21:01

{{ 

As ever Gemmy, A seriously hot story! *fans self*

}}

Hee hee had the desired effect i see

*006*2014-08-31 21:04

{{ 

Ummmm, you mean the throbbing and wet effect? Yes!

}}

Yes that effect ;)

