Story from a Blog

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-06-08 15:35

Taken from:

%http://bimboden.blogspot.com/2008/05/if-peeing-your-pants-is-cool-consider.html

{{ 

The last time I peed myself was in the 9th grade..........

Today I had a very intense moment in the Blockbuster off of Campus. I left work knowing I had to pee, but I have an insane, psychotic aversion to using the bathrooms at work/anywhere in public. It's a common thing...... or at least I tell myself that every day that I hold it in until I get home and make a run for the toilet. So what does Blockbuster have to do with any of this?

I left work today knowing I had to..... you know. I also knew that I had the last 2 Battlestar Galactica dvds to return and trade out for other movies. So, since Blockbuster was on the way home, I decided to hold it in for another 3 minutes. Or so I thought.......

First I took a wrong turn and it took me an extra 5 minutes to get to the store. I then walked into Blockbuster determined to find two suitable movies that would do for the moment. Apparently, I'm a little more choosey than I expected and once I got to the L's in the New Release section, there was a public restroom.

I decided to give up and use it. I set down my phone, my 2 dvds to return and the one dvd I'd picked out and try to open the door, not caring at all if my phone got stolen or my dvd's reshelved. I had to pee and there was no stopping me..... except a locked door. I need a key to use a bathroom at an effing video store? FRACK!!!!! So, I decided, 'Stay calm. Find one more video and jet.' I get The Namesake (N's..... I didn't go far.) and run to the registers. The two retarded employees are just standing behind the counter: The dude's talking about his boyfriend and the girl's some stupid asian that doesn't even see me in front of her and just talked to this fag (Last I heard, that was the P.C. term for it.....) about some picket-line outside of the the fag's bf's Blockbuster. Seriously? You work at Blockbuster and the best you could do was date a guy that works at ANOTHER Blockbuster? Yeah, that sounds about right.

Alright, so I'm waiting for these two UCI retards to realize that I'm standing there, 4 dvd's in hand, a box of popcorn and my card all set and ready for her to scan. Get serious children. Pull your heads out of your bums and do your job. Don't you know I have to pee and your bathroom is fracking locked?! She finally starts checking me out and this man comes up asking if any Golden Compass dvds have been returned. (You're a billion years old! Why do you need a children's fantasy movie 2 days after it's released? Find a dollar theater old man.) She takes a break from my 'order' to search their returned videos. I'm practically jumping up and down and then a thought runs through my head:

'If I peed right here, right now, would anyone notice? Probably not, but I'd have to get these dry cleaned. Would I tell them why they smell like urine? That would be an awful car ride home. Dude, last time you peed yourself, it was not a fun time.'

So, I rushed, went around the corner, grabbed my shiite and bolted to my car. For some reason, ironically, sitting down in my car make the feeling a little better, but still pressing. So, I hit the gas and race home. The entire way, I flash back to Freshman year.

So, as I said, the last time I wet myself was in 9th grade. I've always saved this story for moments where people ask me about my most embarrassing moment, but I figure a blog is as good a venue as any to share my secrets..... especially since about 3 people read it. I'm gonna share with you the most embarrassing moment of my life. I think everytime I tell it is just about as embarrassing as the moment it happened. Here's what happened:

I'm sure you're thinking 'What's the point? She already told us the end of it.' Oh you are soooo wrong. That's only 3/4 of the way through. I went on a Christian wilderness leadership trip (called Niko, Greek for 'to overcome') and since I have an aversion to peeing anywhere outside of my own personal restroom, let alone behind a bush, I decided to not drink much water and just hold it until we get to the next point that there's a restroom. Well, one of my leaders notices I'm not drinking any of my water during the big hike. He makes us stop until I finish my canteen. BIG MISTAKE.

Yes, I was dehydrated, but I was NOT going to pee behind a bush. Well there came a point halfway through that I just could not hold it anymore. I decide to go behind a tree and make some people wait for me. Okay, so overalls? Not a good idea.......... I get behind the tree and I have to go so badly that I'm frantic and can't undo the buckles on the overalls. I'm struggling and trying as hard as I can. I start crying and shouting to my friends to help me, so a couple of my girlfriends come behind the tree and try to unhook the buckles, but? It's too late. I just let it all go. I'm crying and I just peed in my overalls at 14 years old. What is wrong with me?!

Now, remember, this is only 3/4 of the way through the hike. So, I'm forced to hike the rest of the way in wet, pee stained overalls. My legs start chaffing and I try to stay in the back so the boys can't see me. (I thought they couldn't see..... what a stupid, naive girl. EVERYONE knew.) We start walking down the hill to the campsite and I start feeling sick to my stomach. Someone gives me a peach to eat to possibly calm my stomach and we're almost to bottom and I have to stop and sit down. I am ridiculously nauseous. We finally get to the campsite, I change my clothes, and we gather in a circle to pray.

This is where the metaphorical shite hits the metaphorical fan. We're praying, it's somber, it's peaceful.............. until I throw up in the circle. Yes. First, I pee my pants in front of 4 of my friends. Next, I throw up in front of everyone. Best night of my life, by far. I then leave the circle (while the prayer continues) and throw up on the side of the hill we just hiked down. But Princess Diana ended up taking the focus off of me by dying in a nutso car crash. Thank you???

Well, I was nervous out of my mind that I was going to relive that moment as I stood there in Blockbuster. It almost came to the point that I had to hold myself like a little kid. I was almost hopping up and down and putting my hands between my legs so it didn't start dripping down my legs. (Is this getting too graphic? Well, sorry to the 3 people that are reading this.)

Luckily for me, it's 10 years later and I've learned to hold it in a little better, but seriously, I legitimately thought about the consequences of peeing my pants in the middle of a public place at the age of 24. Is that unacceptable? I think I'd understand if I saw someone do it. Sometimes it's out of someone's control....... I'd take that person to the bathroom to help them clean up if that happened. It's right down the street from my house, so maybe I'd even take them home.... if I had a towel in my car. If not.... it's warm outside. Go lay out and dry off.

I have no heart.

}}

*002*2011-06-09 13:48

{{ 

Hey, that's the story I read about the hike! It really was! Thanks for finding it for me!

}}

You're welcome. I had a feeling that was the one.

