Male public desperation

Author: Ausguy95

*000*2013-12-17 08:52

Hey guys. I've only just joined, and this is my first post other than my little introduction, so I guess I'll introduce myself here as well. I'm an 18 year old Australian guy, an apprentice mechanic, and a fan of omo! Anyways, I've never had a (public) wetting, but I have had a couple instances of public desperation. I didn't realise how much I was turned on by this stuff.

Anyways, this one was at a job interview I had earlier this year. I'm a bit of a nervous person, so this interview had me stressed a little. In particular, I get a really dry mouth. (You can see where this is going.) Anyway, I was at my Dad's work beforehand, getting a few tips for the interview, and started drinking water because my mouth was already getting really dry - two 500ml water bottles in about half an hour. The time came to head to the interview, and I left, not needing to pee at all.

Soon after, I got to the agency where the interview was being held. There was a couple of chairs, a water cooler, and a receptionist behind the desk. I introduced myself, and the receptionist told me that they were running a little late, but I'd be in shortly. No biggie. I looked at the clock - 8:45.

So, I sat next to the water cooler, and drank. And drank. I tried stopping my mouth from being so dry, then realised that I'd have to pee from all the water, which made me more nervous, which made me drink more, and so on. Not to mention I was wearing a suit that made me sweat, and drink even more. So by about 9:30, and about 8 cups of water later, I was called in. By that time my bladder had filled a little, probably a 4 out of 10, just enough that there was a constant dull urge. I stood up and went in. I told myself that these interviews are usually over pretty quick, that there was probably a toilet here anyway, if things got too bad.

Well, that interview sure dragged out. Of course the interviewer had to know my entire life story, scan my driver's license, have me fill out about ten million forms (which then had to be faxed away), most of which were filled with silly vague questions that, unfortunately, required concentration and a long-ish answer. By 10:15 I was starting to fidget, discretely, and finding it hard to concentrate, while still trying to appear normal and confident and give decent answers to her questions, in between staring at the clock. By the time the interview finished at 10:30, I was busting, but very, very happy to be finally leaving, and able to go home and pee. Just as I'm about to leave, though:

"Okay, we just have this aptitude test for you; it usually takes about 1 hour and 45 minutes"

Oh fuck. Even though I had to go pretty badly, shyness got the better of me and I didn't ask if they had a toilet, I just sat down with the test immediately. (For some reason it's kinda taboo for guys to ask for bathroom, I dunno why.) I had that constant stinging throb in my bladder, telling me to find relief, soon. I found it impossible to concentrate; I was squirming, rocking, with my legs squeezed together verrry tightly. Looking around, I couldn't see toilets or any sign pointing towards them, just one doorway leading into offices. I knew there was no way I'd make an hour and 45 minutes, but I started anyway.

Well, thankfully for me the test was a breeze and I blundered through it in about half an hour, and was in a very desperate state afterwards. I stood up and immediately bent back over a little with a twinge of protest from my abdomen, shuffling uncomfortably over to the receptionists' desk to hand it in. I was prepared to overcome my shyness and ask if they had a toilet, when she took the test and told me that that was all, have a nice day, we'll be in touch etc. So with that I hurriedly thanked her and ambled out the door into the carpark, cursing myself for parking my car (at the time a '68 VW Beetle) several aisles away. Shuffling along, bladder burning and throbbing with every step, I didn't care if people saw me, I knew if I tried to stand up straight and walk without my thighs clenched together I was going to burst, though I was starting to think that was inevitable.

I fumbled with my keys at my car, managed to get the door open, squeezed myself in (remember, small Bug, not really comfy to get into) with my bladder absolutely screaming at my having to fold over to get in the car. I knew there was no way I'd make it home so I decided I'd head to dad's work instead, not caring if it seemed weird or what. Floored it away (which, being a VW Bug, didn't really get me there any faster, heheh), trying not to wet myself when my legs had to move the pedals, or when I had to very reluctantly pull my hand out of my crotch to change gear. I managed to make it there, waddle inside, yell something to the tune of "HI-DAD-BE-THERE-SOON-GOTTA-PEE", and got my fly open about 0.2 seconds before just bursting into the urinal. Ugh, I've never felt relief quite like it.

Despite being very uncomfortable, I was surprised at how much the whole thing turned me on. Like, a LOT.

Sorry for the gigantic wall of text, this is my first story, haha. I figured too much detail is better than not enough, any feedback is appreciated. I do have more but I didn't realise how much effort goes into typing it out. Anyway, I hope you like! Greetings from Australia! I'm sure I'll have some fun at this site

*002*2013-12-24 11:41

Thanks! Yeah, even though I'm a straight bloke I kinda like reading about other guys in these situations, it's odd.

No worries at all! Like I said, any feedback is good feedback, I'm not concerned about gender or sexuality haha.

