Theme park accident

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2013-01-06 01:09

I like to see other pretty women wet themselves. Those incidents make me feel strong, clean, aroused and more desirable. I enjoy how they feel themselves humiliated. I am more "woman" than those little peegirls or something like that. Like I earlier told here, I saw once when cute adult actress peed herself on our schoolyard. I was about 13 then. Maybe that is the reason how I feel. I like men and I have boyfriend, but I don´t like if they pee their pants. I have never peed myself on purpose after one time in my bathroom. It was no effect on me in any way. I just tested. Of course needing to pee and desperation feels good! I have accidentally peed my pants in public just once during my adult life. I didn´t like that occasion either. I tell my story now, cause I know how many of you like to read that story. It makes me very embarrased and I still feel how akward situation it was.

Few years ago I promised to my big sister look at her kids, when she had a cleaning day. She has one girl and two boys. They are still very wild and fast. Then they were about 4-7 years old and maybe even quicker than now! We went by bus to retail park. Sister had promised she would get us home by car. After an hour or something we went to McDonald's and we ordered burger meals. Kids left half of their colas and I drank more than my own. That was a biiig mistake. I never had problems with my bladder and I couldn't believe any problems would be that time either. I walked kids in toilet one after another, while I check the other kids outside. Then we all went to amusement park. There I understood I had quite a big problem. I should look at all of them. We had to keep as a group. If those wild kids ran out of my sight I would loose them. Toilet visit was not possible with all those three. I decided to wait till we would be back in my sisters house.

We spent time together and we had a much fun, but my need to pee was terrible whole time. I was shaking and pee dancing. I sat on bench and then stood knees together, while kids had their fun rides. Finally after few hours I called my sister. She didn't answered. Neither her husband. Then I left text message to her. I was very worried. I had to pee more than ever in my life. When my big sister eventually called, we agreed she would come immediately to get us their home at dinner. I walked with kids out of the theme park towards parking place. Walking straight was really hard for me. Time was running so slowly!

Once I saw car I thought was my sister´s. My thoughts and my focus slipped. When my concentration wasn't perfectly in my full bladder, I leaked. In one second I realized I was wetting myself! And not just a little bit. Pee ran down my legs wetting my tennis shoes and my blue skinny jeans. I couldn't stop that until my pants were soaked. I walked myself and kids between cars, cause people was watching us. I couldn't cover myself. Because it was summertime, I only had a little handbag and t-shirt on me. No jacket at all. I was so humiliated, especially because of those kids who saw my accident. I was nearly crying. I said to them, that adults could also pee their pants accidentally sometimes.

When my sister drove there, she had much fun. "OMG, you!!!" She said. She asked if we had to drive throughout my place. Of course we had to drive. I took a quick shower and changed. I said it would be nice if sister wouldn´t tell to her husband anything about my accident. After my pee session kids had been very quiet. And they still were during whole trip in the car. When we were sitting on dinner table, my sister's husband asked those kids how funny day they had and what had happened. Only thing came up was, that their naughty auntie peed her jeans at the parking place!!!

