Walking in on Someone (Male or Female): Please Contribute :P

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-02-28 13:27

Hi everyone! Today I thought I'd try something different for a change, and so, I'll be starting this. Basically, everyone is welcomed to share their experiences of ever having 'walked in' on someone, needn't be in a bathroom: for example, could have accidentally seen someone going while you were in the forest walking :) Anything and everything is welcome:)

###

One of the best 'walk in's',as far as I can remember, happened in 10th standard in school. Saturday assembly had just finished, and I headed upstairs to visit the bathroom before entering class. I entered the boy's bathroom, and, walking past the stalls, made my way to the urinals at the end of the 'hall-ish" bathroom.

Upon reaching however, I was disappointed to notice that they were all covered in Harpic ( a strongly basic compound used for cleaning toilets). At that moment, the final bell for class rang. Unsure of my capacity, I thought it safer to relieve myself before leaving and so, I made my way back towards the stalls with reluctance.

In my 10th standard school (this one), the bathroom was very large,with about 8 stalls and a dozen urinals. Nobody really used the stalls however as only one on the far end had a lock on it, and so, being walked in on was inevitable.

I swung open a stall door and stepped inside, quite desperate, already unzipped and pulling my dick out, when I noticed a girl that I instantly recognized as Sukanya ( a newly joined classmate) squatting over the toilet, her piss striking the porcelain bottom with a loud noise.

For all the non-indian readers, a normal squat toilet is like this

With the door where the photo is being taken from. When using it, you are supposed to squat FACING the hole, as the opposite end is wider and so, if doing anything other than peeing, there'll be less chance of missing the target.

So, upon entering, I saw Sukanya's beautifully toned ass, not too large nor too small, just the perfect size and tightness. For about 2 seconds she didn't even notice me standing there but when she did,she freaked out. Still wetting, she tried to jump to her feet, pulling her dupatta (the scarf like thing on this dress)

Over her privates in an attempt to preserve her dignity, but unfortunately doing nothing but getting it more than a little wet in the process. Throughout the entire time, the sound of piss hitting the bowl didn't stop, even as she was semi-standing and yelling, piss was practically shooting out of her.

The entire sighting lasted no more than 5 seconds. As she was screaming, I panicked, and darted to class,unable to relieve myself. As a result of this I fell prey to an embarrassing desperation experience later that day. Unfortunately, it was only me and so I don't think I'll upload it. If anybody's interested in some male desperation though just post here, I'll reply on the same forum.

I talked to Sukanya later that day and she apologized. Apparently, in her rush to the toilet, she had accidentally darted into the male bathroom, and, not noticing the well-concealed urinals at a turnoff at the end, mistook it for the ladies room. I told her it was okay,and to this day,we're quite good friends.

__________________________________________________________________________

Thanks a lot for reading, hoped you enjoyed it. PLEASE contribute :P all such experiences, regardless of gender,are welcome here. Also, to the fellow indian readers (Pain and Ashishgamer to the best of my knowledge) please post on this when you get the chance, I can't wait for your posts :P

