Female Desperation

Author: Avidreader

*000*2012-06-29 01:11

This is a story that a former female friend told me, why I let this this friendship end I will never know. I suppose I was lucky to have her at all as she told me many stories and wet and messed herself for me. Anyways without further delay:

Okay so i was in school obviously ha i was learning science and i had the meanest teacher ever! She never let us go to the bathroom she just wanted us to listen to her and do work cause she was convinced we didnt really have to go to the bathroom when we said we did so i raised my hand and told her i had to go and it took alot of courage cause she was a yeller and she told me i wasnt aloud to go i literally begged her to let me go but we were taking a test (and the worst part is the stupid bathroom was in her classroom ugh!) anyways she made me sit down and its alot harder to hold it when your sitting like you could cross your legs but it just isnt the same as when you cross your legs standing up.

So when i was sitting i was like grabbing onto the chair trying to hold it but my teacher thought i was cheating cause i was acting all antsy so she yelled at me kind of unexpectedly and i let go of the chair and my body just let it out and it was a private school so i was wearing a skirt and the pee went back in my panties and came out all in my chair and i felt that hot feeling run down my leg not to mention everyone was looking at me already cause i just got yelled at. It was sooo obvious i mean compared to yesterday it was probably 10 times as bad (she had wet herself the day before for me) it was like a tan skirt and it was all over my butt since i was sitting and i just sat there so embarrassed and my teacher made me get up and i had to walk to the principles office covered in pee...

I realize it's a run on sentence but I don't think many would mind. Anyways theres no reason to keep these stories to myself. Enjoy!

*004*2012-06-29 13:39

I will make sure to edit them in the future then if it is a problem, I tried to edit this one after the fact but it will not let me. Anyways we live and we learn.

