The substitute's cruelty

Author: TJC

*000*2015-08-18 01:39

This incident take place during grade seven science class. Our usual teacher was absent, probably sick, so we had a substitute. She was a very strict, old, stern looking lady. We got to class and she introduced herself and called roll call. The work our teacher had assigned was to read a section of our textbook and answer questions. The teacher sat at her desk reading something.

We got to work on our work problems. The sub was very old fashioned. She didn't allow music or talking in class so it was like being in a library. A short while into the class a girl, Robin raises her hand. The teacher doesn't notice her so she walks up and asks to go pee. The teacher denies her permission. Robin tried to explain she had some sort of medical condition which either made her have to frequently pee, or made her have to drink lots of water, i can't remember exactly what she had; either way, she had special permission to go pee. She had given our real teacher a note at the beginning of the year.The teacher didn't believe her. She said that lots of kids pull that stuff and unless she has a physical note, she couldn't leave. Robin was a very shy girl so she didn't argue. She went back to her seat.

She at first completed her work normally. She didn't fidget too much or cross her legs. I was aroused at the thought of seeing her desperate, being that she was a pretty attractive girl. Medium height, long brown hair in a ponytail and a medium build. Like in most cases where i witness someone desperate i also felt bad, especially in her case being forced to hold with a medical condition, and on top of that being a shy and very sweet girl.

Her desperation grew rather quickly. After a short while i noticed she began fidgeting and grabbing herself. She was having trouble focusing on her work. I could hear her mumbling to herself. "Oh this hurts so bad. I really gotta pee." She shook in her chair. Her desperation wasn't extreme, but i could tell she wasn't comfortable.

Her desperation soon grew to intense levels. At this point her pencil was down to tend to the more pressing matter of holding her pee. She had her hands clamped on her crotch and was bouncing up and down in her chair. She was so desperate, despite her shyness she raised her hand to call the teacher. The teacher came. "Please miss, i really need to pee. I promise this isn't a joke to leave class." The teacher looked at her sternly. "Joke or not, you are not a child, you should be able to hold in your pee." The teacher then left.

Robin at this point was in agony. She was moving around quite a bit. Her hands were clamped to her crotch and her legs were crossed firmly. She was bouncing up and down in her seat, practically dancing. I could see beads of sweat running down her face. I also took a look at her abdomen and saw it was super swollen. She was crying because of the agony and would burst any second.

I was super aroused at the thought of seeing her have an accident and humiliate herself, but then i thought of how bad i felt for her. I then decided to take the high road and help her. I came up with a plan. I whispered to her." Wait until i have her distracted, then go pee." She was confused and didn't reply. I then said. "Miss i really have to pee. May i go?" i of course was lying for the sake of my plan. She refused. "Well it's an emergency so i'm going anyway. " I then left the classroom. and walked a safe distance from the door. The sub followed me. Robin was able to get out and run to the girls room.

The sub gave me hell. Se told me to go wait in the principal's office. I went. She came down when class was over and she and the principal talked to me. I explained exactly what happened, about my plan and how Robin was refused the bathroom. The principal seemed torn between my disrespect for a teacher and good deed. He ultimately gave me one day detention, i guess because he didn't want me to go around disrespecting teachers. When Robin saw me again she was grateful for what i did. We became pretty good friends after.

*004*2015-08-18 05:38

{{ 

Dude, respect.

At the end of the day, our fetish is only sub par to human decency,

I love this post.

}}

{{ 

Respect to you for helping this girl out even with your fetish, and especially in seventh grade.

}}

Thanks guys. The biggest reason i chose to help, was like i said, she was very shy. She always had trouble making friends and being social. I knew that something like wetting herself would have destroyed her emotionally, and I though that even if it would arouse me if she wet, i should do the right thing and help.

*007*2015-08-18 14:38

Teachers usually allowed us to bring some sort of personal music player to class, as long as we got work done. We could also talk if we paired up to do work, as long as we weren't too noisy.

*009*2015-08-18 17:11

{{ 

The freakin' principal should have fired the substitute or seriously berated her. Going to the bathroom is a right as it is a bodily need like food and water. Knowing what I know now, in any situation similar, and a teacher denies going to the bathroom, I would ask why. Then ask what would become of the world if he/she/I went to the bathroom for 2 minutes or so?

When you grow up and get a job, you can usually just leave to the bathroom at will. Just one of those things I never understood about the classroom setting: it doesn't prepare you for ANY real life situations or job/family skills, and even for higher learning it does very little to prepare you for college.

}}

Yeah, i was pretty pissed i was the one to get in shit instead of the teacher. The school had strict no disrespecting teacher policies. I also agree that it is cruel to deny the bathroom. Especially with bullshit reasons like "You should have gone before class" or "You can hold it at your age". As most of us in the omorashi community can tell you, accidents happen at any age, and even if you avoid accidents, extreme desperation is super painful too.

*019*2015-08-24 17:10

{{ 

Absolutely agree with you. I got denied a request to go to the bathroom quite often as a kid at elementary school. Back then this just seemed normal but now that I'm older I realize it makes no sense at all to deny someone from going to the bathroom. You wouldn't even to do that to a prisoner in jail. Seems a lot like power hungry teachers bullying little kids to me.

}}

I agree, teachers use bs abuses of power, not just with the bathroom. Like once in high school, we were doing an assignment in class. I wasn't the best student but this particular day i was on a role, i got the most work done out of everyone, i was focused. I was also listening to music. The teacher told me to stop. Everyone else was noisy, and without music i was really distracted. I found it stupid how she gave me hell for music when i was getting so much work done, and did noting about the people dicking around.

Well that was a little off topic lol, but the point is, yeah teachers often do stupid stuff with their power.

