"Bathroom Renovations" [A Long and Wet Story]

Author: EverythingGold

*000*2014-12-08 10:31

Hey! I thought I would share a story about something that just happened last night while its still fresh in my mind, enjoy :)

Last night i had an old friend come over to catch up, I normally don't have girls over at night, but my mom was on a vacation for the weekend. I told her I would meet her at her work when she got off that night and that we would have to walk back to my house which was about a half hour away since my mom had the car. When I got there we hugged and had our little "5 minute reunion" before starting the 30 minute walk to my house.

About 5 minutes into the walk, she complained about needing to pee. "How much longer do we have to walk for?" she asked. "About 25 minutes or so, what, are you too lazy to walk?" I joked. "Noo, I just need to go pee." she stated, "It's so much harder to walk when you have to pee." we both shared a little laugh and kept moving forward. After about 15 more minutes of walking we stopped at a crosswalk, while we were waiting for the long line of traffic to pass, I glanced over to see if she looked desperate at all, her legs were crossed and it was safe to say that was a subtile sign that her need to pee was rising.

When we finally arrived at my house, she immediately ran to my couch and laid down. "My feet hurt, first I had to work all day, then I had to walk here" she said jokingly. "I'm sorry, next time I'll get you your own limo to drive you here" I said while we laughed. "I brought us a surprise" she said as she pulled a large bottle of vodka out of her little bag. "Woah how did you even fit that in there, your bag is so small!" I said. "I have my ways." she said as she winked at me and cracked open the bottle.

After about 10 minutes and a couple of shots, I noticed that she hadn't mentioned her need to pee in a while and started to get hopeful "could there really be a chance that she could have an accident? Is there anything i could come up with to up those chances at all?" I thought. Then it hit me, something I had completely forgotten about. My mom recently started doing some renovations around the house and she was currently in the middle of re doing the bathroom, the door was locked and behind it was nothing but a mirror, paint cans, and unfinished flooring waiting to be tiled. "Oh my gosh, this could be perfect!" I thought to myself. I live in an apartment in a large city so if she wanted to go outside to pee not only would she have to take the elevator down, it would also be pretty difficult to find anywhere to go outside; plus, everything closes at about 10pm. I just prayed I would get an idea that would work.

After drinking almost half the bottle between the both of us we were both kind of tipsy, I started to notice that she was squirming a little beside me, I figured I would just enjoy watching her while we talked, after about a minute or so she stopped moving around and crossed her legs. "I can't believe she hasn't mentioned needing to pee in almost an hour!" a part of me was getting excited in hopes that I might just see her pee herself because it was something I had wanted to see ever since I met her years ago. "Let's play a game!" she said excitedly, we had been trying to think of something fun to do for a while.

"Ok, what game? I asked "Umm ok, how about double dare?" she asked with a smirk "What's double dare?" I asked "Well it's sort of like truth or dare, but with no truths and you aren't aloud to chicken out." she stated. "Ok lets do it, you start!" I said "Ok, just a second though where is your bathroom? I've had to pee forever and I like really need to go now" she said laughing with a hint of concern. "Just down the hall, but do think you can wait for a couple rounds of our game?" I asked knowing that the bathroom was currently unusable. "Ok" she said with a little smile "Only because you're so fun to be around." she said. "I try" I said back to her with a laugh passing her the bottle.

At this point I was almost shaking with excitement, while we played our game and drank the remainder of our vodka we both mentioned that we were drunk and laughed, I watched as she kept slowly rocking back and forward squirming around the couch. "This is it I have to think of something now,I can't risk losing this opportunity" I thought to myself, when suddenly she stood up. "Ok, I really really really need to pee which room is the bathroom? We can keep playing when I come back." at this point I could tell that there was no way she would be able to walk to the elevator, wait for it to come, go all the way downstairs, then walk around and find a place to go in time.

"First door on your left!" I said. I watched her walk down the hall and attempt to open the door. "This one has a sticker on it saying cation wet paint and currently out of service on it, where's your other bathroom?" she asked moving up and down with her legs crossed. "What!" I said with a fake sense of surprised confusion. "There is no other bathroom!" she stumbled back towards me. "oh no really?!" she asked in a suprised voice. "What am I gonna do!" she said. "Let's just go downstairs and you can find somewhere to go" I said. "Ok, hurry let's go!" she said lightly stumbling towards my door.

Now I was worried. "Oh no, she's gonna make it.." I thought to myself, knowing we were now doomed to go downstairs. "I'm literally not even putting shoes on come on" she said heading out the door. "Ok I'll catch up to you in like 10 seconds push the button for the elevator!" I quickly put my shoes on, but as I went to get up and walk out the door she came back through it. "I'm not gonna make it downstairs in time, what do I do.." she said as she closed the door behind her. "What? are you sure?" I asked, truly trying my hardest not to sound excited. "I'm about to pee my pants, what do I do" She asked with a large sense of urgency and to that I said the first thing that came into my mind. "I'll get a towel."

I stumbled quickly down the hall to where towels were grabbed one and not a moment after i got back it happened. I watched as she stood there hunched over with her legs crossed, pee running down her yoga tights as a small puddle turned to a lake on my wood floor at her feet. She looked at me "Please don't hate me, I'm so sorry." she said about ready to cry. "Why would i hate you, this has got to be one of the funniest drunk situations ever!" I said trying to make the situation seem a bit brighter for her. but then, she did something I didnt expect, she laughed. "Oh my god you're right, for a girl who only weights 109 pounds, I can sure hold a lot of pee!"

After that I don't really remember much of what happened but I think we just cuddled and watched some movies, but that's my first story! I apologize that it was really long but I wanted to make sure it was as detailed as i could make it. thanks for reading :) let me know if any of you would wanna hear some of my other stories!

