Couldn't hold it during a two-person shower, last resort desperate car pee

Author: nandala

*000*2015-01-08 11:50

This happened to me just a few hours ago. I was in the middle of a great night with the boyfriend, who is not into omorashi, but humors me on it.

We were in the middle of... activities when he suddenly stopped.

"I have to pee," he said.

"Me too," I replied.

"You go first."

"Let's get in the shower," I said, pulling him toward the bathroom.

He knows what this means. I wanted him to pee on me, which he is comfortable doing in the shower.

I should point out that at this stage of the evening we were both rather impaired, which, I suspect, is why I forgot how bad I needed to pee in the midst of conjuring the shower plan. And, sad to say, I am really not willing to pee in front of him, even in the shower.

No matter. I was sure I could hold it. I never have accidents.

We pressed on with the business of communal showering, which is to say we were not always focused on getting clean. Being inebriated, we were both wildly giggly, though I couldn't tell you right now what was making me laugh so much.

It happened twice before I really took notice: when laughing, I wasn't just having little twinges. It was full-on threatening to come out, in that dam-bursting, peeing uncontrollably way that only trying to hold it in the shower can give way to.

Still laughing, but bending ungracefully at the waist while trying to hold it, I told him of my predicament, half hoping he would take the hint and leave me alone in the shower. Instead, he told me to just let go, that it didn't bother him.

"No, I can wait," I said. I really believed it, and momentarily forgot about it.... until the next wave of giggles. "Aah!" I yelped mid-laugh, bending again while looking sheepishly up at him. I blew it off again, but I was already realizing it was a lost battle.

My mind was torn between two thoughts: first, the irony that I was giving this hot, authentic desperation show to someone totally disinterested, and second, what to do about the fact that I'm about to have a pee accident in front of him??

Just as those thoughts were flashing across my mind, another wave of urge to pee came, this time too strong for me to control. I bent at the waist again, legs locked together tightly, but to no avail. Pee was spraying out from between my clenched legs and I couldn't stop it, so I just grabbed him and made him turn around. Once he wasn't looking, I unlocked my legs and stepped one leg back toward the drain so my stream wouldn't get near him. From the moment that last urge hit me, until I was completely empty, I couldn't stop peeing at all.

Since I managed to turn him away from seeing me, I got through it without too much embarrassment, but I am still feeling very sheepish at this moment about the display of desperation. It is very unlike me to do any kind of "pee dance" in front of someone. So despite this happening in the shower, it's one of the more embarrassing incidents I've experienced.

###

Bonus story - I got caught by this same boyfriend a couple of days ago, peeing in my car! I had been running errands for hours and had drank quite a bit of water, and was headed to his house to pick him up and go shopping.

I knew there were no bathrooms in the store where we were planning to shop. On top of that, he still lives with his family and they don't know about me, so I couldn't go inside and pee if they were there. The drive to his place was long, and the weather was cold and rainy - the kind of weather that brings out the worst desperation for me!

That whole drive, all I could think about is where I would pee when I got to his place. Since it was raining, I couldn't really run out into the field. Couldn't duck into a corner in the alley, either - can't imagine a worse way to be discovered by his family! I did have an umbrella.... I started entertaining the idea of car door + umbrella being enough cover for a quick pee.

I don't know if this happens to others, but sometimes when I'm desperate, I lose some of my ability to think straight and plan. I mean, why did I even need to drive to his place first? In hindsight, I could've gone to the next neighborhood over, at least. But I didn't, I drove straight to his street. I call this effect "desperation brain."

"I don't suppose you would be home alone," I texted him from outside. The response was negative. No dice. "Be there at 4:45," I told him. It was 4:30. I was already there, thinking he'd surely stay inside until I told him I'd arrived. Desperation brain.

I scoped out the area and quickly spotted a loitering UPS driver going over something on a clipboard, pretty much pointed straight at me. The umbrella idea was out, then. I checked my glovebox in the vain hope that I had a traveljohn in the car, but that was wishful thinking, plus what would I do with the full one? Desperation brain.

My last resort was a large plastic tumbler I spotted in the back seat. I had no choice, I was desperate.

I pushed the front seat all the way forward and quickly hopped out of the car and into the back. I got on my knees in the back floorboard. It was quite cramped, and I had on skin-tight running capris, so I couldn't put the cup into my pants from the bottom of the pants leg. I had to pull them down.

I'm still in minor disbelief that I did this, but I guess experience makes one bold with peeing in public. I pulled my pants down, kneeling in the floorboard. I hurriedly put the cup in a position that was an educated guess, but didn't have time at all to test it gingerly. I'd been bursting for at least an hour at this point, and with the mere suggestion of it being okay to pee, I started peeing involuntarily and could not stop.

The method, unfortunately, was not entirely a success. I got a fair bit of pee on my shorts (hooray for moisture-wicking athletic wear), and likely also on the floor of my car, but I'd say 90% of it made it into the cup. Good enough!

I wish I were making this up, but I was still in the process of pulling my pants up in the backseat of my car when my boyfriend walked right up to the the window. He startled me so badly that I'm very glad I had already peed. Turns out, he was out walking his dog and had seen a lot of the situation from down the street. He was clearly amused, and I was totally mortified.

This guy seems to catch me in desperate situations more than anyone else I've been with... too bad he can't appreciate it the way I know some folks would!

*003*2015-01-10 20:39

Those are actually really good questions. I think what happens is this: when I'm dating a guy who is not into pee things, I only try to get him to do things to/for me... because if a guy is pretty open, usually they are willing to do small things like pee in the shower, since it turns me on. But since he isn't into it, I still completely keep it a secret that I like to participate. Does that make sense?

As such, I've had tons of experiences of guys doing things like that for me, but extremely few with guys who wanted me to reciprocate.

I have peed in front of this boyfriend once, but we were drunk and carousing around in a park after hours, so that was different. Plus it was dark. I felt okay in that situation because it seemed like something most (drunk) girls would do.

*006*2015-01-11 08:05

It's been a very long time since I measured, but last I checked, I start to feel uncomfortable at about 500mL, then everything beyond that would mean I'm a bit desperate.

The tumbler I used was quite large, maybe 10-11" tall, as I have been making effort to stay extra hydrated lately. :) I only filled it about 2/3 full, which I eyeballed at about 500mL. (I didn't do it for fun, but the fetishist in me had to consider it!)

Ben, I'm glad someone understands! Now that I really think about it, of course it makes sense we wouldn't want to put on a show for someone who wouldn't enjoy it. Even if the "audience" knows it's fun for us.

