Wet paintball

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-10-24 20:18

This is my wetting story when I went play paintball with my friends and their friends (we were group of about 40 people). Hope you will like it.

I was wearing normal t-shirt and leggins, and they borrowed us overalls, already dirty from the paint. We had boots, but because of strong rain over night, some girls except me borrowed wellies. The battle area was in the forrest(full of mud because of the rain) with some wooden bunkers and small creek diving two areas. We were usually playing capture all the flags(3 per team) and after few games, I was quite desperated. Between the games, when we were refilling ammo, there was time to go to the toilet, but it won't be any fun, right?

Because my team was losing, we decided to change the tactics. Girls will be guarding bridges over the creek and main fort, and all boys will go to the attack. There were three girls in fort and two for every bridge, but only one for the last bridge. I voluntarily went guarding the last bridge alone, having almost full bladder. I was laying in small trench and waiting if anybody will go. The new tactic was better, because after half hours, we still haven't loose and the game was still on. I was really desperated and when few drops of pee leaked into my leggins and overall, I wanted to pee, but then four members from enemy team came from the bridge.

I was supposed to kill them, but I will kill maybe two of them before they will get me, so I decided to wait, if they won't split. For some reason, they were standing near to bridge for soooooo long. I was waiting and trying to hold, but then I couldn't hold it anymore and my bladder started to bursting. As I was laying in small trench, the pee was making puddle around me. I felt how the pee puddle is first making around my crotch. As the puddle was making bigger, I felt hot pee around my legs. After a while, I finally stopped the peeing, but I was laying in pee puddle and I was wet like if I peed my pant's standing. But the enemies were still there, so I was laying and waiting.

Finally, two of them went to our area, and the other two stayed at the bridge. That was my time. I jumped up and shooted them. I killed them both before they realised from where I was shooting. I was standing in front of them, still wet. They looked at me and started laughing. One of them aked if I had peed myself. "No, there was puddle after raind and I didn't saw it.", I answered. They laughed and went to cementery. I went back to the trench, waiting for the second two to come. But I was turned on, so while laying there, I let the rest of pee out. I completely forget about the game and started rubbing my crotch.

When I get orgasm, I was laying there for a while and then I realised I'm wet from pee and dirty from mud. I knowed I can't came like this to the others and I can't return the overall pissed, so I jumped from the bridge into the creek and hided under the bridge and bathed fully clothed in the creek. Then I heard the horn announcing the game is over. I had to return to the base. Even if I stucked in mud while leaving the creek and came to base completely wet, dirty from mud till overknees and wellies full of mud, I wasn't in pissed overall and this way dirty was something normal here. The rest of the day, I was turned on and made few small peeings into my leggins and overall, then of course bathem again in the creek.

Even if my team didn't win, I enjoyed the day, mainly because of wetting myself.

