Shared Misery

Author: colbysaur

*000*2014-03-07 04:44

This one happened a little over three weeks ago (before my body decided that making me life-threateningly ill was its new hobby) so I might as well give a description of myself (that I've yet to give on any experiences I've posted).

I'm only 5'4'' and 155 lbs, so I'm slightly overweight, but I'm not considered fat. I often crossdress (nine times out of ten I'm dressed as a dude), and I'm almost always wearing skinny jeans (the ones I haven't stained yet).

So that was just to give you a basic ides of what I look like.

As always, enjoy! (as my history teacher would say before handing out a test or quiz)

So it was on a Friday, where we decided to skip school and take a road trip to the beach. Mr and Mrs Smith (obviously not their real last names, changing them for reasons) agreed to take the six of us to the beach. They had two five-seat cars, so Aimee, Sarah, and Kathrina with Mrs Smith while Darren, Matt, and I rode with Mr Smith.

The car ride gotten boring really fast. Mr Smith was too busy listening to an audiobook on his phone, Darren was taking selfies, and both Matt and I were too shy to start a conversation. We ended up bringing a bunch of energy drinks, video games, and Darren's secret stash of lesbian porn magazines that we had to keep from Mr Smith's sight.

I gulped down an energy drink while playing sonic colors on my ds. Darren was looking up a bunch of x-rated pictures (it's obvious who's the real pervert here). Matt just sat around, fidgeting in his spot occasionally.

After about two hours, I beat the game and reached in my bag for my small stack of gba games. That was when I noticed that we were at a dead stop. There were cars all around us, angry drivers honking their horns at those ahead who couldn't move an inch.

I felt a twinge in my bladder, signaling that it may be a good time to go to the bathroom within the next hour.

My bladder likes to chose the absolute best times to fill up :l

I ignored the sudden urge, putting in the gba version or mario kart in my ds and turned it on, the game distracting me from my bladder for some time. After a half an hour, my ds died and I didn't have the car charger with me. My need had grown much worse, going from a 3/10 to a 7/10.

Neither Darren nor Mr Smith had taken notice of my squirming and leg crossing, which was a relief. I looked over, seeing that Matt was obviously in the same predicament as I was, blushing and biting his lip as he crossed his legs tightly.

Traffic hadn't moved a bit, which made me grow increasingly nervous about the situation. The car was perfectly clean, not a single container in sight that I could go in, except for the empty can of monster that I bent in such a way that it wouldn't be able to hold liquid.

I had to think of something before I ended up wetting myself, but my mind was blank.

"I have to pee so bad," Matt said quietly enough that only I could hear.

"Same here," I said, "Traffic needs to move soon or I'm going to piss myself."

My need turned into a possible flood, turning into an 8/10. I wanted so desperately to shove my hands between my legs as well as undo my belt to relieve the pressure. But I didn't in fear that either of the two sitting up front would notice. (If that wasn't a problem for me, I could've avoided so many accidents)

"Um dad? When will we be reaching the next rest stop?" Matt asked.

"Not unless traffic gets moving," Mr Smith replied, his voice raspy. "Even then, there isn't a rest stop for miles. Why? Are you okay back there?"

"Yeah," he replied, "I was just wondering."

He didn't say anything after that, his desperation increasingly growing obvious as minutes passed by. I'd like to say the opposite for myself, but that'd make me a liar :l

"You two okay back there?" Darren asked, raising an eyebrow towards the two of us. We nodded simultaneously, him shrugging and not questioning any further than that.

Ten minutes passed by and my bladder was at full capacity. My belt was digging into my waist, but I didn't undo it. I was beginning to leak, knowing that a disaster would happen if I didn't go soon.

A spurt leaked out, causing a small wet patch to appear on my grey jeans. I squeezed my muscles tighter, doing the best I could to prevent spurting agan.

Matt leaked as well, a patch appearing on his shorts. I was grateful I chose to wear dark jeans, as the patched formed there wasn't as noticable.

"Can we pull over?" I asked.

"I would if the cars here would let me into the next lane," Mr Smith said, "Why? What's wrong with you two?"

"We have to go to the bathroom," I said, feeling embarrassed. Another spurt forced it's way out of my protesting bladder, causing the wet patch to grow bigger. Darren took notice in what happened, snickering at the sight of us practically wetting our pants.

"Looks like we can't pull over," Mr Smith said, "Do you two kids think you can hang on for just a little longer?"

"Not exactly," Matt replied, "It's sort of an impending flood."

We drove for a bit longer, unable to pull over at either side of the road. I was getting frantic, the option of making it without completely wetting myself seeming more like an impossibility.

"No no no!" Matt groaned, the wet patch on his pants larger by the second. Regardless of what he did, he couldn't stem the flow. A minute later, he was finished, looking visibly relieved.

Seeing someone else totally wet themself made me lose it. Pee gushed out of my jeans, puddling on the car seat. It felt so good to finally be relieved, but reality set in a matter of seconds.

"Oh my gosh, I'm so slrry Mr Smith," I said, my face burning with embarrassment. "I ruined the seat. I'll pay for a new one if you-"

"Don't sweat it kid," he said, "I'll handle it myself. Just next time, lay off the energy drinks pissy pants. Same goes for you Matt."

Did he seriously just call me pissy pants?! People these days. I was grateful that I wouldn't need to pay for new car seats, as those were completely soaked. Darren was cracking jokes about the incident, making terrible puns such as "Urine trouble" or whatever. Gladly, we reached a rest stop and the both of us got cleaned up, though the girls who rode in the other car got a mouthful of our little accident.

Needless to say, that was the joke of our group for the two weeks following.

