Me and my girlfriend

Author: Guest xXshizumaXx

*000*2012-10-06 16:50

My name is Olivia i am bisexual, my girlfriend is called Rachel and she is also bisexual, we live together and i love her very much <3

Anyway

Rachel and i have always loved omorashi, anime, yuri, wetting ourselves ect. but we only recently told eachother.

So it was 1pm and i kept drinking throughout the morning i hadnt known this at the time but Rachel was pretty desperate too. I hadnt even used the bathroom when i got up and i was starting to feel a little desperate. scale on 1 to 10: 5/10

I held my crotch and sat up straight and eventually the feeling passed, i continued to drink then Rachel came down to were i was sitting. her legs were crossed and she was obviously desperate, she looked so cute >///<

She sat down beside me and put her head on my shoulder, i suddenl felt i had to pee again. but this time it was: 7/10

She saw how desperate i was and sat on my lap and told me she alsoe needed to go. i sat staring into her eyes then suddenly she started kissing me and i kissed back, she stopped kissing me and i saw on my lap a wet patch. she leaked quite a lot but hadn't peed herself. she appologised and looked sp embarrased and cute suddenly i felt i had to pee even worse like 9/10

I got up and as i did i leaked quit a lot. Rachel put her hand on my crotch and said i felt wet. at this point i was even more desperate.

But Rachel is quite...bold XD thats what i love most about her <3

Rachel however seemed to get tired of waiting for me to pee herself so she pressed up againsed me and i felt warm and wet, i looked down and it wasnt me, it was Rachel she had just wet herself but on me. it felt so nice.

I felt myself leaking quit a lot then Rachel started rubbing me trying to make me pee so o just did what she wanted and peed. i kept my wet trousers on for nearly the whole day and Rachel did too <3

Sorry its long and its a little embarrasing putting this one up >////< hopw you dont hate me because im bisexual...

