My wet fun last night

Author: Barry

*000*2015-05-15 23:52

Yawn. It's 6:45AM in Western Australia now, and I'm up again, after being up earlier for some wet fun.

My wife had night shift last night, 10-6, and the kids were all out for the night, so I was home alone. I had a bit (lot) to drink, mainly beer, and went to bed about 10:30, and fell asleep before 11. About 1:30 I woke up extremely thirsty, and needing to pee. I went to the toilet, and then drank 2 large glasses of water, and took another back to bed with me.

After that, I just couldn't get back to sleep properly. I was so thirsty, twice more I had to get up to refill my glass. After that, the need to pee again occurred, with all the water topping up on the beer from earlier. Another trip to the toilet and yet another drink of water. Back in bed again, but still thirsty and sipping away, I can't get to sleep. The clock hits 2:30, and I'm now wide awake, still thirsty, (must've put to much salt in my dinner in my drunken state!), and I'm already feeling the need to pee slowly start to raise itself yet again. Its raining outside, and the sound of dripping water isn't helping.

"Screw this. I'm not laying here like this all night" I said to myself.

Now I think that a lot (most?) guys find that indulging in masturbation can help in falling asleep afterwards, at least it does for me. The problem was, I just wasn't in the mood. I felt tired, thirsty, and bloated, a bit hungover, maybe still a bit drunk, but certainly not aroused or horny.

But I figured that I new a way to put me in the mood.

I got up, and had a little puff of weed, then changed into a different pair of cotton boxer shorts, put my dressing gown on, and left the room. First I drank another 2 glasses of water, got my phone and smokes, and went outside to sit in my covered patio and listen to the rain while I logged on here. At first I thought of joining the live omo thread, but by know I was starting to feel the buzz coming on, and I was just not feeling like writing anything. So I started browsing the forums instead.

I sat there reading new stuff, and re-reading older stuff, particularly stories that I had written or commented on, looking for new content. As I sat there, I opened my gown and made sure that I wasn't sitting on it. I positioned myself so that I was on the edge of the wooden chair, and my male parts were actually pointing past the edge of the chair.

At first I felt an urge to fart. Now while I'm not really into messing, I do admit that an occasional slightly wet fart or minor leak is ok by me, just not a full on accident. I raised my butt and pushed a bit, and a totally dry and extremely loud fart erupted. Very loud in a dark garden at 3am. But it was dry. I had gambled and won. Now for the wetting fun.

I spread my legs apart, and slightly relaxed my bladder as I read. I could feel the pee almost release, then I'd tighten up again and hold. I started relaxing for a 5 count, but not enough to leak. By 3:15 I was really full. And stoned. All the water had by now found my bladder, the cool air was making it worse, and I was enjoying some of my favourite desperation and wetting stories. I was getting a bit worked up now.

I cocked my leg to fart again, and again I relaxed as I did. Suddenly the first drops of pee escaped. I quickly clamped on with my right hand as I sat there, and felt wet cloth through my fingers. I didn't allow myself to cross or close my legs, but kept them spread but now using my hand to tightly grasp my willy as I continued to gently relax my bladder. Another few drops escaped, followed by a little squirt.

I put my other hand down to explore in the dark. With my right hand holding tightly, my left hand found a wet spot at least the size of a tennis ball. By this stage, as soon as I loosened my grip, I started leaking. Not just dripping, but actually dribbling. My left had found a puddle on the chair beneath me. I shifted into it a bit, and suddenly felt wetness soak my bum.

When I wet, I usually regress a bit. Suddenly I felt about 9 years old. Sitting at a desk or table and having a small accident, but to embarrassed to get up in case anybody sees me, but still urgently needing to pee more. I relaxed and enjoyed the feeling, and felt myself stiffen in my hand as I uncontrollably leaked a big squirt in my pants. This one was large, and lasted a good 3 seconds or so.

Suddenly my "little me" felt panicked. I was wetting my pants again and couldn't stop. I was to big to keep having accidents in my pants like this. I slid my gown off and stood up. I had to cross my legs and bend at the waist while still holding with my hand, and could feel how soaked my shorts were. I marched on the spot for a moment, groaning a bit, when I suddenly felt hot pee run down my leg and start dripping off my bum.

I started doing a hunched over run towards the side of the house where I could stay out of the rain and relieve my aching bladder. I felt my muscles give in, and ran while peeing full force through my shorts onto my hand. When I got there it was too late to stop. I had to stand at our side gate and just give up and keep wetting my pants. It poured down my legs, and I finished up standing with my bare feet in a big puddle, with pee all over my legs.

I then sat down in the chair again, and kept squeezing myself through the wet fabric until the urges got too much, and I made a different mess in my pants.

Clean up was easy. Just took off my wet pants and hid them. I'd normally just put a load of washing on, but it's going to rain all day and I won't be able to hang any washing out.

Afterwards I went back to bed. But I still didn't get to sleep properly. When my wife got home at 6:20 I got up so she could go to bed.

I've checked outside. There is a small puddle under the chair, and a bigger one around the side, with footprints coming out of it. I just hope nobody goes out and sees it, as it looks fairly obvious what happened there.

