Have You Ever Been So Horney You...

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-04-23 04:28

Here's a funny true story I thought I'd share about my first sex dream, but first a little back story.

All my teenage years I thought I was different, ( along with every other pubescent hormonal teenager) or that there was something wrong with me. I have epilepsy that gets really bad during that time of the month because of all the hormones, so from the time I was diagnosed until last year, they had me on birth control pills to help lessen the seizures so I wouldn't be non functioning one week every month.

For all you females (and all their sexually denied partners) who know what that does; you understand Birth control pills kill your sex drive. Growing up for me, I never once got "turned on" or even had any interest what so ever. I'd be at a restaurant with friends and they'd be like "OMG did you see that hot waiter?" and i'd be like "Omg, did you see that cheeseburger he was carrying?!" You get the idea.

When they had to switch pills on me (lovely insurance) the new one gave me terrible migraines so they decided to take me off completely...

Over night it was like every suppressed sexual desire I ever should have had came rushing at me all at once, and I had no idea what it was I was feeling. ( at 22! XD) I was so agitated, restless and just... uncomfortable. When I was reading some fanfics that had some omo scenes in it I felt like bolts of electricity were running through me down there ( still clueless :D) (Also when I discovered I was into Omo)

I literally went to a female friend and was like "What's happening to me!?!" She sat me down with a look in her eyes like O.o "what are you 12!?" *me still as clueless as ever* ...."Your not dying your just horny..." ...awkward silence and blush...

The next day was thanksgiving and all my family was over at our house celebrating. I decided to go lay down for a nap in my parents room because my room was closest to the kitchen and I had a headache and wanted an escape from the noise. I fell asleep and had the most VIVID REALISTIC sex dream I have ever had to this day. I was getting so worked up and the pressure was building and I was almost there....and then my grandma walked in to see how I was doing and woke me up. I was so upset and frustrated! (in more ways than one) and I tried desperately to go back to sleep until I started moving around. I literally thought I had wet the bed there was so much moisture. I thought about what it was I was dreaming about and as soon as my mind finally processed everything; my eyes sprung open. So now I must ask you this...

Have you ever been so horny...you had a wet dream about HUMPING THE LEG OF A TABLE?!

That...was my sex dream... and since it was Thanksgiving. Good thing I didn't have a sleep walking problem too XD ...That could have been an awkward dinner. "Oh hey! You're awake, how are yo- WHAT ARE YOU DOING? Somebody get a squirt bottle!"

So... yeah... :D ... awkward.

*014*2015-04-23 18:12

{{:

I often have sexual dreams about humping against things, pretty much anything that can be humped against. sometimes I have woken up and found myself humping against my pillow, or the bed....or my husband

}}

Lol that's funny! I really meant for this thread to be humorous

*020*2015-04-23 18:25

{{:

But I need him to deny it more, I love it when he's mean to me. Probably because he's so sweet normally, seeing that transition is....

Oooooo *fans self*

}}

I have never experienced that before (considering my subconscious looked to household furniture for relief, obviously I have no experience with anyone IRL) but it sounds pretty hot.

*023*2015-04-23 18:36

{{:

I know your feel :D I've had some experience with a couple of girls but I've only had sex with one man on a few occasions but it was always normal sex.. we never really got the chance to try anything then he turned into a dickhead >>

But yea I really wanna find someone.

}}

I'll try and meet people and it goes great online but then we meet in person and I freak out at physical stuff and can't . I have made out with a guy once but then he stopped and was like "I can't do this, you're too ugly." I know he was just mad cause I wouldn't touch his junk, cause penises just creep me the hell out, but ever since then I can't undress.

