20 Hour Hold

Author: kateverdeen

*000*2014-03-20 11:47

This is going to be short, sorry about my English, Slavic is my first language.

I was wearing elastic pant and a slip on shirt.

I had set the date with The Guru on Monday over skype for Wednesday the 19th the March, I had planned to be desperate when I got home, I hadn't peed since 10PM the previous day, it was around 5PM when I arrived home, I was barely keeping my composure, it was so difficult, especially on the walk home, thankfully it's short.

I arrived home and hit up The Guru on skype, we chatted a bit as my desperation grew. Guru accidentally turned on a tap near the mic and I went a little in my pants from the sound of the water ;) I got a phone call from my parents (I live with them bu they were out of the house) saying that they would be home and we were going somewhere, so in order to speed things up Guru suggested I put on some jeans, which I did, and as soon as I buttoned them up I started dribbling constantly, I ripped them off but couldn't stop the stream, so I started cumming and I lost control when I climaxed.

I held 2L (taking a measurement of my weight justbefore and just after peeing).

*004*2014-03-21 08:15

Thanks Guys, is my English really not that bad???

I should also mention that Guru was really amazing during that hold, unlike guys I've met on other sites, he respects I'm an actual person, and listens to my input as well.

*011*2014-03-27 07:58

I speak a slightly weird mix of Belarusian and Russian.

I've reached nearly 36 hours, I was planning to go for a record during this hold but, parents called.

*014*2014-03-28 07:55

Nearly is 35 hours and 43 minutes, and I couldn't stop peeing which is why the hold finished.

*017*2014-03-29 06:37

For the fist day I was fine, after that I couldn't really do much else, I just sat and watched a movie for a while, Lord of the Rings series.

*022*2014-04-01 07:48

I usually don't have much of a problem with ahem, #2's. I tend to start my holds straight after them and I usually go #2 once every 2-3 days.

