Well this is how it all started

Author: c3r3br0

*000*2013-12-06 21:15

A few weeks back i had some time to kill at my office had just submitted my assignment it was around the 4 pm mark. i had been holding my pee for some hours now and dont like using public washroom. i was searching the net for effects i one holds pee and what are its side effects. As i have a separate room this search side track to me surfing the youtube peeing vids on another tab. During my search on google i found this forum. Before i wasnt aware of Omorashi but seeing women pee would just pass shiver down my spine and was a turn on for me. i had never came across desperation side of this fetish of mine.

As i was in my room i still had to be discreet as the door was still open usually people come in for chat or a discussion. despite that had i indulged myself in these videos and it was literally taking ages to load (damn networking sharing) so was surfing and i can across the thread "might have created a monster" on this forum and began reading the thread and the pics of his GF wetting her clothes (thumbs must read thread BTW) and it got me so excited, searched the forum and came across video and people sharing the desperation while holding events leading to wetting. I still was holding my pee and i was no stranger to peein myself in the shower and enjoyed the warmth of my pee on mt body but had never wetted myself due to desperation and reading thread on this forum and a few live omorashi thread post gave the incentive to hold till i reach home and would then consider wetting myself or using the washroom the conventional way.

Well by the time i left my office nearly around 5.15 pm and i nearly takes me hour to reach home. So after reading these post i said to myself so what if i wont be able to hold i wet myself and it wont matter i would be home when i got out of the car and the fact i was wear a black pant it would be difficult to spot. the only fact that helped me made reach home safely was i had not consumed any liquid for the past 3 hrs. Well i reached home safely and to my surprise i was all alone around 6.30 pm. so i decided to experience my first wetting. From what i had read in the past hour or two in this forum water intake took the desperation to pee over board. so i took out 1.5 liter cold water bottle from the fridge and started consuming. the tension of driving had subdued the need to pee.

In the next 15 min since reaching home i had consumed 1.5 liter. and from what i remember it only took another 10 minutes for the urge to pee arise again but this time with vengeance. i had locked my room and i was changing my clothes and just taken my pants off that i felt that i would be pee myself there but squeezing my crotch helped and did a few jumpin jacks as seen i a few video where girl fidgeting and jumpin around help them to avert the insatiable need to pee. so i was able to hold for a further few minutes. well by now i had convinced myself i would wet my undies to start off.

As i was changing from work shirt to a t shirt. during this time i was strolling up down with small step pacing myself before another wave hit but i wasnt able to control my bladder any more and by the time i was able to grab my crotch i had leaked enough make a big dark patch on my grey undies. as i wasn't sure whether i would be able to hold any longer once i let let go of my crotch. so i rushed to the attach wash room and on reaching i set myself free as these undies were a size or two small for me so the crotch area was tightly packed, as i began my journey to relief from desperation, the pee started to gush out after completely soaking the the bottom half of the undies began to pour out from the side and ran down my legs and the warm pee over my cold legs was hair raising moment for me followed by goose bumps. i stood there fort he next 20 to 25 sec with the pee running down completed soaking my legs on the inside and a puddle around my feet by the time i finished peeing.

Well it was an amazing experience(hope u guys enjoy the read), and since then i have i recorded myself wettin my undies a couple of times and a wetting casual trouser over the past 2 weeks. i had literally wetted myself 5 times over the next 4 days after first wetting experience. i had to stop as i think i had reached a point when it was becoming increasing hard to hold for any period of time and had to relief my self everytime i felt an urge to give bladder a break or would or could have resulted in wettin myself in public (Awkward) ;-p.

*001*2013-12-11 06:11

Well while sifting through my subsequent wetting vids found pic of my first wet undies.

