One of my sightings (female)

Author: schubert.will

*000*2015-04-04 21:16

Okay so here was one of my most interesting experiences. Dialogue isn't exact but it's close enough to the situation. It was close to two years ago. Anyway four of us were crammed into a little truck on our way to Boise from Seattle. About 3 hours into the drive, the driver (let's call her Ari) said she really had to go to the bathroom. She is a thin, attractive young woman 27 years old (25 at the time) wears glasses and was wearing a blue tanktop that would ride up when she bent over (exposing her panty line) and black cargo pants. We saw a sign for a rest stop so she was really glad about that. Anyway we pulled in and there was not a soul around, so she was glad about that too, until she went up to both bathrooms and found them locked.

One of the girls was like "just go behind the building" and she said "no I'll just hold it for the next one." So we got back in. We started driving and I forgot to mention the sign that said "Next rest stop 70 miles" or something like that. It was around 70. Anyway about a half hour later, we were in the middle of nowhere it was desert land in eastern washington on a busy highway so there was no stopping. Ari was squirming in the driver seat and would occasionally let out a curse word under her breath. I was in the passenger seat and I asked her if she wanted me to drive. She grunted out a no. So about ten minutes or so from the rest stop she was so desperate that she started swerving a little and changing her speed inconsistently.

She said "I really don't think I'm gonna make it guys." My other friend (lets call her Kim) said "you'll be fine." Then a stater pulled behind us and pulled us over. Ari yelled "F*ck my life. I don't have insurance! And did I mention I'm gonna p*ss myself!" The stater took a long time, but was very polite whne he came up to us, and only gave her a warning about her lack of insurance (which she now has) and asked her why she was swerving. She told him the truth and said "I'm sorry sir. It's because I'm literally about to wet my pants." The officer chuckled and said, "Well then I won't keep you too long. Next rest stop is about ten miles up the road." He then nodded and said "Drive safe ma'am." and let us go. So we pulled back onto the highway and started drivng. We made it to the rest stop and Ari parked, sighed and shouted "F*CK!" and leaned her head against the window staring outside.

Kim asked, "you okay?" Ari said "No I'm not! I f*cking p*ssing myself right now and I can't stop." I look down at her seat area and saw a dark patch between her thighs and a growing wet spot on the seat between her legs. She sighed and closed her eyes and sat there for a second. "Well I'm done. Anyone else need to go?" she said, very angrily. Kim (who was behind her said) "I do." Ari was annoyed by this, since she had to get out and lift the sat so Kim could get out. "So I have to get out like this? Fine." She got out and I saw a very large wet spot on her seat and a large wet spot from the seat of her pants down to just above the knees. Her inner thighs were wet, and the wetness was kind of spread toward the top. She looked at me and said "Will, can you go to my bag and get me some pants and underwear? I'm going to go clean up and change."

I said "Okay and got out." I grabbed her clothes (A pair of baggy blue jeans and the pair of underwear I grabbed was white with a purple waste line, for anyone interested in that) and grabbed some carpet cleaner she had in there too (She carried this around because of a similar incident a few months earlier but that's another story). I said "You might want this." She said "Yeah probably." This next part stuck with me for some reason. She dropped the carpet cleaner and bent down to pick it up, and i saw the top of her underwear. It was light blue (not a thong just regular women's briefs) and had a yellow waste line. She picked it up and stood there for a moment looking at her uring soaked seat and clothes. 

She grabbed the clothes from me and handed me the carpet cleaner and said "I really have to change. Can you clean this?" I said sure and she kind of fast walked to the bathroom. I noticed a lot of people giving her strange looks and I heard her tell someone, "I spilled my water on myself." A few minutes later she came out with her new pants on and had the urine soaked clothes in her hand, and i saw the wetness on the light blue underwear. So we drove to boise, came back to Seattle a couple of days later without further incident.

