In church

Author: Franny

*000*2013-05-21 05:04

As I have written elsewhere, I have been semi-incontinent for a good portion of my life, and that includes many years of bedwetting and not a few daytime accidents. Many years ago, my Mom learned that on certain occasions there was a fairly high chance of me peeing my pants at some event during the day. An example was at church, where I sang in the boy choir that was featured at our church once a month, on the last Sunday of the month. I sang soprano solo. She and I learned that when I was singing my little heart out there was a chance I might pee myself, since it would always have been at least an hour and a half since I had had a chance to go to the bathroom, and also because of the inherent stress of singing a solo in front of people.

So – we both agreed that I should wear pullups on those Sundays when I was singing a solo. She even supervised my putting them on, even at age 12 and 13. It didn't embarrass me. She made sure I wore night time diapers up to that age also, and sometimes even put them on me. (And yes, I am kind of a Mama's boy, even today.)

I never had a major accident during those Sundays, but there were several times when my bladder was nearly full and I would spurt some pee two or three times during the anthem. Nothing showed, of course, because the special pants absorbed it. Even if I'd not had them it probably wouldn't have showed, since they weren't major floods, and plus I wore choir robes over my pants.

However, there came a different day some years later. I was, I think, 19 and in college. I went back to my old church for Easter. The night before Easter, the church itself sponsored a party for young people who were church members, and there was beer and spiked punch. it was an Episcopal church. Drinking (and dancing, and other stuff too) is not discouraged there. It was right in the Parish house, across the street from the church.

I didn't drink so much that I was out of control, but the party did go on all night long. Near dawn a bunch of us went out to a place to get a bite of breakfast, then we went back to the church to attend Sunrise services.

You'd think I would have learned to go to the bathroom more often. During the service I was in agony with the need to go. I didn't feel comfortable about getting up and walking out and finding a bathroom, though I should have done that. Simply put, at about the time they took up the offering I started wetting myself, and I couldn't really stop. At first it was just a little bit, then it was more and then some more. By the time I was under control I guess I had leaked between half a pint and a pint of urine. That is enough to show big time on the front of ones' light blue cotton pants, and to leave a large wet place on the padded pew we sat in.

Finally, too late, I got up and ran down the aisle to go over to the parish house and the bathroom. But I knew that probably I had left wet evidence behind, and that Tim and Janey and the others who were with me became aware of my incontinence. They were so nice; none of them said a word about it afterwards in the car on the way home.

