The soaking of purple panties

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-09-21 03:03

9-19-15

Nothing starts a day like a good late morning pee.

You see, I woke up feeling a little under the weather. Good think I always wake up bursting for the toilet because In order to lighten my spirits I wanted to have a good old fashion pants wetting. Sadly, I still live with my mom and she would definitely find out that I peed my pants. But Panetto, I bet you’re saying, do your own laundry. I have a schedule, for laundry and it wasn’t laundry day. Darn.

However, I compromised with myself, just to wet a pair of boxer panties, clean them, and hide them until they are dry. Panties, do dry than pants.

Since I was having a bit of fun, I may as well have a shower.

Lemme wait a few minutes. I did other things in the meantime to make for sure I was urgently in need to void my bladder. I sat on my bed, crossing and uncrossing my legs, bouncing up and down.

Damn, why do I torture myself again?

I don’t know what caused it, but as I held myself my body reacted to the urgency, I guess I may as well have some “adult fun” as well. I rubbed my legs together.

Five more minutes.

Damn, why am I so horny, it’s just pee?

I can’t do it. I need to relieve myself now.

I brought clean clothes into the bathroom, and my favorite dildo for good measure. I turned on the shower, locked the door and stepped in, having the water very hot. No one can bother me in my zen space.

I began by propping my foot up on the outer rim of the tub and lightly teasing my sex while I still had my purple panties one, a few drop uncontrollably leaked out.

Nooo, not yet, I’m not ready, I shoved my hand down to my crotch, a moan light moan escaped.

Easy, Panetto.

I toyed with myself a bit more, My insides must have been so full from the dildo and all the urine stored up, I couldn’t control the liquid dripping down my leg.

I shove my hand back down, wincing like a two year old. The stream stopped.

Thank God.

More sexual play occurred, rythmatically pushing the pink dildo in and out. With each time I pumped in in and out pee squirted out in small spurts.

Damn, how full was I?

Then, “Fwoom”, my bladder violently contracted and squirted the remaining contents. It hosed down my legs, pooling into the bath tub, clean water and urine mingled together beautifully then swirled down the drain pipe.

I found myself sitting down, my eyes fluttering.

It was a little uncomfortable sitting the way I was, so I opened the shower door and let my one leg hang out of the side and the other lay spread. Sitting perpendicular in the bathtub.

I guess I should have a bit more fun.

I’m not going to go into too much detail on masturbating because that’s not what we’re here for ;]

As I felt myself approach climax more urine trickled, then rocketed hitting the wall of the tub. Maybe I ejaculated, since I thought I was done, but you can never be too sure.

I must’ve came for a solid 30 seconds, in record time in a place other than my bed. I guess peeing sent my libido into overdrive. I wobbled up, my legs still limp, I shut off the shower.

I guess I should start my day, I should do this more often.

