Daylight Outdoor Pee: Success!

Author: KimbaStarshine

*000*2014-08-12 15:39

I'm back to chronicle another adventure in naughty outdoor peeing

Both my parents are out of the house today, and will be for awhile tomorrow too, so I decided to once again attempt to relieve my bladder outside during the day. I tried a few days ago but was unable to relax enough to produce more than a couple drops. After getting out of bed however, I first had to stop in the bathroom to remove my wet diaper.

I returned to the area in my backyard overgrown with weeds and bordering a wooded hillside. I walked around a bit to decide if I was going to sit and pee off the side of a stump, like I tried to before, or squat. I chose sitting and pulled down my garments. I decided not to worry too much about getting pee on them, because leftover rainwater was falling from the brush unto me anyway, so I'd just change once I was back inside.

I sat on the stump, watching the back door of one of the neighboring houses which I could partially see through the weeds. But once again, my bladder froze. So I decided to move a few feet away and try squatting instead. While I don't find squatting to be a very comfortable position, my bladder found it agreeable, and it wasn't long before my urine was dampening the earth. I must complain, however, that because the ground consisted of wet leaves it was impossible to see a puddle form.

I tried wiping with leaves, which didn't work that great, and returned inside to change. Since I have the house to myself, there's a chance the leaves are going to get watered again!

*004*2014-08-13 21:02

I returned to the brush this morning and had my first pee of the day with no problems - not to mention one I had last night after dark but in a different place I can only use at night Later I walked over to one of my neighbors to return a bowl, but that was only an excuse to get a better look at what they can see from their property, to make sure my new piddling spot is private. Seems private except if my next-door neighbors go to the farthest part of their backyard, which they rarely do anyway. I'm just really paranoid about being seen and prefer to go when no one's out. Too bad in a couple months all the leaves will be dead and I'll have to stop. I really need to live somewhere more remote so I can indulge more easily!

