This REALLY Just Happened...

Author: TokyoPanda

*000*2015-05-04 22:13

I can't believe this really just happened. I know a LOT of people on here fake stories, but this is completely true. I have looked forward to this day for years, and it finally happened.

I'm a junior in High School, and I walked into my 6th period class and saw this girl named Whitney asking the teacher to go for a restroom break. Mrs. Ellis denied her request, and my mind instantly started fantasizing. Whitney is not thin, but not thick either. She has a lot of curve to her body, and I think she's pretty hot. However, most of the time, Whitney just asked to go so she could chat with her friends in the hall. Anyways, about 15 minutes later, she was squirming a little, and kept whispering and giggling with her friend. I couldn't understand what they were saying, but it was something about the teacher being a bitch.

It had been about 30 minutes since she had asked now, and Whitney was really squirming now. I just kept thinking about what could happen, but doubted it anyway. She was breathing heavy now, and bouncing around from time to time. About 30 minutes before the end of class, she was mumbling to herself, and making little squeaking noises. I figured Mrs. Ellis would let her go now, but I was wrong. And I have never felt so good about being wrong. It's 15 minutes until the end of class now, and she was raising her hand. All my hope left me instantly. Then, for some reason, Whitney just quit trying. She was closing her eyes now, too.

As I was closing my notebook about 3 minutes until the end of class, I hear something that brings a wave of excitement over me. Whitney was crying, her hand shoved into her crotch, and she started peeing. She was slowly letting everything seep out, and then she let it flow. She kept crying the entire time, until her entire chair was flooded, and her pee was all over the floor. She got up, and left, covered in wet stained jeans right as the bell rang. I made sure to be the last one out of class, to commit this moment to memory. I offered to clean up the mess, and was luckily not turned down.

I hope you enjoyed my very first post, and please tell me how I can improve my next article.

Thanks,

~Tokyo Panda~

*003*2015-05-07 21:33

{{ 

Wow, you're one lucky girl. Wish I could witness something like that. Although I'd probably have trouble hiding my arousement, so maybe it's for the best that I don't..

}}

Haha, that's one drawback of being a guy ;)

*007*2015-05-08 20:14

{{ 

I would have thought being a woman it would be quite easy when the opportunity arises to ask her about the incident,

}}

I don't know her that well, but I asked if she was OK, and she said she was fine. She left school a couple minutes after the accident.

