Did I Make A Mistake?

Author: Suki

*000*2013-05-12 07:49

Hi...this is my first post here, so I am really, really nervous. I need to ask, did I make a mistake on my actions?

Yesterday, I was relaxing at home, enjoying some peaceful time. I have a habit of drinking a lot for some reason, so I had many small cups of hot tea. Around thirty minutes afterwards my bladder sent me the signal to use the restroom. There was a problem though, there was still half a large kettle of tea left, and I wasn't going to waste it. I started drinking the tea, because I didn't hold it that long, it didn't bother me that I was ingesting it. Another jolt from my bladder alerted me as I kept drinking. My arms and legs shook. My miniskirt was bouncing slightly at my thighs at my attempts to ignore my bladder. I could tell that my bladder was bulging, but I kept downing drinks. Many signals later, I could really feel my bladder being full. My right hand was on my last cup of tea, and my left was jammed between my quivering, crossed legs.

I slowly and painfully downed the tea. Only small moans and shaking breaths escaped my mouth as I rinsed out the kettle and cups. I heard my phone ring, but it was in the other room. As I stumbled with my hands between my legs, my bladder was not happy with the movement. I snapped the cell open and said in a soft, shaking voice, 'H-hello?"

I heard a feminine voice on the other end. "Oh, hi!" It was my closest friend, I could feel a smile spread across my face, but my bladder wasn't as happy as I was. I didn't notice, but I was bouncing up and down, shifting positions.

I asked him a question. "W-why did you c-call?" I was so desperate, my voice was shaking even worse than before. My hand was jammed deeper between my legs, barely relieving any of the pressure.

He had a happy tone in his voice. "I am coming home early today, I should be there soon" My blood immediately ran cold, but also warm at the same time. I loved him so much that I would do literally anything to be with him, but at the same time, I was way too desperate to think correctly.

My smile quivered as much as my whole body. "O-okay, I'll w-wait for you here!" The cheerfulness in my tone made him chuckle. I knew that because he has been able to read emotions through the slightest voice change, he could probably tell that I was either desperate, or was making a large decision. We both hung up, and I immediately put the phone down, and shoved my other hand under my skirt. My breathing was so heavy, it was like I just ran a marathon. Minutes later, I knew that I was well over my limit. I slowly got up to go to the bathroom, but I heard his footsteps outside the door.

I almost got to the door, but he walked inside the house. "Hey, how was your day?" Immediately, my mind stopped focusing on holding it, but instead on hugging him like I always do. I ran towards him and pinned him to the ground. I was caressing him, until I heard a noise and felt liquid. I was wetting myself, and not just wetting myself, but it was on top of him. The forceful stream came out for some time, but eventually died down. He slowly sat up and put one arm around my back, and one on my head. He was hugging me as I broke into tears, crying. His feminine voice was soft as he said, "It's fine, don't worry about it."

I kept crying for a few minutes, but I stopped after a while. I looked up, and he still had that caring smile on his face that he usually does. I quickly got off of him, showered and changed. When I got out, he had already done the same. He asked me a question that made me chuckle a little, despite all the crying I did earlier. "So, what do you want to do?"

I honestly keep picturing that day, but I wonder, how did he feel about what I did? Was he angry? Happy? I will never know.

*002*2013-05-12 08:45

{{ 

I loved the story hun, thank you for sharing it with us :)

As for whether he liked it of not, how did he react in the days after that? Was it negatively or positvely, and had he mentioned it since then? I'm pretty sure he was okay with it hun :) x

}}

Thank you. He hasn't reacted about it other than what I have posted; it just makes me worry.

*004*2013-05-12 09:06

{{ 

Welcome to Omorashi board Suki. I thoroughly enjoyed your first hot story here. Since by your comments, it appears you are no longer together, the only way to know how he felt is by his actions in the time that followed. If he is indeed in the past and you can’t figure it out, just let it go.

I know if I was greeted by my girlfriend by her jumping on me and peeing all over me I would be in heaven! There would be no doubt about how I felt, as I would not be able to control myself. The bulge in my soon to be removed pants would be very noticeable. This is actually an top unfulfilled fantasy of mine.

}}

Well, our relationship has not been lessened, nor strengthened, so I believe that he just ignored it and just kept on going with his life. For the second part, I honestly don't know what to say, but I am sure the person you are with would enjoy wetting themselves so you can have everything you desire.

*008*2013-05-13 18:33

I apologize for being late, but my schedule is haphazard. I recently told him about what happened and why I did what I did; he was not at all disgusted, but he hugged my tight, saying "Don't worry about it, it's completely fine." After talking for some time, I realized that he honestly didn't mind at all, and the fact that I finally told him about how it turned me on made him happy. If he is happy, then I am as well. We spent the rest of the day talking and joking about what happened.

