Music lessons

Author: jayjay5

*000*2013-12-13 17:58

I had a fair few accidents as a child. Not because I was unable to hold on but because I hated making the time to get up and go and would wait just that little bit too long to go. I also hated asking to go, so it certainly wasn't an incentive at school.

I didn't get any real pleasure out of wetting / desperation at the time but by the time I was about 8-9 I felt excited by other people's desperation.

I remember one particular day we went down to a different classroom. If my memory serves me correctly, we were doing some sort of group work in a lesson taken by our music teacher. These lessons were always taken on the other side of the school by a specialist teacher. It was great fun but it caused some interesting toileting situations over the years.

In our school we had specific toilets for different year groups. It was ingrained in us that we were only allowed to use our year group's toilets unless they were locked. As I said previously, our music room was on the other side of the school to our classroom meaning it was a great distance from our toilets.

When I was stood in the line to go down to the music room I started to realise that I needed to go to the toilet. Not wanting to ask, I tried to hold on. About 15 minutes into the lesson I was rocking backwards and forwards on the floor holding onto my penis through my trousers. At this point I looked over at another boy in my group (lets call him Marcus) who I was working with who appeared to be doing a similar thing. I wanted to see what would happen by staying in the classroom but I quickly realised that I would end up in a puddle if I didn't do something about my own situation. I asked the teacher and headed off to the toilet.

I headed up the corridor quickly to our toilets. I got there and tried the door. It was locked (as it seemed to often be when I was there! I think we had a problem with people blocking the toilets). I was incredibly happy that I had decided to ask when I did rather than wait. I rushed up towards the younger class toilets and got to the urinal just in time, only losing a couple of drops in my underwear.

As I left the toilet and walked back towards music, I passed the locked toilets and stopped as I saw Marcus coming around the corner. It looked to me like he was trying to run with his knees jammed together, his butt sticking out and one hand jammed between his legs, pulling at his penis. I felt a wave of excitement as I watched him. As he got closer to me, I recognised the pained expression and heard a whimper leave his lips. He rounded the corner to enter the locked toilets. Without thinking, I followed him. He reached the door and pushed hard. As expected, nothing happened. His whimpering grew louder as he squirmed on the spot, pushing harder and harder on the door.

At this moment, I found my voice and told him that he had to go to the younger year toilets. He began to run. As he did so I heard a splattering on the floor. I couldn't quite believe it! He was wetting himself! I followed behind him. I found him (eventually) standing in a cubicle. I think he had got there just as he finished going in his trousers.

I can only imagine what happened in the classroom while I was gone, but I know our teacher had a "one in one out policy" whereby, normally I would have had to return before he could leave. I have no idea what happened in the classroom but he must have been very visibly desperate before he even left the classroom for that teacher to allow him to go.

I felt bad for him as I recall he was quite distressed when he needed the toilet and when he had wet himself, but there was a little part of me that was really excited when I watched him. So much so that it has stuck with me to this day!

