Wet During the Graduation Ceremony

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-08-05 07:19

I'm sure I'm not the first person to have an accident during this event. It's long and tedious and just asks for disaster.

There I was, sitting in the rows with my graduating class. My name falls in the very beginning of the alphabet, so my part was over with pretty quickly and all I had to do was sit back and watch the rest of the 500 students walk across the stage. Around the time we reached the Ks, I was feeling pretty desperate. I wiggled and tried not to panic. I held myself shamelessly and did whatever I could, but it only took a few minutes to start spurting. I pulled up the back of the gown, just in case, but still tried to contain the desperation. My principal had sternly lectured my class about interruptions during the ceremony and we were threatened with not being allowed to walk or not receiving our diploma. I had already walked and I knew he couldn't hold my diploma hostage, but I was still a little scared and didn't want to call attention to myself.

Slowly more and more urine soaked my pretty new dress, which was silver satin with loose sequins, strapless and knee-length. I wore just the dress, no panties or tights or anything. I was letting out a restrained yet steady stream. After a few minutes of this tiny trickle, there was a definite puddle on my plastic folding chair and it began to drip onto the hardwood floor of the arena. The noise it made drew stares from those around me. Eventually I just released the rest of my pee in a torrent, getting it over with. My bladder and urethra were fatigued and sore from holding it in so desperately, and the damage was done. I then hung my head in shame, brought my knees to my chest, and let tears silently roll down my cheeks.

I was horrified at the time. This is the event that is supposed to make me an adult, but I had just soaked myself like a preschooler. I went to go meet my family after the end of the ceremony. I had pulled up my gown so I don't think there was a wet spot showing. My mom asked if I had been crying. I said that I was simply feeling emotional about leaving school; a lot of students and parents were crying, including my own mother. As embarrassed as I was, no one who mattered has witnessed the accident. The few students who noticed? I never saw them again. I don't even remember their names or faces. I assume my family never found out, as nothing was ever said. In the end, it wasn't so bad. I can look back on it being a little thrilling, even.

*013*2015-08-15 05:24

{{:

Knowing it would take long, did you pee just before the ceremony?

}}

I didn't have time! I was running late as it was and almost missed the grand entrance.

{{:

Good story galaxyfruit! I'm sorry it happened and happy you told us, haha.

I think bridal diapers are wishful thinking. I'm sure it's happened but I very much doubt it's "many brides."

}}

I'd imagine some brides might wear diapers? I don't know. Apparently it's somewhat common in Catholicism when girls take their first communion. Girls are supposedly forced sometimes to wear cloth diapers and plastic pants as a sign of youth and innocence; the point is to prevent her from giving in to sexual temptation.

{{:

Interesting story, sorry that it happened. Out of curiosity, are you male or female biologically?

}}

I have a vagina, if that answers your question.

*018*2015-08-17 16:38

{{:

Having finally understood which kind of "gown" you typically wear at Graduation Ceremonies in the English-speaking world, I can´t stop imagining the whole incident would have happened here in Central Europe - we have no special gowns for students, never! Students only wear their "normal" elegant clothing. In that case you would have had no other choice than to hold it till the end of the Ceremony. A very nice idea indeed for a desperation lover like me!

}}

Well, I'm not sure the spot showed so much on my dress. As described in the story, it was silver satin with loose sequins. Here, I found a picture of one very similar, except mine was strapless.

*020*2015-08-18 19:48

{{:

Oh, I see! I guess it would have been especially the sequin surface that actually must have hidden most of the wetness on your dress! So this damage must have been really limited - and with your gown over the dress, nothing to be noticed!

Anyway, I think there must have been a huge (!) pee puddle on the floor around your seat...? Where there any reactions from people sitting around you? I guess the puddle must have spread over to them...?

So, altogether, a very brazen action of yours! ;-)

}}

They just stared, more or less in disbelief. It was pretty discreet, I guess; I'm pretty sure only the people directly next to me noticed. The pee mostly pooled in the plastic chair and dribbled onto the floor. The two guys next to me just moved their feet.

*022*2015-08-23 21:16

{{:

So all in all, it seems as if you were quite lucky to get along with it rather unnoticed! Very well done! ;-)

However, I actually admire your courage to do it in such a very public setting!!

}}

Thanks, but it wasn't so much courage as... Desperation! I needed to go so, so badly and I just couldn't hold it. I didn't have a choice.

*024*2015-08-24 08:04

{{:

Oh, I am sorry - quite obviously I misunderstood this important point in your story... Of course I got it that you were extremly desperate, but I thought that you didn´t

Really "lose it" but that you actually "decided" to let go, when I read that you started to let out small streams/leaks, I believed this to be your "decision"...

}}

After most of it had come out already, yes, I let go. It was only a little bit more.

