Broken Mirror Case

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-07-11 03:32

I was at a friend Dandy's house, we chatted until we both heard a knock on the door. Dandy was wearing a cute skirt with a white tank top while I wore jean shorts with a salmon shirt with white stripes going diagonally. She opened the door and I saw our friend from a year ago, back in college, Victor. "Victor!" We both gasped. I hugged him and then Dandy held him so tight he had to command her to stop. "Sorry! Just so excited," Dandy blushed. Back then, Dandy sort of had a 'thing' for him. I don't blame her, he is a blue eyed dreamer. He is a hazel, blue eyed hunk. He is hot, but not my type.

Dandy invited him to the table. He sat down and helped himself to some beer. "So how'd you find out where I lived?" Dandy asked as she refilled her cup about six times already. "Oh, Delilah told me," he winked at her. "Oh, Delilah! I see her sometimes at the mall!" Dandy's mind stroke. "So, Victor," I put my glass on the table. "How've you been?" "Pretty good, thanks. I'm a tourist, so let's say I travel a lot," he tapped his suit case which he left under the table. "Oh! Are you going to a hotel?" Dandy asked. "I'm registered for one, I need to get there in about an hour to pay for my visit," he looked at his fancy golden watch. "You can crash here, if that is fine with you," Dandy got closer to him. I started to feel a bit invisible, but I didn't fight it.

"That'd be great, can I?" He swallowed his excitement. "Oh of course!" Dandy blushed. "Thanks, just give me a moment to cancel on the hotel," he got out his phone and a card and went to another side of the room. "How long is he staying?" I asked her. "I don't know," she started to get curious. "I never knew he was a tourist, that's great! At least he has a living, I work at an office," I bit my own tongue. It was so stupid to mention it, mostly because it was so lame compared to what he does. He gets to travel around the world. "Let's invite him to walk outside with us," she tapped me. "Sure," I smiled and grabbed my coat.

Suddenly, we heard Victor finished his conversation. "Were you able to cancel it?" I asked zipping my jacket. "Yeah," he sat back down. We heard footsteps. "Wait, do you hear that?" I silenced Victor, who was about to say something. "I thought those were your footsteps," all our eyes widened. CRASH! Victor and Dandy quickly put on their coats and ran to the balcony along with me. "Burr, not used to this cold weather," Victor shivered. "You get used to it," I winked at him.

"Guys look!" Dandy pointed to the mirror on her balcony wall. We all gasped, "Who would do this?" I asked, practically freaking out. "Call the police," Dandy commanded. I quickly ran in and called the police to report a mysterious break-in. I suddenly walked back in, "They say they'd be here soon." I put the phone back to charge. "How much is soon?" Dandy sounded desperate- not about the mirror, though. Her legs were tightly crossed.

"I don't know, I'll be right back," I told her. I went straight to her bathroom. It was clogged. It started to seem those six beers were getting on to her. She practically drank three beer bottles while I had one cup. I came back and saw her with her legs crossed and she was biting her lip. "Are you okay?" I asked her. "I really, really need to wee. The toilet is clogged so I haven't peed the whole day. I nodded, Victor was looking around the balcony. We heard a knock on the door, "I got it," I told her. I opened the door and it was the police.

"Hello, police," Dandy had her hands near her crotch. "We heard a break in occurred here," the police told us. "Yes, we were in the kitchen...ahh...sorry, chatting and saw this mirror broken," Dandy attempted to explain as normal as possible. Quickly, after, she bent down holding onto her crotch. "Sorry lads, I have to tour people in 15 minutes, I have to go," Victor whispered to Dandy, she nodded back ANd waved. Alright, we need to investigate your house, just stay somewhere out of our way please," the guy tried to sound polite. We went back to the kitchen. I started to feel the urge to use the bathroom myself.

We both crossed our legs, "You too?" She whispered, I nodded. Dandy stood up and Rubbed her thighs and held her crotch. "Ahh," she whimpered. I just sat there legs crossed. Dandy sat back down, crossed her legs and bent forward. "I really need to wee, I feel some trying to escape," she told me concerned. I didn't answer. Although I truly love seeing wetting, she is one of my best friends. I don't know how to tell her to just wet herself. I was going to suggest peeing in the shower, but, honestly, I really wanted to see her pee her pants. So I let it go along. "No, no," she held her crotch tight. Managed to keep it all in, but still desperate. She started to flap her legs left to right and press her thighs. Soon, I started to lean forward. The urge got more and more intense. I needed a toilet badly, of course, not as much as her.

Soon, her legs didn't close. She kept them wide open. All she did a was feel her crotch, soon she grabbed it and crushed it. A small spurt came out, which she freaked and decided to close her legs this time. She put her hands between her thighs and brought the two hands lower each second. Dandy bobbed up and down. I started to see her red skirt become darker. I was so interested, I hadn't realized I spurt myself. I held my hands between my crotch, now that one is desperate it doesn't feel so embarrassing. 

Both her hands were clamped together as she tried hard to hold it all in. Dandy must've been getting the chills because her body twitch at the moment. I saw her leak a bit, then the man came. "We'll be back in an hour, we are going to work with some clues," he said. "Alright, thank you sir," she nodded. He closed the door behind him, "Finally," she sighed in relief as she let out the flowing gush of yellow pee escaped out of her wet pussy. I was so astonished. I, in fact preferred to use a toilet, clogged or not. So, I went to he toilet and flushed it- it wasn't clogged. All she had to do was flush it. I was in need of a giant laugh. However, I swallowed it and sat down letting a gush of yellow piss escape me. I cleaned myself, flushed it and washed my hands leaving more relieved as ever.

The rest of this is history made...

