My first real accident

Author: Flower

*000*2014-02-22 05:23

I have a very strong bladder and I hardly ever seem to get desperate so this was very strange for me. This happened last night.

I went to the toilet during my lunch break at work, so about one o clock and I finished work at 4.30. I always have my water bottle with me and I finished it during the afternoon. I normally don't need to go to the toilet on finishing work so I went straight to my parents house. I kinda felt like I needed to go but was still very comfortable.

While I was at my parents house I had another glass of water. My boyfriend was cooking dinner for us so I headed to te grocery shop bout 5.30 to get the ingredients and while I left I bought a 600ml bottle of power aid because I felt a bit dehydrated. I left the shop to go to the bfs house and drank the whole bottle in the car on the way. I got to his place about 6 so I hadn't peed in about 5 hours so I felt like I needed to go but it wasn't urgent.

We watched tv for about an hour and we ate around 7. He handed me a 600ml bottle of water with dinner and I drank half with dinner. By now my bladder was pretty full but as I said, I have a bladder of steel so I didn't bother going at his place. We them went to have ice cream and I had a thick shake. When we went back to his place I drank the rest of my water from dinner. I left his place about 9.30 so it's now about 8 hours since I peed and I was intending to pee as soon as I got home.

I drove home and got out of the car when desperation really hit. I had my egs crossed as I locked the car and went up the stairs doing a pee pee dance as I unlocked the door. I kicked off my shoes as i went in. I made it to the kitchen and turned on the light when it happened. The toilet it just off the kitchen too.

I froze and I knew I wouldn't make it. My legs were crossed and my thighs pressed really hard together. I could tell as soon as I moved I would pee. I felt te first spurt come out into my panties. Then the next came and because of the pressure it spurted backwards and ran down the back of my legs. That's when I lost all control, my whole bladder of pee ran down my legs, soaking my jeans and socks onto the kitchen floor. I didn't bother trying to stop the flow and it went on for ages but it felt really good.

When I was done I just took off my jeans and socks while standing in my puddle and used them to mop up the pee. I put them and my soaking wet blue panties into the wash basket and jumped in the shower to clean off.

I've never had an accident before and I'm not all that in to wetting myself but it was an enjoyable experience haha :)

*006*2014-02-28 07:59

Thanks for the lovely feedback :)

