The First Summer

Author: TowelsInTheCar

*000*2014-06-29 21:49

Growing up I had always had a fascination with wetting and holding, in fact I was totally enamored with it and for some reason or another it never crossed by mind that I could wet myself. Being young at the time of my discovery I wasn't sure what to do with the warm feeling in my gut, and I'm sure I don't need to tell anyone this but man did I enjoy it.

So naturally nature happened and with it both puberty, and summer. In one single instant it seemed my curiosity in omorashi suddenly exploded. Luckily for me both my parents worked out of town, and my younger brother was away at summer camp during the day. This left me with the better part of the morning and afternoon (from seven to about five) alone to do as I pleased, when I wasn't in my summer school class that is. As a fourteen year old boy this was one of the best things that could've ever happened for me.

A month earlier I had just discovered the joys of youtube and wetting videos, and personal pleasure and as it happened videos just weren't enough for me. I just didn't need more, I wanted to experience the feeling of a good old fashion wetting myself. I wanted to understand why these videos were so fantastic. I knew I enjoyed it, but I wanted to know why. I wanted to lose control like everyone in all the stories I had read, and not just a little but completely and totally lose it.

So one day it suddenly occurred to me. I was home alone, I could do almost anything I wanted to, and my parents would never be the wiser. I decided I needed to wet myself. It was Monday night when this epiphany struck me, and on Tuesday morning I decided I was going to do it. So upon waking up I made the choice to skip my morning bathroom run and see what would happen. I put on swim trunks (my parents were doing my laundry so I figured after wetting myself I could run outside and either hose myself down or jump into the pool for a quick cover story), and took a good old fashion swig of water.

At first nothing really caught my attention. It wasn't the dull throb or pang of a full bladder I had read about but it was definitely full. I grabbed a bunch of towels (I decided I would also hose them down later) for when the moment would happen (the pains of having an almost fully carpeted house), and took a seat on my bed. I turned on the tv, took some more sips of water and waited. Twenty minutes went by when I realized I was moving my feet and legs about. It was such a subconscious action it had almost completely passed me by. I stopped, and for a moment tried to stay still.

At once to my greatest delight I felt it in my bladder. I was full. I returned to moving about and realized that whatever I had been watching had distracted me from my rising desperation. Now with the feeling of bursting bladder in my mind, I couldn't ignore it or turn away. It was there, and man was it everything I ever envisioned it to be. At once the television had stopped being the focus of my attention, and instead I found myself in love with my body, and everything I could feel with it.

The spastic leg twitch, the roundness of my distended bladder, the beating of my heart, it was almost too much. But I was determined to make it last. No one understands their body than themselves, and for me I sought to make myself more desperate. I headed for the bathroom, sat on the toilet, and bounced around knowing I could relieve myself and chose not to.

I bounced my legs, twisted them, bit my lips, crossed my arms, every little trick I tried but to no avail. My body wanted relief and I wasn't going to give it. I leaned back, and despite the pain I began to poke and prod my bladder. I had never seen it like this, and feeling my fingers glide my skin teasing me, the threat of losing it when I gave myself a nice deep poke, it so amazing. Before I knew it I was on the verge of losing it. I felt a small spurt escape, and knew that it was going to be mere moments before it was over. The wetness against my leg, and the feeling of urine rushing through my member had robbed me of all common sense- I was in a sate of pure enjoyment.

I jumped up, and darted out of the bathroom. I don't know why but all of a sudden I wanted my first experience of total loss to be on the carpet, not on the cold harsh tile of the bathroom. Something about the sound of water against cloth had always been an enjoyment of mine, and I was going to make it a reality.

I made right into my room, and with a moan felt myself lose control. I was peeing, in my swim trunks, in my room. And it was everything I wanted and more. It rushed against my trunks, and down my legs with a sharp hiss. Then I realized my relief wasn't nearly as fast as I needed it to be, and then it clicked. I being cut off by the crotch of my trunks. I fell to my knees to give my member some more space, and felt the piss rush forward even faster. It fell against my butt and across my thighs, over my feet and legs. It soaked into the carpet, and when I was done I sat there in my soaking wet mess and took care of another 'problem' that needed my immediate attention.

Of course clean up was a bit much. But thanks to some serious thinking and the internet I managed to clean the carpet without so much as the slightest tinge of urine in the air. There was a slight lightness to it that would never go away but who cared? It served as a small monument to the beginning of something much better. By the time I was done with the clean up I realized I was going to be late for my afternoon summer class and made a mad dash for school. Time was seemed to come to a halt as I sat there re-imagning what had just happened.

It was great start to a seriously amazing summer.

