Alcohol-induced wetness

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2014-04-12 20:44

This morning, as I woke up after a night of heavy drinking (don't remember all of it), I was still a bit drunk. The kind where the hangover comes a couple of hours after you wake up. I felt pretty good, considering the amount of alcohol I had consumed. After about 20 minutes of slowly waking up, I noticed my bed was damp; I must have peed a little in my sleep, I thought. To my surprise, because even with regularly drinking considerable amounts of alcohol it had been years since the only other 2 times I peed the bed (by accident, that is). Both times were due to alcohol. I remembered how miserable I felt back then because of the massive hangover and I really couldn't enjoy it, and I realized how lucky I was this time.

I started to investigate how much I must have peed. It was actually a lot; I hadn't noticed because it wasn't that cold. I think it was quite recent. I decided to get out of bed and make sure the hangover I was about to get would be as minimal as possible. Climbing down (my bed is on a level higher in my room, with stairs going up, so I have more space) I noticed a big puddle on the floor. And wet pants. Apparently I wet myself before I went to sleep, probably on purpose. Then I noticed part of the puddle was on a chair. I looked up, and lo and behold; my mattress. I had thoroughly misjudged the amount of pee that went in, and apparently through, my mattress that night. I completely soaked it. I went looking at my mattress again, this time with light, and found that, indeed, the wet patch was much bigger than I thought when I was still lying in it. My pillow even got wet.

Then I realized that I apparently had wet myself before I was home. From what I could gather, I had done this right after the last moment I can remember; just before I reached my home. I had a clear moment in which I hadn't peed myself. Knowing myself and my state at that time (and the fact that it had been one of those days where I imagined every girl I saw was wetting herself) I did this on purpose. But my bed - that was an accident. And somehow it felt great, I never have accidents. I always wanted to have a sober night-time accident (because I couldn't enjoy my other ones) and I never managed, not for lack of trying. Too bad I wasn't completely sober when I witnessed it, but at least I did feel OK enough to enjoy it. I didn't even masturbate or something; I just enjoyed the fact that I wet the bed.

