Pissed my pants in the 5th grade during a important test...

Author: theblackman24

*000*2012-12-09 06:37

When I woke up in the morning I ate breakfest and I got something to drink. I put on my school uniform and when it was 7:30 my aunti picked me up so she can take me to school. Before she droped me off at school she stoped at mc donalds to but some breakfest. I was feeling thursty so I asked for an orange juice I drunk the hold bottle of orange juice before I made it to class. My aunti said use the bathroom before you go to class becouse you dranked all that orange juice. I didn't listen to her becouse thought my bladder was made out of steal and I will never lose control.

I skiped going to the bathroom even tho I had a light urge to pee and went stright to class. The teacher said the test is five hours long and there will be only one break. Use the bathroom go get breakfest becouse once the test starts no one is allowed to leave for any reason. I decided to get a second meal and get small carton of milk. Once I finished I headed to the bathroom but there were 8 people in line so I just said I can hold it and went to class. When I eneted class the teacher handed out the test and told every one the break will be in 3 hours then we will resume part two of the test.

The test seemed easy to me so I didnt have a hard time awnsering the question since I was one of the smart kids. On the other hand my bladder was beginning to fill at a steady paste. As time went on my bladder was slowly filling up and after an hour an a half had passed I had a strong urge to pee but it wasnt an emergency, it was enought to make me fidget thow. An hour later It was becoming an emergency, but I knew I could wait another 30 minutes. The teacher asked the class if they wanted to take their break now or wait till lunch so they can have extra free time. The class voted to skip the break and wait till lunch, I wanted to say something but I was to shy. Now I had to hold it an extra 2 1/2 hours becouse I didnt speak up.

As time went on my confidence in my holding ability begian to drop becouse I never had to go that bad before. I started to grab my croch to make sure nothing came out. The girl next to me said dont you pee yourself next to me go ask the teacher to use the bathroom. I gathered the courage to ask the teacher, but the teacher said you should have said sometime before I would have let you, but since the schools break is over your going to have to hold the next two hours. I knew she was going to say no becouse she never lets anyone go to the bathroom untill their pants are wet.

I started to get bladder cramps and I was losing concentration on the test, but I tried to remain focus since thats what was keeping me from thinking about my bladder. I was fidgiting so much that the teacher told me to stop becouse I was disterbing the class. I tried to stop moving but it felt like it was about to come out so I just bounced my leg up and down. I eventually finished my test and I teacher told me that I should start my homework assignent so I wouldnt have to do it later. I started on the homework but I just couldn't do it nomatter how how I tried.

I asked the teacher agian and she said no you have one hour left dont ask me the same question anymore. It felt like I was going to pop any second so I put my dead down and just tried to hold it. A few minutes later I started leaking little droplets into my underware. I grabed myself and held tight so nothing else would come out. I started to tear up and cry becouse I knew I wasn't going to make it to the bathroom. I couldnt believe that this was happening to me how could I have an accident im to old for that. Eventually my bladder started to spasm I tried to fight back the spasm but my bladder gave out.

I grabed myself as hard as I could and tried to stop pee from coming out, but it hurt to bad trying to stop the pee from coming out that I let go and I started peeing my pants little by little. I mange to stop it for a moment I looked at my pants and I was wet between my croch and my underware was wet. A minute later another wave came and I just burst and I peed th whole volume of my bladder. When it was done There was a puddle underneath me and the kids were laughing. I was so embarrased that I just kept crying. The teacher said you should't be peeing youself at you're age now go to the nurses office so you can go home.

Ever since that day I never been the same about my bladder...

