Wetting Outside of Dorm (witnessed event)

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2012-09-06 02:57

So, I was dropping by to check on a friend i nthe middle of the afternoon today, and was roudning out the path to her dorm when I saw a dark haired girl wiggling frantically in front of the card swiper. She was fumbling with her card and she could just not the damned machine to let her into the dorm (it's a really picky machine, and you have to swipe it at just the right speed). Since I was going that way anyways, I offered to open the door for her, and she, not knowing I was there, squeeked a bit and jumped the side, moaning softly for me to do so. So, I did, and then I moved over the door and opened it, but as I was doing so, I heard from the side a rushing sound and, by the time the door was open, she was steadily flooding her jeans and the ground beneath her. 

So, what else could I do but stand there awkwardly while she looked steadfastly away from me and veritable soiled her pants more thoroughly than just about anything the internet and what experience I have had would leave me to beleive is possible. So, like after a minute and a half, she was standing there, red faced and soaked, while I was still standing where I was, red faced and holding a door, and then she looked at me in a confiding and pleading sort of way and thanked me quietly as she walked inside. I walked inside as well, but decided not to say anything as she walked off towards her room. Instead I started going to my friend's room, but, halfway there, I had to stop so I could calm my raging boner into submission.

*005*2012-09-06 16:42

It's a small school, so I will most defintely see her again, but she will probably avoid me like the plague. the reason I decided not to say anything was because I did not want to make it any more unpleasant for her than it had to be. I mean, if I had known if she was enjoying herself....

*011*2012-09-07 16:40

Life threw me a party. I say it's about time. :p

