My Cousin and I

Author: PeachyKeen

*000*2012-05-31 20:18

This is just a small story I would like to share with you people. There isn't any accidents involved, but there is some desperation and peeing outdoors! Hope you like~ (:

###

For Memorial Day, I went to my cousin's house for a picnic not only to celebrate the holiday, but to celebrate her sister's boyfriend's birthday as well. [confusing, I know.] Anyways, it was so hot outside, you could barely walk across the yard without sweating like a pig. Most of the afternoon we spent sipping soda underneath their pavillion, snacking on foods and eating hamburgers. It was fun and all, but after a while things started to get boring. Both of us our in high school; she being one year younger than me. We are really close and love to have fun together. When she suggested that we went down to the creek in the woods behind her house to cool off, we went right away. As for a little description; I was wearing short, black athletic shorts with a loose red tanktop and she was wearing jean shorts with a green tank top.

Once we were down at the creek, we took a seat on a log and dipped out feet in the water. We watched as crayfish swam by and let the sun beat down on us from between the leaves. After a while, I suggested we head downstream to investigate the creek further. Since it had poured buckets the past few days, the water had risen to shin height and was flowing like rapids over rocks and hills. It is a small creek, so most of the times we would walk in the water and then have to navigate around the banks to bypass a fallen tree or another obsticale. 

By doing this, we would be getting in and out of the water which was quite the chilly temperature. On our way back to our log chair, walking sticks in hand, I noticed how badly I had to pee. The cold water along with the two cans of soda and one bottle of ice tea have finally settled in. "God I have to pee!" I said, secretly squeezing my muscles tight. My cousin agreed with me, mentioning that I should just pee in the woods. "I do it all the time when I'm down here." She said and continued back upstream.

The creek was harder to navigate coming back since we were going against the current along with the fact that I only had slide-on sandals on and I was always slipping on wet rocks. But, we finally made it back to the calm pool and log we started at and I was totally relieved. Crossing the creek, I made my way back to a large tree to relieve myself. This was no easy task seeing as there were large thorny bushes surrounding the tree. Finally getting there, I dropped my pants quickly, squated down, and took a nice, long refreshing pee. Mid stream, I heard my cousin call to me; "Hurry up! I gotta go too you know!" That made me smile. Once finished, I returned to the log and watched as she went off to do her business as well. She went up to the same tree, squated down, and dissappeared from view. When she returned, we tried to catch some salamanders but gave up and returned back to the pavillion for some more food.

###

About an hour or two later, we returned back to the creek to try and beat the heat yet again. Still wearing the same things, we grabbed our abandoned walking sticks and traveled back and forth across the creek again. After about twenty minutes, we returned to the large pool at the beginning. I don't know what brought on this [we were bored and dying of heat] but we suddenly started smacking the water with our large sticks so water flew up onto us. We weren't getting real wet, but we were laughing really hard and having fun. Suddenly, my cousin slipped and fell backwards into the water, making a big wet spot on her butt. She was laughing so hard when she stood up, that I noticed she had crossed her legs tightly and went to put a hand down on her crotch. "Stop!" She yelled out mid laughter. "I have to pee!"

This was the last she mentioned of this desperation, and she never went back behind that tree, but I thought I would share this little experience with you. I would also just like to mention that I was in no way turned on by this seeing as this was my cousin after all, but I thought it was funny and I should share it with you~ :3

*002*2012-05-31 20:55

{{ 

That was quite lovely. Maybe you can convince your cousin to have a holding contest with you ;) if for nothing more than the experience.

But that was a good story in either case.

}}

Haha, well... that would be interesting! But thank you for the compliments! Greatly appriciated~ (:

*007*2012-06-04 16:46

@OmoCommando: Thank you so much! I'm glad you liked it! :3 sounds like a nice experience you had as well! I don't know why, but I love peeing in the woods~ It is so much better lol! >//< I'll definately try to post some more stuff soon!

@vexer6: oh my goodness, I am so sorry for your loss! I know it is very hard to loose a love one, but when I'm feeling down I always think of the fun memories I had with that one and it always makes me feel better! (:

@SonicOmoFan: Thank you! I try to make my stories as descriptive as possible! I will definately be trying to post more soon! (:

