Anne's wettings and my discovery

Author: aqua

*000*2011-07-12 18:06

Anne

Anne and I had known each other from our first year in college. She was always mysterious to me, but that was part of, perhaps a very big part of, her beauty and intrigue. Not that she wasn’t beautiful...she was. Light brown, silky longhair, wonderfully long and muscular legs, small shoulders, small breasts and pert lovely nipples, a firm and delightfully round ass. Her face: oval, brown eyes, a come hither look, thin lips. Her hair often fell over her eyes; she would brush it back, her eyes smiling even if they didn’t move. She was quiet, yet could be wild. I fell in love with her, so I thought, from almost when I first met her, although little would come of it for years, but when it did, the first and most intense time, on a cross country road trip from Boston the Los Angeles during the late summer.

While I had made out with Anne a few times before our trip, little had come of it, except it was/she was the stuff of fantasy. She had tantalized with her short skirts over her tanned legs, her loosely buttoned blouses revealing her bra or sometimes not her bra. But other than that, little.

The Drive

We didn’t see each other until we began our drive, which was to take about a week. Little of interest happened until we got to Nebraska....an otherwise boring 700 mile drive. The whole trip had been hot so far, graced by Anne’s choice of clothes for the prior two days of delightfully short mini skirtsor dresses. I would catch nice views of her panties as we drove, as she got in and out of the car, but little happened. We stay at friend’s houses for two nights along the way, but after Chicago neither of us knew anybody along the way.

I don’t remember how we either began to feel each other up all over or how the subject of Anne’s peeing and wetting accidents actually came up. I just remember, perhaps inaccurately, that I was feeling her legs, her skirt above her pale green panties (not my favorite color), that she told me of the first time she wet her panties. (“The first time?,” I asked incredulously, “you mean there have been others aside from when you were sleeping?”) “Yes,” she replied innocently, “ and I found all of them a turn on, even though some were really embarrassing....I liked the warmth, the loss of control....the feeling of wet clothes....It weird, I know, but for a year or two I really got into it.”

I should explain about her wetting the bed. The first night we stayed at a friend’s place who wasn’t there. She fell asleep on the couch and I slept in the bedroom. We both had had a lot to drink, and I got up to pee. Anne was on the couch, her short night shirt above her white mesh bikini panties, her legs somewhat spread, and one strap over her shoulder revealing a lovely breast. God, I wanted to sleep with her, but instead of waking her, just stood looking at her and ended up coming in my underpants.

I peed and went back to bed. I got up before her and walked into the living room, she with her back to me, her lovely pantie covered ass for me to marvel at. I realized that her panties were wet and somewhat yellowed…god, she wet herself. I almost came without touching myself, but did come…she woke up shortly afterwards, and realized she wet herself in her sleep, not even waking up. I wanted to talk to her about it in detail, but at that point felt insecure about how much it turned me on. So we both laughed and she washed out her panties and nightshirt, and cleaned up the couch as best she could.

Back to the drive. I couldn’t believe what she was saying. I had never known a girl, to say nothing of a very beautiful girl, who got off wetting herself. And got off was exactly right...she’d sometimes masturbate after she wet herself, often she liked to push her wet/warm soaking panties into herself as she rubbed her clit and cum....other times take her panties off and cum. I was very hard as she told me this, and began rubbing her clit through her panties, the most direct things I’d done with/to her, at least when she was awake.

She responded. I told her I loved the idea of her wetting herself, that I had never known anyone else really into his, and finally, that I wanted her to pee in her panties for me; all over me....She thought about it, saying in her lovely southern accident (she grew up in the south) that she didn’t think we should sleep with each other because of our respective relationships, but that ‘playing round’ seemed ok to her. I decided not to ask what that meant to her and let passions run their course instead. Playing around met, it turned out, everything this side of fucking....she made me cum, I her; and much, much more.

