My very first wetting experience - school

Author: arnaud1979

*000*2013-03-02 12:15

This happened when i was 12. The school toilets were dirty and not all doors could be locked. Almost everyday i was holding it until i was back home. One day of the week was a longer day, leaving home at about 7:30AM to be back at around 5:30PM.

One one of those long days, i had to go really badly in the last class hour but i decided to hold it because i did not want to ask fpr the toilet in front of the class. I unfortunetaly could not hold it very long and about 15 minutes before the end of the class i started to wet myself. It was not very latge, just a 10cm patch in my pants that was not visible by anyone. I was anyway sitting in the last row and alone at my desk.

It was becoming even harder to hold it and just 3 to 5 minutes before the end of the glass my bladder decide to just let it go. I was peeing myself on my chair in class and could not hold it at all. The pee was making a large puddle on my chair, wetting the front and the back of my pants, going down my lands and also making a puddle on the ground. I could even feel the warm pee wetting my laps and my ass. I think i had never pissed that much.

At the end of the class, i just packed my stuff as usual, just taking a bit more time than usual to make sure that i was the last one to leave the classroom. Nobody noticed as i was at the back of the room and the last one to leave, except for the teacher who noticed my wet pants. She called me and asked what happened, so i had to tell her. She looked at my deks and saw the pee on the chair and on the floor. She told me it was ok, that the room was going to be cleaned on that day anyway and that i should not waste time and go home to change.

But she also took my school notes book to write a note to my parents saying that i had wet myself in class. At my school we had a special note book where teacher could write notes and gives extra bonus or malus points fr our behaviour and participation in class. I'm the one who had a note written there and available for every teacher to see for the next 5 1/2 years that i had wet myself. This was a 7 malus points one!

Maybe my worse peeing accident but the first of a series.

