Accidentally wetting the bed as an adult

Author: Sveidi11

*000*2015-03-26 02:57

When I was younger I wet the bed occasionally for a few years into my memory, probably stopping around age 7 or 8. By that point I had figured out that I liked how it felt, and would pee a little bit when I got the chance, always trying to keep it concealed. I would sit on the toilet and pull my underwear tight against me, and try to see how small of a spot I could make if I peed really fast right through it. It was usually pretty big, but sometimes small enough to keep wearing the underwear for a while. This is an not for another day if you all want to hear about it.

When I finally moved out at the start of college, started doing my own laundry and gained some much desired privacy I started experimenting more with wetting myself. I had already tried soaking my underwear and loved how it first soaked out then ran everywhere. I eventually tried wetting a pair of old jeans and loved that too. I tried to find times to do this, like when I was studying, but didn't want it so be over so quickly so I would let it out just a little at a time so I could feel the warm wetness build up. I had a wooden chair so this was all fun and games.

Eventually I got more bold, doing this in bed while reading or doing homework, wetting just enough to feel good, but not get anything too dirty. As I did this I got more and more comfortable with the feeling of letting go and bed, and loved the rush it brought. I kept this habit up for another month or so, letting myself go just a little bit in bed. All the while I was thinking it would be fun to actually wet the bed again to see how it would feel. I would let the bed get just a little bit wet, and even that drove me crazy. Finally one morning I woke up and deciding I was going to do laundry anyways let it all go. It felt so amazing to feel the hot piss soak it's way into my boxers and work it's way up my chest, swallowing me in a pool of warmth! What a shame I can't do this more often!

I only allowed myself to wet the bed twice after that, but for a couple months I was still peeing my underwear a little in bed most nights. Eventually one night I had had a few beers and had the typical dream that I had to pee, and woke up just as I had leaked a little. It wasn't enough to get the bed wet, but I did get up and change before going back to sleep. I didn't think too much of it at the time since I was wetting myself this much pretty often anyways. This happened once more and should have been a warning, buy i liked what i was doing too much to stop.

Finally one night we had had a big party, and I had consumed my fair share of party liquids before going to bed. As usual I peed juuusst enough to feel it and feel asleep. I woke up hours later to find not sunrise but a cold, wet bed. I still don't know to this day if half awake me thought peeing myself was a great idea or if it all came or on its own but the experience shook me up a little. Peeing myself had always been such a fun game because I was still in control.

After that night my shenanigans stopped for a while, and I only had one more similar experience. I still play around, but I save anything in bed for rare occasions to prevent getting too comfortable again. I have since found plenty of other places to have an "accident ", though my bed is a little, no completely, soaked right now.

