Victory to Tyler. My girlfriend peed herself for me.

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2014-03-31 15:27

Hello amigos, it's me Tyler. And if you heard a victory yell earlier than that will have been me. Celebrating. If you saw my other topic in General Discussion, you'll know that I finally told my GF and she agreed to pee her panties for me. Well, she wasn't playing around.

I was sitting around waiting. She was coming around 2:30, and I was excited and nervous. Hadn't felt my heart beat so fast in years. After occupying myself by messing with the window cleaners (A story for another time and another website), she finally arrived, looking ready and slightly weirded out. We quickly moved upstairs to my room (third floor), where I duct taped her to a chair and tried to make her watch a horror movie (Wes Craven's New Nightmare), she conned her way out of that and we began making out and stripping down. Soon she was just in her underwear and your humble narrator was buck ass naked. She rolled off me and took my arms, making me stand.

We'd agreed to do it in the shower, where we can clean up easily.

"You ready to do that thing in the shower?" She smiled. A nervous but determained one

"If you wanna back out, I won't be mad or anything" I replied while nibbiling on her neck.

"No, I said I'd do it" SHe again took my arms and led me downstairs and after a short make out session in front of the shower (We have a glass cubicle type thing), we entered.

I closed the sliding door as we got in, more nervous than ever she asked how I wanted to do this, I said to make out until she eventually has to go. We began this and I quickly moved my hand down and started stroking her pussy. Wet already. She already let a little go.

- Insert short Tyler victory dance -

She told me to move my hand and I obeyed. She was in control. I then heard pee dropping down out of her blue underwear(see attached pictures) and onto the shower floor. Now from here it's kind of a blur, because your subtle narrator got really horny, really fast and started fingering her up against a wall.

Skip on a little and we're in bed and, I'm pumping away, and I suddenly feel a sudden wetness by my knee. I stop and pull out. She questions it and I reply that she may have just peed the bed. After a whole lot of denying, we went back to it. I can now confirm. She definatly peed my bed.

Behold in all their glory! My girlfriend's peed panties.

We're not gonna do this every week, so this thread will be updated every so often with pictures. Peace amigos.

*004*2014-04-01 07:31

She doesn't enjoy it persay. She doesn't really hate doing it but she doesn't really like it either. She does like however, how turned on I get from it. So that's something I suppose.

