My Camping trip

Author: Steph94

*000*2014-02-05 03:07

So There was a big group of my friends all going camping together. We Went to a really great spot in a national forrest. We were staying there for 4 days. We had a 4 day weekend so we were all looking forward to it. Now before we left i was working on getting my clothes packed and all the essentials you need for camping. Makeup, toothbrush deoderant all that. Yes i put make up on when i got camping. Any way I finished packing and moved my bag down stairs. We were in a hurry and I really dont know why we were but they all wanted to get there and start drinking. I went out to check out this amazing RV we got and before i knew we left and of course the lucky ones including my self who dident have to drive started drinking on the ride down there. 

This RV we were in was Gigantic. It was like a mobile mansion. Id never been in somthing this nice before. Its about a 7 hour drive to our site, so we had a pretty good roadtrip to enjoy all of our company. About 5 hours into it I realized I went out to the RV and dident get a chance to go back inside and grab my bag! I was freaking out but my friends calmed me down and told me its camping not lke you need to change anyway and we can stop at a gas station and grab toothbrush and all the essentials you need. I started calming down knowing that this is gonna be ok. But ill jump to us arriving to our camp. I had a good buzz going already and I know almost everyone else did except john. He was driving the beast rolled up in. lol.

We kept drinkin heavily and enjoying the beautiful weather we had. When the sun went down we all took a mile or so hike and had a nice huge bonfire. But I realized once we started hiking I really had to pee but I was also drunk so i wasent thinking clearly. So I kept on walking and finally got to the perfect place for a bonfire. I disappeard from the group as Iam clenching my legs together in pain stumbling trying to keep my balance. All in all it was a losing battle for me. I got a lttle bit away and it was so dark that you could hardly see a foot in front of you. My desperation getting higher and higher I finally just let it all go dripping down my light blue jeans and boots.

I was drenched from front to back. My sock were all squishy too and made little splash and squish noises everytime i walked but youd really have to listen if you wanted to hear it because of the crunching of the leaves and twigs. But I got back and no one noticed that i Peed my pants. Either everyone was too drunk or just too dark to notice. Or maybe they did not wanna bring it up. But since that being my only pair of panties and jeans I had no way to change or wash my clothes so I was stuck in them the whole 4 days we were up there. Im not gonna lie thinking back on it now It turns me on but in the moment all i wanted to do was change especially when it happend because it was way to cold to have wet pants.

