A Very, Very, VERY Wet Day...

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2015-02-07 04:35

Hay I'm back!!!

Note: This is a long ass story. ;)

A few days ago, I was feeling a little but lonely because Alexis and I hadn't talked much in a while. She and I are both working and have college to worry about.. Not like a fight or anything, we were just a little detached at the time. So basically I kinda-sorta had a very, very, very wet day...

I woke up feeling great because I didn't have work or school and could just spend a whole day doing what I want.. Which is to be a bum because I never get to bum out. I listen, Emily, one of my roommates, must already be at work because I couldn't hear her snoring down the hall. I throw my covers off of me and walk downstairs making a distinct thump with my little heels every step of the way.

I get to the kitchen still in my sleep attire (which is basically a tank top and boy shorts or panties). I get a pot of coffee going and open up our pantry. Someone must've done their share of groceries for the month because we were stocked up! I pour myself a bowl of Cheerios and fill myself a mug of coffee. Once I set my breakfast on the coffee table I flung myself onto the sofa and turned on the tv.

I stared blankly at the tv not really interested in the news and was hoping to find a movie on netflix or something, but nothing really sparked my interest. I sat straight up and started devouring my bowl of cereal. When I was done I dumped the bowl into the sink with my empty coffee mug and went back to the couch.

With my feet on the coffee table still, I pull up my tank top a little bit and rub my slightly bigger tummy where a whole new human was waiting to pop out in six months. I smile warmly to myself at the thought of being a mommy.

The doorbell rings. I quickly jump to my feet and go to the door. I open it and some attractive dude I've never seen in my life stood there.

"Hey." He said with a sly grin on his face.

"Who the fuck are you?" I say, kind of disgusted at the way he looked at my body when I was wearing my pajamas still.

"Oh, I'm Jason" he said as if expecting me to know him. I just stared. He sighed, "I'm looking for someone by the name of Beth, do I have the right house?"

"Oh. Yeah, she's upstairs...." I answer already knowing that today would not be quiet after all... Not in this house at least.

"Jason???" Beth called from upstairs "Just come up, I'm in my room".

Jason looked at me. I roll my eyes. "Second door on the left".

"Thank you" he winked at me and jogged up the stairs unbuttoning his shirt.

Once I hear Beth's door close I groan loudly. Why did he have to come over to have sex with Beth TODAY?? Any other day and this would've been fine...

Within ten minutes I can hear Beth and Jason's moans from upstairs as they made love knowing that I was in the same house. "How rude..." I softly mutter to myself.

Eventually their moans became too much for me and I felt horny because it made me realize how long it's been since I've had a dose of intimacy... And I'm pregnant, so I'm naturally horny a lot..

I walk upstairs and hear the squeaking of Beth's bed get obnoxiously louder. I pull on some sweatpants and put a sweater over my tank top. "Hehe, no bra today".

I grab my keys and go outside. "Ew, it's cold." I get into my car and stick my hands in between my thighs to warm them up while my car tried to warm up. The fact that my hands were so close to my pussy made me feel even more horny. I shook my head, dismissing the horniness and backed out of the drive way.

I stopped in front of Alexis's house and sprinted to her front door wanting to get out of the cold as possible. Alexis opened the door and smiled at me.

"Hey you" she said.

"Hey" I smiled "Beth's boo thang is over and they're fucking each other so obnoxiously loud.."

"We'll get them back one day" Alexis winked and invited me in.

"Tea, coffee, vodka, anything?" Alexis asked as she walked to the kitchen. She was still wearing her pajama bottoms and a tank top.

"Nah I'm good" I respond, entranced by her butt. "Alexis, why can't my butt be as nice as yours?"

Alexis turned around and put a hand on her bottom "What, this old thing?" She laughed and patted it "I wish I could have boobs like you so yeah we can trade."

I laughed as she sat on the couch next to me. We just sat looking our laps. "I gotta go to the bathroom. I'll be back in a sec" I go into Alexis's bathroom and have a rather long debate whether or not I should pee in my boy shorts on or like a normal person...

"Alexis, I'm gonna piss myself outside, okay?" I call out as I exit the bathroom and go to the front door.

"What?! It's fuggin' cold out there!" Alexis got up too and saw I was determined and that there was no point in stopping me, "let's go to the back yard, more privacy."

I follow her out the back and we stand out in the cold. I take off my boots and slide down my sweats. Once my boots were back on I walked over to the grassy area of her back yard and squatted. Alexis stripped down to her panties too and joined me.

We sat there for a few minutes squatting waiting for our cold bodies to let us pee.

"God, I'm so horny...." I said to break the silence dominated by the occasional gusts of wind.

"Seeing you horny makes me super horny" Alexis said as she rubbed her pussy through her panties.

I smirked and finally felt my piss coming. I pulled my boy shorts up revealing a slight cameltoe and started wetting. My warm pee momentarily squirted into my shorts making a dark spot that expanded quickly. The warmth spread over my entire pussy and I was finally able to do a full release. I let go and felt the pee flood out of me into my pajamas. The light gray quickly became dark and you could see the solid stream of pee pouring into them and dribbling at my butt into the grass.

Alexis slid her panties off and cupped her hand over her pussy. "Not warming up fast enough!" She frantically said. I was still peeing! I had so much pee in me! I began to start holding it and releasing it in little spurts because it turned me on to do so. I finally heard Alexis laugh hysterically. I look over at Alexis and she must've not had time to pull her panties back up, she was wetting into her hand!

I smile as she pressed her hand in closer to her pussy making the piss squirt out in all directions. She finally pulled her pink panties back up and soaked them. I slipped my hand into my shorts and began rubbing my pussy in circles while I watched her pee. Once she was done we both quickly got up and went back inside.

As soon as the door slid closed, Alexis turned to me, grabbed my face and kissed me. I wrapped my arms around her neck and kissed back with full force. She dragged her hands down my body to my butt leaving a slightly damp line on my tank top because her hand was still wet with piss. She squeezed both of my cheeks and picked me up. She pressed me against the wall as we continued to make out. My ankles locked behind her as we softly moaned. Alexis pressed me harder into the wall to support me so she could use one of her hands to yank my top off. Once off, she started licking my tits and sucking on each one making them even more pert than before. She turns me around and sets me on her kitchen counter and pulls her top off too. She squats down and began making little kisses up my leg to my soaked pajama bottoms. She gently used her index fingers to pull them down exposing my throbbing wet pussy.

"Oh god" Alexis said as she stuck her hand into her own panties and pleasured herself a little while she inched closer to my pussy. I spread my legs even wider and let her work her magic. I tilted my head back and felt her rapidly flick her tongue all around my clit.

I moan and she returns to me to kiss me more.

"Alexis.." I squeak. She looks up from my breasts. "I still have more pee..."

"Hold that thought." She said and helped me down from the counter. We rushed upstairs mostly nude to her bedroom. She opened her drawer and gave me some sexy red Victoria's Secret lingerie. "I want to see what this looks like when you wet it. I've been too scared to pee in it on my own, but if you ruin it, I won't feel as bad" I laugh and put it on. It was so uncomfortable. She hops onto her unmade bed and invites me to join her. I hop on and press her down on her back. I straddle her and kiss her once before I start wetting. As soon as the pee hit the lingerie, the lingerie barely absorbed anything, it just sprayed and dribbled all over Alexis's belly and bed. The lingerie was soaked but it at least was comfortable now.

"Oh shit that looks so hot on you.... Keep them after this" Alexis gawked at my pussy through the transparent red fabric. I began shifting myself back and forth on Alexis's abdomen to pleasure myself while we greedily clutched each other's breasts. I reach down and take off both of our panties and bring one of her legs up into the classic scissor position. Wasting no time I press our pussies together and watch them squish in many different ways of perfect pleasure. We start moving our hips around and our wet pussies made little squishing noises. We moaned, grunted, and orgasmed like never before. Eventually we both fell asleep on the wet bed, our tangled limbs didn't stop us from having our pussies still firmly pressed together.

When I woke up it was four PM so I decided to get going. Alexis said that she'd do the wash. I smiled, kissed her, put my new lingerie in a bag, got dressed in my damp clothing and got going.

Once I was home, Jason wasn't there anymore. Beth was in the kitchen eating ice cream in a plain pale blue t-shirt and purple silk panties. Her hair was a mess and she looked exhausted. I laughed and asked her how it went. We just sat there sharing stories about the sex we just had. It was quite great.

"I haven't pissed in these panties yet" Beth eventually said as she pulled up her shirt for me to see her panties.

"They're nice!" I say truthfully

"Thanks! Wanna piss with me? I'm bored and still horny."

"Absolutely!"

We go to the bathroom together and shut the door. Beth sat on the toilet and spread her legs. She quickly began peeing. The pee formed a pretty looking stream on her panties and darkened the material. She peed for a while and then got up.

"Your turn" she smiled excitedly.

I started peeing before my bum even hit the toilet seat. My pee re-soaked my shorts as my entire body exploded with pleasure as I was overcome by an unexpected orgasm. I moan and put a hand into my shorts. I was still peeing but I didn't care. I started rubbing my clit and moaned with pleasure. Beth was already sitting in the corner of the bathroom with her legs sprawled out. She'd moved her panties to the side and was fully inserting her finger into her pussy. I, on the other hand, kept myself contained because it doesn't feel right to show off my pussy to two people in one day to me.

My shorts went up and down with my hand. Beth and I literally were masturbating for about twenty minutes. We were moaning so loudly that if anyone was in the house they'd definitely know what was up. Once we finally calmed down we just sat slouched against the wall in our damp bottoms just in a trance. Our eyes met and we started giggling uncontrollably. I finally got up and decided to go take a shower upstairs.

As I exited the bathroom, I stopped dead in my tracks. Emily, my other roommate stood before me, arms crossed, hip tilted, face unimpressed, while I just stood there in my soaked boy shorts in a tank top, my hair still tossed around from when I had sex with Alexis. Beth came out of the bathroom too, panties soaked and stopped dead in her tracks as well. We looked at Emily in shame like when Beth first caught me wetting in my panties.

"Why didn't you two sluts tell me there was a group masturbation party? I would've gotten off work earlier!" Beth and I met eyes.

"Does that feel good?"

"What? Masturbating?" Beth asked.

I facepalmed, "No Beth, god, I'm the blonde one here, only I can ask stupid questions, she's talking about wetting in panties..." I look back at Emily, "to answer your question, it feels phenomenal. But it's not everyone's cup of tea.."

Before I finished what I was saying, Emily tossed her purse aside, pulled up her skirt, hitched up her panties and started peeing right there on the wood floor. She looked around casually at Beth and I. We just stared, astonished.

"You guys don't talk when you do this?" She asked.

"Nope! Usually we're busy orgasming!" Beth piped up. (Another facepalm from me.)

"I've had to pee ALL DAY" Emily looked down and examined the damage as she continued peeing. "This makes my pussy feel really wet and nice"

"I usually pee in my panties over a toilet so that I never have to clean up... That's why it took you guys so long to find out..." I said in my smallest voice.

"I wish I found out sooner.." Emily grumbled jokingly.

"Me too!" said Beth.

Once Emily was finished, she cleaned up her mess and smiled. "Well... Off to the bedchamber for me" she beamed. She went into the kitchen, grabbed a cucumber and walked up the stairs to her room.

Beth and I stood still bewildered by the unexpected turn of events.

"Um, did that just happen?" I said out loud.

"Not sure!" Beth said "But if it's a dream, I'm gonna go make the most of it too" she smiled and skipped up the stairs to her room leaving me alone.

I reached own and rubbed my pussy through my damp shorts and decided I might as well follow suit. I walked into my room closed the door and unleashed hell upon myself. :D

(((((PS: I might post my pregnancy pictures here soon on omo if I remember!!)))))

(((((((Oh and I might post a picture of my soaking red lingerie from this story too depending on how I'm feeling after >.<)))))))

*010*2015-02-09 20:20

{{ 

Yep, "wow" says it all. I really don't understand why you guys didn't end up having a threesome! Emily left it wide open I thought... Maybe next time. :)

}}

I guess I was just sexually worn out! :O {{

I am VERY impressed at your daily life! Seems like a lot of fun..... I wish my college life was half that exciting, lol. Though i suppose I have my own adventures too, heh-heh......

}}

I think everybody has a different yet exciting daily college life ;D{{

Amazing story, very well written and very erotic :)

}}

Thank you VERY much Gemmy! :) Always a pleasure! :D <3{{

Spectacular story! You are one of my absolute favorites on the forums.

}}

Awe, thank you!!!! It's nice to know I'm appreciated!! :DD <3

*013*2015-03-26 03:41

Oh, I might as well post them some time. *blush* give me a bit to put them onto my computer >.<

*016*2015-06-01 05:37

{{ 

All i can say to this story is, OMG. you and your roommates and your significant others are all lucky people. Stay wet my friends :)

}}

It's hard not to be wet ;D

