Story from Year 7

Author: ukc

*000*2013-05-13 20:24

As a first post, I thought I'd share one of the most vivid memories of my adolescence, a wetting experience that I, in all probability, can say was the real beginning of the fetish for me.

The air was thick with haze, and even inside an air conditioned room, the temperature was still sweltering. The school year had begun to wind down, and a relaxed attitude replaced the dull slog of school work. A gentle school project was the order of the day, and we were divided into table groups. By the express order of the teacher, because I usually ended up doing the work, I didn't have to do anything, and I had time to sit and stare out of the window, at a cricket match (we got slaughtered :D).

Out of the corner of my eye, I notice one girl (let's call her Ella) is wiggling around in her seat. If I am completely honest, for most of the time, I was focused on her because I was mildly attracted to her, and she had reciprocated when I explained what I thought about her. I was curious as to why she was wiggling and shifting, due to the fact that when I was younger, I lacked a lot of common sense, but eventually, I guessed why: she needed to pee. As if on cue, her hand flew up, and the teacher recognised it immediately.

"What do you want Ella?" she said, exasperated by the various monkey noises and paper throwing happening in the class.

"Miss, please may I go to the toilet?" was the query, and the response was instantaneous, resounding and frustrating: no.

"There's only ten minutes left, you can hold on!"

Sighing in frustration, she slumped her head down on the desk and groaned. I sidled over, and whispered in her ear.

"Fucking bitch, I swear she does that for her own entertainment..."

All I got was an "mhm." and another groan.

Five minutes passed, with Ella alternating between grinding on the chair and pressing her stomach against the table.

"Miss please, I really need to go!"

The reply was still the same; almost exactly the same words.

I didn't say anything this time, I just laid a hand on her shoulder, and she grabbed it in a vice-like hold, surprising me.

Despite my bones being pulverised, I was almost enjoying the spectacle of her grinding on edge of the chair, but of course I had no true idea why I really enjoyed it.

Eventually, three minutes or so later, the school bell rang at 3:58 PM, signalling the end of the day. I rose quickly, letting go of Ella's hand. grabbing my bag and beginning to shove my books in-

"WAIT! The homework is page 67, complete exercises 1 through 3..."

The teacher droned on and on and on, and all the while, I could almost feel Ella growing more desperate by the second. Eventually, the monologue of homework was finished, and everyone rushed out, leaving Ella, another girl and I. Even the teacher was gone. I turned and pulled the drawstring on my bag, and as the classroom fell silent, and the last girl pushed through the door, a quiet hissing sound pervaded the room. I turned around again, and watched in half pity, half arousal as a crying Ella emptied her full bladder into her panties, all over her skirt and onto the chair.

"OhmigodohmigodohmigodI-i"

She stood up, and the stream continued to flow with considerable force, splashing the ankles of my trousers with hot pee.

I couldn't comprehend quite what was happening, and the first thing that came to mind is what I did: I put my arm around her, and hugged her as her peehole ceased it's turbulent eruption.

"I'm so sorry I'm sorry I'm so-"

"Shhhhh... It happens to all of us, don't worry about it," I tried to assuage her (and probably failed).

I stood there in silence, with tears dripping onto my shoulder and pee dripping onto my shoes, and a boner that would have given me away had I not sneakily rearranged it.

"Seriously, UKC, don't tell anyone."

"I'll never tell, I swear down."

I lied.

Oops.

In the aftermath, the puddle was massive, and there was no way we could have cleaned it up. I lent her my school tracksuit, a baggy, 2-piece affair that hid any wetness, and a pair of cheap trainers that I never got back (not that I minded, they were pieces of shit anyway).

I did, however, get back the tracksuit, which smelt like delicious pee, and for the first time, I wanked to the smell, and taste, of pee...

*002*2013-05-14 19:32

Yeah, it was really great to see, I think I've experienced things like this a few times during my secondary education, which is kind of odd considering it tends to be rare in teenagers ^_^

I've also experienced a few in later years, when I'd acknowledged and embraced my omo fetish (not that I knew what it was before then!), those were really great.

*004*2013-05-15 19:19

It's good to hear that, I usually don't write enough when I start something because I just tail off and get bored if I know I don't have to do it...

Just too lazy I suppose :P

