Girl Scouts, and Wettings, and Bears -- Oh My! - Page 2

Author: ellemenopee

*030*2012-09-25 01:31

{{:

I don't scream like I used to, but I remember a time when I faked a need to pee so I could play on my iPod, and a giant spider was crawling across the rug. I pulled my panties up and bolted.

}}

Hahaha, I'd have thrown something of value--like a cellphone--at it, so you're doing better than me, buddy. =p

{{:

Aw, you must have been such a hero to that little girl..

And that was just an excellent and immersive story.

Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thanks so much! I appreciate your reading + kind words. Yay happy!

{{:

Hooray for camp! hooray for fear wetting! Seriously, those are two of my absolute favorite things ;)

}}

Bahahaha, glad I could cover both bases for you. lol

{{:

Shit, Izzy!! That was a wonderfully fabulous story! Don't ever be afraid of writing too long, to babble! I've a bad habit to skim a story and, if nothing really catches me, stop reading it. Prolly missed a lot of good reading in that way... But with your story there was no risk. I didn't want to miss a word of it! I lived through your desperation, I lived through your fear for the bear, and above all, I felt in my heart your empathy for poor Toni. You were so brave and you were so clever and capable dealing with the situation (especially considering you were only 14). I for one know what an increasing desperation to pee can do to a girl's mind; very quickly the whole desperation situation occupies your mind! To in spite of that keep on doing your best for Toni was really an accomplishment! She was a lucky girl having you there, when she needed it :)

}}

Oh, wow, thanks! That means so much--really, I appreciate you reading the whole thing AND feeling for the 'characters'. That's probably one of the best compliments I could have gotten. <3

{{:

This was awesome. And you know when you said your superpower was empathy? Mine too. It's so extreme that I was playing Crysis 2 and I saw my character get stuck in the shoulder with a needle, I instantly felt a stinging pain in my shoulder. Enough about that though, 10/10, 5 stars, thumbs up, and liked!

}}

I can't play BioShock with my brother, because if he kills those little girls, I'm depressed for, like, a week. =p Thanks, though, and glad to hear we're in the same boat! Sort of...I think...

*033*2012-09-27 21:40

{{:

Oh my god izzy! I accidentally killed one of them and I never played the game again. I felt like such a horrible person!

}}

I'm pretty sure that's the game's sole purpose, making you feel terrible.

{{:

Yea then i went and got my boyfriend to smash it for me. Another night that's more recent I saw a spider of the same type, on my bedroom wall. I didn't kill it, but I hope it died behind my dresser.

}}

Once I saw a spider in my bedroom before I went to sleep. I tried to kill it and missed, and when I woke up, I had a spider bite on my arm. IT KNOWS. :o

