Wetting everywhere

Author: Jorin

*000*2015-05-18 05:35

Hey there. I did not wrote a very very long time. To tell the truth I don't remember if I had posted anything here before.

But today I want to tell you about the short relationship I hade may years ago. She was a gorgeous blonde woman, somewhat around 25 years old, not too thin but with lovely curves. She was a young mother and had a bad character, so the relationship did only last 2 weeks. But this were the wettest two weeks I had till now.

Oh, please forgive my bad english, I am from Europe.

We dated a few times. One of the first ones was at her home. She lived for rent and had a small home. She invited me to meet here there because she had problems with her computer, and I was somehow a little bit into this stuff at the times. So I drove to her, she let me in, we talked a bit. She wore a blue jeans and a shirt, if I remember it wright. She drank a lot in no time, me too, and I noticed after a while, she was becoming kind of nervous somehow. We were sitting at her computer table side by side, so I had a good view at her legs. She started to move them, crossed them and seemed to be restless.

I really tried to fix her computer problem, really! But it was not easy not to look at her crossed legs. She noticed it, she told me later she liked to be seen holding and wetting. So she played with me, I guess.

As time goes by, she showed her desperation openly. She moved her pelvis (?) the whole time, she crossed her legs, she started to squirm softly. It was so obvious that she needed to pee, I became a hard on. I don't remember all of this evening, it was so lang ago, but I remember we kissed then and I remember we ended in her bathroom. I sat on the closed toilet seat and she sat on my lap. We kissed again and again und I felt her on myself, her legs touching mine, both in our jeans. And then it got warm and wet on my lap. She started to let it go. She pissed right at my legs. It was soooo hot, unbelievable!

She let it all go and we kissed the whole time.

We had a few of these situations. She pissed at the wall of a video shop at night (the shop was open, we were in it right before this), she pissed at her living room floor while cleaning it... I can try to tell you about it again, if you wish. Too bad this wasn't the time for smartphones with video recording.

