I wet myself today (with pictures and a short video)

Author: jeanvaljean

*000*2015-04-04 18:50

My very first post of this nature!

I wet myself today. And took pictures and a short video. Not the best quality, as they were only intended for personal use and limited sharing.

However, after someone here insisted for long enough, I have decided against my usual habits to post some pictures publicly.

The back story is that I had some time on my hands today and I drank 1 litre of water and a large mug of coffee. I then held it until it started coming out in uncontrollable and ever-increasing spurts. Most of the hold was done in the kitchen -not the most exciting hold, I know- while I was cooking. It turned out to be a rather long cooking session, along with the washing up and cleaning afterwards. I started spurting in the kitchen and then moved over to the bathroom where I eventually lost it.

As you can see from the front and back pictures of my jeans, there really wasn't anything left dry on them.

In the other pictures, yes, I have one of my hands very deep inside my pocket trying to stop the spurts.

And the little video is of me trying to stop the flow by squeezing very hard over my boxers, but as you will notice it doesn't really work. (Later edit. Couldn't upload that particular file type. Will change it and upload it soon)

Let me know what you think omo peeps :)

Jean

*002*2015-04-04 23:06

{{:

Really nice pics, you really soaked those jeans

}}

Thank you Gemmy

*004*2015-04-06 22:16

{{:

Very nice :) it made me wet my pants, thank you :)

}}

Haha cheers mate!

I'm glad you liked them

*006*2015-04-06 22:57

{{:

Damn! Tight jeans, tights boxers, both completely soaked.....that's really freakin' sexy!!!

}}

Lovely feedback MG, thanks

*008*2015-04-08 23:41

{{:

How often do you wet your pants? I wet my pants daily and love the feeling of being wet :)

}}

I certainly don't do it that often

It depends

I rarely do it more often than once, maybe twice, monthly

*009*2015-04-14 19:32

{{:

How often do you wet your pants? I wet my pants daily and love the feeling of being wet :)

}}

Do you really wet yourself daily?

*011*2015-04-17 15:57

{{:

Really nice pics! The ones where you are just in boxers are a bit too close though, I would like to see more of the wet spot, and see if your legs are wet as well.

}}

Thank you for the lovely feedback

Haha, it seems I have more practice to do on my 'camera work'

*013*2015-05-04 17:16

{{:

Yes jeanvaljean I do and I usually give my briefs a couple of squirts every time I pee. I have been a pants wetter most all my life and I love the feeling of being wet. I like to wet my briefs and wear dark jeans over them and no one knows I'm wet :)

}}

A well versed omo lover, I can tell

*015*2015-05-09 12:35

Thanks, I am glad you liked them!

Haha yes it appears my boxers are quite popular around here, I might make a separate account just for them :P

*017*2015-05-09 14:00

I think I have a better name for them

JVBoxersBest4Ever or spongebobsquarepants

*019*2015-05-09 16:35

Should I make one for my jeans as well?

*021*2015-05-09 17:04

You know, I'm really considering setting up that account now..

