Weekly Experiments

Author: Wetboxers

*000*2015-11-04 23:30

Hi, all,

I'm new to this site, having joined just yesterday, but as this seems to be the most active forum on the site, at first glance, I thought I'd give a short intro to my side of this fetish.

I've been interested in wetting since I was a teenager. It was always a complicated thing for me to come to grips with, as I also have struggled for years with defining my sexuality. The reason for this is, as I've learned, that I'm largely asexual, meaning I have no real desire for physical intercourse. I always felt a conflict between this and my fetish, however, because I am most definitely aroused by wetting and things associated with wetting (though my interests tend toward the intentional and relaxed—as in going about day to day life and wetting, not making as much of a big deal about it or staging accidents). But as I've learned, having arousal via a fetish does not conflict with asexuality, which does not necessarily mean void of arousal (though it can) but simply a lack of desire for sex.

Anyway, for my teen years and into my twenties, I couldn't really experiment much beyond mere dribbling as I lived at home. It was when I moved out on my own, first to Montreal before settling in Toronto, that I finally have been able to play around with this.

It started real slow. I'd done some deliberate wetting of underwear while sitting on the toilet or standing in the shower, but not much more than that. And as work took over my life, I found I lost touch a bit with this side of me. However, now that I have near total privacy in my apartment, and have a handle on my work-life situation, I've found my interest/desire in wetting creeping back into the forefront of my mind.

So I started testing myself—doing things like saving the last squirt of pee and then doing that in my pants, and then seeing how long I can keep them on throughout the day. It's worth mentioning here that I actually work from home—I'm a freelance writer and editor—and so I have the luxury to play while still getting work done. The money's not great, but the freedom cannot be beat. Anyway, gradually I've worked up to peeing my boxers on the toilet and then pulling up my pyjamas or sweats overtop, and trying that out for a time.

The most exciting experiments have only happened recently, where I've placed a garbage bag and a towel on my work chair and, while working, have attempted to soak myself, and remain soaked, for as long as I can stand it (which isn't always as long as I'd like, as it gets uncomfortalby cold—I'm thinking of investing in a space heater to counter this a bit, so that I don't feel like I have to give this up come winter). And just this week I've ordered my first pairs of adult diapers. I'm not into age play per se, but I love the idea of wetting with minimal to no clean up required.

Anyway, that's where I am right now—playing around more with the idea of wetting as a relaxation tool that is also pretty damn arousing, and coming to terms with how it fits into my asexual existence. So far, it's been a pretty great journey and I'm looking forward to going further.

Cheers!

*002*2015-11-06 17:36

Thank you! So far I'm still getting a feel for the place, but I'm hopeful, too. At the very least it will be nice to have a place to openly discuss such things, as I don't have a space to do so with my partner or any of my friends and family—save for one ex, I've not met anyone who has shared my interest in wetting.

*004*2015-11-06 22:46

Thanks, Maddie! And yeah, I'm enjoying the experimentation so far. I don't do it as much as I would like (if I had an on suite washer and dryer instead of just a basement one in my building I'd probably experiment daily), but it's been an interesting journey so far.

And thanks re: the empathy. It's nice to know my issues with asexuality and arousal and the inherent confusion are shared :)

*007*2015-11-13 00:04

{{ 

Welcome! It's awesome to read about your experience. :)

I also love the relaxation that comes with leisurely wetting. You should definitely experiment a lot more! I enjoy diapers as well. I don't feel that I'm an adult baby or a "little." I just enjoy the fact that I can gush a full bladder into a diaper and have it all contained, like you said. Minimal cleanup.

}}

Currently experimenting with my first diaper—sitting here, on the couch, playing a video game and slowly dribbling/spurting and trying to get it in my head that I don't have to worry about cleanup.

*010*2015-12-06 17:39

{{ 

It has been about a month since your original post. How is your experimentation going?

Hopefully the diaper pee was enjoyable! I can't imagine why it wouldn't be, lol. It's like one of the best things in the world.

}}

It was nice, though a bit strange—namely in that I didn't feel it as much. It's part of the love-hate thing I have with ordinary wetting: love how because everything gets so wet and clingy that you really feel it, but hate that it gets cold and clammy so damn fast. However, with the diaper I didn't get the post-wetting chills, but I also never had that feeling of being engulfed by the wetness.

So it was enjoyable, but one of those things I can see doing more because I just feel like dribbling and not because I want to be wet, if that differentiation makes any sense.

