Embarrassing aftermath

Author: wetvic

*000*2015-03-29 19:36

Bit of an odd one - I don't remember much about the actual wetting, so it can't have been all that spectacular, but it's the aftermath which really sticks with me.

Back when I was about 12, my mum used to work at a shop across the road from where we lived, so I often had the house all to myself at the weekends. This was in the days of dial-up internet, so I used this time to explore the internet and start to really investigate my interest in wetting.

I used to sit browsing the various sites, and often whilst I was doing so I'd experiment with wetting myself wearing different things, from various trousers and shorts to just underwear, and even once a drynite I managed to get my hands on. One weekend, it was as simple as a pair of black tracksuit bottoms and some kind of undies - I always wore boxers at that age, but used to sneak the odd pair of briefs just for wetting. Wouldn't have dreamt of wearing them day to day, but loved wetting them! As I said, I don't remember much about the wetting, other than I had obviously emptied my bladder into these clothes, and then cleaned up before mum got home, hiding the clothes in my bedroom to dry out.

Fast forward about 3 weeks later, Mum had arranged a trip out with some friends of hers - 3 adults and a couple of kids, one lad a year or so younger than me and a little girl. On the morning of the trip, she woke me up and told me she had laid out the clothes I was to wear - to my horror, they were the trackies I had soaked only a couple of weeks before!

I tried to object, made all sorts of daft excuses, but she was having none of it - she wanted me to wear those particular clothes. I suppose the only way I'd have got out of it would have been to admit that I'd wet them (under the pretence of an accident, of course), although there was no way on earth that I was going to do that and embarrass myself. So, on they went, and I spent the entire day smelling of stale wee. :(

I'm sure the smell must have been obvious to everybody, it was certainly pungent to me, although nobody said anything fortunately...I couldn't wait to get changed out of them that evening as soon as we got home.

Loooking back now, I really wish I'd had the guts to wet them some more whilst we were out, but alas I couldn't even admit to a previous wetting to save myself some shame, never mind wet publicly.

