I finally did it

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2015-11-25 09:06

Hi, everyone. long time lurker, first time poster.

For a long time, I've wanted to pee my pants out of pure desperation. all other times I did were like "......meh". I never wanted to go too far with it since I live with my parents and brother, and I didn't want to get caught.

This time, I finally did it.

While everyone is asleep, I drank several glasses of water, and waited.

I passed the time reading other stories and playing games. after awhile, I started feeling the urge to pee. On a scale of 1/10 I would say I was at 3.

I didn't want to half-ass it this time, so I drank more water.

A little while later, the 3 went to about 6, then about 8.

I was uncomfortable. I couldn't sit still. I got up and just started doing different poses to both hold it in, and pass the time.

I started to worry about someone waking up and me getting caught. I'm not sure how they would react to me doing this. Would they see me differently? Would they be disgusted with me?

I pushed those thoughts aside and decided to hurry this up. I Googled "pee sounds", and listened to sounds of people peeing.

After listening to a few, it got bad. the urge to pee ramped up way too quickly for me to handle. I wanted to stop the sounds or take off my headphones or something to help ease the pain, but I knew that if I did, I would have more time to regret this and just go to the bathroom. And if I did that, I wouldn't be happy.

So I denied it.

A few more pee sounds and I knew I had to go BAD!

This was the more worrying part of it all. I didn't want to pee on anything that would give away what I did, and %90 of the floor is carpet.

So I opened the door and went out to the balcony. Once I felt safe, it started.

I was peeing my pants.

I had very little control left as it went down my pants and into the concrete.

I was both exited and terrified.

As I said earlier, I was worried about someone waking up. The sound of the pee hitting the floor was kinda loud, and my brother could have heard it through the window.

I started feeling regret, but there was nothing I could do about it now.

So I kept peeing.

Once I was finally empty, I went back inside.

I finally did it.

I was proud of myself for taking that (very VERY stupid) risk.

I was scared that this would be the moment that my brother would show up and yell at me. Fortunately, that didn't happen.

As I'm writing this, my pants are still wet. I can't really get a new pair because I'm worried that they'll notice the different pants and figure it out.

So I'm keeping them on. I have a fan aimed at me to dry them faster, and after that, I'm gonna go to bed.

I'm still scared they'll ask questions, but I guess that's a problem for tomorrow.

Thanks for reading. :)

*004*2015-11-26 06:53

Thank you, everyone, I appreciate the kind words.

I was kinda worried about posting on here. I'm glad to see that you're all quite friendly.

Anyway, thought I'd update on what happened after.

I stayed up for awhile for my pants to dry. I left them on.

When I went to bed, my pants were still wet and also very cold. It was also cold in my room since it's November.

I was so cold that my teeth were chattering a little and I was slightly worried that I would get hypothermia (ridiculous, I know).

I got up so my pants could dry more, then when they were dry enough, I went to bed. No worries that time.

When I woke up, I checked to see if anyone knew or were at least suspicious.

Since I mainly drank water that night, my pee didn't have much of an odour. but I was still worried.

I talked with my family a bit, and they seemed oblivious to what I did.

I also check the balcony, and fortunately, the pee was dry by the time anyone woke up and there was no stain.

So I think I'm in the clear :D.

I feel good about myself.

Now I've been debating if I should do it again tonight.........I think I will.

I'll update with that later.

Thanks again, everybody!

*005*2015-11-26 10:03

I just did another one.

It started out fine. I drank some water. played a video game (Max Payne to be exact). normal stuff. I had to go a little bit, but not really.

BUT THEN, a half hour passed.

I got real uncomfortable. I could barely sit still. As much as I tried, I just could not concentrate on the video game. So I switched from playing Max Payne to watching videos (Achievement Hunter to be exact).

BUT THEN, One more hour passed.

I really had to pee now. if I sat down for too long, it would really start to hurt. switching to different positions didn't really help, so I just stood up.

Unfortunately, I couldn't stand still either. I had to keep walking back and forth.

I started taking quick breaths, but it didn't do too much. I tried different positions to see which helped. crossing my legs didn't do much. Marching in place helped a bit. Raising my legs as high as I could when I took a step helped even more, but the main thing that helped just squeezing my thighs together.

But that only helped for so long.

A little while later, I started to leak a little bit.

I knew it was time to go, so I went into the balcony just like before.

As I walked, I started leaking drop by drop.

Finally, I was in position.

And then I let loose.

Just like before, the peeing was kinda loud. I was worried someone would see me. Fortunately, No one did.

I could just relax and enjoy the liquid warmth of my urine leaving my body and flowing down my legs.

Ahhhhh, what a fantastic feeling.

And all too soon, I was done.

Once I saw that I was still alone, I inspected the damage.

I guess I was leaning, because the pee mainly went down my right leg. My left leg is completely dry. That'll make things easier.

This time I also noticed the puddle, and what wonderful work it was. I made it myself. :)

So, yeah. Now I'm here. Fan aimed at my leg waiting for it to dry.

Now this is the second time I've done this, and I've been thinking.

Both times I did this,I don't think I was absolutely full.

I don't think I was really at my limit. Just really really uncomfortable.

I mean, It hurt from time to time, but I think I could have lasted longer then I did.

While the peeing did feel great, I didn't quite feel the relief of my bladder deflating.

The main reason I did pee was because I couldn't focus on games or videos, and my mind told me I'd be bored if I kept holding.

So, I think I need to push myself harder.

The next time I do this, I think I'll prepare a set of rules that I have to abide. like drink a full glass of water every 20 minutes, or something.

I'll see if I can also get some things to help clean up.

But, I think that will be awhile from now.

I think it'd be best for me to take a break for a few days and let my bladder recover and figure out the best opportunity for this.

Yeah, that sounds good.

Until then, I'd love to hear what you're all thinking. (advice, criticism, etc.)

*006*2016-01-05 07:50

Sorry to bump this, but I'm not sure if making another thread for this is necessary.

Anyway, I just did another hold, if anyones interested.

This time, I didn't want to pee on the balcony. I wanted to do it right where I normally sit at my computer.

I was worried about the carpet, so I brought a towel for a worse case scenario.

I drank two glasses of water, then two more the next hour, then two more after that (you get the idea).

3 hours in, it got rough.

I stood up to relieve the pressure while I thought on what to do.

I decided that while standing up did help a little, I wanted to do this sitting.

So I sat back down and crossed my legs.

I would shift position from time to time from leg crossing, to squeezing them together, to pressing one of my legs against my crotch.

While I was going this, I didn't want to just sit there. I wanted to see how I did with holding while playing a game.

So, I started up GTA4.

I got to the mission where Niko has to drive a truck with explosives in it and avoid hitting other cars, and HOLY CRAP, IT WAS BRUTAL!

It was like being stuck in traffic with a full bladder.

I guess the stuck in traffic feel caused some reaction with my bladder, because I really, REALLY needed to go during it.

As The bomb in the truck started beeping while I was slooooooowly weaving through traffic, I thought to myself "I know exactly how you feel, bomb. You just want to explode." It was a funny comparison. all I could think of was my bladder bomb going off at any minute. Once I completed the mission, I immediately saved and quit the game. I needed full attention on my bladder.

Unfortunately, I didn't last too long after that. despite all my might, I ended up leaking a bit.

I stood up and started freaking out. "Oh god, I just leaked. This is it. I'm gonna pee any minute."

I knew it was all downhill from here, so I just sat back down and waited.

Bit by bit, the peeing started. I started hearing the pee hit the carpet. I didn't want a huge noticeable puddle there, so I grabbed my towel and placed it on my crotch.

With no more mess to worry about, I started to relax and pee more. Normally when I pee myself, the pleasure feeling is normally outweighed by worry about getting caught, So with the towel It felt good not worrying about making a mess.

After a little while, I was done.

I inspected the damages and found that the towel did a very good job. there was only a little wet spot on the carpet. My pants on the other hand are quite damp, but it could have been way worse.

So, yeah. That's about it.

I think next time I do this, I won't have the towel on my crotch and just use it for cleaning the carpet instead. That sound's like it'll be more fun.

