Had a real bed wetting accident

Author: Barry

*000*2015-06-24 22:35

I actually had a real wetting mishap on Sunday. I had been out drinking with some friends since 11 o clock, and by 3, while I certainly wasn't rat faced, I was quite tipsy at least. I would have drank maybe 10 cans of beer in the four hours I was gone.

When I returned home, my wife and kids were just about to leave for a visit to her sisters, so I had the house to myself for a few hours. It was pretty cold and rainy, so not much to do but watch TV. I changed into a baggy top and grey sweat pants, got another beer, and headed to the bedroom to watch football. Before I got settled, I had a pee, and also a quick "smoke," which was probably my undoing.

Laying on the bed, buzzing away nicely, I started to doze off. I checked my beer and found it half full, so I quickly finished it then laid back and started to drift off with the TV still going. I woke up at about 5:20, laying on my back with a strong need to pee. Thinking to myself that I would just lay there for a few more minutes, I stretched out and rolled over. I was laying mostly on my stomach, but with my legs bent out to the side, so my crotch wasn't flat on the bed, but slightly raised. I then dozed off again.

I awoke again at 5:40, and immediately something didn't feel right. I felt kind of heavy and warm around my genital area. Still more asleep than awake, it didn't quite register straight away what that could mean. I stretched my legs out again, suddenly aware of a very intense urge to pee, like the feeling you get if you cut off the stream half way. When I stretched out, it forced my crotch into the bed, and that's when I felt it. The unmistakable feeling of wet pants. That's when I realised that I was actually peeing. I wasn't completely peeing full force, but was leaking or dribbling as I lay there!

I quickly clamped down with my bladder muscles, and felt a strong spurt release as the flow cut off. Instantly awake, I threw back the covers and grabbed myself with my hand, finding saturated fabric under my fingers. I jumped out of bed and ran into the bathroom, my hand now seeming to be all there was stopping the flow. I made a decision to forget about using the toilet as I thought that I would completely lose control as soon as I took my hand away. Instead, I opened the shower door with my left hand while pulling down my sweat pants and boxers with my right. As soon as I was free and pointing in the right direction, I started having one of the biggest pees of my life all over the shower.

When I had finished, I pulled my boxers up. They are a loose fitting style in a light grey tartan pattern, and were nearly completely soaked all over the front. My light grey sweats were next, and they had a big soggy wet spot the size of a saucer on the front. I gingerly waddled back into the bedroom and examined the bed. We had pale blue cotton sheets on it, and there was a wet spot, perfectly round but only about 7 inches in diameter where I had been laying.

I quickly stripped the sheet off, and found only a very small wet spot on the mattress. 5 minutes with the hair dryer took care of that and left no stain.

The whole time I was changing the sheets and drying the bed I remained in my wet pants. It is hard to describe what I was feeling. I was still a bit drunk, and felt nervous and panicky about being discovered, a bit worried about wetting myself, but also admittedly very intensely aroused by the whole thing. When I finished I put all the wet bedding and clothes into the washing machine, had a quick shower, then turned it on before putting fresh sheets on the bed.

When my wife returned later, to avoid suspicion, I told her that I had fallen asleep while holding my beer and had spilled it all over myself and the bed, a story she accepted without question.

I've had a few drunken wettings in my adult life, but always discovered the situation after waking up. This is the first time since my childhood that I have ever woken up whilst I was still actually peeing.

It was inconvenient, but to be completely honest, it was nice to have a real accident for a change instead of a pretend one. While I'd never wish it to be a regular occurrence, it was kind of fun and made me feel genuinely little for a while.

*007*2015-07-05 21:42

When I woke up the first time bursting to go, I remember thinking to myself that I could get up, sit on the toilet and pee in certain pair of briefs that I like using for just that purpose. I decided that the opportunity was perfect, but I just needed to muster the energy and wake up a bit more first. I then started thinking how nice it would be to be diapered, and how if I was, I could just have a wee without getting up.

I guess that I as I dozed off again I was thinking about wetting my pants in the bathroom shortly, or was day dreaming that I was diapered, and in my dazed state my mind took over my body when I fell back to sleep.

What was unusual was like a lot of people on here say, I have tried in the past to facilitate a wetting before by drinking heaps or trying to go to sleep with a full bladder, but it has never worked. I can't usually fall asleep if I need to pee. I'll try, but always finish up having to get up and pee before I can sleep. This time I managed to fall asleep with not only a full bladder, but while also having thoughts about wetting. The combination of the two together obviously worked.

I don't think it would have happened without being a bit wasted though. No doubt I'll try again though.

