Intro to some stories from the girls I´ve been with

Author: Nicky-A

*000*2013-02-06 09:09

Hi, firstly I´d like to say sorry for any bad grammar or spelling that you may encounter in this short story.

I´ve been interested in wetting and desperation as long as I can remember and I´ve hade the courage to tell two of my girlfriends about my fetish as well. My first girlfriend agreed to pee herself sometimes infront of me but it never got much interesting than that. The girlfriend I´m with for the moment is a lot more interesting though. She is right next to me right now when I´m writing this but cannot write herself because she doesn´t speak english.

When I first told her about my fetish she didn´t like it but she took it kinda good and agreed to do it for me and told me that it wouldn´t feel wierd, this was only like one month into our relationship I´d like to add. Now eight months into our relationship she has found out that wetting turns her on as well, especially because I get turned on by it.

She has done some daring things like outdoor wettings, desperation infront of our friends and she even wet the bed at her parents house* one time and she told her mother about the "accident". Maybe I´ll tell you about that sometime if you like.

Though the first thing I write about is a thing that happened last night. We were at my place** with two close friends and just having some beers and playing some cards. After a wile we all got really drunk and my Girlfriend, who we´ll call Jenny for anonymity purposes goes to the bathroom with me and one of our friends. We were all laughing and then Jenny sits down on the toilette without pulling down her pants. Our friend starts yelling "Pull down your pants, pull down your pants" to her but she is laughing furiously at the same time. Thats when Jenny, who´s also laughing starts peeing through her pants. Thanks to this I had a hard time hiding my boner for the rest of the night. Later when our friends left she just said "look at this" and started peeing in the pants she had changed to. I guess you can figure out what happened next...

I hope you like this story and if you do please tell us and we will be happy to post more of them and those will include pictures and maybe a video sometime as well. (We tend to take a lot of pictures and we even have ones of the bed she wet at her parents house). Once again we really would like feedback on this story so please tell us!

/Nick and Jenny

* We are both only 18 and live in a small country called Sweden where it´s really common that you live with your parents up to the ages of 21-22.

** I have a really bad connection with my parents so I got my own apartment at the age of 16.

