Embarrassing to ask about but

Author: Vickypee

*000*2011-09-23 15:51

I'm was hesitant to post this because it is a little embarrassing and weird even for liking wetting i guess but it happened to me last night and i finally decided i had to ask.

I knew my parents were going out for a dinner for dad's work and id have the house to myself for many hours so i planned on having some fun and wetting and playing while they were gone so i drank a lot all day and held it. but after lunch i started to feel that other feeling, you know, like you'll need a BM soon, too. i just ignored it and kept holding both so i wouldnt ruin my wetting fun last night but every time the need to poop came back it was strong and stronger but i really wanted a big wetting and to be desperate so i kept holding it. by the time i got home i was practically prarie dogging or turtle heading or whatever you want to call it haha but i managed to hold on.

Finally my parents left for their dinner thing and i was bursting - from both sides. i didnt know what to do. i knew if i sat on the toilet to poop i would lose my pee and wouldnt get to have my wetting fun. i also knew that if i tried to go ahead with the wetting anyway that i might also do more than just pee my pants. i seriously debated it for a long time, holding myself and keeping my legs squeezed to keep everything inside.

Another big urge hit me and i leaked some pee while trying to hold the rest back and figured i was about to lose it but feeling the warm pee felt so good and i was turned on anyway and wanted to play so i decided to risk it. i hurried into my bathroom, put down a towel on the floor, stood in front of the mirror so i could enjoy watching, and let go and totally peed my jeans, which felt fantastic! but of course when i did that i couldnt hold back the other and like i expected might happen i... yeah... i pooped my pants.

It felt um, interesting, coming out and piling into my panties. thankfully it was not runny or anything.

It was like firm hot peanut butter in my panties? i dont know. sorry if that is gross. but i was surprised that it actually felt kind of good coming out and wasnt as weird or gross as i thought it would be? it was weird seeing the bulge in the back of my jeans grow when it came out. anyway, i finished going and unzipped my wet jeans, rubbed myself to a quick orgasm, and then had to cleanup. my panties and some of back of my jeans had poop stains on them but not terrible i ran everything to the washing machine and took a shower to clean up better after wiping off most of it.

Has anyone else ever had to poop yourself like that? or do you just give in and use the toilet when it happens that way? i really didnt think it was all that bad. if i am planning to wet again and have to poop i may do it again but i dont think i would plan to poop and would only do it at home alone so i could wash and shower and all really quick maybe. i dunno.

*010*2011-09-27 19:12

That's cool. glad i'm not the only one to try it or enjoy it a little. if i do it again hopefuly it will be better planned and i can expect it to happen.

Any other girls done it or do it? seems like the only responses have been dudes. :D

*017*2011-10-04 18:11

{{:

I tried that loads of times. Thats how I got in to all this. When I was younger, I was embarresed about pooping at school, but I also always had to poop right in the middle of the day. So I got a really bad habbit, I started holding on to it. I was obsessed with not going at school, and I knew that if I squeezed a drop of pee I would loose a big load, so I always had a huge full bladder when I returned from school. Sometimes I even pooped alittle before I reached my home. All this made me wet my self sometimes when I couldent hold on to it any longer. It was often in the garden or even in the bathroom. When I was wetting, I almost always made alittle poop in my panties, then I could use the toilet afterwards for the rest. It became natural for me to poop too when wetting. Then later it became a fetish. I even still poop my self on purpose sometimes.

}}

Finally another girl! haha

So i tried it again last night. my parents were out and i was home alone with no chance of my bf coming over since he was at work. i needed to poop so i decided why not? so i went to the bathroom, took off my pants this time and turned so my butt was facing my big mirror and pushed. most of my pee just ran down my legs or straight onto the towel but then i got to watch the back of my panties start to tent out and grow as the poop came out and then get bigger as it spread. it was really cool to watch it happen actually, and felt good coming out just like last time. i was rubbing my clit while it came out and had a really nice orgasm after i finished. then i cleaned up and showered and washed the panties in a load of laundry and was back watching tv before my parents got home. :)

So i think maybe i like pooping myself, too, but not as much as wetting and i have no plans to tell my bf that ive now shit myself twice and enjoyed it haha i'll keep that one to myself!

