Public swim trunks wetting

Author: magimax

*000*2011-10-21 23:38

Theres a short story of one experience happened to me this summer

Me and some other friends decided to go at the beach to spend a day in lazyness doing nothing under the sun, I usually dont eat much at breakfast but drink a lot and ofter i dont go at bathroom for my mourning pee as i did that day.

So i started to feel the urge around 10:00 am but I wasnt that desp. so I just hold it. one hour later we went to the water to get a bath all together, as i reached the chilling water the urge became a lot stronger but i was in already and really didnt wanted to pee near all my friend (i tryed to go away a bit but the tought of them nearby was a strong brake). we stayed like 30 mins in water playing some volley and every time i got the ball the pressure remind me that i had to go. at this point i was really desp but finally we went back to the beach to have a cold shower, I waited for all of them to get a shower 'till i was alone (at least alone without ppl that knows me there was plenty of stranger like 3mt from me).

Then the desp was strond and i stared to have a aroused thought: i let it out a bit before going under the shower and the hot feeling contrasted to the cold sea water on my trunks suddenly gave me a boner and for a man is really hard to keep on peeing with it so i enjoyed the feel for a bit then went under the shower. the cold water turned me off quite fast and i realized i had to pee a lot more so i let out under the gush of the shower, even with all the cold water i felt the warm of my own urine running throught my trunks and down my legs it felt amazing and i got the boner back but pushed a bit and let all the pee out, then went in a public bathroom loked it and pleased me till my climax, that came pretty fast and went back to my friends that will never imagine what i just done.

That wasnt calculated, I just rode the weave and the fun that came out was worth it a lot^^

*002*2011-10-23 00:02

{{ 

Haha, interesting story. I don't think I'd have the courage to do something like this in public, let alone go for a wank afterward. I must ask though, was the shower an individual one with a curtain/walls between each stall or was a completely public one?

}}

Public and quite open xD with like 15-20 ppl at less than 10 meters to me and all the beach after them.

