Wetting during sex

Author: Franny

*000*2012-04-04 20:26

First of all, I am bisexual and what I'm gonna describe involves gay sex, so if that turns you off, don't read it. Okay?

I am a (mostly) gay male, very petite for a guy, quite androgynous in appearance I am told. During my life I've had numerous health problems involving urinary functions. Not only was I a bedwetter but I just have a weak bladder and cannot hold urine as long as most people.

This truly bearish man fell for me. At first I didn't respond, as he was so macho and hairy and all, but eventually he persuaded me to come with him. We became lovers, long-term, although he had a rough way about him that I was always trying to smooth down. In bed he sometimes became quite worked up, even more that is normal for such a situation. On one occasion, after I had had a couple of beers, he had me underneath him and was fucking me really really hard. And even though I was totally into this I was at the same time nearly about to pass out, he was just about to split me in half it seemed like.

Then, almost without my even being aware of needing to go, I suddenly was urinating uncontrollably. It went all over me and all over him too. It must have gone on for 15 seconds before I was able to control myself.

I was certain he was gonna shout at me and maybe even get up and leave. It is certainly the case that many lovers would be upset to have someone pee on them, even if it was – as in my case – not something I could control. But LeRoy seemed to hardly even notice, he hardly broke his stride. I remember actually crying and sobbing and apologizing profusely, and he hardly paid attention, he just kept doing what he was doing, fucking me. Nothing was gonna make him stop until he was finished, which pretty soon, he was. His climax was just amazingly loud and athletic and all-encompassing. I thought he was gonna leave me literally broken, but when it was over he just rolled off of me and onto his back, and he lighted a cigaret (I hate it when a person smokes but I wasn't gonna tell him that).

After a couple of minutes he asked me if I'd ever done that before. I was busy with a towel by then, wiping him and me dry. I promised that it had never happened before and that I was gonna do my best to keep it from ever happening again. He just laughed and shrugged. It was ok with him, he said, and if I ever wanted/needed to do it again, he would not be upset. I think that that was almost like saying that he enjoyed it.

