My neighbors

Author: Franny

*000*2012-12-16 22:18

As a kid I lived for a time in a garden apartment, a group of two story buildings around a swimming pool. I was usually alone and would go to the pool by myself to read. Often there would be a group of three siblings there too, one boy and two girls. The girls were both teens and the boy was maybe a couple of years younger. You could tell they were siblings because they all had this curly blond hair, although in other respects they were totally different from each other. Especially the two girls. The older girl was probably 16 and very petite, quite thin and cute, although she looked like she would blow over in a hard breeze. Whereas her younger sister, I am told she was a year younger, was almost an amazon freak. She must have been about 5'10" tall and had lots of weight, not necessarily muscular but very large, fleshy and strong.

The younger girl constantly harassed her older sister. From the brother, who would never have gone against his big sister, I learned that the older sister was extremely frightened of Gretchen. I also learned that Amy still wet the bed. That, of course, what got my attention. As I looked across the pool at Amy, I could see that her bikini fit her somewhat loosely. At one point, when she stood up, I could see up inside her pants. She appeared to have no pubic hair.

Big Gretchen enjoyed being the boss of the three. One day the smaller two took turns riding on G's shoulders all over the pool, except into the deep water. Each of them would carefully climb onto Gretchen and stand on her shoulder, then dive into the deep water. G's hand continually strayed onto Amy's thigh and I saw her tickle Amy's feet several times, which cause the smaller girl to screech and squirm. Hmm, It looked to me as if Gretchen had something of an attraction for her older sister. She never touched Butch, the brother, much at all, even though he too rode on her shoulders in the pool.

At one point Gretchen started to tickle Amy in the ribs. I know I'm skipping some details of exactly how and where it happened here, but it is something I just want to say. Amy was totally no match for Gretchen, she couldn't escape her younger sibling's hold on her. After a while G started chasing Amy around the pool (they and I were the only ones there). When G caught A, she put the smaller girl onto her back on the concrete verge at the side of the pool, and got to tickling A unmercifully again. I distinctly heard Amy squeal out that she was peeing herself.

This made no difference to Gretchen, and as I looked on in disbelief, the tickling caused Amy's soggy bikini pants to get all tightened into a wad around her crotch. Her bare pussy was very much on view now. G even reached down and tweaked Amy's vaginal region, causing a new round of shrieking from poor, abused A.

And then it was over, Gretchen let Amy get up, having finally lost interest in torturing her. I recall that Amy shouted that she hoped Gretchen had enjoyed making her pee herself like that. I found that to be almost amazing that she would say something like that out loud, even though I was sitting down at the other end of the pool. I heard her distinctly.

This is one of the few times I've ever seen a female wet her pants uncontrollably, and since her pants were already wet from having been in the pool, it didn't show, and I hadn't actually been close enough to see the urine escaping from Amy. But it really did happen to her, Butch assured me the next day. He had been looking on also. Amy had gone to the apartment and had cried loudly to their Mom that Gretchen had caused her to have an accident. The Mother, according to Butch, had reprimanded Gretchen, but it had no effect. The larger sister continued harassing Amy.

Now -- I think (not sure here) that Gretchen also made overt sexual advances to Amy inside their apartment whenever their Mother, who worked as a nurse in the evenings, was gone. Again, my source was the little snitch Butch, who was not allowed into the bedroom where these things occurred. What was interesting about his account of the sex was, Amy didn't resist G's advances at all, in fact Amy made loud noises of the type associated with sexual pleasure, not with being tortured at all. Just thought I'd add that last little tidbit.

