My most daring escapade yet. Hot girls, beer, and one full bladder!

Author: satyr

*000*2016-03-02 21:26

I would say I'm 90% into seeing women hold/wet and about 10% into doing it myself—that ten percent mostly because knowing what it feels like allows me to more vividly imagine my fantasies. Every once in a while I get the horny urge to just go full out, break boundaries. Yesterday was one such day. Originally I thought about doing diapers; there's one supermarket near me that sells Goodnites (which I've tried before out of curiosity, so I know I can just about squeeze into them), because there's no way I'm walking into a pharmacy to buy real adult diapers, and the internet doesn't work for spontaneous “I want to do this right now” scenarios.

This store also has a self-checkout lane, allowing me to avoid awkward encounters with employees. Unfortunately, it appears they've stopped selling them. I guess they weren't big sellers. A hold it was, then. I was planning to do laundry anyway, so it wasn't a problem. I live with two roommates, but I just stash the wet clothes in with a bunch of dry ones and quickly carry them to the washer and throw them in, and no one is the wiser.

I last went to the bathroom around 6 or 6:30 PM. If I had known how long it was going to take me to get full, I would have had some more to drink. I don't like to chug lots of liquid at once—it just leaves me nauseous and feeling bloated—but at the same time, if the hold lasts too long, I kind of get tired and just want it to end. It's a precarious balance. I started with half a liter of ice tea, then a half-liter bottle of Sprite. At the beginning, I was hanging out in the “live action” thread, where several other people were doing holds, but they were either drinking more than me or had smaller bladders, because they finished before I even got desperate.

Four hours in, I was still just browsing the web in my room, and I wasn't up to more than 6/10. At this point, I think the other people in the live action thread were done, and I was getting frustrated. I had several large glasses of water to speed up the process. I've never measured my capacity, but I assume I have a fairly large bladder, because it takes forever to fill up when I do a hold, even if I'm downing two liters to start and then top it off later. This gets frustrating, because I'm not a masochist. There's a certain level of excitement to it, but when it starts to get too painful, I just want the release. Like many other people on here, I have a hard time reaching the point of involuntary loss of control without enduring too much pain for too long for it to be fun.

Flash forward to past midnight. It's now been six hours since I peed, and I've had at least two liters of liquid in that time. At this point, I felt like I was approaching an 8/10. My bladder was huge, and my stomach was also distended so much that if I were a girl, I'd look pregnant. I was sitting in bed and my feet were sort of moving around on their own. It was rather painful and distracting, and I was quite scatterbrained. But still things were moving slowly. Despite all the liquid in my belly and all the pee in my bladder, it was another hour and a half before I felt like I was at a 9/10. At this point, every part of my body was telling me to pee. I'd also gotten a bit high and I think that attenuated the pain and dampened the feelings of having to pee, because visually, my bladder was sticking out about as much as it's ever done on a hold.

I mentioned that I got this mischievous impulse, that I wanted to push boundaries. Sitting in my bedroom casually chatting with people on IRC and still not losing control after more than seven hours of holding, and maybe four hours of an uncomfortable need to pee—it simply wasn't exciting enough. It was around 1:30 AM when I decided I wanted to brave going outside. At around 9/10, with the feeling that I might pee myself any moment. I guess I got daring because I know I usually reach a plateau that's really too painful to endure just for some naughty pleasure, where I feel like I might lose it any moment, but I can still hold on if I absolutely have to. Usually at this point I just give up: go in the toilet, let go voluntarily, or try and do some exercises that contort my body such that it puts maximum pressure on my bladder.

My target was an all-night convenience store located around ten minutes away from my house, maybe a little less if you walk at a brisk pace. I was wearing medium-gray jeans, which would certainly show an accident, although I had a winter coat on that just about covered my crotch. It was below freezing outside and there was plenty of ice on the road. I could slip at any moment and if I did, I was sure my control would slip as well. The thought excited me, to be standing on a knife's edge. Out in public, I couldn't grab myself or make my condition obvious. My bladder felt like I was carrying a stone around in my abdomen. Each step sent it bouncing around, begging for release. I lit a cigarette just to have something else to do while walking, to take my mind off my bladder.

“Excuse me?” It was a random guy. This was half past one in the AM, but I live in the middle of a city with ~180,000 people, so there's bound to be some people around even at that hour. I stopped. I really needed to get my mission done with, I didn't have time for this shit. I figured he wanted directions. Nope.

“You wouldn't happen to have a smoke to spare?”

“No, I'm sorry.” Fuck off. I wasn't sorry at all. I don't believe in karma, but I believe in paying it forward. I've bummed plenty of cigarettes in my life, and given out plenty of smokes in return, but I don't stop people who are obviously in a hurry to get somewhere to ask.

I held my head high and pretended everything was okay. It feels so naughty to have this secret. I was about ready to explode. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity but was less than ten minutes, I arrived at the convenience store. It's located right in the middle of the downtown area, where all the bars and clubs are. That's when I got the idea to kick it up a notch. Public desperation is one thing, but how about a drink? I didn't have to get up early in the morning. My favorite bar was literally just around the corner. I decided on a challenge: I would sit down and have one beer, all while desperate, and then go home. It was only twenty minutes until last call anyway. I debated whether I should dare this. I could just buy a drink at the store and challenge myself to drink it all on the way home. No. I was going to really go for it.

I figured there would only be a few people in the bar at this hour on a Tuesday night. It's located in a basement and is an absolute death trap if you ask me; there's only a narrow stairway to get in and out. On weekends, it's packed so full it's hard to move. In case of a fire, everyone's dead. But this was just a weeknight. When I entered, I saw that there was quite a few people around. Most of the area around the bar as well as the seating areas were occupied, although the narrow corridor between them was still free.

I eyed an empty seat and decided it was going to be mine. Just sit there and enjoy one beer, while my bladder screams, and then go home. I got my beer and sat down. At the table next to me, three very attractive girls and one guy were seated. I ignored them. I was in desperation mode, I wasn't there to pick up chicks. I needed to keep my head down and not attract attention, or someone might notice my nervous movements. For the most part, I managed to sit still, but feeling the beer enter my overfull stomach and further push down on my overflowing bladder was torture.

My anonymity wasn't to be. One of the cute girls next to be grabbed my arm and pulled me over. That would certainly up the naughty factor. I now found myself seated at a table with three hot girls. At a 9/10 on the desperation scale. The girl who called me over sat very close to me, she was touching my shoulders; when she spoke, her lips were almost on mine. This beautiful girl was drunk and flirting with me! I consider myself rather average looking, and I wasn't dressed to go out. I was wearing a worn-out sweater and dirty jeans (not that kind of dirty, I noticed some actual dirt had gotten on them). When I go out I usually at least put on a buttoned shirt. I don't get hit on a lot; it's usually the other way around. If I was here to pick up chicks, I would have gotten laid. I cursed the omorashi gods for throwing this at me right now, and not later in the week, when I actually planned to go out and flirt with girls.

As someone on IRC said, “If you're about to get laid, FUCK THE HOLD.” It wasn't my undying devotion to the hold that kept me going. I'm a rather introverted guy, and I need to “gear up” in order to talk to people I don't know in a personal way. (It's not a problem for me to talk to people about business, like at a store, but flirting is a whole other ballgame.) Emptying my bladder wouldn't kick me into fifth gear, which is where I'd need to be to successfully seduce someone. She was making it so easy, too. I knew if I'd had “meet women” in mind when I went there, I could at least have made out with this girl and possibly more. But I didn't and so I couldn't.

So I kept holding. We talked for a little while. She asked where my friends were. I said I was alone, I was just passing by and wanted a drink before heading home. Half true. As I was doing this, I was struggling to keep my legs from crossing. “I think that's cool. Sometimes you just want a beer. Not a lot of people go out alone. But you can meet new people,” she said, and as she said that last bit, she was almost touching my face with hers. That would have been the moment to strike. I knew at that moment I should have put my arm around her and asked her some questions about herself, and we'd be off to the races. But I didn't have it in me.

I go out alone quite a bit, actually. It's great for meeting new people. It's actually harder when you're with a group, because there's this incentive to stay with the group. I've also had a lot more success with women when going out alone. Although many find the idea weird, the people I actually meet have never once reacted like “what a loser, he must have no friends, forever alone.” Let's just say my game wasn't on point last night. I was a bit preoccupied. It felt like my bladder was rapidly occupying parts of my neural networks, like Russia gobbling up Ukraine.

I didn't have anything to follow up with, and the disappointment was palpable in her eyes. In my experience, girls rarely make moves, their way of indicating interest is subtly hinting that they want you, the man, to make a move. This girl wasn't subtle about it at all, and when I failed to capitalize, she was disappointed. Still, it was a confidence boost to know that she wanted me to. If only she knew what I was really doing. I stuck around at their table, but she walked off shortly thereafter, and I was mostly left out of the conversation.

At two minutes before 2:00, I knew it was last call and I should really be going. The urinal had my name written all over and it was calling for me. For some reason, I decided to run to the bar and get another beer before closing. At this point, I don't need to remind you that I'd been holding for almost eight hours, well over two liters of liquid ingested before my first beer, and I was at an uncomfortable 9/10. This was the boldest I'd ever been. There was a real chance I'd piss myself in my favorite bar. If I did, I'd have to find a new place to hang out on weekend nights, because I'd never be able to face the employees again. I don't know them by name, but I've been there enough that they recognize me. The tension!

I got another beer and immediately started on it. Figured better to get it over with. Every gulp was torture. Still, I hadn't leaked at all. I got to talking with one of the other girls, as beautiful as the previous one. Blond and well-proportioned. “So you're here alone? Blah blah blah.” And then she said, “You've got some great girls here. I'm going to call them over.” She was trying to set me up with her friends! Jesus. This is the definition of “getting lucky”. I literally had a pretty girl cheering me on to hook up with her equally pretty friends. I'm never this lucky when I'm alone, I usually have to at least make some token acknowledgment that I'm interested before they jump on me. I mean, like I said, I'm average looking and not that much of a smooth talker.

Meanwhile, I was working on my beer. I now had one leg crossed over my thigh, but otherwise showed no signs of being desperate—I think. I wasn't able to keep any conversation going though, so I quickly finished my beer and said my goodbyes. “Nice to meet you. Maybe I'll see you around, maybe not,” I said. Probably not. Oh, well. Window of opportunity had passed. The next challenge was getting home dry. There weren't many people around, and when I got to a pedestrian crossing, the light went green immediately, as if someone up there were cheering me to make it. Heavy as a rock, my bladder was bouncing at every step, sending dull waves of pain to my brain. I got home, and bending over to untie my shoes nearly did me in, but I persevered. Got into my room and still no leaks. I was a bit disappointed, actually. I could have gotten away with leaking on the way home.

The beers hadn't had time to work their magic yet. It was around fifty minutes since I left. I put a towel on my chair in case of leaks and turned on my computer, jumping into the omorashi IRC again. Now it was truly painful, and I was having to squeeze my crotch through my pants. Still, I was dry. A little while passed, some more beer was converted to urine, and I finally had a leak. I can't tell if it was involuntary or not—and so it felt like it didn't really count. I wanted that feeling of actually losing all control, but it didn't appear to be forthcoming. At this point I was tired, 8+ hours of holding is a little much. I just wanted it to end. Someone suggesting lying down with my legs on my chest. That might do it. I kind of consider it cheating: I wanted to simulate the feeling of losing control despite all my best efforts, and I certainly wouldn't willingly put extra pressure on my bladder if I were out in public and desperate.

I actually can't remember the last time I was desperate around other people. I guess I just have good bathroom habits coupled with a strong bladder. (Cue: pride comes before…) At this point though, the pain had gone from erotic to plain awful, so I put down some towels on the floor and laid down. The extra pressure on my bladder did it. There was no holding back now, and a ten-second stream broke through my boxers and pants. After that, I stood up and finished.

I've never done anything in public before. I've fantasized about being with a girl who's desperate in public, but not doing it myself. It was certainly exciting. I don't see myself doing it again anytime soon. It was that devilish horny spirit that possessed me to do it. A little bummed that I was unable to capitalize on the girls flirting with me—they were really hot and they wanted me to do it. But I would have never gone out on a Tuesday night and met those girls if not for my hold. Can't lose something you never had in the first place, right?

Below is a picture in the midst of wetting, and a video! Very nervous about posting that, but I don't think there's anything personally identifying in the video. (If you do notice something like that, tell me and I'll remove it.) The video file is rather big, but it's downscaled to 720p from 4K, so it's only 10% of the original size.

%wetting.mp4

*003*2016-03-03 22:16

Thanks guys I was super nervous about posting pictures/video of myself, never done anything like that before.

*005*2016-03-04 12:12

Thanks, Rachel. Yeah, it was definitely my bravest hold yet. I was almost disappointed that I made it home, like I could have pushed it even further, but I suppose it's for the best. The possibility of losing control is thrilling, but I don't think I'd like it if it actually happened in public and totally out of my control.

*008*2016-03-09 05:56

{{ 

Hope you don't mind my saying, from what's showing in your video, satyr, those chicks would have been really luck to get with you!

}}

Why, thank you so much!

