Playing Hold-It

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-07-29 15:03

Once upon a time I played hold-it games with my then boyfriend Ben.

It was actually him who suggested we play. Which surprised me because pee was my thing rather than his. But he knew what worked for me and I’m certainly much more amorous if desperation or wetting are involved.

We’d just had dinner sitting at my kitchen counter. “Why don’t we not go to the bathroom this evening?” He suggested casually with a sly smile as he poured a glass of Diet Coke.

I was surprised. We hadn’t talked about doing this, and although we had done some pee stuff in my bed it had just been me wetting myself and “pretending” that I couldn’t help it.

Obviously I agreed immediately. He continued, “We could see who has the stronger bladder. Winner gets to go to the toilet. Loser… doesn’t.” I would have preferred that no one gets to go to the toilet but I didn’t want to spoil the moment by disagreeing in any way. All I had to do to see a guy wet his jeans in sheer desperation was control my own bladder. Easier said than done but I figured I had more experience with being desperate than he did so I had a good chance of outlasting him.

We chatted for a while about something else while drinking the Diet Coke and then went through to another room to watch a movie. Something with Geoffrey Rush I think. I didn’t pay any attention to it at all. I was just so excited. I kept looking a Ben for any signs that he needed a wee. Was he shifting more than usual? Would I get to see him wet himself in the next couple of hours? We kept drinking more Diet Coke during the movie. After a while I started to need to pee. I was worried that Ben wasn’t showing any signs yet, he was just watching the movie. I was climbing the walls, with anticipation mostly.

Eventually the movie finished. “I think we should go to the kitchen.” Ben said. “I don’t want to wet your lounge.” So he did need to pee! Thank goodness because if he was still OK at this point then it was definitely going to be me who wet themself.

We didn’t go straight through to the kitchen. I was pretty amazingly turned on by the situation and a quick kiss turned into a rather extensive make out/grope session. After a while Ben whispered in my ear that we really needed to go through to the kitchen. “Why?” I asked him teasingly, as if I didn’t know, “Are you wetting your pants?”

“Just a little.” His response electrified me. “Really?” My eyes must have been saucers.

I stared at his crotch as we got up but I couldn’t see any wet patch. Once we were safety dancing around on the lino in my kitchen I asked him again, “Did you really wee a bit?”

“You can feel if you want to.” Of course I wanted to! I unzipped his jeans and slipped my hand inside.

Maybe his boxers were very slightly damp, but I’d never have known if I hadn’t been told. He hardened at my touch. I pulled my hand away, I wasn’t going to give him any advantage in holding on.

I had to go really badly myself by this point and bounced and jiggled my legs around constantly. “You look like you are about to wet your pants Katy.” Ben said with a smile. “I am.” I admitted, “But not before you do.” I meant it.

A few minutes later Ben gasped. My eyes zoomed to his crotch, expecting, hoping, to see a growing wet patch. But nothing appeared. He grinned at me, “I thought I was going to lose it completely there.”

“Did you lose it a bit then?” He nodded. I had another feel of his boxers. They were really damp now, definite real leakage. He had to be getting close to losing control, surely.

I don’t know how much longer Ben could have held on though. Maybe he would have just slowly leaked little dribbles indefinitely. Maybe he only had another minute or two in him. I don’t know because I couldn’t hold on. Unlike Ben I don’t leak, not when I’m really busting anyway, so when the first drops escaped into my knickers they were quickly followed by the entire contents of my bladder.

Ben didn’t stick around. I think he might have been out of the kitchen and running for the loo before my wee was even past my knees. I’d been hoping he might have stayed in the kitchen and wet himself with me even though I’d lost control first. I had intended on letting go if he had wet himself first.

I peeled off my soaking jeans and carried them to the laundry in a plastic bag so they wouldn’t drip on the carpet. Ben was out of the toilet by that time and I met him in the hall. One again I was disappointed to see his jeans were dry. I’d had some hope he might have wet himself at least a little on that final run to the toilet.

I had a little consolation surprise when he took off his jeans in my bedroom to reveal his boxers were a bit wetter than they had been earlier. He admitted to leaking a little more before he could get his penis free of his clothes to pee.

We kept our wet underwear on as we went to bed to resolve our excitements.

*005*2015-07-29 21:24

Thanks guys:) Oh I'm absolutely into male desperation. But I haven't got a whole lot of real life stories, unfortunately. Certainly not compared to stories about myself.

*009*2015-07-30 13:14

We did repeat it a couple of times. I did, in fact, not win. :/ We didn't actually stay together all that long in the end, which I might not have been clear enough about in the original post. My husband isn't real keen on hold-it unfortunately. He complains of pain and gets cranky, which isn't really very sexy.

I quite like reading the stories here. :) But in person would be an entirely different thing.

