Dollar drink diasaster

Author: TJC

*000*2015-07-20 02:10

This is a story from a few years ago. Me and my girlfriend at the time, we'll call her Danica we're driving home from visiting her grand parents. Danica was a tall beautiful girl with long brown hair, a medium build, and rather large breasts. her grandparents lived about an hour and a half away. We left her grandparents'' house during the after noon. I was driving, and it was just me and her in the car. We were both a little hungry since we hadn't eaten for a while at her grandparents'' house, so I decided to stop at a McDonald's on our way home.

When we got there it wasn't very busy. We each ordered fries and a large drink, since they had their dollar drink promotion. I got water and she got a large coke. We just sat down, and soon after, she finished her coke. " Damn!" I said astonished. "What kind of hurry are you in?" She laughed. "It's free refills silly, I wanna get the best deal possible." Before I had even touched my food she went to the dispenser and got another drink. While at the restaurant we made small talk with each other, Danica drinking seemingly after every word. After a few minutes we finished and went to through our garbage away. Danica got a second refill. Knowing it as a long trip, I decided to use hit the bathroom, she didn't and said she'd ait for me in the car. When I left the bathroom and went to the car, I saw her soda was empty. I though bout telling her to use the bathroom but then I realised that might sound condescending and I didn't ant to offend her.

We left and were on our way. While driving, we again made small talk and joked around to pass the time. I was thinking to myself about how much soda she'd drank. She'd surely, at the very least feel a little desperate and I was pretty excited. Well my wish had come true because a short while later she had to go. "Hey, would you mind getting off the next exit, I gotta pee?!" I was very aroused at hearing her say this, but I played it cool as not to attract suspicion. "What'd you expect drinking all that pop, I'm surprise you didn't explode."

"Haha, real funny"

"Yeah, ill find a bathroom." I drove, looking for exits, I didn't find any, but after a few minutes, we hit major traffic. There had been an accident, and some of the lanes were closed.

"Oh fuck!" Danica exclaimed. I was getting super aroused by now, thinking of how much liquid must be in her bladder. I again, tried not to make my infatuation obvious "Keep your mind off it." I said trying to encourage her. At first, it wasn't so bad. We talked, and she didn't display too many signs. Traffic was very slow moving, but overall we were moving forward.

After fifteen minutes her desperation worsened. She stopped talking, using all focus to stop her from peeing. She began showing signs of crotch grabbing and leg shaking. She appeared to have a worried expression on her face. I was vey horny, yet at the same time felt very sorry for her discomfort. The traffic showed no sign of picking up. I tried comforting by rubbing her back. " You can do it." I said, being the most motivational thing I could think of in this situation. She gave me an awkward smile.

Danica held on like this until a little while later. Her desperation went to critical levels. She was grabbing her crotch with all her might, shaking her leg violently, and had a look of pain on her face. I could see her flat stomach had a rather large bulge that was her bladder. "Are you ok?" I ask. "I'm gonna fucken pee!" She screams practically crying."

"I'm sorry, but I have to od this." She undid her belt and her button on her shorts. "Oh no worry, whatever makes you comfortable" I tried not to sound like a kid on Christmas. I realized I should find something to protect the seats in case she does pee. At this point I was looking through my car until I found it, a plastic bag. I gave it to Danica. "Here put this on the seat, just in case." She gave me a dirty look but agreed.

A short while later Traffic finally seemed to pick up, and we were finally moving at a good speed. Danica had also reached her limit. "Oh god, I'm gonna pee any second, I already leaked." I realised there was no way she'd make it to a rest stop. "Well," I said nonchalantly. "You won't make it, there's no bathroom for miles, you might as well save yourself the pain and just pee." Danica looked at me hesitantly, and realised I was right, she let loose. First it was coming out little by little, then she completely lost control, and unleashed a torrent. I nearly jizzed at the sight of this. When she was done she let a sigh of relief, which was quickly overcome by a look of embarrassment. "Hey, don't be ashamed I assured her, everyone has accidents, and it'll come out of the car." She smiled. "I guess, I'll tell you one thing though, I'll never drink that much soda again!" We chuckled.

We talked the rest of the way home. About 20 minutes from her place she said she needed to pee again, I said i'd pull over but she said she didn't want to go to a rest stop ad have people see her wet shorts. I drove as fast as I could to her place and we arrived just n time. she got out peed, and changed her clothes. She made me swear not to tell anyone, I made her a deal, she'd help me clean the car and I wouldn't tell. She agreed and we got the smell out. All in all a great trip.

*002*2015-07-21 00:53

Thanks for the comment. And yeah, that's my general sentiment towards real desperation and wetting, especially with people i know. I feel very aroused yet i feel very bad for them and try to help in any way i can.

*005*2015-07-21 03:22

{{ 

Great story, thanks a lot for sharing!

Did she never think about peeing INTO the plastic baggie as a solution of the whole situation?

}}

Neither one of us had that idea. It wouldn't have been that much better a solution though because it was an old bag with quite a few holes in it. It would have leaked, not to mention it would have been a bit awkward carrying around a bag of pee on our trip lol.

*011*2015-07-21 20:28

{{ 

OK, I see! Peeing in a plastic baggie with holes wouldn´t have been a solution at all, that´s for sure! ;-)

Just out of curiosity (as I never had the chance to experience anything like this personally) - the damage from her peeing on the seat and the also in the rest of the car (pee splashing down to the car floor...??) Must have been tremendous. If a desperate adult with a really full bladder empty herself, the amount is huge, as we know... How can you in fact deal with all the damage, how can you ever get the car into a status you could call "clean"....?

}}

Danica did most of the work really. First i put paper towel to soak up as much of the stains as possible. Danica then used her family's steam cleaning vacuum (not sure its exact name) and steam cleaned the seat and floors. I then used a crap load of febreee to ensure the smell was gone.

{{ 

I'm surprised you didn't take the opportunity to let her know about your little secret, she might have played along.

}}

We only dated a few months but never got too serious. I came close too telling about my fetish her but we broke up because her family and her moved away.

*013*2015-07-22 17:47

{{ 

Are you really sure she had no idea at all about your fetish when this story happened...?

To my opinion the whole story indicates that she had at least a kind of "gut feeling" that you would like to see her wet herself (?).

By reading the story I thought that she actually tried to indulge you with what she did! - As in fact she would have had some other options: To ask you to pull over and let her pee (in "worst" case at the roadside on the curbs or just between the opened car doors - that´s possible practically everywhere...) or if she really wanted to pee in the car, she could have simply pulled forward her pants and peed on the car floor (the car would have been wet anyway...), but there was no need to do it in her pants.

Therefore I concluded from her deliberate (!) choice to pee in the car as well as in her pants that she knew (or at least felt) about your fetish and wanted to give you some pleasant sight/experience...?

}}

I doubt she was trying to indulge me. If she'd gone to pee at the side of the road everyone would have seen her, causing her great embarrassment.Of course i could be wrong, but i think she chose to just hold it in and pee her pants cause it was the easiest option.

