I couldn't believe she had to go as bad as she did

Author: Cool bro

*000*2012-04-04 20:15

This is a story i wrote a few years back. Hope you like it.

As I was walking home one day from my bus stop, I noticed that my neighbor seemed like she had to pee. My house is a mile away from the bus stop, and there were no cars to pick us up and take us home that day so we had to walk. I wasn't sure if she really had any desperation, she was doing a great job covering up how desperate she really was. She only crossed her legs for a little while, and then we started to walk down after the cars passed and she realized her mom wasn't going to pick her up. She is in 9th grade. I am in 10th. We started walking down, and all I keep hearing behind me is in a whisper, God i have to pee, god i have to pee, over and over again. We get about 1/2 the way down, and i look back and she's doubled over, thighs together, and thens he starts walking again, I asked if she was ok, she's like, "yea i just rly need too pee."

We just keep walking and about 1/2 way down she keeps squeezing her thighs together and doubling over, and this time she put a hand on her crotch and i waited and i'm like, are you gonna make it, she says i'll be fine. We are about 3/4 the way down, she keeps doubling over each one worse, and worse, she never took her hand off of her crotch. She bends over this one time, and just whispers omg... omg... this is getting rly bad. And we just keep walking as she starts to look rly rly rly desperate her face getting red.

Our houses are coming into view, but she is losing hope, she's just whispering to herself, " I'm not going to make it omg it's so bad." and she breaks into a run ahead of me, but then right before she gets on her grass, she doubles over one last time, takes a few steps and starts just peeing right there trying to hold it both hands on her crotch thighs squeezed together, she must have been there for like 3 minutes as it was coming out. Her tight jeans with a huge stain. She just looks back at me says plz don't tell any1 all embarrassed and runs back inside.

