Little Brother Wet in Rental Car

Author: SammyGirl

*000*2015-09-26 04:48

Well, due to the interest I got in my first post that described how my fetish started, I figured I'd add another childhood memory of mine that helped to solidify my fascination with wetting. Now, before I start, I feel it necessary to say that no I am not into incest, and no I am not attracted to my brother. However, my interest in wetting seems to trump my lack of interest in other things (I also like female wettings as much as male wettings, even though I'm definitely straight). That being said, I hope everyone enjoys this little tidbit from my past as much as I do looking back fondly on it.

My little brother is two years younger than I am. At the time, I was 8 and he was 6 years old. One day, we flew out to visit my grandparents for the holidays, and we picked up a rental car as is my parents' preference when we travel. They like the freedom of being able to drive without relying on someone if they need to. Anyway, before we left the car lot, my parents asked us to go to the restroom for a potty break, since it would be a long drive to my grandparents' house. I went, but my brother refused, because he was scared of public toilets. He hadn't gone on the plane either, and back then I didn't blame him, because even I was scared of THOSE things.

My parents scolded my brother for not going to the bathroom, but they were in a hurry to get going, so they didn't dwell too long. They loaded us kids into the back seat with some "peel and press" picture toys to keep us busy, and we embarked on our hour-long drive to grandma's house.

I kept very busy with the little sticker-toy my parents had given me. It was Sesame Street themed, and it had pictures of all the places in town and all the characters, and you could stick them anywhere! I told my brother made-up stories about the Elmo and company as we drove on, and sometimes he showed me his game too, but as far as I was concerned, mine was way better. He couldn't even stick his on straight. After awhile of playing, though, he got kinda quiet, and he didn't want to play with his stickers anymore. He put his game to the side and just watched me. I noticed him fidgeting in his seat a little bit, but I didn't think anything of it, at least at first.

I put my game down and asked to see his. He let me take it and start rearranging the stickers to make up a new story, and I talked him through it as we went, but more and more he seemed to be losing interest. He kicked his feet and kept looking around uncomfortably.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

He just shook his head, and I went back to playing. However, I became bored and started looking out the window after a bit, and several minutes later, as I was staring at clouds and power lines out my window, I heard my brother whine:

"I have to go potty...."

My mom looked back from the front seat. "Do the potty dance." She said. "It won't be long and we'll be at grandma's."

My brother whimpered, but started bouncing and shifting in his seat, much more obviously than before. Well, now that I was aware of his plight, I was often distracted from looking out the window by his constant squirming. I could tell he was having a hard time of it, especially when I noticed him grabbing himself through his jeans. I watched him struggle, and I felt bad for him, but I also wondered if it was possible that he might have an accident.

A bit later, he squeaked suddenly, and his whine became a little louder. "I really gotta go!" He declared.

But my dad got mad. "Be quiet! I'm driving! Do you want us to get into a crash?"

Mom looked back over the seat at us again. "We're almost there. Just hold it a little longer. You should have gone at the car place."

Ah yes...the dreaded "you should have gone before we left" speech, designed to silence whining children. Well, my brother stopped asking, then, but he started writhing more and more in his seat, arching his back and lifting his bottom up off the cloth now and then, rocking back and forth, moaning and whimpering all the while. He started breathing faster, clutching himself harder.

"I went before we left." I volunteered proudly.

"Be quiet." My dad groused.

"Don't tease your brother." My mom scolded.

But my brother didn't care. He was too busy fighting a losing battle. Still, I felt chastened, and looked out the window once again, trying to ignore the constant movement and noise from the seat beside me. I sat, staring at my own reflection in the glass for quite awhile, when suddenly, I heard a sharp little gasp. I looked over at my brother, and to my surprise, he had stopped moving momentarily. His face was twisted into a pained grimace, and he had both hands in his lap, squeezing for dear life.

Suddenly, he started bouncing wildly, and tears started spilling from his eyes. I wanted to ask him if he was okay, but before I could, I saw him look down at his lap. He stopped moving entirely, and his face went blank. I glanced down at his crotch as a dark spot suddenly spread over the denim of his jeans. I was alarmed, but also strangely thrilled. I had no idea what it was that I felt at the time, but it made me feel good, even if I wasn't sure how or why. The dark spot started to get bigger, the cloth shining as he peed hard into his pants. I heard a gurgling sound, and remained riveted as the urine bubbled up from his pants and started streaming down the sides of his legs. His silence caught my mom's attention, and she looked back when it was already too late.

My brother finished up, and he saw my mom looking back, and maybe it was the look of shock and frustration on her face, or maybe he was embarrassed....I don't really know. But he started crying.

My dad yelled, "What's wrong now?!"

And my mom said irritablly that my brother had an accident. I only vaguely remember the rest of the car ride. I just kept playing the image of the pee spilling out of my brother's pants over and over again in my mind. I felt like I should be disgusted, but I wasn't. It made me somehow happy that he had wet his pants and soaked the seat of the car. I never teased him about it, and I didn't stick around for the cleanup when we got to my grandparents' house. I never said anything about it at all, but I sure thought about it a lot.

