Wetting aftermath sightings from childhood

Author: whetoric

*000*2015-07-19 19:23

I always felt I didn't get to see my fair share of wettings as a kid. The experiences I had was at were few and far between and, soon enough, I was at an age where they just don't seem to happen. I got close to the aftermath of a few though, I'll share the tidbits I remember:

When I was about ten-eleven I would go down to the park on my bike with a lot of unsupervised kids and just play. One day we were playing hide and seek and there was a baseball game going on in the park too. That meant some younger kids came to play with us. They were too young to come to the park on their own but not so young their parents minded them being 100 yards away at the playset. So, there were these two sisters, by my guess like 6 and 8, that came over to play.

I'm not sure all of what went down. All I knew was one moment we were playing and, suddenly, there's this group gathering around the sisters. One kid said that the slide was all wet because the older sister peed down it. At first she admitted it, saying it didn't matter, and the younger sister admitted she'd done it too. We egged the older one on to prove it and, finally, she flashed us her panties but it was so fast that no one saw a thing. No one could verify for sure that she'd actually done it.

The older girl was wearing leopard print tights so it was hard to tell if she really peed or not. But the other kids swore she had. We did the standard ripping on her thing (I mean, she was eight) but she just wanted to get back to playing hide and seek. Finally, to get rid of our interest, she said she'd just poured water on herself from the faucet, and demonstrated by going over and splashing more water on her crotch (which, in hindsight, was probably to try and hide the stain/smell from her parents).

Didn't work though, we wouldn't let it go, so she went back to her parents and, a few minutes later, they were stomping over like we'd all done something wrong. No one ever found out what she told her parents because all of us booked it out of there before she could arrive. Somehow I think, even then, we all knew it was "naughty" to be obsessing over some girl's pants-peeing but being 9-11 year old boys, we couldn't help it.

Another time, this girl who was a year below me (3rd grade when I was in 4th) peed herself during recess. I found out because, at daycare after school, she was wearing different pants. I bugged her about it and we knew each other okay so finally she explained that she had scared her friend on the way to the bathroom and her friend had an accident. The girl was so upset that the girl I knew peed herself so her friend wouldn't feel as bad. Normally that'd be an excuse but I knew this girl and she had a weird way of doing things, I can never be sure but I believed the events the way she told me.

