More Boy Scouts in Wet Pants

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-12-01 03:52

In response to the request to tell about the half dozen or so Boy Scout wetting accidents I have seen, I offer these examples, which I hope you enjoy.

One night I had gotten up and walked to the latrine to pee. I took my flashlight, but the battery was weak, and the light dimmed to darkness on the way back. The distance was about fifty yards, but I could see the Scout Master's lantern which he kept burning all night, so no problem.

Unbeknownst to me, another boy had set out on the same mission as myself, and he was coming the other way on the path. Having no flashlight and walking away from the light of the Scout Master's lantern, he was picking his way along the path, watching the ground and trying to stay on the trail.

Rounding the corner of the mess shelter we literally ran into each other. We both screamed. Having just drained the radiator, I only wet a little in my underpants – not enough to show. But the other boy, with a full bladder, peeped all over himself. I didn't know how bad he had peeped until the next morning when I saw his pajama bottoms and underpants hanging on the porch rail of the next cabin. He must have peeped a gallon.

Unfortunately the boy was named Peter, so he immediately became Peter Pee Pants. He had trouble laughing with us about his accident, but we had no trouble laughing at all.

Another time we were playing the game Psychiatrist around the campfire. This was a rite of initiation in our troop, and all of us older boys had been through it.

The game goes like this. There's a folding chair on cinder blocks with a blanket draped over it. Unseen by the victim is a boy under the blanket, on his back, with his head under the chair

A new boy is told he seems nervous, and needs to be interviewed by the Troop psychiatrist. Of course he doesn't, but is finally persuaded. An older boy is the Psychiatrist. He questions the new boy about his nervousness. Every time he asks the new boy why he is so nervous, the new boy denies that he is. That's when the boy under the blanket sticks him in the bottom with a pin. Naturally he jumps. This pattern is repeated – often a minute or more – until the new boy figures out that he's been had.

This one new boy had just joined the troop, and had been instructed in all the need-to-know information for his first camping trip – such as Watch out for bears at night (there weren't any bears), don't step on a raddle snake (there are no rattlers in cold weather), watch out for wasps in the latrine (one boy had been stung on his bottom several times that summer, but there are no wasps in winter), etc.

This boy was really taking it all in, and probably wondered if he would live through the weekend. After several sticks in the bottom, he lost it. He screamed, covered his face with his hands, and hid his face in his lap. Then he peeped. The boy under the blanket yelped and jumped up, upsetting the chair and spilling the new boy on the ground. There the older boy stood, his hair and face dripping peepee, while the other boy lay on the ground in fetal position, peepee stains spreading over his pants.

Everyone was laughing his head off. Then the boy who got peeped on started laughing, and finally even the poor boy with soaking peepee pants laughed, and he became one of the tribe.

I have some more stories, but it's bedtime, so I shall adjourn. Later.

