Wet myself at school

Author: Lighter

*000*2014-02-06 22:31

This was an incident that happened when I was about 7, and led to several other incidents of wetting. I recall every single detail of each one like it was yesterday.

Basically, it started one morning sitting in class and I needed to pee. Badly. I was trying to focus on doing my maths workbook, but the pressure was building quite rapidly in my bladder and every so often I would put my right hand between my legs and squeeze my penis for comfort. My legs were squeezed together, jittery and squirming in my seat as the urge to go got stronger and stronger. I tried to not make it obvious so consciously stopped squirming but the urge got worse and worse until it felt like the tip of my penis was about to explode. I could feel all the pee in my bladder build up and build up, the pressure got stronger and stronger until I felt some pee leave my bladder and work its way down my penis.

Quick as a flash I knew I was in trouble, and grabbed my penis and clamped it shut, but the trickle kept building up. I had clamped my foreskin shut but the wee just made the tip of my penis swell up, and it hurt. It really hurt. I released my grip and allowed it to squirt in to my pants, whilst trying to hold my bladder. I managed to hold it but the pee that leaked out I felt it wet my pants and a warm wet feeling spread down the front, over my penis and the pants around my scrotum. A second even stronger urge hit me, and I tried to fight it back but grimaced as another squirt of pee leaked in to my pants. I remember, sitting in that position made my penis point straight up towards my belly button, and being a kid well, it wasn't long enough to point down.

So when that second and third massive urge hit, I felt it dribble down my penis, down the side of my scrotum and start to form a wet spot on my bottom. I could feel a wet patch on the front of my trousers where I was grabbing myself and managed to regain some control. The girl on the seat next to me saw the wet patch and told teacher. 'He's wet himself' she said and the teacher swooped over to check. I still hadn't asked to go to the toilet, and she was cross. I hadn't done it all, just a few squirts but it was enough, she asked me if I had wet myself and I said no. I was bursting, it was so painful and only a bit had leaked in my pants. She pulled my hand away from my crotch and saw the wet spot, and was furious I had lied. The next bit I recall so vividly. She grabbed my left arm and dragged me out of the seat, saying something about lying.

As soon as I was yanked up, gravity gave the wee in my bladder enough force to make my sphincter fail. I felt it like my bladder had just dropped out of my penis. I was hanging there, teacher grabbing my arm, swinging in the air whilst trying to grab my penis with the right hand. I felt the wee shoot out of my penis with such a hiss, and I placed my hand over my privates to hide the wet patch. My pants soaked in seconds, and as I looked down at the floor I could feel it gushing in my pants with a warm, wet spread across my front, tickling my scrotum and down my legs, huge long dark streaks forming down the legs of my trousers. The class were laughing and pointing, and I just let go. I peed. I peed and peed in front of the class, and I watched it come out of the side of my trouser leg, over my shoe and form a puddle on the floor. Holding on for so long drastically weakened my bladder, cos a few days later, it happened again.

I had drunk a can of cola in the playground, and went inside for the lesson. I didn't need to pee, but after 5 minutes, I did. Class rules were go to the toilet at break or 5 mins after break, and then you had to hold it unless it was an emergency, then u got permission 10 minutes before end of lesson. That rule caught a few people out, and today it was my turn. That cola went straight through me, and my bladder just got overstretched. I put my hand up and asked to go to the toilet and the teacher said no, if it was an emergency then 10 minutes before the end of the lesson I could go. My friend sat next to me asked if I was ok, and I said no, I need to wee and it was an emergency, but the class was rowdy and the teacher did not notice my pleas for help. Yet again, I was forced to pinch my penis shut through my blue y fronts and trousers. It gave some relief, but not enough.

My friend was worried and asked again if I was ok and I said I needed to go badly. I pinched my penis again, this time trying to squeeze the shaft shut and not just the tip, if and when I wet myself I didn't want my foreskin ballooning out like that and causing that much pain. I had to readjust and I slid my hand down my pants and squeezed my penis; right at that moment my bladder gave way. I quickly covered my groin with my right hand and tried to squeeze with my left but it was no good. I have no idea why, possibly just to confirm what was happeneing but I rested a finger on the tip of my penis, just on the foreskin, to detect the first few drops. I guess I needed to be sure I was really wetting myself. I urinated in one long, constant stream, for about 10 seconds, left hand in my pants holding my penis, one finger on my foreskin to be sure I really was wetting myself, right hand covering my crotch and trying to hide the wet patch on my trousers.

I could see the pee trickle through my fingers and start to form a puddle on the chair, between my legs. The thing is, still with hand in pants, and I recollect this with such clarity, I didn't try to hold it back. I just let it go. But, and here's the bit I have never shared with anyone, EVER - was as I started to finish urinating in my pants, I forced the last bits out. After I had finished urinating, I did it twice. I had stopped urinating, and then forced out another large squirt, and finished with a small dribble. And sat there for another 15 or 20 minutes, one hand on my crotch, the other still in my pants holding my penis, not wanting to move with the sheer shame and embarrassment of having wet my pants. Boys my age just didn't wet themselves, that was for the infants class.

At the end of the lesson, the teacher said it was lunchtime and mercifully the class just got up and ran out the door. I stayed sitting in my puddle. My friend said 'you can go to the toilet now', weren't you desperate' and I said I was, but I wasn't now. 'Why not?' he asked. I slid my hand out of my pants, quickly undid the top of my trousers and opened them, showing my bright blue pants with a massive wet patch all over the front. 'I've wet myself. I couldn't hold it, I tried to, look- ' and I quickly puled down the front of my pants and showed him how I had held my penis.

'Don't worry' he said, 'I always carry a spare pair in my PE kit. Do you need to wee any more?' I didn't know. 'Doesn't matter' I said. 'I think so....' Still with left hand in pants, I quickly pulled the front of my pants down with my right hand to reveal my privates, pointed my penis up and squirted a little more wee over my pubic region (except I didn't know it was called the pubic region, it was the bit between my penis and my pants line around my waist).

'That's all of it' I said. My friend asked why I had forced more wee in my pants, and well, I was wet already, no point in being coy about it. He knew I'd wet myself. He grabbed some paper towels from the art area and wiped my seat, and said go to the toilets and meet me there. When everyone had gone to the main hall for lunch, he and I hid in the toilets and he helped me out. I had managed not to wet my shirt, so I took my shoes off, pulled down my trousers and then pulled down my pants. He gave me some damp tissues to wipe the wee off my skin, and he was gracious enough to wipe my legs for me, before I put on the dry pants. We ran the crotch of my trousers under the hot water tap until it was boiling water conimg out, and the hot water evaporated on the radiators after about 20 minutes so I didn't spend the rest of the day smelling like I had wet myself.

He was my best friend all throughout school, and we relied on each other. When either he or I were caught short or wet our pants, the other one was there to help and sort it out. Loads of stories I have to share, some quite explicit. Such as the time I was 15 and bursting to pee on a coach trip, he shoved his hand down my pants and grabbed my penis shut, and told me to pull trousers and pants over my ass, he then cupped his hand over my foreskin and penis, and directed the flow over my pubic hair and down the side of my scrotum. The following year he told me he was gay, and pants wetting turned him on. Ever since this day when I was 7 and he helped me out, he had known. And he really loved me. I said I wasn't that way inclined, and whilst I adored him there wouldn't be much, if any sex. But I kissed him all the same and told him it would be ok.

2 weeks later he hung himself.

Suddenly, the day I peed my pants in front of the class was no longer the worst day of my life. Give nothing but love, appreciation and respect to all those you know, and all those you don't.

I needed to share this, I don't know why. I know there are people out there in cyberspace who find stories like this sexually gratifying, and I'm ok with that. Others will be disgusted, and I'm ok with that as well. Some people might think I have been too graphic, or not graphic enough. Do you know what? I'm ok with that as well. If you want more information, I'll provide it. Because I'll never have a friend like him, and 19 years later I still blame myself for him taking his life, because maybe I wasn't as accepting as I should have been.

