Childhood memory. Peeing in a bottle while in hospital and spilling it.

Author: Barry

*000*2016-11-19 00:53

Another post on the Omorashi forum about peeing in bottles triggered this memory. It's not really an "Omo" experience, more a wetting one, so I thought it was more appropriate here than on that thread.

When I was about 9-10, I became ill with a gastro type virus. It actually happened during our grade 4 camp, and I spent the last night throwing up.

I was still ill for a few days when I got home, with a bad case of the runs and lots of vomiting. I pooped myself while diapered a couple of times, once while vomiting and once while I was asleep. I wore diapers for bed wetting so it wasn't a big deal, and I've posted those stories before so I won't rehash them again. But it did lead to an incident in hospital that I'd all but forgotten about until I read the "peeing in a bottle" thread.

After a few days of vomiting and diahreea I was becoming dehydrated, so our doctor put me in hospital. Now as a diaper wearing bed wetter at 9, this of course terrified me. I remember (vaguely) an intensely embarrassing discussion between my mother and the admissions nurse about my bed wetting, and being told that I wouldn't be diapered while in hospital, but if I had an accident it didn't matter, and they would just change my sheets.

Back then, in the seventies in Australia, pull ups or Goodnites weren't really a thing, and as I've said before, I wore either thick cloth training pants with plastic panties or an actual large size disposable nappy too bed. I wasn't a regular nightly wetter, or a heavy one, it's just that maybe 3-4 nights a week I wouldn't quite wake up in time before I started leaking, and I'd wake up as I started dribbling, then have to run to the toilet. The training pants combo contained this very well, but on Friday and Saturday nights I'd wear the actual diaper instead, because I'd stay up late and be more tired and likely to completely wet myself without waking up at all. The same as being sick. I'd wear the proper diaper just in case I couldn't get up in time.

I didn't know what would be worse. Being diapered at that age by a stranger, or wetting the bed while in a ward with other kids. I wanted to wear the training pants, but for some reason the nurses would rather I didn't, and said I'd be given a bottle or a bedpan to use in an emergency.

So im sent to the ward, put my pyjamas on, and immediately put on a drip to re-hydrate myself again. I was told that I couldn't get out of bed for any reason because of the drip. I was scared because I wasn't diapered, although I didn't really want to be in front of the other child patients, but now I was trapped in a bed that I couldn't get out of as well!

This of course made me extremely nervous about what might happen, and so after awhile my nervousness about peeing actually made me need to pee. A viscious cycle.

My parents told me that I'd have to pee in the bottle provided. This was like a plastic pouring jug, with a slightly angled wide mouth on it, designed to be peed into by a male who is laying down but propped up in bed.

A big part of the necessity of using the bottle was the fact that they wanted a urine sample to run some tests on, and I was told I'd need to provide a stool sample as well the next time I needed to poop.

I tried to convince them to let me go to the toilet which was only like 10 feet away, or even put me in a nappy, but they refused, insisting that I use the bottle.

Dad drew the curtains around the bed to give me the necessary privacy, and mum pulled back the covers and took my pyjama pants off. I was only 9, and was used to being seen naked by my folks, so I had absolutely no embarrassment about this at all. However, I was extremely embarrassed about having to pee in the bottle while they watched. But because of the drip in my arm, I needed mums help to hold the damn thing in place as I sort of positioned myself in the bed in a comfortable enough way to go.

It felt so wrong. I had been wetting the bed my whole life, and I hated it. Now, here I was, laying on top of a bed, wide awake, with no pants on, and trying to deliberately empty my bladder into a bottle that my mother was holding between my legs.

Talk about stage fright!

I just couldn't go! I really needed to, and my body was crying out for relief, but I just couldn't! Again, I pleaded to use the toilet instead but was refused. My parents left the curtains drawn around my bed, and left my pants off, pulling the sheets over me for privacy instead, waiting for me to try again.

The nurse came back to collect the bottle, and when mum informed her that I hadn't gone yet, she said I'd better hurry if I wanted mum to be the one helping me instead of a nurse, as visiting hours were nearly over and my folks would have to leave soon.

This of course upset me even more, and I started to cry.

Mum, knowing that by now I was busting, was worried that I'd wet myself while I cried, so she immediately pulled the sheets back while the nurse was still there, and positioned the bottle back between my legs again. The drip was hanging on the left side and going into my left arm, and mum was on my right side, so while she's holding the bottle, I'm crying and trying to point myself down into the bottle at the same time with my right hand. Very awkward to say the least!

But as I sobbed away, I could feel myself losing control, and soon the dam burst, and I lay there crying and peeing safely into the bottle at the same time. I could feel it getting warmer between my legs as it filled up, all the while with my mum speaking encouragingly to me.

It all went well with no incident, until I'd finally finished.

The relief was incredible. I'd managed to go with my mum helping me instead of a stranger, and I hadn't made a mess. Suddenly, I was a lot calmer, and my tears had stopped flowing around the same time as my urine did.

But then, disaster struck.

Mum went to pull the bottle back at the same time I tried to remove my little boyhood from the tip, and I bumped her hand as she held the bottle back, still at an angle. It tipped, and urine spilled from the top of it, all over my legs and penis, and across the bed as well!

The nurse didn't seem too concerned. She took the bottle which still had heaps in it, and left, sending a junior nurse in to wash me and change the sheets.

I had to get out of bed and stand beside it while she did this, and I remember getting quite indignant about the whole thing, and wanting to know why I was suddenly allowed to get out of bed and stand up, but had to lay down to pee! The nurse said I could've stood up and peed into the bottle beside the bed instead of laying down, so long as I didn't pull the drip out!

After the sheets were changed and visiting hours were over, the boy in the bed opposite me asked me if I'd wet the bed. I explained to him what had happened, not expecting him to believe me and thinking that he'd tease me, but he accepted my story with no problems at all, and we didn't mention it again.

My drip was taken out later, and I needed to poop. I summoned a nurse, who put me on a bedpan. But there was no way that I could poop while laying down in bed. They needed a sample however, but it wasn't a problem. They simply fitted the bedpan over the toilet, and I was allowed to get out of bed to sit on it.

I was in hospital for two nights, and thankfully never wet the bed whilst I was in there. During the night, twice a night, a nurse would come in and either take my temperature or give me medication, and help me stand up and pee in the bottle or take me to the toilet. I was allowed to go to the toilet if I needed to poop, so long as I called for a nurse first.

So that was my embarrassing story of peeing in a bottle in front of my folks and still ending up with a wet bed!

