Challenging myself

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2012-06-23 12:40

I have been a member for a while here now, so I thought I should start with sharing some of my own experiences. This is a story about one of the very close calls I had during my school days.

During my school days I always drank a lot during break time, but I never went to the bathroom at school. I simply didn’t (and still don’t) like to use public lavatories. I always hold it until I get home, except when I have no other choice of course. Anyway, sometimes I liked to drink so much that I was close to my bursting point. The challenge was to make it home without peeing my pants. Mostly I made it home, but this one time I didn’t have a choice but go during class.

I am the kind of girl that is too shy to ask to be excused for a moment. As a kid I didn’t like to ask such things and I still don’t. I am just too scared to be laughed at or denied I guess. Anyway, it was on a Thursday and I had been drinking a lot. In the morning I only went to the loo once at home and then I had to wait all day long before I got home again.

However, this time it was shortly after break and I was in class. I had felt the need to pee all day, but I didn’t stop drinking during break time. After break time I still had two periods to go. Soon during that first period my bladder started to hurt terribly and I couldn’t sit still anymore. My legs were crossed and I hoped class would end soon. But even if class would end soon it didn’t matter, because I still had one other period to go. I already felt sorry for all the drinks I had.

With still twenty minutes to go I knew I was finished. I had to get up or I would leak. Luckily the teacher was distracted, so I quickly got up and left the classroom. She didn’t notice. Sadly enough I bumped into another teacher in the hallway. Thankfully she let me go after some small talk. When I finally sat on the toilet I couldn’t quite get started. My bladder just couldn’t relax. When I finally started to relieve myself, I peed for about two minutes. My bladder was very painful, but the relieve was fantastic. When I went back to class, the teacher still didn’t notice me – I got away with it.

I didn’t challenge myself for a while after that incident, too scared of ending up in class with a teacher whom I would have to ask for permission.

*002*2012-06-23 14:31

True, but a lot more exciting as well! I like to get myself in 'real' desperation situations... :)

*007*2012-06-24 07:26

{{:

How do you challenge yourself now?

}}

Well, other things I like to do are, like, after going to the cinema for example, simply head home by car without using the loo first. You can guess that I always drink a huge coke during the movie... ;) Or I will go for a walk with a very full bladder and see how long I can handle it before I dash home. I peed my pants once while doing that - but that's a story for another time.

*009*2012-06-25 09:22

Alright, here’s the story about that one time I wet myself after challenging myself.

It was on an evening and my parents were out for dinner. I knew they would stay away for a while, so I decided to have some fun. I drank lots of water, but got bored soon. This wasn’t challenging at all. With a toilet in sight there was no fun at all. So, I decided to go for a walk. I made sure though not to walk too far – because if it went wrong, I had to get inside as soon as possible again.

So, I walked around for a while, but nothing happened. I did need to pee, but my bladder wasn’t protesting just yet. As I was only one block away from where I lived, I figured ‘what the hell’. I pushed a bit and a small spurt came out, making my underwear a bit damp. I was wearing somewhat baggy trousers, so even if my underwear got more then a bit damp, people probably wouldn’t notice. I kept walking and soon a second, longer spurt came out. I could feel a bit of wee running down the leg of my boxer.

Because I was a bit scared to get caught, I kept checking my pants for wet spots, but luckily nobody could see what I had just done. I quickly went home. While unlocking the door I felt more pee escape and I quickly hurried inside. I could feel my pants getting wet now. I then rushed to the bathroom, because I didn’t want to make a mess. Once I got there I completely soaked myself. My pee went everywhere and I was glad I hadn’t lost control in the streets. After that I took a shower with my clothes still on.

It was quite enjoyable! To be honest I wish I had the balls to do such things during my school days, but the risk was just too big. It’s always been a fantasy of mine to get caught short by one of my sexy teachers from high school – sadly enough there are also other students and when I would’ve got caught short by them, I wouldn’t have enjoyed it as much.

*011*2012-06-27 08:54

True. It's a nice game. ;)

