The night I flooded the bed

Author: Hopeful

*000*2015-02-21 01:47

So this is a story about something that happened back when I was in middle school, so I suppose I was 14-15 years old. I've been feeling a bit uncertain if I wanted to post it here. It's a long time since I told this story last time, and that was at a completely different forum. I suppose the fact that I've already told it means I'm for some reason more reluctant now, but here goes :) .

I had been into wetting from a young age, and I loved both deliberately getting myself desperate and peeing in my panties, pants and even my bed. I don't remember how "active" I was at this age, but either way, one evening, at about five o' clock, I was at the family computer and felt a real urge to pee, and I decided to challenge myself: I would hold until midnight, and then if I hadn't peed myself, I would go to the bathroom and let it out. I don't remember what I did the rest of the evening, but by bedtime I really had to pee. I remember that I had undressed down to my boxers, which I remember being dark blue. Since I really, really had to go, as I was lying in bed I leaked some in my boxers, probably partly deliberately , so I decided to take them off to avoid any further "damage" to them.

So I'm lying naked in bed, squirming and holding myself to keep from peeing. At about 10 I'm really desperate, at the point where you try to distract yourself but can't. I'd pick up a book from the bedstand and try to read it, but I just couldn't take in the words, all I could think about was my full bladder. I remember my penis being really, really stiff because I was so desperate, and I remember that I really, really had to go.

Several times I would go into the bathroom (my parents' bedroom and bathroom were on a different floor) and lie down on the bathroom floor, and I think I actually tried to fall asleep in there, too. I guess it was in case I'd have an accident, but I ended up going back to my bed every time. Usually when desperate I'd leak deliberately just because peeing/wetting is such a good feeling, but this night I don't think I did, I just focused on holding it in.

Then, at 11:45, with just 15 minutes to go, it happened. It's funny, because there was no warning, one moment I'm holding it, the next I'm just peeing full force. I was lying on my side and it hit the bed with such force it made a drumming sound. I'll never forget that sound. I knew I could stop if I wanted to, but I also knew it'd hurt really badly, so I just let it flow, soaking my bed and probably myself with my pee until my blader was empty. I remember feeling that I had to pee again a short while after my accident as I was still lying in bed, and I actuallythink I just let that too go as I was lying there.

I had peed my bed deliberately several times before, but this one was different. My parents actually had to throw the whole bed out (it didn't really have a removable mattress, the "mattress" was part of the bed, if you understand what I mean), but they didn't give me trouble for it or anything, they were probably sure it was an accident. But I remember being embarrassed, of course, and I love the irony of being only 15 minutes away from relief when the dam burst. A couple years later in high school I would see a girl pee on herself in class

, making a star-shaped wet spot on the front of her jeans, and I always imagined the same thing happened to her: she just suddenly let go completely, and it just hit her undies, if she wore any, and jeans with full force.

So anyways, I was embarrassed back then, and still slightly today, thinking about this, but I'm sort of glad it happened too because it was a memory for life :) .

*002*2015-02-21 14:52

Thank you :)

*004*2015-02-23 23:32

Thank you :) !

