Desperate Debbie

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-02-03 14:58

My ex-wife used to frequently hold her pee until she was desperate and beyond . This is the first installment in a series I plan to post about her stories.Comments are welcome.

I usually talk about my pee holding, however years ago life was good because my girlfriend who became my wife always held her pee often to the last minute and beyond. She said she was not into pee holding as a sexual thing but I have always wondered as some of the stories I will tell will show .She did however sometimes humor me.

The first time I remember her being desperate was when we were in High School.

Neither of us went during school so by 5:00PM our bladders were usually full.

This one day however she was particularly fidgety and began sneaking her hand to her crouch when she thought I didn’t see. Eventually she announced she had to pee real bad and was about to pee her pants, and took off towards the bathroom undoing her blue pants on the way. I followed her through the kitchen, and asked if I could watch. I had never seen a girl pee and the idea was very exciting.

She said “NO!” and would I please let her go before she wet her pants. Suddenly she screwed up her face and inhaled sharply. Meanwhile she plunged her hand inside her pants and grabbing her crouch tightly and crossing her legs. She said “OH Please!” I gave in and said ok just go, hoping for better luck next time.

It turns out she had wet her panties , just enough to relieve the pressure but not enough to show, and she decided not to go. About ½ hour later she, as usual, walked me half way home, about a 10 minute walk. WE parted in a wooded area behind a factory. Once again she became franticly desperate to pee holding herself and doing the pee-pee dance. I kept trying to delay her, suggesting she pee in the woods. She wouldn’t do that. Luckily for me it was winter and my long heavy coat covered my huge hard on, although I would soon tell her of my fetish.

Suddenly she gave me one last kiss goodbye and took off running, bent forward, and her hand grabbing her pussy .That was the last I saw of her that day, but we talked on the phone later and I asked her how she managed. She said she got up the road a ways and her pee started gushing out. She stopped and crossed her legs staunching the flow temporally, but not until there was a big wet spot in her crouch and down her upper inner thigh. She proceeded running as before, but about a block from her home another wave of unstoppable pee hit, this time wetting her pants almost to her knees. She again stopped and gained control. She proceeded the rest of the way home but as she was unlocking the door she lost control completely, hot pee running all the way down her legs and puddling on the porch. She went inside to the bathroom but her bladder, having last peed 10 hours ago was almost completely empty.

How I wish I could have seen her pants completely soaked from top to bottom. I can’t help but wonder if I could have kept her with me a few more minutes longer and witness her wetting . But it was still relatively early in our relationship and I hoped my time would come furthermore she retold the story in such detail that I can still remember it after all these years and sometimes imagine it as I masturbate . Once I told her of my fetish she would tell me pee stories, some I saw or we created. I would rub off on her leg and come all over her pussy. Sadly we divorced years ago but I still sometimes use her stories to rub one off.

*003*2013-02-06 17:19

DESPERATE DEBBIE PART2

Years ago, my then wife used to go camping and go for some hikes while there. One sunny day we decided to hike up one of the tamer peaks in the Adirondack Mountains that offered a great view. The mountain was about 15 miles from our campsite. As we drove there, my morning tea was rapidly working its way through to my bladder. We spotted a great deal on campfire wood so we loaded up the trunk. Upon parking the car, before heading out on our hike I needed to pee quite badly so I found a secluded spot and peed. 

I asked Debbie (my ex-wife’s name) if she wished to do likewise, she declined. As inexperienced hikers, it took us about 2.5 hours to reach the summit. We had a picnic lunch up there. I planned to spend some time walking around enjoying the gorgeous view. However shortly after we ate Deb said we had to head back down because she needed to pee badly. I tried repeatedly to get her to go behind some bushes, partly because I wanted to hang out up top for a while and partly because I found the idea of her peeing outside sexy.

I reminded her it will take us over 2 hours to hike back down and another half hour to drive back to camp, as there were no facilities on the mountain. She would not relent however, so we started back down. She knew of my pee fetish, so I decided to have some fun on the hike down. Every little while I would ask her for an update. Before we were half way down, she had to pee very badly.

A short time later her bladder, pussy area, and pee hole all hurt. Although she was determined to show no outward desperation, she soon said it felt like her pee was going to come out. We still had about 45 minutes hiking left plus the car ride back to camp, so again suggested she go behind a bush. There was occasionally other people passing by, many I am sure who had also needed to answer the call of nature, and we could go well off the trail, with me standing guard. Nevertheless, she refused to go.

I asked what if it starts to come out; and her response was I guess I will wet my pants, hopefully just a little. She’d rather face the humiliation of wet pants than go behind the bushes. We arrived back at the car, and she was relieved that she only faced the ride back to camp. That was not to be, since we discovered the car had a flat tire. I had to remove the trunk full of wood we had loaded up on to get to the spare, then change the tire, another half hour job. She went to sit on a log to wait so she could hold her pee better than if she was standing. By this time, she was very desperate and no longer able to hide it. She sat with her legs squeezed tightly together. Thirsty from our long hike she risked a drink from our canteen of water a bad idea.

I kept watching her as I worked and she soon was holding her pussy tightly with both hands and rapidly opening and closing her legs back and forth. I was sure I was about to see her wet her pants, but she hung on until the repair was made and the wood was loaded back in the trunk. I did this myself, because she said it felt like her pee would come out if she stood up for long. As we drove, back to camp we passed a gas station and she asked me to stop and see if they had a restroom. Having gone this far I was not going to let her waste her pee going that way, so I told her they did not have public facilities. She said well if you don’t ask it’s your fault if you have a wet car seat. It was vinyl so I did not care; in fact, I looked forward to it.

During the half hour ride back to camp, she alternately crossed and uncrossed her legs, firmly gripping her pussy with her hand, and squirming her legs back and forth. She frequently changed her position trying desperately to relieve the pain and not wet her pants. Of course, I did not help matters by repeatedly asking how she was doing. I am still dry, but I doubt I’ll make it back to camp was the reply. The area was wilderness, but she declined my offers to stop so she could pee on the roadside. Finally we arrived back at camp and I deliberately drove past the restrooms. She would have to walk back 5 minutes, pee in the woods or wet her pants. I knew a walk back was not going to happen.

Our site was at the far back end of the campground, with nothing behind us but a vast woods. She got out of the car grabbing her crouch, bending over, and with a sharp inhale of breath said, “I am going to pee my pants. Having stood up and gravity doing its work she realized that she would never make it back to the restrooms. Therefore, she dashed behind the tent had quickly pulled down her pants. She was already peeing hard before she squatted down I squatted down for a nice up close view of her, for the first time in her life peeing outdoors. If that was not arousing enough, I checked her panties and found the crotch was wet, and there was a nice corresponding dark spot in her jeans. Deb said she started to leak soon after she got out of the car. Therefore, I got it all, her desperation, some wetting, even if not a total soaking and peeing her peeing in the woods. She looked at my crotch noticing the large bulge, and said you liked that didn’t you. Hell yea I did.

*004*2013-02-18 17:05

Desperate Debbie Part 3 A Big And The Best Deliberate Wetting

These stories about my ex-wife Debbie are not told in any particular chronological order, but rather as they come to me.

Although Debbie frequently held her pee until the last minute, and sometimes wet her pants, most were panties or perhaps crotch of her pants accidents her lone exception, in the time I knew her was the spectacular full wetting I described above.

I had long hoped to witness such complete soaking. Although she did indulge me in various ways up until this point , even if she held her pee she could only wet her crotch and part way down her inner thigh.

On this particular day she agreed to hold her pee until she had an accident. This was a long time ago and, I don’t remember how long she had been holding it. At around 5PM, while preparing dinner, she said she had to go bad, briefly holding her crouch. I asked her to try to hold it, what is the worst that could happen. At the time our daughter was about 2 and had to be fed, bathed, and put to bed. By the time dinner was ready and all that accomplished it was 2 hours later, 7PM. She had been crossing her legs and occasionally holding herself the whole time, but trying not to show much desperation in front of our daughter.

Once our daughter was in bed, she quickly said I cannot hold it any longer, let’s go into the bathroom. It was then I noticed she was wearing dark colored jeans, which inhibit viewing of the initial wet spot. I asked her to change, but she protested, saying I have to go right now! However with a little cajoling she agreed to change. She removed her dark jeans and standing there in just her panties, searched for light colored ones. She had her legs tightly crossed, saying I am going to pee right here in our bedroom. This would be a true accident and ok with me but not her. Finding a suitable pair of jeans, she quickly slipped them on and rushed to stand in the tub, both hands tightly grabbing her crotch. Once in the tub she started peeing hard immediately. I almost didn’t have time to get into position to watch. She was already wetting her panties, asking if I saw what I wanted.

But I got an awesome view. As she started to urinate, I could tell exactly where her pee hole was, because the first thing I saw was a tiny wet spot in the crotch of her jeans. The thing I remember most intensely was that tiny wet spot as she started going. I was instantly rock hard. The wet spot rapidly expanded as this was not to be the usual wetting. She was truly at her bladders limit. She continued peeing for a good minute, totally soaking both legs of her jeans. Once her thighs were wet I put my hand on the crotch of her jeans feeling the nice warm pee run over it. She released so much pee that there was a nice yellow puddle in the tub. I stuck my nose against her pants inhaling the sweet aroma of her fresh pee.

This was the most spectacular wetting I ever experienced on an intimate level like this. When she saw the huge bulge in my pants she had created she became as aroused as I was. She removed her clothes, cleaned up and we headed off to the bedroom. To this day when I need to get off I think about this special time, as I stroke myself to an orgasm. Telling this story has gotten me excited again, and this was 30 years ago.

