Accident at New Years

Author: Trident

*000*2013-01-13 23:49

Just to give you a better idea I'll just add a small description of myself. I'm around 5'7", have light ginger shoulder-length straightened hair with blue eyes. I'm quite petite, with a small slim figure. I wore a tight-fitting thigh-length black dress with a plain black bra and white panties.

It was about 2am when I was coming out of my friends house, I'd been around hers all night for a New Years party and was feeling slightly tipsy. I said my goodbyes and walked outside and got into my waiting taxi, I told the driver where to go and got myself comfortable. As soon as he started driving I felt a sharp ache in bladder, one strong enough to tell me that I should really be getting to a toilet soon. I pressed my legs tightly together and rubbed them together slowly, I was trying to help myself hold it while not making my desperation obvious. Luckily this wasn't a talkative driver so I wouldn't have to worry about him paying too much attention to me. You see I have a habit of ignoring my bladder when I'm preoccupied, it's been there since childhood and has got me into a lot of desperation/accidents. Due to me talking to friends and just constantly being occupied with something I'd only gone for a wee once in the past four hours.

As the journey went on I could feel my bladder aching more often, the closer I go to home the worse it got. Eventually I could see my apartment building and hurriedly got out a £20 to pay. We stopped and he told me the fee was £14, I pretty much threw the £20 at him and hurried off. I felt myself blush a little as I'm quite shy about showing/admitting my need to go in public.

The walk to my building felt like it went on forever, it didn't help it was a cold night so an occasional breeze would shoot up my skirt and almost force me into leaking. By now every three or four steps caused a sharp ache, it got worse every time. I got to the door of the building and felt like I was about to burst, I fiddled furiously with key trying to open the door. I let out a sharp sigh of relief as it finally unlocked. I quickly shut the door behind me and made a quick rush for my apartment. Luckily I was on the ground floor so I didn't have to climb stairs, all I had to do was walk past the main stairs, make a left then walk straight down to the end of hall.

I was on the verge of jogging when as I made my way to my door, I could feel my wee literally almost pushing it way out, I could feel it's warmth only a second from leaking out. I got to my door but because of my nerves I fiddled with the key again, I stood there fiddling furiously trying to get it in the lock right and I just felt a strong leak shoot out of me and down my legs. I whimpered and shot a quick glance down and saw the dribble making it way down my legs. I finally opened the door and rushed in. I spun around and slammed it shut, making sure to quickly lock it, as soon as I heard it click I ran into my living room.

My apartment set-up is a little odd, my bed is in my living room against the wall horizontally sticking out with my TV in the far corner. The bedroom I use for study/storage because I think it's better use of space, but mainly because TV's cost a lot of money and I couldn't be bothered buying one for the bedroom.

I quickly flicked off my heels and threw my bag to the side. The bathroom was just past my bed in the far right corner of my apartment, rather than take the safe way and walk around I panicked and made a huge error. I jumped on my bed to just hop over it and save a few seconds but when I moved my foot to hop off I got it caught on my covers. I slipped landed on the edge of the bed then slipped off it onto the floor landing right on my bum. I knew that was far too much for my bladder, I fell back and whimpered, I pressed my legs tightly together and I pressed both hands onto my crotch. I felt myself just flood my panties, my wee dribbled down onto the floor soaking it with some shooting out and soaking the backs of my legs. It felt amazing, my bladder ached painfully but the feeling of it all finally coming out just filled me with glee.

After I finished I stayed in the same position but relaxed my legs and hands, I lay there in relief for a few seconds. After my moment of rest I got up to clean my little mess up. I slipped of my now yellow-dyed panties and flung them into my wash basket, closely followed by my dress and bra. I grabbed a towel from the basket and mopped up the damp best I could, then just resorted to leaving it to dry overnight. I went into my bathroom and dried my crotch, bum and legs, before I went back into the living room, threw on my nighty and got in bed. After that I just needed a little rest to just take it all in...oh and incredibly another wee which I found out just as I started to get warm :(

*004*2013-01-16 02:25

{{ 

Great story and thank you for sharing with us. Having a few drinks and a full bladder clouds ones judgement but at least we all can enjoy the results.

}}

{{ 

Great story. Thanks! :)

}}

{{ 

Great story! I especially love the part about wetting your bed after cleaning everything else up.

}}

Glad you enjoyed it :)

