First Time Wetting Jeans (intentional)

Author: Golden Wolf

*000*2014-08-04 23:10

A few days ago, I finally got brave enough to try wetting my jeans for the first time ever, and I was definitely not disappointed. ;)

I'll start by giving a little background info; I'm a female who's been into wetting for as long as I can remember. I have peed through panties and such before when I thought I could get away with it, but I haven't been brave enough to wet my jeans before for fear of stains/etc.

My parents recently went away for a week long vacation and they gave me enough laundry money so that I could do my laundry while they were away, so I decided that this would be it, when I finally got to wet my jeans for the first time ever.

I started out by guzzling down a can of soda while playing some Xbox games, not really thinking about what I was doing at first. After a while of playing, I noticed my bladder starting to become somewhat uncomfortable as it slowly filled, and at that point I decided I'd see how long I could hold it until I was absolutely desperate to go, so I continued along playing my game for a while longer. After about an hour or so, I definitely had become desperate, and decided that I had to go ASAP because I was almost starting to leak into my pajamas. I changed into my jeans quickly, all while doing the pee dance, and I carried my floor length mirror into the bathroom with me as quickly as I possibly could so I had a good view, trying not to lose control and piss myself right there. It was difficult with a full to bursting bladder, but I got the mirror into place and stepped into the shower quickly.

I couldn't hold it any longer at that point however, and a torrent of piss came gushing out, soaking my panties and the crotch of my jeans. I gained control again for a few seconds, but then came another spurt of piss, soaking my jeans even farther between my legs and across the front part of my thighs, the piss starting to drip out of my pant legs by now. My bladder muscles were too weak at that point to fight it anymore, so at that point I was gushing piss into my jeans and flooding them, the wet warmth now spreading beneath my butt and down the back of my legs; some of the piss had even begun spurting out through the fabric because I was wetting so hard. It was absolute heaven to me, and after I had emptied myself completely into my panties and jeans, I went back to my room and had a little fun in my newly soaked jeans. ;)

I'll definitely be doing this again someday!

*003*2014-08-05 22:03

Aww thanks guys!

@omnicentdemoman

Sounds like you had a great day then! I wish I had done it earlier myself, but I don't have a lot of opportunities unfortunately.

My favorite game right now is Diablo 3, I've spent way too much time on it lately!

@tmivelaz

Awesome, glad to know I don't have to worry too much about it then! I might if I get brave enough, haha! I'm a bit of a shy girl really, so any picture of myself is embarassing x)

