New Year's Eve travelling adventures

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2016-01-04 14:45

Hey everyone! EQ here!

This new year I spent with homeanddry who from here on will be called H, and yeah.

I never thought I'd become such good friends with someone from here, and as much as omo isn't a large part of our friendship, there was a bit of it going on!

H lives a 3 hour drive from my hometown, but I don't have a car so I had to get a coach up there, well, two coaches, taking about 6 hours or so! I was hoping I'd get to witness some desperation but I didn't really! I went to the bathroom whilst I waited for my second coach but i wasn't desperate at all by then, I just figured I probably should in case I had to wait until I got to H's. I had to buy an energy drink to get change for the bathrooms, but I didn't drink it just yet. I had about 250ml of water and some lunch whilst I waited for my second coach.

My stop was the second stop out of over 10, and it took 3.5 hours to get there, so I had planned to use the facilities on the coach when we left the stop before mine just incase H was late getting away from work and coming to get me. But my bf rang me as he was on a break from work and I completely forgot about my plan!

I was feeling a bit weary from travelling so I started downing my energy drink although I was fairly nervous, not to mention I'd been sipping at water the whole time. As we were coming into the city I felt a small twinge but was scared of missing my stop! I was getting a bit worried as I had no idea whether H would be quick to get me nor how long the drive was, and plus I was super nervous having not met his family before, I kept getting the odd twinge but also drinking my drink.

I saw his car was already there as I pulled up and in excitement I forgot I needed to go really and got in his car. The drive wasn't long but I did feel the odd twinge!

When we got in his house I was busy with talking to his wife and their young kid and the two dogs they had, and forgot largely about my needs! It was fairly bad at this point, but I got caught up playing with their kid and soon we were eating. I needed to go quite a lot at this point but I'm not allowed at my parents place to get down for any reason really so I held it, and after dinner once again we ended up playing, I could stay sat at the table this time thank god so I could fidget if need be!

Eventually at around 9pm it was their child's bed time so after that was done H suggested watching a film. I was hesitant as id now hadn't gone since 3pm ish. I sat on my feet to relieve some of the pressure, but H's wife paused the film twice to go, and on the second time I complained it was bad to H, he told me he wasn't stopping me, but I decided I would carry on holding it until the end. That last bit of the film I couldn't pay attention, H said afterwards that I couldn't keep still and kept leaning forwards.

At the end of the film H went over to the DVD player and I noticed he had the telltale signs that he shows when he's desperate too, with stiff limbs and movements. I waited for him to put on something else but by that point I was so desperate I was shaking my leg uncontrollably and I had to go right then before I lost it! I was so desperate I peed for ages. H later said he was impressed.

There was no more omo from either of us that night, but the morning I went on the coach I had a couple of glasses of water and a mug of tea, after H dropped me off I already felt that familiar sensation, and I was going to try and wait until the change over, I lasted for a couple of hours before I really was close to losing it, I made my way to the back of the coach and locked the door. I went to pull down my jeans and the coach lurched a bit so I reached out to grab the handle and it came off the panel!! I nearly lost it all then in shock but I didn't and I managed to empty my bladder at about 15:30, and i then held it until about 9/10pm once I was home and had had dinner!

On the second coach I spoke to a guy from London and we were messing around and he said that he should have used the toilet before getting on the coach. I said there's one at the back and I wasn't gonna stop him, and he laughed and said that would be weird, and I said well you never know what people are in to

Haha I'm an idiot!

Happy new year all of you :P

EQ X

*002*2016-01-13 08:06

{{: 

Sorry, I meant to reply to this earlier, but everything's just been so busy! It really was a fantastic couple of days, and it speaks volumes that such a great (largely non-Omo) friendship can come out of this community. It really does make a difference to be able to put a face to a username too.

Anyway, as EQ says, I tried to hide that I really needed to go by the end of the film, but clearly failed! I can't remember now when I'd last gone, but I think it was a little while after we'd arrived home. I did need to go quite badly when the film started - a lot of pressure internally, and an increasing feeling on 'the outside' too. Sitting down, though, it was easily bearable. I knew that I'd be able to get to the end as long as I didn't have to stand up too much (and, when I did, leaning on the counter in the kitchen helped to apply a bit of pressure in the right place!). I did notice EQ occasionally leaning forward, shifting her legs sometimes too, but I'm impressed by anyone who can hide such a genuinely desperate need so well! I'm afraid that I didn't last much longer anyway - I did have to walk around very carefully whilst sorting the TV out, then quickly disappeared upstairs as soon as I possibly could!

}}

Yeah I was shocked as you normally beat me but you went when we got in!!!!

