A Desperate Morning

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-07-18 16:23

This morning I felt really naughty, so I had some wet fun. After wetting for the first time yesterday I decided I wanted to experience more. I woke up at 6:30 to find my brother in the bathroom getting ready for work so I just went back to bed. I woke up again at 8:30, crossing my legs hard, with a hand between my thighs. I was more desperate than I had ever been in my life.

Then I heard the hitch in my plan, the television in the livingroom was on. I went out, trying my hardest not to look desperate, to see who it was, and I found my brother. He said he was ill so he stayed home sick. I had expected to be home alone today, but appearently not. I frowned and carefully walked back to my room to decide what to do. I stood in front of my dresser for a good five minutes staring longingly at a pair of blue jeans I really wanted to try wetting in.

I finally decided I was gonna do it, brother home or not, so I grabbed my jeans, a new pair of panties, and went into the shared bathroom. First I took off my clothes from last night, leaving me in only some pink panties, then I put on my jeans. At that point I was very in need of a pee so I hopped in the shower stall and crossed my legs. At first I couldn't let go, but pee soon flooded my jeans, warm and wet.

I felt hot pee create large ovals of warm heaven on my thighs before dripping out of my jeans. I shifted and then the pee streamed down my calves and onto the tub floor. I stood there about a minute releasing my morning pee, then when I was done I looked down at the wonderful creation I now had on my legs. I put my hand between my thighs and pressed down, realizing I still had more in me so I pushed it out. It was a strange effort to get the rest out. My pants had cooled before that, but now they warmed again, leaving new trails of wet goodness.

When I was completely empty I investigated my pants. They looked just like I had hoped, just like the videos I had seen. My bottom was wet about halfway up and the inside of my legs were completely soaked. After enjoying the view for a moment I let my hands wander and felt a kind of ecstasy I had never felt before. Then I pulled off my wet jeans and took a shower. That was a fun start to my morning.

