A Scary - And Horny - Experience At The Cinema

Author: vikka

*000*2015-07-27 19:53

Some time ago something really crazy happened to me. It was on one side (at least in the beginning) scary and on the other hand arousing, exciting and very sexy.

You could say that it began with a pint (or was it two?) of beer at a pub. At least the beer played a big role in what happened later.

After the pub I continued alone to a cinema to see a film. I bought my ticket; I was early and sat down to wait for the doors to open. After a while i felt, that someone was watching me. I looked up and noticed a woman, who seemed to be very interested in my person. She was nice-looking with brown hair and dressed in a blue cardigan and a red skirt. She could be about 28-30 years old. I felt a bit uncomfortable by her interest but then the doors opened and I went in and found a place in the back part. The film had been on for a couple of weeks and there were only a few spectators here and there. There were noone near to me.

But when the light began to dim, someone sat down on my left side. I thought it was a bit odd; usually, when there are plenty of free seats, people leave some seats between them and the next person. I noticed a faint scent of eau de cologne and gave my neighbour a furtive glance. It was the lady, who had been so interested in me before.

The film began and I got absorbed by it and forgot my neighbour. Until I felt her leg touching my leg. At first I didn't bother, but then she began to press her thigh harder against mine. I looked down. She had pulled up her skirt high up, showing, that she was wearing stockings, not pantyhose. Her thighs above the stocking tops gleamed white. And then, all of a sudden, her hand was caressing my right thigh! I got scared; what was she going to do! I tried to move away my leg, but she held it with a firm grip.

She turned towards me, and whith her other hand she pulled up my skirt. I thought I should scream or something, but it felt embarrassing to let the audience know, what was going on. She caressed my thigh higher and higher up. I tried to keep my thighs pressed together, but she was strong and succeeded to part them. Well, maybe she wouldn't have succeeded, if it wasn't for the embarrassing fact, that my resistance bit for bit had weakened. I was still a little scared, but I was also to my shame getting more and more aroused. When her hand eventually had reached all the way up between my thighs, I knew, that it was greeted with my deceitfully welcoming pussy, pulsating with shameless lust!

She grabbed my left hand and placed it right up on her own pussy! I shouldn't have, but I let her do it. And furthermore, I immediatly began to caress it! Her panties were already very damp from her juices, and her pussy trembled under my busy fingers. Her own fingers weren't exactly idle either, and soon were my panties pretty damp too!

It felt so good! I really, really didn't want to gratify her by giving in to my sexual desire, but like a lightning from a clear sky my first orgasm made its entrance on the scene! And naturally there were concequences... A couple of beers and an orgasm... I wetted myself like a baby, in a cinema, my little mimsy caressed by a strange lady! I couldn't stop it! It was like a Niagara Fall forcing through my panties! And I got another orgasm! And yet another... And...

The lady didn't seem to object me peeing myself all over her hand! On the contrary, her fingers were playing my pussy like a concert pianist would perform a piano concert with all its variations.

After her third (or so; I was a little dazed by that time) orgasm, she too began to pee her panties. She started by dribbling and then continued with a couple of small squirts.

It was lucky that there were a lot of noises from the film, which drenched our panting and moaning...

After my orgasms had ebbed out, my scare for her returned. After all, I thought, that she was a bit freakish... So I decided to leave just before the film ended. I left in a hurry, and when I got out to the street, I ran precipitately back to the pub, where I'd left my bike, and off I got as fast as I could, and didn't stop until I'd got home to my own little cottage!

*003*2015-07-27 21:59

Like other of my friends I've more than once been subjected to men, who have tried to press their leg against mine at a cinema, at a crowded bus or train; even trying to touch my leg. If I'd remained seated, they would probably go further... But I've always moved to an other place. This happens from time to time, and of course I get intimadated by it. As I at first got intimidated by that woman's approach. And I could have stood up an moved to another seat or even left the cinema. It wasn't me being lesbian, that made me stay. It was me being hypersexual as a side effect of my bipolar disorder. I got aroused... and...

I've written about my bipolar disorder and its effects on my profile page.

