Desperate Classmate

Author: Lips

*000*2012-07-26 10:10

Well, I meant to post this before..damn..it's like memories come back to me unexpected.I wonder what happened to me...oh! anyways....

Anyways, this was a few years ago, i think in like 6th grade. There was this guy in my class, he always teased some girls or make some snide remarks.however, he was nice on a few occasions, so he wasn't entirely annoying or too much of a pain in my or anyone's ass, if he was, i believe it was because he liked a few girls. i mean..people were still going through that stage in 6th grade right?

One day at school, you know, it was a usual, boring day, kids being kids, and one of the teachers being grumpy.or irritated with us kids for the usual, not being quiet, talking during class, etc. and the guy was known for being a class clown.and i guess the teacher was on her period or something, or wanted to get back at him, i don't know.

So onto that following day, well, he asked the teacher could he go to the bathroom, and she declined his request, i don't remember her doing that to anyone else, except maybe once.anyway, i looked to my side and i see him fidgeting, back then, i was wondering why until he said he needed to pee, of course, his fidgeting and saying that gained some attention from the classmates, some of them felt bad for him while others giggled a bit. he kept asking and the teacher kept declining, if i remember his needing to pee stance. he had crossed legs and some crotch grabbage. i mean..

It was kinda hard to keep my eye off of him, despite the fact i glanced a few times. i did somewhat felt a bit bad for him that the teacher was being a drag, anyways, after a few more minutes of asking, declining, etc. the teacher finally let him go. I was a bit curious if this went on a bit longer , would he had wet himself or wait until the next period. after i got home, i couldn't help that i was feeling a bit aroused O_o about that situation...needless to say..stuff happened alone haha.(which that part isn't important xD)

Everytime i did bring it up on Facebook (we're friends on Facebook) he would just laugh back at it. but only I know how i really feel about it.

