Things go wrong

Author: orcslayer

*000*2015-03-21 07:15

This semester I have two 3-hour classes back to back with no break in between. I'm usually pretty desperate by the time I get home. Today I missed my alarm clock so I had to rush to class and took my morning coffee with me. Halfway through the second lecture I was already very desperate. I thought about getting up and using the bathroom but I didn't want to miss any of the notes. I kept looking at the clock, it felt like it was taking way longer than usual. I was constantly bouncing my legs up and down and fidgeting, grabbing myself through my pocket. 

At one point I noticed the cute girl next to me giving me a look. Her being aware of my desperation aroused me and i felt myself getting hard. At this time it was very difficult concentrating on the lecture. I put my jacket on-which falls down over my thighs- so I could stroke myself underneath and open my pants button to relieve some pressure on my bulging bladder. Some of the desperation subsided and I was able to focus back on taking notes.

When the lecture finally ended I practically ran to my bike, wanting to get back home as fast as possible to relieve myself. I swung onto my bike, tried to pedal, heard a loud grating noise, looked down and found the chain hanging broken. Why does this have to happen now ?!! I got off and started pushing my bike. It's about a 20 minute walk back to my house. I was holding myself through my pocket the whole way. About halfway there I felt a wave of desperation hit and had to stop walking and clench my thighs together hard, bending over at the waist. Each step hurt and sent another wave through my body. A few minutes later I had to wait to cross the street. I couldn't stand still and was dancing around like crazy. I could see people looking and felt my face turn red in embarrassment. I finally reached my house and threw my bike against the wall, rummaging in my bag like mad for the key. 

Another wave of desperation hit and I couldn't stop the trickle of pee that escaped into my boxers. I couldn't find my key and started to panic, knocking on the door and yelling for my roommate, even though I knew he wasn't home. Another spurt came out of my dick, but I was able to regain control. I could now feel warm wetness on my thigh. Finally I found my keys-I totally forgot i put them in my jacket pocket. I unlocked the door with shaking hands and ran to the bathroom, pulling down my pants along the way. Before I was able to get my boxers off, another longer spurt leaked out, totally soaking the front of my underpants and running down my leg. So I stepped into the shower and just let go, moaning at the immense relief and hot liquid rushing down my legs, soaking into my socks.

