Overwhelming urge led to complete loss of control

Author: Frank123

*000*2013-10-17 11:59

I have wet myself plenty of times before, always in controlled environment, but last night it felt different. My bladder was still quite tender from a holding session at the weekend, and I got home from work early yesterday and have today off, so decided to have another one.

I peed when I got in, then it didn't take much until I was bursting again. Two cans of beer and two mugs of coffee later, and the first bit of pee escaped. I was wearing 5 pairs of boxers, some lycra lined cycling shorts, and a pair of sweatpants on the top. By the time I drank another three mugs of coffee I had leaked a fairly substantial amount; my sweatpants were damp between the legs, and the thin towel I had sat on was also beginning to become damp.

I was becoming exhausted from all the effort to hold it in, so decided to go and make a mug of tea then call it a day. I was squirming and straining to hold it in as I walked round the kitchen, and particularly when stirring the teabag. Standing with my legs pressed tightly together, with it on the verge of coming out, I began to trickle on cue when I started pouring the milk in, and didn't completely manage to stop until after I had put the milk back in the fridge. Then I gingerly walked back through to my pc, expecting to continue what I started, then go and pee in a measuring bottle to see how much I was holding back. All the pee that had escaped up to this point had come out in dribbles and squirts, which is what normally happens, and my bladder was still feeling pretty full.

It was only about 30 seconds after I had sat back down and started sipping my tea, that I had the most overwhelming urge that I can ever remember having. This one seemed to come from deeper within me, and I didn't feel the usual sensation of pee ''escaping'' against my efforts to hold it back. Immediately it just started gushing out full force, and my efforts to stop the flow couldn't even slow it down. It's like my bladder had taken command of my body, as I completely lost all control. It wasn't like pee escaping past the flood gates which is what I usually feel, more like the flood gates had been completely blown away.

Only when the flow died down due to lack of pressure, did I finally manage to cut it off. My clothing felt completely drenched, and a puddle between my legs had formed on the thin towel I was sitting on. When I stood up, I felt pee running down my legs from my over-saturated clothing. Fortunately I had tucked my sweatpants into my socks before I stood up, so none ended up on the floor.

Peeling off my clothing layer by layer, revealed how they were progressively wetter. On the boxers that were next to my body, there was one dry spot at the top of one of the hips, and that was it; every other part of the material was soaked.

As I only usually lose control to the extent of dribbling and squirting, it was quite an exhilarating experience.

*002*2013-10-19 02:44

{{ 

LUCKY >.<

}}

Thanks!

{{ 

Usually im never able to lose dcontrol, no matter how full i am...so I make myself leak little bits intentionally. Sometimes ill sit crouched that was my bladder is being pressed on and my urethra gets pulled open, then I end up starting to leak unintentionally. It feels so good :D

}}

It sounds good. :) Perhaps you will find other ways to make yourself leak. :D

Have you tried the rapid desperation technique? With me, when I drink enough fluids, and my bladder fills up enough, then I will eventually start leaking no matter what I do to try and hold it in. Although if I let my bladder fill slowly, then it can take hours between starting to feel full and beginning to leak out, and my bladder feels fuller before it does start leaking. The rapid desperation technique seems to be a good way of bringing on uncontrollable urges, before one reaches one's absolutely fullest capacity.

I might as well also post this while I'm here :) Despite saying in another thread the other day that I was going to give this a rest for a week or two, I couldn't resist having another hold tonight. I do like seeing how much I can hold, shortly after another holding session.

I started with a can of beer then a mug of coffee, but then decided my bladder was filling too fast, which wasn't my intention this time round. I was beginning to need to pee already at that point, so I went to the toilet, and started drinking coffee then tea at a more ''normal'' pace, with no glasses of water while I waited on the kettle boiling. It was 3 hours after that when I felt I was about to leak at any moment, when I was sitting down. So I stood up and squirmed and squeezed and managed to keep it in. I lasted another hour and twenty minutes going between 8 and 9 on the desperation scale, and back again, with much squirming and prancing about -didn't dare sit down again - and drank a further one and a bit mugs of tea in that time!

Eventually during one frantic effort to keep it in, I felt that some had leaked past the point of no return. I squeezed to try and keep it in a little longer, although I knew it was on it's way out, then I started to feel it trickling a few seconds later. I thought it might just have been a spot, but it took me a few seconds to cut off the flow - although I'm not sure exactly how long. The feeling that I get when I'm leaking while I'm trying to hold it in is quite intense, that I'm not always entirely sure whether I've stopped completely, or if it's still dribbling. 

Anyway the leak wasn't too big. I had decided to try out another incontinence pad I bought last week, and although it didn't seem very wet at all - they are pretty useless - it had absorbed just about everything. There was one tiny wet spot on the top of one of my legs of my boxers where the pad had leaked at the bottom, but then me squeezing my legs together would have encouraged that; and another slightly bigger wet spot at the top of my boxers, above the top of the pad. So the stream must have been strong enough at some point to make it rise upwards against gravity, although I wasn't aware of it at the time.

My bladder was feeling really quite full at this point, and I could feel it pressing against the front of my body. I lasted another 10 minutes, almost, before I began to feel another urge coming on. Knowing that as I had leaked once, I would leak again, I carefully walked through to the kitchen to pee in my measuring bottle - which I had actually left in a room just off the kitchen. Walking through the kitchen into the room with the measuring bottle felt like walking into a bathroom, in that it increased the urgency all the more. I pulled my boxers down, with the pad stuck to the inside, but only pulled them partway down in case I leaked again, so that I would pee in my boxers rather than on the floor, as I had to reach up to get the bottle off a shelf. I managed to reach it while still bending down, straining to keep from leaking, unscrewed the cap, then got my dick in the end of the bottle before it leaked again.

I didn't try and hold it back any more at this point; I just relaxed and let it all flow out. I was peeing hard the instant I released, and it gradually died down as the pressure did, then the stream tapered off. Most of it came out in one go, but as soon as it stopped coming out I gave a slight push, and a gentle stream continued for several seconds as I relaxed my body again. Then when that stream stopped, the same happened again! It seems that the more I hold in, the more I need to help it come out. But I didn't have the energy for forcing it out any faster, and it felt so good just to relax and let it come out by itself, after so long trying to stop it from doing so.

All in there was 800ml there, which I was quite impressed with, particularly considering the abuse I've given my bladder recently. :)

*004*2013-10-19 03:01

Wow! I read that the average maximum for a human bladder is 600 - 800ml, although of course some people have smaller and others have larger bladders. 2000ml is a massive amount!

*008*2013-10-21 13:45

{{ 

Frank, your 800 mL was a worthy accomplishment, given your bladder's ordeal in the days before. I thoroughly enjoyed your account, and I well know the overwhelming urges one gets when the bladder hasn't recovered from a previous hold. A few weeks ago, I was going about my daily routine after having held too long the day before, and although I was aware that my bladder was filling, I had no expectation to pee for another hour or two. I was walking home from the convenience store when the urges began, and I barely made it in the house before I did a massive spurt that soaked my crotch. Just a reminder that I need to let my system get back to normal before I stress it again!

}}

Thanks Fred!

I always enjoy reading about other peoples' experiences.

I have changed what I originally typed here, due to what happened as I was typing my reply to PPmax below. I hadn't even noticed my bladder filling up, although I am sitting here drinking coffee, but I peed not too long ago and a huge urge just came out of nowhere. It's like my body just decided to pee, without giving me any warning, and I had to squirm immediately to stop it from coming out. The urge didn't die down although I only waited for seconds, and I was having to strain to keep it in, so I went quickly to the toilet. I didn't bother measuring it, but there was nowhere near a full bladder's worth of pee there.

{{ 

Oh man! This is something I have never experienced before! :) I always have, as you, small leaks and dribbles, but never a full massive stream! That's quite reassuring – I'll keep trying hoping for the best!

}}

I can't even say for sure what brought it on. All I know is my bladder was (and still is) recovering from the abuse I had given it in the previous week or so. Perhaps that, together with sitting down after I had been standing up and leaking for a while, at least contributed towards it happening. I always find it slightly easier to hold it in while I'm standing as opposed to sitting.

Just last night I had another hold :D but I went to the toilet before there were any leaks. I discovered that it's considerably easier for me to hold it in if I'm lying back on my sofa, than if I'm either sitting or standing. I certainly knew my bladder was filling up, and desperately needed to pee, but there was very little in the way of the urges I get when I'm sitting or standing. When I went through to the kitchen to make tea a couple of times, urges started and I found myself squirming, but I got through them and they died down again when I laid back on my sofa again.

I was certainly a lot more "comfortable" and relaxed than I would have been if I was sitting or standing. I had fun pressing on different parts of my body and putting my legs in different positions, to see what increased or decreased the urgency. Part of my reason for eventually going to the toilet was so that I could have a different kind of fun because I was getting so turned on. And when I did pee, there was a very impressive (for me) 850ml there, and I could have held on for longer. I was amazed!

So what I intend to do at some point in the not too distant future, is to lie back on my sofa until I actually start to leak, then stand up and/or sit down and continue to try to hold it in, and see what happens then. I reckon that at the least, it should result in bigger and/or more frequent leaks than I would normally expect.

