Wetting my pyjamas sitting outside (Video)

Author: Waittowee

*000*2012-09-11 10:37

Hey everyone - been a while since I did a video, so last night I drank plenty before I went to bed, in the hope that I would wake up bursting for a pee.

I misjudged a little.

Fast forward a few hours, and at 5:19am I woke. Bursting. I couldn't lie still in bed, almost as soon as I woke I had to hold myself to stop any leaking out. The strain on my muscles was huge, and my bladder felt bloated, heavy and full inside me. I knew there was no way I could go back to sleep, and no way I could hold the 3 hours it would be till my flatmate had woken up, got up, out and gone to work. Accepting defeat, still holding myself and clenching like mad, I went to the bathroom and peed a long, hard, hissing pee.

Disappointed that my plan hadn't worked, I went back to bed and drifted off to sleep again, knowing I wouldn't need to pee that badly if at all when I awoke.

8:15 - Alarm. I woke, tired and a bit groggy from my disrupted nights sleep. Leaning out of bed to silence the alarm, I felt a strong urge in my crotch. Surprised, muscles clenched tightly, I sat up in bed. Another wave of urgency passed over me, the prickling feeling in my penis almost causing me to leak a little bit. I fidgeted, squirming in bed to numb the urge. Clenching, clenching, tightening the muscles in my crotch I held on. My bladder felt a bit full inside me, but nowhere near then tension I'd felt there in the night. But there was an almost undeniably strong urge in my penis to release however much was in there. I knew if I didn't hold myself I would wet soon, I couldn't ignore the urge much longer with muscle power alone.

Fidgeting, I grabbed my phone, and rolled a cigarette. This done, I stood, legs crossed and clenching my muscles, determined not to resort to holding myself. I walked to the door onto the fire escape, went out, lit up and sat down on the cold paving slabs. Fidgeting from side to side, swinging my legs around I held on. Then, muscles fluttering with the effort to hold in my pee, I felt a leak, then a spurt escape, flow through me, out of the tip of my penis and out into my pyjamas.

I clenched hard, stopping the flow, fighting to hold it in as long as I could. Another spurt, then a flood began to escape, flowing out of me hard. I tried to clench again, hold back the flood. I paused it for a few seconds, clenching as hard as I could, but the desperate urge this caused was to much for me, and at last I just relaxed, stopped clenching, and let the rest flood out, feeling flowing through my penis and out into the chilly morning air. It hissed out, more than I thought from the 'semi-full' feeling I'd had in my bladder before I started to wet, but not as much as my middle of the night pee.

Video here!

PJsitting.mov

*001*2012-09-11 23:22

Thanks Shu - glad you liked it!

Thanks for shrinking the file size as well - I'm always wary of reducing quality so I tend to just upload the original, which I realise is a pain for those on a slow connection? What mp4 encoding do you use to preserve quality? I'll upload as that in future...

