How I Met... My Girlfriend

Author: Enoudhay

*000*2010-08-12 21:58

Hi everyone, this is my very first post, and... It's exciting ;) (Sorry for my poor little english, but I'm a frenchie, and you know... The frenchies are so good at english.. =P)

It's happened when I was 16. I was on holiday in Normandie; I have been invited by a friend for a little week.

We (oh, yes, this friend was a girl) were in a very little village, and occupations weren't numerous at all.

We went to a small party, at the nearest village (kind of 3km...), and the principal activity of this party was.. Drinking.

We knew the barman, so we drank serveral beers. The playlist of the DJ was so exciting; Emile et Image, with their immortal "Les démons de minuit", ...

It was clearly boring, and we began some alcohol games.

Because we had to come back on foot, we swallowed a last beer, and left towards her house. I was a little bit drunk, not sick, just in a happy mood... Just enough to forget to go to the toilet.

We slept in the same room, same bed, and fell asleep very quickly. (No, we weren't in couple, just.. very close friends... until now ;) )

I was sleeping, but suddenly I woke up: I wet the bed. And the wet spot were so big that it was wetting her pajamas. How embarassed I was! But how excited too ;)

Then, and I swear it's true, a gold stream started to flow around her. Because of me, she was also wetting the bed. (Thanks God, the mattress was protected!)

Seeing that she was going to wake up, I pretend I was still sleeping.

My heart pounded in my breast, when she wakes up and discover the double accident.

This is how I met my girlfriend. I think I'm the luckiest man in this world; when she woke me, I could felt the excitement in her eyes, and she probably had felt the excitement not only in my eyes...

We had sex, in a very wet bed, and this night finished into the greatest way I'd never had!

After such a night, and have discovered her pee fetishism, we tested other situations... but it will be for the next time! When I'm thinking about, I don't still measure the luck I had... All that I know? We are a happy couple and sexually, everything goes for best ;)

*001*2010-08-12 22:07

Has anybody already met his/her girlfriend/boyfriend like that? Or in an other way, but had a pee experience before being in couple? (Sorry, I write it in french for more comprehension =P : Quelqu'un a-t-il déjà rencontré son/sa copin(e) de la sorte? Ou d'une autre façon, mais en ayant une expérience "humide", avant d'être en couple?)

*008*2010-08-13 09:49

Now I can say; I'm the luckiest man in the world! I'll probably add some more stories of our life, and maybe she would write some one of those? I'll ask her =)

Btw, nice to meet all of you ;)

