Girlfriends desperation

Author: runnersmate

*000*2013-07-25 13:32

Hoi Folks

My former girlfriend had the habbit of drinking water all day long so it's obvious the she needed to pee very often.

At one time we told each other to meet at a certain place just to see each other after work and before going to our own houses/appartement. She was like usual drinking all day altough it was a very busy day for here at the office. At the end of the day she needed to go to the toilet and was holding it already for a while but needed still to do a lot before she could leave.

Finaly she decided to stop working in order to be on time at our meetingpoint. She decided to skip the toilet and to hold it till later.

So she left for a drive of 20 minutes. In the car she called me to let me know she left work and I could here on here way off talking already that she was holding. She told me that she would trie to be there as fast as possible.

About 20 minutes later I saw here driving on the parkingspot where we agreed to meet. It is an abbandon parking of a magasin. When she parked next to mee I went to here car to say hello. I bended over to give here a kiss and saw here hand in between her wibbling legs desperate holding her pee. When I kissed here she quickly crossed her legs and pushed her hand even harder against her crotch. Il told her to come out off the car and with one hand in between he legs she came out of the car where she instandly bented over to try to hold it more. I saw her desperation and got really excited. She knew that this excites me anyway because it was'nt the first time she needed really badly too pee (even at her of my place).

I toulk her into my arms to give her a hugh and started kissing here. While kssing her I felt her hand still holding her crotch and she kept on jumping from one leg to an other.

I toulk her hand that was between her legs and told her that I would hold for her. We continued kissing each other and Instead of holding my hand against her jeans I opened the button and went into her jeans. Doing so I felt that she nearly couldn't hold it anymore. She squeezed her legs against each other and crossed both legs. Her muscles squeezed my hand and I told her to open her legs. She complained and told my that she could'nt hold it any more but I asked her again and she opened her legs anyway. Doing so, she bended a little to me in trying to hold it. I saw her desperation on her face.

The suddenly I started to use my finger to caress her small lips. She mouned and when I entered her she couldn't hold it anymore. I felt her first warm spirt running againts my hand and she screemed to mee that she couldn't hold it anymore. I wanted to pull back my hand but it was to late. Suddenly I felt my hand becomming really warm and wet and it all came out in one long pee. I felt it running over my hand and felt her jeans getting completely soaked while it ran down her pants and dripped on to the concrete floor where a large puddle was getting larger and larger. She just could'nt stop it anymore and her blatter emptied in one long pee at full force with my hand still in her jeans. I felt her warmth running fully over on my hand and started kissing her again. I felt her releive changing into excitement and.........

