Liquid Gold

Author: WarmPants

*000*2013-01-06 11:56

I awoke around 9 am feeling aroused as normal, to find my advances toward my sleeping partner werent required by her, she was too tired, always, the same.

I put my hands down between my legs where my penis was, and felt wet and warm.

I thought to myself i should save this for later, and as i knew she was going out later for the day, as i felt like being naughty to myself. I was feeling quite desperate as i always do in the morning, after a full nights rest. I lay there, playing teasing games with myself, trying to see how hard i could press before little spurts tried to escape into my boxer shorts. Every so often, more pee would escape, and i was worried i wouldnt hold, but at the same time, i wanted to wet the bed, but how would have i have explained that one to her! I did think i could wet the bed and pretend to be asleep, and maybe she would turn round to cuddle into me and feel me wet, but after some thought, i decided against it as it could provoke a negative response Things were starting to get desperate now, as i cupped my crotch tightly, feeling the moisture of my boxer shorts.

I got out of bed and went to the toilet to pee, as it gushed into the pan, i managed to save the last few drops for myself,. So i pulled up my jockey shorts, and sat down on the toilet, and managed to let the rest of my pee drip into my underwear, and seep through onto my legs before dripping into the toilet.

It felt so warm and wet, and i felt naughty as i was only a couple of metres away in the next room from where she was sleeping.

As i sat on the toilet letting the remaining few drops, drip into the toilet, i thought to myself i would keep this wet pair of jockey shorts on for the day, and have some more wet play when my lovely partner went out. She obviously doesnt know i have this interest, i think she would probably freak if she knew.

I felt really aroused at this, feeling wet from my own pee, but yet again i thought i should save it till later. So i put on a pair of denims over my wet shorts, and went about my chores for the morning feeling my denims tightly pushing into my crotch where i was wet. It felt good, and with my body heat, it started to dry in.

When eventually my partner got up, she was in a bit of a rush as she slept in late as usual as she does for appointments, rushing around getting ready, so she didnt even notice anything, cheekily underneath, i was the only one who knew about this.

Just before she was about to leave she was about to leave, she came over to me and said, 'Have a nice day', and kissed me on the lips. On pulling away from me she said, 'You smell quite fruity today', and smiled, i smiled back and said, 'Hope you like it, its my new deodorant scent'. She looked at me kinda strange, i honestly dont know what she thought. We said our farewells, and i finally had the place to myself...........

I had been drinking tea and water from time to time as i did my household duties, by now i felt i had to relieve myself, as i was bursting, and i felt i couldnt hold for much longer.

But before i could do so, i had to fill the washing machine with clothes.This is where my uses knicker fetish comes in, god, i am a perv, haha. As i put clothes in i took two pairs of her sexy knickers, and being a man i had to have a smell of my partners sexy womanly scent, they were only lying there a couple of days, although they were dry, they smelled gorgeous of her womanly dried in pussy juices.

Before i got more aroused by her scent, i decided i should put them on and enjoy the pleasure to the fullest. I put them on underneath my Jockey shorts, to hold them in place, as they pushed tightly against my penis.

I felt safe in my own zone, and proceeded to the bathroom, where i sat on the edge of the bath with my legs open, there was a mirror in front of me, so i could watch myself getting wetter. I had put my denims back on and i was feeling really aroused, with the pressure of her knickers pressed in by my shorts and my denims. I found it difficult to let go at first, due to being totally aroused by what i was doing, i managed to take a few deep breaths to calm down. 

Soon i felt more relaxed, and slowly i tried to let go. I could feel it gently filling up my boxers and knickers, very warm, wet and liberating, i was letting go of my pee into my underwear as it began to fill up more and i could see in front of me in the mirror as my denims darkened as they were getting wetter around my crotch area, making its way along the underside of my legs. I was really fiiling up now and starting to pee myself harder with pressure, with the warm wet feeling making its way around to my bum cheeks and in between, which tickled but felt really nice. As i pissed harder, some found its way around and down my legs in my sitting position, and due to the increasing pressure, some started to seep through my jeans and began to spray between my crotch, like a little fountain of golden waters, some spilled into the bath as it made its way past my bum, whereas the rest dripped down the bath and onto the floor, trickling down my leg. 

I watched in the mirror some more, and put my hands down to cup some and feel the warm texture of my pee drip through my hands, it felt like warm water passing through, although a little richer in texture. I was flooding the bathroom floor, but i didnt care for now, why would i, i was enjoying this very much, i could feel how aroused i was becoming. As i finished wetting in my soaked, warm wet clothes, which were warm from my own golden juices, my clothes clung to me. I sunk to the floor and managed to take off my denims in the puddle of warm wet pee i had sat in of my own. I just sat there for a few moments enjoying the feeling of freedom in the puddle around me, knowing i had pee'd in my girlfriends underwear, and if she had walked in at that moment, she would have definitly freaked out, but i wasnt worried at that particular time.

After i took in the momentI cleaned up and kept one pair of her knickers on, to dry into me, whilst i hid the rest of the evidence in the washing machine. From time to time as the knickers i was wearing were drying i would let a little bit of pee into them throughout the day, but not to much as i couldnt have too much cleaning up to do before she came back home, thus what a great day i had, chores were done, and i had my own little bit of naughty fun.

Hope you enjoyed reading my story, and thanks.

*002*2013-01-06 13:20

Just changed it cos it was horrible, typed it out on computer first, and when i copied and pasted it in. Sorry im new here, wasnt used to the editor.

*004*2013-01-12 12:25

Thanks Rachel, glad you enjoyed. What is the contest for the used panty fetish, im intrigued

