Snow sledding adventures

Author: JohnHart987

*000*2014-03-19 20:16

My extended family seems to have a lot of bladder issues. I know at least half my cousins did or still do wet their beds. A few have an occasional day wetting accident. We are pretty open about it and nobody is too embarrassed. I think a couple of them enjoy it like I do. Sometimes the occasional tickle fights end with a sudden run for dry pants.

This is another adventure with my cousin Jason and some other relatives. We had a get together with the extended family just before Christmas. They rented a park building and had a catered lunch. After eating, the younger bunch, mostly teens or just beyond, planned to go to the local sliding hill. Everyone changed in to warmer clothes. I noticed that jeans fashions have definitely gotten tighter.

We’d had a lot of snow, and it was just above freezing, so it was a lot of fun. We were out there for several hours with toboggans and a variety of sleds and tubes. We also brought a big insulated container of hot cider. Needless to say we all got covered in snow, which melted and got everyone kind of wet. I also had to pee pretty badly. Fortunately I’d prepared a solution, and wore long underwear under dark blue jeans. I was able to stay nice and warm as I leaked a little every so often as the pressure grew. By the time we were done my jeans were very wet – from both internal leakage and snow! I was having a great time in several ways.

However, it was several of the cousins that made it a day to remember. Jason’s older sister Jeanne was standing with me as we took a short break. One of the younger girl cousins, Shelley, came over and asked her where the bathrooms were. She was fidgeting, obviously desperate. Jeanne told her there weren’t any; she’d have to wait until we got back to the building. Shelley said she didn’t think she could hold it that long. Jeanne took her aside and they had a whispered conversation. Shelley was blushing, then went over and sat on an unused tube for a while. I asked Jeanne what happened. She said she told Shelley to just go sit down and pee in her pants; they were already so wet that no one would know.

I pretended to be surprised, but she said she would bet that several of the group was doing the same. I must have blushed; she laughed and said something about both of us being in the same condition. She said she knew Jason had already done it, along with one other guy, Aaron, who was Shelley’s year older brother. We started looking for evidence. Most of the group was wearing jeans with out snow pants, so it was easy to check. I noticed one of the other girl cousins, Kristy, went over to talk to Shelley. They talked a bit, Kristy pointed to her jeans, and then to Shelley’s, and they both started giggling. Jeanne pointed to Jason as he came up the hill, and said he’s doing it again. Sure enough, if you looked close you could see the wetness glisten a little on his jeans fly. Jeanne said he was evidently peeing a little each time he walked up the hill.

I saw several of the guys off to one side standing in a close group. It seemed a little strange; they were standing very close together. There was a tree on one side; they would take turns looking that way. I finally realized they were taking turns peeing against the tree, with the others trying to block the view. Lots of yellow snow!

A while later we saw another cousin, Aaron, coming up the hill. It was kind of funny; he was wearing gray skinny jeans with long underwear, so they were even tighter than usual. They were also completely snow covered, except the crotch and the thigh of one leg. That part was very wet. It sure looked like he’d lost control and peed a bunch, and then the warm pee had melted the snow. He kept looking at his jeans as he walked, like he was wondering if I showed. Jeanne said he only had a small wet spot the last time she saw him, she was watching because she liked the way he looked in the jeans even before he wet them! We saw a couple other maybes, but didn’t see any that were definitely pee.

As we got ready to head back to the party Jeanne asked me if she and Shelley could ride with me. She wanted to stop at my place to dry off since I lived nearby. She said they didn’t have any dry clothes to change in to back at the party. The two of them, along with two other guys, Jason and Tom, filled my car. We headed to my house. On the way Tom joked that Aaron was so wet it looked like he’d peed his pants. When Aaron blushed and tried to cover it, Tom realized that Aaron had pissed his jeans. He apologized, said he was just kidding. He saw Shelley blush too, and said something about being surrounded by peed pants. Tom grinned and said that he was definitely in the minority! Tom asked why Jason had wet; he’d been with him when they all peed on the tree. Jason said he’d had to pee really badly, and squirted a bunch in his jeans before he got unzipped.

It was interesting when we got to my place. Tom was the only one who was only wet from the snow. We didn’t have a lot of time, so they all took off their wet jeans and long underwear. I put them in the dryer; some of the long underwear was definitely yellow in places! Everyone sat in towels while we waited. I changed into clean jockeys and jeans. We talked about the fun on the sliding hill and joked about all the peed pants. Tom had noticed two other wet cousins that Jeanne and I hadn’t seen. Tom seemed really interested in the wet girls and kept his hands on his lap. When the wet stuff had dried they all got dressed. I had fun thinking about the wet underwear under the dry jeans. I think Tom did too; his tight jeans were sort of bulging in front! I was surprised the ride back to the party was very smelly, evidently everyone was drinking so much that the pee was much diluted!

I have to admit that I was very lucky in my choice of what family to be born into!

