Wet Halloween Weekend

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-11-03 23:52

Hey guys and gals. I had a very naughty wet weekend and rather than start three seperate topics for each story I am going to post them as one topic in three parts. I hope you enjoy, I know I did ;).

Part 1 – Maid To Hold

Me and Shadow don't celebrate Halloween personally but because it fell on Friday this year we knew it would be busy at work. Because of this we were both working alongside our bar staff. At 8 o'clock I came home because Shadow said he could handle it. He came home about half 10 as the crowd had died down. We were both shattered and just curled up in bed and watched a film. When we got up on Saturday morning we were both still tired so decided just to have a lazy day and rest up before we went out on Saturday night. He said he had to go sort a couple of things out then he would be home about lunchtime and we could then spend the afternoon chilling out. I said I would do a few things round the house whilst he was gone. As he kissed me goodbye and walked out of the door I suddenly felt really naughty and decided to give him a treat.

As I said we don't celebrate Halloween but we both love role playing and we have a huge trunk full of costumes that we use. Some that we bought for fancy dress, some we used for cosplays and some we specifically bought for naughty adventures. As I planned to do some cleaning round the house I went and dug out my naughty maid outfit. I started with a pair of tight white lacy knickers then slid on my lacy white stockings.

Then I put my on my maid dress which is a black and white corset and a very very short black frilly skirt which when I looked in the mirror only just covered the important bits leaving little to the imagination. I also decided to go without a bra and loved the way the material rubbed against my nipples and made them go hard and poke through. I finished off with a little white apron and a little white maids hat. I then slipped on my black heels to complete the outfit. I admired my ensemble in the mirror and my mind raced imagining what he would say when he saw it and what he would do. In my mind he was ripping it off me, throwing me on the bed and....and....i shook my head before I got too carried away.

I went downstairs and made myself a cup of tea and sat drinking it whilst watching TV. About half an hour later I went back to the kitchen and decided to start tidying up. I made another cuppa and set about tidying things off the table and generally making things neater. I then continued to do this in both living rooms (we live in a big house) and went upstairs to tidy our bedroom and his office. By the time I was done I was quite warm so grabbed a glass of water. I started dusting round the living rooms and as I was my bladder suddenly made itself known. I hadn't peed since I got up and in that time I had had three cups of tea, a glass of water and a glass of orange juice. No wonder it was starting to get full. I dusted round all the rooms and came back to the kitchen. I decided the next job was to hoover. It wouldn't take long but I decided to have a sit down first.

As I was sat at the table flicking through a magazine I noticed just how bad I needed to pee. I was starting to get quite desperate, my bladder filling up quite rapidly. I sat for about 15 minutes then decided if I didn't get motivated and do the hoovering it would never get done. As I stood up a wave of desperation hit me and I had to stand for a moment and let it pass. That was my motivation, I would pee once I had finished the hoovering so the quicker I got it done the quicker I could pee. I grabbed the vacuum cleaner out the cupboard and went upstairs and vacced round the bedrooms then came back downstairs, stopping to think about going to pee whilst upstairs but deciding downstairs wouldn't take too long and plus I was enjoying the feeling. I did the front living room and conservatory then started the back living room. I was lost in my own little world singing away when suddenly I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye.

I looked round and found Shadow stood in the door staring at me open mouthed. I turned off the hoover and winked at him asking if he liked his sexy little cleaner. He nodded and told me to continue, not wanting to interrupt me. I went back to cleaning as he sat down at the table. Now he was watching I over exaggerating my motions, leaning forward to clean giving him glimpses up my skirt. I finished up and took the hoover back to the cupboard. By now I was dying for a wee and had to dance on the spot whilst I put the hoover away. I walked back into the kitchen and walked over to him. I leant over the table right next to him to organise the magazines to tease him.

As I did I put pressure on my bladder and I felt like I was about to lose it so I stood up and walked round him tracing my fingers along his neck. I walked towards the door heading for the bathroom and he grabbed my hand and pulled me back. He looked me up and down and stuck his hand out to touch my leg and I slapped it away saying “not yet you naughty boy, I still have work to do, im going for a wee then I have to clean the kitchen”. Again I set off towards the door and suddenly he shouted “where do you think you are going?”. I turned round and found him glaring at me. At first I was worried then I realised he had gone into roleplay. I love it when he does that, just out of nowhere starts roleplaying.

“i was just going for a wee” I said.

“I don't think so, I hired you to clean my house and does that look clean to you” he replied pointing at the dishes in the sink”.

“I know, I'm going to do them, I just need a wee first”. He stood up and walked towards me.

“I'm getting fed up of you, half arsed cleaning, slacking on the job, your attitude....If you can't prove to me you are a competent cleaner then I will have to hire someone else....so here you go, prove your worth”

Against my bladders wishes I turned and walked towards the sink. I switched the tap on and winced as the water rushed into the bowl, the sound rushing straight to my bladder. I crossed my legs tight and waited for the bowl to fill. I put my hands into the bowl and as my hands came into contact with the warm water I felt like I was about to wet myself right there. I crossed my legs and set about washing the dishes. I kept having to bob down and squeeze my legs together to stop from peeing all over the floor. I knew he was watching me and every time I looked round he was staring at my legs. Knowing he was enjoying my actions was turning me on greatly and I could feel my knickers starting to get moist with love juice.

I finally finished the washing up and braced myself as I tipped the water out of the bowl. I spun round and said “can I go now please”. He chuckled and said “are you just going to leave the plates there like that?”. I looked at them and said “if I dry them and put them away then can I go to the bathroom. He nodded and I recrossed my legs, grabbed the towel and set about drying the dishes. I dried them all and stacked them up then started putting them away. Having to walk round the kitchen to put things away was so hard when I was holding back a bursting bladder. I finally got everything put away and stood there in front of him dancing from foot to foot holding myself up my skirt. I asked if I could go to the bathroom now and he nodded and said “you can, after we check your work”. He told me to follow him and followed him out of the kitchen.

We walked into the back living room and he looked round and nodded “this is acceptable good job”. He then grabbed my hand and led me to the front living room and said the same thing. We then went upstairs and walked into our bedroom. He looked around and started tutting. I asked what was wrong and he pointed to the clothes on the bed and the clutter on my desk and the shelves.

“this is what im talking about, you start cleaning a room then you get distracted or slack off and it doesn't get finished, now finish this room and then you can go to the bathroom. I protested with him and he replied “do you want to keep your job, I can quite easily hire another cleaner”. I set about tidying the clothes off the bed and putting them away. I kept having to stop and dance each time a wave of desperation ran through my body. I then set about organising my desk and straightening it up. As I did he sat on the bed watching me. It was turning me on so much being forced to hold on without actually being told to hold on. Lots of times he makes me hold and I love it but this was different in that he wasn't telling me hold. I had to hold on whilst I did things and it felt so good. I finally finished cleaning the room.....or so I thought.

As I walked towards the door to admire my work he stood up and said “i think you missed something”. I looked round wondering what then noticed the bed was unmade. I winced as a huge wave of desperation flooded through me and made my pee hole tremble. I gained control and went over and made the bed. In my desperate state it took a while but I got it done. He nodded and said “see, you are a good cleaner, you just need to focus”. Now you can to go to the bathroom. Just hearing that almost made me burst. I dashed across the landing into the bathroom and the sight of the toilet in front of me made it feel 100x worse. I felt seconds away from wetting myself. As I walked towards to the toilet he grabbed my hand. I looked at him and asked what was up.

“You asked to come to the bathroom and now you are here, but you still have to prove to me you are worth while and this is the final room that needs cleaning, do a good job and you may just keep your job”.

I groaned in desperation. Being so close to relief was torture but at the same time I was loving it. This was going to be tough. I started with the shower. I grabbed a cloth and turned the shower on to wash down the glass walls. The sound of the running water was too much and drips started to escape past my aching pee hole and dampen my knickers. I had to hurry. I quickly finished the shower then walked over and wiped round the bath. Then the sink. By the time I had done I was seriously bursting. My bladder was about to explode, I kept on losing drips into my knickers and felt like any second they would turn into a flood. How I was going to hold on during the next bit I had no idea but I had to try.

I turned to the toilet and knelt down in front of it. As I started wiping around it my bladder started contracting like crazy. A leak escaped, and another. They wouldn't stop. They just kept spraying out of my pee hole which I could no longer keep closed. I Jammed my hand up my skirt and pushed against it to help keep the leaks contained. Finally I finished cleaning it and stood up, dancing from foot to foot. I looked at him and he had a look of desire on his face. I asked what was wrong and he said “you have no idea how sexy the sound of your heels are clicking on the floor as you dance in desperation”. He then resumed his role and came over to inspect. “that looks good to me”.

“can I go pee now” I asked.

“ya know what, forget roleplaying watching you dance around like that is too sexy.

I giggled and said “glad you are enjoying it so much, but if you don't let me use the toilet in the next few seconds im going to wee myself. Im already leaking like mad”.

“oh really, lift up your skirt”. I lifted up my skirt and showed him the yellow patch that had started to form on the front of my white knickers. He smiled at it and said “you can't pee just yet, that would be too nice of me, however you can sit on the toilet”. I looked at him and said “im not sitting on the toilet if im not allowed to pee, that would be torture.

He glared at me and said “did that sound like a suggestion, that was an order missy, sit on the toilet and if you dare wet your knickers then you will be punished. I giggled and said “but you know how much I enjoy being punished so its win win”.

He chuckled and said “if you choose not to sit on the toilet, or you sit on the toilet and you pee then I know how to punish you....im guessing by now you are feeling more than a little horny and would love nothing more than for me to slide my tongue into your knickers and make you cum. My eyes widened and I nodded, I did want that, I wanted that so bad. “well....if you are a good girl then I will do that, if you are bad however I won't do that and you wont get to cum”.

I immediately sat down on the toilet. I wanted to cum so bad so I had to be a good girl. But sitting on the toilet was so hard, my bladder was trying to relax and force my pee hole to open up and let the flood commence. I was trying so hard to hold on but a leak escaped. I gasped and he said “to make it even more interesting, if I hear a single splash of pee in that toilet you will have to make me cum first. This is something we love doing. One of us will get really desperate and then when they are about to wet themselves they have to play with the other person and make them cum, only when they have made them cum can they go pee. I was torn, I wanted to pee so bad and wanted to be a good girl but on the other hand I wanted to play with him.

Before I could do anything I spurted, luckily my knickers soaked it up but then just as I was sighing in relief I spurted again and this one shot straight through my knickers and landed in the water below. He heard it and walked towards me. I watched as he pulled his cock out and said “you know the rules”. I leant forward and wrapped my lips around it and began sucking it. Hearing him moan made me horny and the more horny I got the more harder it got to hold. All I had to do was make him blow his load then I could pee, I knew how to do it, he wouldn't be able to hold it back for long.

I pulled back and started stroking with my hands and looked up at him. “ooooooo please cum for me baby, im so desperate for a wee, if you don't cum soon Im going to wet my knickers and be a very naughty girl, please please please cum for me, I want it so bad, im about to burst”. After a minute or so of me saying these things I felt his cock tighten in my hand and I wrapped my lips around his cock and as soon as I felt his cum burst onto my tongue my bladder just gave up and I lost all control and burst. The pee gushed out of my pee hole and soaked through my knickers into the toilet. I moaned in relief as I licked up all his cum. My bladder finally emptied and I pulled back sighing in pure relief.

He looked at me smiling and said “i know I said if you were bad you would be punished but guess what.....I love naughty girls”. He grabbed my hand and led me into the bedroom and through me down onto the bed. His fingers ran up my skirt and began rubbing my throbbing pussy through my pee soaked knickers. My entire body bucked in response and within seconds I was shaking as he brought me to a powerful orgasm. Before the first one had finished he stuck his head up my skirt and began licking at my swollen clit making me cum over and over again.

After what felt like an eternity of orgasmic bliss I could only lay on the bed shaking and moaning as I slowly recovered. When I finally recovered some energy I slid my knickers off, climbed on top of him and fucked him like the naughty maid I was. Two hours later my maid costume was thrown all over the bedroom and we were both laid in pools of sweat completely spent. We spent the rest of the afternoon laid like that watching TV until it was time to get ready to go out......

End of part 1

Part 2 – Harley and a Black Cat

…...I could have laid there all night but we had to get ready as we were going to a party. I will use this opportunity to clear some confusion about the people I mention in my stories. There is Shadow or Matty, he is my husband, Casey who is my twin sister and kieran who has been Shadow's best friend since they were babies and is now engaged to my sister. Sometimes I say matt’s mate and sometimes I say my sisters bf, they are one and the same. That should clear up some confusion. Any way as I was saying we were going to a party, every year Kieran's mum throws a fancy dress party as it is her birthday on the second of November and coincides with Halloween weekend. However it isn't Halloween themed, we don't dress as witches or devils, its just a fancy dress party. This year the theme was Movie/comic villains. This year we decided to go as The Joker and Harley Quinn.

We got up and went and showered then Shadow set about doing his make up for the Joker. I couldn't decide which Harley to go as, it was a toss up between Original Harley and Arkham Harley. I decided to go with original Harley as I have done Arkham Harley earlier this year for a party. I put on some heart pattern knickers and then put my jumpsuit on. I love wearing it as it is so tight and moulds to my body. Once again I chose to skip wearing a bra and once again my nipples were poking through the material. I then put on my pumps, my mask and my bell hat and I was ready. I went downstairs and sat in the living room. My sister came downstairs 10 minutes later in her Black Cat costume and boy did she look sexy in her tight leather catsuit showing plenty of cleavage....even sexier when she put her white wig and white gloves on.

Then with the Joker and Hobgoblin we had our set. We had a great evening at the party and saw lots of great costumes and because it was kieran's mum we always stay until the very end and we were the last ones there. After asking many many times if she wanted help cleaning up and being shot down we decided to head home. We got in the car and set off to drop Kieran's sister off home. As we drove along all the wine and other drinks I had consumed throughout the evening were finding their way to my bladder and were rapidly filling it up. I crossed my legs over each other and gently wiggled. By the time we got his sisters house I was really desperate.

She got out of the car and waved us goodbye. Now it was just us four in the car I didn't need to be so shy about my need. I started wiggling and pee dancing in the back seat and my sister said “you too huh?”. I looked at her and she said “im busting for a wee too”. It was then I noticed her squirming. We drove along for another 10 minutes and my bladder just filled more and more, I was dying for a wee and was starting to doubt if I would make it home. My sister kept asking Matty to hurry up and get a shift on. 5 minutes later I was starting to have an accident. I kept leaking into my knickers and judging by my sister she was the same.

We finally got home and we jumped out of the car and we were both stood by the door dancing like mad. “hurry up and open the door, i'm about to wet myself” I said. Matty opened the door and we all went inside. As we were kicking our shoes off Kieran said “btw girls, first dibs on the bathroom” and dashed upstairs. We dashed up after him and stood on the landing dancing around like mad clutching our pussies. I felt my fingers getting wet as the leaks kept coming. My bladder felt rock hard bulging against the spandex of my jumpsuit.

After a couple of minutes Kieran came out of the bathroom and as I watched her wet patch getting rapidly bigger I told her she could go first. We went in together and she ran to the toilet. She suddenly gasped and said “oh god oh god oh god Gemmy can you undo my zip on the back.....oooooo hurry hurry hurry its coming out”. I walked over and pulled down her zip for her. She then went into a flurry of movement as she desperately tried to escape from her catsuit. She kept stopping and squeezing her legs and moaning. She eventually got it down and plonked down on the toilet and immediately pee'd through her knickers.

That was it, the sound of her pee cascading into the toilet coupled with the sound of her relieved sigh was too much for my poor bladder and I started spurting uncontrollably. I jammed my hand against my pee hole through my jumpsuit and stemmed the flow but now I was beside myself with desperation. I told her to hurry up over and over. Eventually she finished and flushed the toilet. The sound of all that water almost made me lose all control but I managed to keep my composure. I walked over to the toilet and then realised I was in a pickle. To take my jumpsuit off I would need both hands but If I moved my hand away from my pee hole there was no way it could hold back the flood on its own. I asked my sister to pull down my suit.

She started pulling it down slowly, giggling as she exposed my pointy nipples. She reached my waist and told me to take my hand away. I told her I couldn't without starting to wet myself. She said she would do it quick and I braced myself. She grabbed my suit again and said “NOW”. I pulled my hand away and felt pee start to trickle out into my knickers. She yanked the suit down past my kness and as she did my pee hole burst open and I started to pee uncontrollably. I quickly moved over the toilet and pee'd through the knickers. It felt incredible. I sighed in ecstatic relief as my bladder emptied. Once it had completely emptied I stood up and kicked off my suit. I walked into my bedroom and Matty asked If I wanted a cuppa. I said I did and he went downstairs. As I put my suit down I noticed my Arkham Asylum Harley costume on the bed from earlier and decided to give him one last Halloween treat.

I took it into my sisters room and put it on. Put the boots on and fixed my hair. When I heard him come back upstairs I went and stood at my bedroom door and admired him in his joker coat. In my Cutesy Harley voice I said “oh Mr J. you look so handsome”. He turned round and his jaw dropped. I walked over and kissed him. We fell back onto the bed and continued making out. I felt his bulge pressing on my leg.

“uh oh, whats that Mr J. is that one of your silly gags.....ooooh Mr J, whats this all about, did you enjoy watching me need to pee.....you are so naughty Mr J”

We then proceeded to have some naughty Arkham Sexy time until we were both done and collapsed on each other and fell asleep......

End of Part 2

Part 3 – Mr J. Knows Best

I woke up on Sunday morning and it took me a moment to realise why I was fully dressed. Then I remembered we had just fallen asleep after our naughty time. I looked down and giggled at my outfit. After I came round I noticed my bladder was crying for attention. All the drink from last night was sitting heavy in it and desperately wanted to be let out. I rolled over and found the Joker staring at me. He smiled and said good morning. I laughed and asked why he was still dressed up. He said he couldn't be bothered getting up to get changed and remove the make up. I laughed and went to get up. He asked where I was going and I said “for a wee cos im bursting and I'm almost making a puddle on the bed”.

I went to stand up I felt a hand on my arm and he pulled me back into bed. He laughed and said “oho no, you don't think im just going to let a desperate Harley Quinn leave do you”. I giggled and squirmed around wondering what he had in mind. He looked at me and said Mr J. wants you to hold it for him. I sat on top of him and squirmed like mad as my bladder pushed down on my peehole. After 15 minutes I was seriously close to exploding all over him and told him I was about to wee myself. He looked at and grinned, which when he does his evil grin like that I know he is up to something but when he did it with joker make up and green hair he just looked freaky as hell and I found it so exciting.

He flipped me over and then got up and went to the cupboard. He came back with my spread bar. If you dont know what a spread bar is it is a metal pole with straps either end that is designed to be strapped around each of your ankles and is to stop you from being able to close your legs, we use it a lot for bdsm. He spread me legs open and strapped my ankles in and extended the pole so they were open as wide as they would go. He then laid down next to me and ran his fingers up my skirt and started to rub my pussy.

Within minutes I was dripping wet and on edge and felt like I was about to cum and pee. He looked at me and it was then I knew what he was doing. My whole body tensed in excitement as his lips parted and he said “100”. I posted a thread last week about this, the 100 – 1 challenge is where you get on edge then you have to rub yourself and not stop while you countdown from 100 and you can't cum till you reach 1...or at least try not to. We do it with both cumming and peeing. All I had to do was concentrate on not peeing or cumming until he reached 1, but the way I felt I was about to do both right there and then.

99.......

98........

97........

96.......

95.......

94........

I was squirming around in ecstasy as he counted down at a snails pace, there was no way I was going to make it 1. My whole body was aching as it teetered on the edge of exploding.

85.......

84........

83.........

82........

81........

To make matters worse he started to lick and suck on my nipples and every so often would smack them making them throb and almost make me lose control. By the time he reached 50 I was going crazy. I was leaking pee into my knickers, I was dripping love juice everywhere, I was starting to shake, I couldn't stop moaning. I said I was going to cum and suddenly he slapped me and said “don't you dare”. This really didn't help, I get so turned on when he slaps me, not viciously dont worry, just enough to sting my cheek. His mouth appeared next to my ear and he started to whisper the numbers into my ear.

44.........

43.........

42.........

“i bet you want to cum right now dont you”

41...........

40..........

“why don't you just pee, it will feel so good”.

He was sending me closer to the edge of losing all control and wished he would hurry up and get to 1. I was going light-headed with the concentration of holding back my bladder and my orgasm. I zoned out completely. I could hear him counting in my ear but I had no idea where he was. My entire body was on fire, the pleasure coursing through me was unbearable. My bladder was aching so bad but yet only added to the pleasure. He must have sensed I was zoned out as he slapped me again. I squealed in ecstasy. He spoke again and he was down to 20. Oh god it was so close, so close to being able to let go, thats all I wanted.

The leaks were getting bigger and bigger, I could feel a puddle forming under my bum. He got to 10, then to 5 then to 2 then he whispered in my ear, by the way baby, this is the triple challenge. I moaned out in desperation but I just got more excited. The triple challenge is where we get to 1 then start at 50 then when you get to 1 again you start at 25. He said 50 and began the countdown back to 1. By the time he hit 30 I was spurting like mad. I wanted to squeeze my legs around my aching pee hole but the bar wouldn’t allow it and every time I tried to put my hand there he slapped it away. I resorted to just gripping the sheets. I wasn't paying attention, I was just enjoying the feeling then I heard him say 1 and go to 25. This was it, the final stretch, I could do it, I had to do it. My bladder starting squeezing harder and harder and I was in serious danger of losing it.

An eternity seem to pass then I heard -

6.......

5.............

4.......................

3...................................

2.......................................................

1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! “cum for me baby”.

The moment he said those words I let go and my entire body exploded in intense unbearable pleasure and as it did I felt my pee hole open and my bladder empty all over the bed. I could only lay there as this feeling ripped through me. I never wanted it to stop....and it wouldn’t. He kept on rubbing my clit making it keep going. I went light-headed, my eyes went white and then there was nothing but the feeling. I came round about 10 minutes later laid in a puddle of pee and cum feeling absolutely wrecked. If only it was Halloween every week ;)

The End

Hope you enjoyed the account of my naughty Halloween weekend.

Gemmy xx

*004*2014-11-04 11:09

{{ 

Wow..to say I enjoyed it would be a massive understatement...

}}

Thanks

{{ 

Wow Gemmy, thanks for sharing this incredible weekend with us. I loved reading every word.

}}

You are most welcome, im glad you enjoyed it :)

*008*2014-11-06 00:35

{{ 

I really want to read a story of yours where Matty is desperate, and you make him make you cum before he goes. Now I am intrigued.

}}

I have plenty of those to tell, i will write one up soon...possibly tomorrow.

*009*2014-11-06 11:57

{{ 

I really want to read a story of yours where Matty is desperate, and you make him make you cum before he goes. Now I am intrigued.

}}

I posted a story just now about this :)

