[SIGHTING] Peeing during School Play

Author: urinate987

*000*2015-06-09 16:38

Alright, for my first post on this forum, I'll recount something that happened a couple of years ago, back when I was in high school. A few quick notes: my school is fairly small and therefore has a combined elementary/middle/high school system (don't ask...). Also, some parts of the story have been edited either to make them more understandable without the context of actually being there or due to privacy concerns. Alright, let's get on with the story!

During the annual school musical performed by Grades 4-7 (Elementary+Part of Middle School), high school students like me were usually chosen to act as stagehands, managing props, music and lighting cues. That year (I was in Grade 10), I was luckily chosen to be "stage manager", which essentially meant spending weeks in rehearsals making notes about the play to be used during the actual performance, as well as getting the added bonus of a wireless earpiece to scream at people with ;).

Anyways, during the play itself (which was "The Wizard of Oz"), the Grade 6 girl playing Dorothy was getting fairly... nervous regarding her role. She was constantly fidgeting and drinking a lot of water for a supposed headache. Now, nerves and water aren't a very good combo, and she was fairly desperate back in the wings by the time a fellow stagehand and I had completed the obviously mandatory "Please turn off all mobile devices, blah blah blah" speech. She was okay for the first scene, only fidgeting a tiny bit on stage. However, during the second scene, right in the middle of a line... You guessed it.

She had an accident on stage. She immediately turned her back to the audience and started weeping; due to the fact that the person assigned to the curtains and lighting was coincidentally in the bathroom (get it? ;) ), I had to run on stage, drag the curtains closed, and run over to comfort her. What do you mean I had other motives besides making her feel better and fullfilling my duty as stage manager...? *devilish looks ensue*

