Some of The First I had Seen 4

Author: diaperpeeftw

*000*2013-01-25 09:50

This is a story from 7th grade again but this one involves my next door neighbor Olga.

It was summer hot and dry and oh so boring, lucky for me the door bell rang and it was my next door neighbor and her brother and the girl from across the street (from my last story). My neighbor Olga which we simply called "G" was wearing skinny jeans and a blue graphic t-shirt.

My neighbor was short and had a little "meat" on her (like the perfect amount not like chubby even), she also had long flowing smooth brown hair. Now the girl from across the street who was a bit taller and very slender was there in non other than a pink tank top and a blue skirt (lucky day for me). they all wanted to know if I wanted to play capture the flag which I gladly excepted. we were split guys V. girls the flags were cans of soda which ever team lost had to drink them. through out this game I got some great views of panties and hemm... other things, but too the point. the girl from across the street had to go home and G's little brother had to go help his mom so here it was just me and a girl trying to think of what we should do next. I noticed she was fidgeting around a bit when it hit me that she probably had to pee! That's also when I got one of my great devilish ideas.

I asked if she wanted to put on some diapers (considering she had some at her house for here younger sister)

Too my amazement once again she said "sure"

She came back with two and we went into my house. my parents had gone somewhere at the time so just me and her.

She first just put the diaper on over her jeans and i did too she smile and said

"this is fun" which I replied

"wouldn't it be more fun if you were actually wearing it"

She respond quite fast and said "of course, your right!"

She immediately took off her jeans and i had full view of her panties. she told me not to look at them so much but she then slid the diaper over her underwear and put back on her jeans.

Unless you knew she was wearing a diaper you never would have guessed. we then started to play video games and I started to notice that she was getting very desperate and having fun too.

I reminded her as a joke

"you know your still wearing a diaper , right?"

She said

"well I guess I better use it but I will wait as long as I can." (I began to get the feeling the girls around my neighborhood knew something about my fetish)

She stood up grabbed her crotch and just kind of stood there moving around jumping and the like. It wasn't more than a couple minutes later that she said

"I can't hold it any more! I'm going to burst!"

I told here she was still wearing here underwear but she said it was too late to take off

But I also told here she better take off here jeans in case it leaks, so she did

She stood there in a diaper legs spread shoulder with apart hands on her sides and let out a big sigh of relief, that's when i heard the best hissing sound ever. she must have really had to go but then suddenly a great big

"oh no came out of her mouth" the diaper was leaking all flowing down her thighs onto the floor she stop peeing for like five seconds through off the diaper and then continued it was just pouring out of her like a water fall of bursting dam her knees were starting to buckle and she was shaking as she completely lost control and was just standing there completely letting it all out.

After that we cleaned up I through out my diaper and she said that it would take a while before her panties dried so she put the wet diaper on in the bathroom and hung her panties up too dry.

It was a great time that I wont forget but I never really got much action from her again.

I hope you all enjoyed!

Feed back much appreciated!

Third story: 

$/11589-some-of-the-first-i-had-seen-part-iii/

First and second: 

$/11540-some-of-the-first-i-had-seen/

*003*2013-01-31 06:11

I will be posting the experience I had after this one on this thread in the next 24 hours. This one will be very interesting. ;)

