An Interesting Party

Author: AD51

*000*2015-11-14 12:54

I never thought I'd be writing an experience here, but here's what happened at a Halloween party I went to. I'm a bit late of course, but things have been pretty hectic for me lately.

Anyway to begin I went with a group of friends to a party being hosted by one of their "bf's" (it's complicated). It was fun had a good time for the most part, but there was this one Indian girl that was wasted when we arrived. She was wearing a short blue dress with wings on the back, I assume she was a fairy. I thought to myself that I am definitely avoiding her, boy was I wrong. I did try, but her constant movement had her run into me multiple times, and by run into I mean it literally. I felt as if I was tackled every time I saw her. So even though I didn't want to, I did learn her name and some details about herself.

She was really drunk, to the point where she could barely walk sometimes. One time when I caught her from falling she mentioned to me about how she needed the bathroom. So I decided that she probably needed help getting there so I got her to the door. I guess seeing the toilet must have made her realize how bad she needed to go because when I opened the door, she immediately jumped out of my arms, ran straight to the toilet, pulled down her panties and let loose. She looked over at me and yelled for me to close the door, in embarrassment I did. I was completely shocked at how quick that transpired and also figured that would be the closest I would ever see a girl pee in my life.

Soon after that, I found her waiting by the bathroom door because she needed to pee again. Later on, I asked her how much she had to drink and she said 12 shots, and that's not accounting all of the water people gave her to space out the alcohol. I was about to go hang out with some of my friends when she grabbed me and told me to wait with her. we just waited there for a few minutes, talking, when all of a sudden she starts panicking rushing to the door and knocking on it. Yelling how she can't wait and that she's going to piss herself. I told her to calm down and not rush whoever was in there, but she pulled on the door handle revealing that no one was using the bathroom, much to her chagrin and that of another girl waiting.

With how much she drank and was drinking it was no surprise that she needed another piss. I had just given her a glass of water so she wouldn't keep drinking alcohol, which if I recall correctly she had stopped by then. Yet again, she told me to help her to the bathroom, which I did since I figured it'd be just like the first time. Except this time, when I open the door for her, she tells me to help her pee and pulls me into the bathroom. I'm thinking to myself, "oh no, what am I doing in here. This is just awkward." She keeps this type of death lock on my arm while she pulls down her panties and sits on the toilet. "Please don't look at me." she says, I guess she wasn't drunk enough to forget her dignity. There she just sighed and let loose the contents of her bladder while I cover my eyes and hope she doesn't notice my boner.

"Oh my gosh what is that?" In that moment I thought she saw it, as she said this mid-pee. In a poor reaction, I look back and see that she is pointing at my pikachu key-chain. And then I realized that I broke her rule of not looking and and quickly look away and cover my eyes. After that was over she apparently decided to give me her number, I'm not sure how to feel about that considering most of our interactions were about her peeing. By then I thought my night was over. Me being wrong on this night sure was common wasn't it?

For some odd reason, she wanted ice cream and was going to drive to the gas station to get some. Being fully aware of basic driving laws and how much she's had to drink I decide, why not drive her. At this point I kind of warmed up to her so it wasn't that bad. Except I didn't expect her to say what she did when we were outside by her car. As all of you would have easily guessed she said that she needed another piss. I asked if she wanted to head back inside to the bathroom, but she responded that she wouldn't make it. She then yelled at me to put away my light (I was using a flashlight app on my phone to see in the dark) and to look away as she proceeded to pull down her panties and squat right where she was and pissed.

And that was basically my night at that party.

*003*2015-11-16 04:40

{{: 

Wow, talk about an overactive bladder! Still, lucky that you managed to be in all the right places at all the right times. Good for you, man. Thanks for sharing this with us.

}}

I would only say lucky for the first two. I think she started to like me more after that considering that she said I was the only one that was "nice" to her and wanted to be with me more after that.

