My two desperate drives home... plus another drive from last year ;)

Author: Beatrix

*000*2013-04-24 18:28

Heya guys, I'd thought I'd share a couple of experiences I've had recently - it's been a while since I have so I hope you all enjoy them both :)

For those who don't know every weekend I have my sister stay over with me. She lives an hour away from me now so as you can imagine I clock up two hours of driving twice each weekend - and surprisingly I barely ever have any moments when I'm desperate... until the last two weekends :p

Jumping back two weeks, on the drive up to drop off my sister on the Sunday I had had two cups of tea that afternoon before I left. I have an unusually large bladder so you'd think two cups wouldn't affect me as much as others but I also suffer with an insanely fast metabolism. Long story short what I drink hits my bladder very fast, usually within 30mins - and if I'm drinking a lot I'd say even as quick as 15mins!

Driving up that day I was wearing my new dark blue/white summer skirt, a black vest top and black bra, and IIRC pink knickers (which doesn't surprise me, pink is a common colour for me!). I started feeling desperate about 20mins in, and even then was debating on when I should wee, whether it be at my mum's house or on a country lane on the way back home. As we got closer my bladder started getting fuller and fuller, and eventually I had to start bouncing in my seat to hold on. Even my sister picked up on this and giggled to herself, so at least I knew she wouldn't make things worse.

We got to our mum's house and I dropped her and set off again by now I was busting and crossing my legs before I got back into the car and set off. Whenever I wasn't changing gear my hand was holding my weehole, trying to keep the flood inside my swollen, bulging bladder. I kept whispering to myself over and over "I need to wee, I gotta wee, where can I stop?" I could feel my weehole twitching and wanting to relax and open, but I held it tightly when I could.

10 minutes after I had set off I had gotten to a country lane where I knew I could pull over and wee. I slowed down and frantically looked around for a clearing where I could go. Eventually I found a spot - a muddy area on a large, wide corner. I knew that it was a highly-visible place but my bladder didn't care about that - it was either there or in my car :p I pulled over and jumped out, dancing on the spot as I hobbled round to the other side of the car.

I looked around to make sure it was clear, and I just squatted, lifted my skirt, spread my legs wide, and let my wee stream out in a torrent through my knickers, soaking them through instantly. I nearly came just weeing there, it was so good to finally let it out. As much as I was enjoying the moment I had to finish quickly before anyone came nearby, so I was almost forcing my wee out, pushing out as fast as I could. Eventually my massive wee finished and I quickly stood up, flattened my skirt down, jumped in my car and sat on my hoodie that I had with me and carried on.

I got back about 50mins later and it was then I was finally able to inspect what I had done - my pinks had dried a little bit but were still dark and damp, and it felt amazing to feel the wetness through them ;)

At this point I thought that wouldn't happen again.

So last weekend the drive up went much the same :p I was desperate early on and busting as I set off after dropping off my sister. Again, driving down the country lane I was looking for a place to wee again. I found a different spot, more crowded this time. I hopped out and was about to squat when a friggin' car started coming past! I had to stand and bounce, turning my back to the car to hold myself up my skirt and try not to wee my pink and white stripey knickers before the car went past. 

I was moaning under my breath, rubbing my weehole (and consequently, my throbbing clit ;) ) to hold it in just a few more seconds. Finally the car went past and in a heartbeat I squatted and weed through my knickers, as I had the week before. I swear this wee was even bigger than the last, making a massive puddle on the ground, pooling under my sandals and my bum. Again I jumped in my car and sat on my hoodie and drove on, this time enjoying my wet knickers, rubbing them up my skirt as I drove home on the motorway.

And now for a story that I had last year - again on this drive home! :p

This time I had skin-tight jeans on and I think I had blue knickers on this time. I wasn't desperate until I left from my mum's, but I got home busting and had a huge bladder bulge this time. I had to undo my jeans on the way back and was holding through my jeans every time I had the chance, bouncing in my car seat and telling myself to hold on, begging my bladder to hold on until I had gotten home. I managed it without leaking (just!) and got out my car quickly, bouncing in place as I locked it and walking slowly with my legs tight together until I got into my then-block of flats. I hobbled up the steps to the first floor and to my flat, holding myself tight through my jeans and pressing my fingertips into my quivering weehole.

I kept saying to myself over and over "i'm gonna wee myself, i'm gonna wee myself!!" as I unlocked my door, darting in and running into the bathroom. I just jumped in the bath and let go, my bladder emptying fast and hard, my wee streaming down my legs and darkening my jeans rapidly. I just moaning and breathed heavily, holding my tummy and feeling my swollen bladder deflate inside of me. The torrent rushing out of my weehole was vibrating inside my knickers as it poured out, exciting my throbbing clit and making me almost cum as I soaked myself. After what seemed like an eternity, I sat down in the bath in my wet jeans and slid my hands inside of them ;) Let's just say that orgasm was well worth the wait!

I hope you all enjoyed these stories everyone - I've set myself a challenge to not wee on these journeys, so by Sunday you might be reading another story of mine much like these ;)

Love Bea Bea xxxxx

