Wetsuit wetting at the beach

Author: Barry

*000*2016-02-13 23:10

Yesterday I decided I was going for an early surf. I wanted to be at the beach by about 7:30, so I got up at 6:00. I had woken up at 2:00am and had a pee, so my need for a morning pee was there, but not urgent, so I decided to hold on till I got to the beach.

I usually put my wetsuit on over my legs and butt at home, and leave the top half pulled down until I get there. It's only a 10 minute drive to the surf beach, so it's not too uncomfortable, and it's easier than struggling into it in the car park once there. I wanted to go to the shop first though, and didn't want to walk around half in my wetty, so I decided to just put in on at the beach for a change.

I drank 2 coffees, retrieved my board from the garage, and after a quick waxing, (of the board I mean!) I headed off.

By the time I got to the shop, I was feeling a strong need to pee. Perhaps not desperate as such, but the coffees had worked their magic, and I was feeling the build up happening quickly. I considered putting my wetsuit on in the shop car park, as it's nice to pee a little bit into as I drive, but in the end I decided to hold on for a bit longer. The shop was 5 minutes from home but in the opposite direction, meaning I was 15 minutes away from the beach. I'd bought cigarettes, so I lit one and headed off.

It was an uneventful drive, but I was easily 8/10 on the desperation scale when I arrived. I was wearing cotton briefs, and thick cotton board shorts, (white, green and black) and a t shirt. When I got there, I parked and opened the tailgate of my wagon, and sat on the back as I manoeuvred my feet into my suit and gradually worked it up over my legs and hips. I removed my shirt and squeezed into the top half. I'm not obese, but I'm a bit on the heavy side, and I always feel a bit self conscious wearing something that's so form fitting and tight, but I try to get past that.

Feeling at least 8.5/10 by now, I grabbed my board and started the walk to the beach. There were quite a few people around, even at that hour, and I could feel my bladder twitching with pent up anticipation with what was about to happen.

As I walked up the cement ramp over the dunes in front of the sand, I relaxed my bladder briefly, and intended on letting just a bit out. However, my need was stronger than my intention, and I immediately started peeing a lot harder than I'd intended, and gushed for at least 5 seconds flat out before I could regain control. This resulted in me flooding my shorts, and with the tight wetsuit hugging me firmly all over, I was treated to a wonderful feeling of spreading warmth held neatly in place, just like a diaper, as it was forced to first fully soak my shorts from waistband to legs, before finally forcing its way out, and slowly trickling down my right leg.

My suit has a small hole in the seam of the crotch, and after making sure no one was around, I stood at the end of the cement where the actual beach starts, and pretended to examine the surf as I adjusted my wetsuit, pulling it up and around a bit. I squirted again, not quite intentionally this time, and longer than the first.

This was really accidental, and once again I felt pee soaking my already wet pants. But this time it ran down both legs, and started dripping out from the hole in the crotch! I struggled to stop, and a thin stream started running straight out, as well as from the bottom of the leg holes, and started splattering onto the cement. I quickly looked at the small puddle that formed, then wasted no time stepping into the sand and walking away. I clenched tightly to stop the flow, and managed a brief pause as I walked.

But by now I'd emptied perhaps a third of my bladders contents, had stopped mid stream, and I could use my hand to readjust myself or to hold on, so I picked out an empty spot on the beach and started towards it. But all hope of control was lost. I'd let too much out and the rest needed to be released. As I'd forced myself to stop mid stream, there was an undelivered river waiting at the tip of my willie, and I honestly couldn't hold on any longer.

I lost complete control as I walked, and started fully and uncontrollably wetting myself. As I walked along the sand, pee was freely flowing down both legs then out over my feet, and a steady stream was running out of the hole in the seam. I reached my spot and stood still. There was no one in the immediate vicinity so I stood still, legs partly spread and just gave in to the feeling. The amount of pee I had been holding seemed enormous, but the restrictive material around my groin holds the pee in place and restricts the flow a bit, so it seems like I'm peeing more than usual. As I gave in and let go, and enjoyed the hot wetness coating my legs and groin, and pooling around my butt, I suddenly let loose with a long and loud fart at the same time. I hadn't been feeling that at all, and thought at the time I may have sharted a bit, but thankfully I hadn't.

By the time I finished I was dripping from multiple locations. There were drips coming from the leg seams, the crotch, my leg holes, and from a small hole in the right knee as well. The sand underneath me had turned a darker colour in a circle about a foot round.

Amazed at my loss of control, and feeling super relaxed, I quickly waded into the water and nobody was the wiser. A great start to my day.

