Desperation of a Drama Student

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2013-06-17 20:16

This happened on the latter part of a road trip across the country where I’d been visiting a friend in Surrey with a few of my uni course-mates. I was in the backseat of Carl’s* car while Steph was riding shotgun.

Let me pause a moment to tell you a little about Steph. She’s very androgynous, but not in the butch, “dykey”way. Think trendy, gay man to get a grasp of her fashion sense. Her hair is short, dark and stylish with shaved sides and her figure is nice and trim. She and I had a bit of a thing during the start of our freshers year, but a year and a half down the line we’re just friends- although I’ll always have a bit of an attraction towards her.

Anyway, before we’d left our friend’s house, Steph and I had sat together in the kitchen drinking coffee and we’d both had two cups. After this, I made a point of peeing before we set off, because Steph had teased me mercilessly for making Carl stop at a service station so I could pee during our trip South and I didn’t want a repeat of this. Steph, however, was annoyed at the fact that Carl had taken so long to get ready and we were late setting off, so she made straight for the car.

I didn’t think much of this at the time. We were all tired after a busy few days with our friend, so Carl put some music on and we drove without much conversation for a while.

It was about half an hour into this two hour trip back to the Midlands when I became aware of the fact that Steph was trying to catch my eye in her mirror as though she wanted to tell me something.

“What?” I asked.

“I shouldn’t have had that second cup of coffee,” she said, pulling a face, “It goes right through me.”

I laughed, presuming Carl would be stopping at a service station soon as he did on the way. “I’ve got a bin back here you can pee into if you need it,” I joked.

“Not in my car she won’t,” Carl put in and I laughed, neither of us realising the urgency of the situation at this point. Steph had told me on the way down, after all- in the confident way she often spouts such facts- that women should be able to hold their bladders for four hours.

I remembered this at the time and repeated it back to Steph, and she scowled at me in the mirror. “Not when we’ve had two cups of coffee!” she said, then turned to Carl. “Can we stop at the next service station?” she asked, “I really need to go.”

Carl agreed to this and I settled down to wait with the thought of Steph’s full bladder in my head. I realised we’d get to the service station before long and I probably wouldn’t see anything exciting- but I was sure as hell going to enjoy this image while I could.

Soon, however, I was jolted out of my reverie by Carl’s worried voice and quickly tried to get the gist of what was going on. Apparently Steph had been whinging one more about how much she needed to pee and Carl had become genuinely worried about whether she would last until we reached the service station.

“Count all the black cars until we get there,” he advised her, in an attempt to distract her from her full bladder. Taking his advice, Steph leaned forward in her seat and focused avidly on the cars whizzing past us in the opposite direction. I imagined that her legs were pressed tightly together- possibly crossed- but being in the seat behind her, I couldn’t see her lower body. I could see her face though, and the way it was contorted into an anxious expression. I was getting butterflies by this point and kept my eyes on Steph as Carl started a conversation with me about something that I really didn’t care about at that moment in time.

She stayed in that position for several minutes- still and stiff- but then suddenly gave a gasp loud enough that Carl broke off what he was saying to me and turned to look at her. She was no longer looking out of the window, but was staring at her knees with her head down and her body hunched into itself.

“Steph?” I asked, my heartbeat quickening in excitement, “Are you okay?”

She stayed silent for several seconds before uttering the words that sent a shiver of arousal down my body: “I think I’m going to piss myself.”

“Surely not,” Carl scoffed immediately, “It’s not far until the service station now. Stop being such a drama queen and just wait a bit.”

Steph turned to him. Her body was shaking and from my position behind her I could see the tears in her eyes and hear the quiver in her voice. “I can’t, Carl. Just pull over by the side of the road. I can’t hold it anymore.”

Carl refused to do this, but he did pull into the fast lane and begin driving considerably faster, obviously very concerned about the front seat of his car. While this was happening, Steph kept up a constant stream of speech as she continued begging Carl to stop the car: “Please stop. I can pull the car doors around me and nobody will see. Carl, I’m going to piss myself. Carl, I can’t wait, you need to stop!”

She was on the verge tears, curled up into a ball and trembling- to the extent to which I began to feel very sorry for her and hope that she would make it.

“Shall we play Down By the Harbour?” I asked, hoping to try and mimic Carl’s distraction tactic.

Steph immediately shook her head, however: “I can’t.”

“Tell me a story, then,” Carl suggested, “Any story to take your mind off it until we get to the service station.”

“I can’t!” Steph repeated, her voice getting shrill and hysterical now. “If I take any of my concentration off holding it in, I’ll just piss myself!”

By this time, we were driving at nearly 100mph in an effort to get to the service station in time. While Carl cursed and growled at any cars that got in his way, Steph was almost sobbing while she kept up her constant monologue about how she was going to piss herself. For my part, I had resorted to repeating meaningless, encouraging phrases: “You’ll be okay!”

“We’re nearly there!”

“Just a couple more minutes!”

I was interested in how Steph would fare when she finally got out of the car and had to stand up and she was clearly worried about the same thing: “If I stand up I think I’ll just piss myself,” she kept saying anxiously.

When we finally pulled in at the service station, Steph was ready and waiting at her door with her hand on the handle and her seatbelt unfastened.

“Just drop me off here!” she cried when Carl began automatically looking for a parking space. She didn’t even wait until the car had fully stopped before she had opened the door and got out. When she stood up, she froze for a minute and adjusted her jeans which had slipped down to display the top of her boxers, curtseying on the spot for a moment. Then, without warning, she took off and began sprinting towards the entrance to the service station. Carl and I watched her with mingled amusement and concern- and in my case arousal- before he turned to me.

“Shall we just wait in the car?” he asked.

“I’d better go and see if she’s okay,” I said, part of me not wanting to miss any more of the show and part of me genuinely worried that she might need fresh clothes.

I got out of the car and went through the service station into the ladies’ toilets, calling her as I went in.

There was a pause and then, “What?” she replied, sounding rather embarrassed.

“Are you okay?”

“... Yeah.”

“Made it in time, then?”

“Yes. I’m still going though.”

I laughed at this and went into the cubicle next to her to pee myself.

“Oh my god, Milly.* The relief is amazing,” Steph was moaning, which made me laugh more.

“Try not to orgasm,” I teased.

When she finally emerged, I subtly examined her jeans for any trace of wetness- but couldn’t see any. I’d like to think that her boxers were at least a little wet- but either way, I entertained myself for the rest of the journey by picturing them that way, sitting snug and damp under her jeans.

