Church Desperation Sighting

Author: ElleEnchanted

*000*2015-11-01 20:52

We were singing "Alleluia" gracefully. Everybody had a nice smile of their face and followed the people singing from the microphone. We all finished and were asked to take our seats. As I sat, I looked in front of me and saw a girl reading off the prayer book. She seemed to have an uncomfortable look on her face and crossed her legs tightly. The girl had, to seem, brown hair dyed orange with a black shirt and beige pants.

The priest started to speak. I examined her, she tried to see but she couldn't. To my luck, I had an empty seat beside me and she sat next to me to see the model the priest used on the table. I honestly couldn't focus on the mass, not with a desperate girl next to me. I kept looking at her win the side of my eye. The girl looked like she was maybe a late teen or an in her early 20s.

"We may all stand up and pray," the Priest said. All of us stood up, the girl read the prayer out of the book and crossed her legs. She bent down a couple of time. After a long minute, we sat back down. To check the time, the girl looked at her phone with a small text message from a friend reading, "Hey Agatha".

Agatha, nice name. Agatha started fidgeting and wiggling in her chair. She put her black purse over her crotch and slid her hands under. Agatha frequently bounced her legs and looked at the clock time to time. I decided to just ask her if she was okay, you known, just to be polite. I asked her and she nodded, surprisingly. I started to see where she was going.

There was only a few more minutes to the mass, her husband or boyfriend turned around. "Shh, Agatha," he said. Agatha whimpered and massaged her crotch secretly- she must've forgot I was literally right next to her. I didn't notice that my head accidentally turned around, I put my head on the direction of the mass, but my eyes continued looking at her.

Agatha looked desperately with her legs double crossed into her bag. She pulled out her phone and checked the time again. Only two more minutes and the mass would be over. Agatha moaned silently and examined her pants- dry. Everybody stood up to leave- the mass was over.

Agatha had a hard time getting up. Her boyfriend or husband found some friends and spoke to them. She bobbed and looked around. The church that I go to has no bathrooms and anybody needing to go would have to walk two streets down. The neighborhood isn't very popular and most of the stores are run-down.

I stayed and pretended to sing the leaving song, but really, I watched her. Agatha patted her companion, but he whisked her away. She bit her lip and left the church. I quickly grabbed my things and followed. I guess she was looking for portable bathrooms.

Agatha held her crotch. She went down to a grassy area and stopped suddenly as I hid. A small patch appeared on her beige pants. Agatha panicked and ran as fast as she could. I followed slowly behind. It was no use, before she could make it she wet herself entirely.

I hope you liked my small sighting :)

*005*2015-11-09 23:37

{{ 

Too bad nothing exciting like this ever happened when I was forced to go to church as a kid.

}}

Hah, ah well. Maybe next time

{{ 

Wait, so she did pee her pants?? If so what were people saying? How did she do it? Great story tho!

}}

Thanks. Sorry I was a bit unclear about that, but yes, she did wet her pants. I honestly don't know what people said because I saw the wetting and stopped following this girl as she panicked along the side walk. {{

At the church?! I almost feel guilty about enjoying this story and I'm Jewish.

But really, very nice story :)

}}

Haha, thanks {{

Cool sighting, Those beige pants must have made the wetting nice and noticeable !

}}

They did! I'm glad you enjoyed the sighting, thanks!

