Re-Wetting Day :D

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2014-02-16 19:15

I have spent the whole day being a naughty girl again :P

I woke up today at 8:30am which is early for me on a weekend haha :D I thought I would make the most of it by having a nice long wetting day :P hehe.

I started at 9:30am I drank loads and had 2 large cups of tea :) by 11:15am I was bursting to pee. I put my pearl thong on and a nice pair of black leggings, and a skirt over the top and headed out for a walk. On the walk my pearl panties just rubbed and massaged my little clitorous. It felt amazing and really didn't help the holding situation. I decided to let it all out at 11:30 so I walked into a hidden area in a forest near my home. I squatted down and just peed straight through my leggings. It felt so warm and nice. I walked back home and drank loads more haha.

By about 1:15 I was filling up again :P I was still damp and still had my pearls massaging my. I was damp from that as well ;) hehe. I took my fluffy slipper boots off my cute bare feet and slipped my high top converse onto my soft feet instead and again headed out for a nice walk. I went to visit more horses this time and while I was there I just burst and totally soaked my self all down my leggings and filling my converse with warm pee. It felt so damn good. My soft little toes were all warm and wet and so was my little pussy.

I walked back. On the way home my leggings dried quite well to just damp.

I drank loads again. By about 3:30 I was filling up again. I drink about 1l an hour when I am having wetting fun so I fill up quick. I headed out for another walk ;) putting back on my cold wet converse on my cute bare feet. I was feeling really daring this time as I was stupidly horny from my wet pearls rubbing me all day :O they felt so damn good.

I headed out towards town and then sat on a park bench. It was nice weather and not too busy but people were about. I pulled my skirt out from under my bum and then tucked my legs under the bench a bit. I started peeing. the pee flooded through the gaps in the bench and splashed all over my calfs and ran down my legs to my converse again :D I love having wet shoes on ;)

I sat as people walked passed the last few droplets of pee dripping into a dark wet puddle below me.

Walking back home was once again fun as my little feet splashed around in my pee soaked converse and my soft pussy was again being massaged by my pearl thong. I needed to finish my self off but I resisted as when I am horny im far more daring.

Another 2 hours passed and again about 5:30ish I was filling up again. This time I had been sat in my house on the computer with soaked leggings on and my wet converse all warm on my little feet. Moving my legs around a lot teasing my pussy with the pearls had made me really horny and super daring. I went for my first totally public wetting :D

I headed to the high street. It was getting a bit darker by 5:40ish and I was walking along the street horny as anything! I had to do something naughty :P

I just started walking along the high street slowly wetting as I walked :O getting distracted by shop windows and stuff like that. Pee running down my sexy legs and into my converse again. The pearls playing with me as I walked. It was sooo damn nice. I dont think anyone saw me (At least I hope they didn't) haha. I walked home very quickly this time though as I got nervous haha.

I got home about 6ish and now here I am at 10 past 7 building up for one final massive soaking :D I am still all warm and wet in my leggings and I have taken my converse off to let my cute little feet cool down and dry off until the next wetting haha :P Wish me luck!

*005*2014-02-18 18:19

My last wetting of that day was at about 7:45 :)

At 7:30 I put my converse back on which were all cold and wet -_- haha. I walked up to town again and my feet had warmed up a bit lol.

Anyways when I got to town I was bursting. I decided to walk along the high street to the public toilets. Try to get in and pretend they were shut and just stand outside of them and totally soak my self :P

I walked up to the toilet door and began frantically trying to open it but to no avail. I am sure I was seen by a couple of people that thought nothing of it as they walked passed. I grabbed my self and squirmed but holding my self just pushed my pearly panties against my pussy which tickled and felt so nice. I suddenly leaked. The pee flooded out of my like a waterfall flooding down my leggings and soaking my converse again warming up my little cute toes :P I just stood helplessly with my hands between my legs soaking my self. It felt AMAZING! haha. The walk home was so nice as well.

When I got home I went on my excersize bike with my wet converse, leggings, and pearl panties on :P it felt soo soo perfect :P haha


