Real Cheekly

Author: eduardotyc

*000*2013-09-20 16:12

What I tell them is real.

I saw my wife and a friend who accompanied her , a few days ago I was in a medical facility waiting to be called for a study.

The place in question ( I never saw him , men can not enter , I described it Duck ) , to give you an idea, it is a large lounge , a whole first floor divided into two parts: the front , which is accessed by lift or staircase has the general reception waiting areas and offices for inquiries or some other common ultrasound .

That's how any waiting room and can not see anything out of the ordinary .

But the back is separated from the other by a frosted glass screen and access is semi hidden by a bulkhead which makes like a maze : you have to go in and turn right and then left to go to another room.

Why so much ?

Because there urologic studies are complex and precision that makes that sometimes , patients must wait or directly scantily clad in lingerie or tiny hooks , thongs, etc. .

Alli also just enter the patients and companions.

The place also has its own reception , office nursing , chairs and a television , the corresponding water bottle for patients , wardrobe and bathroom .

Well, the thing is, the other day my wife and get her friend and go to that party and will receive , enter everything and tell my wife to remove the stockings and thong staying with her ​​skirt and barefoot and feel and wait for the van to call.

My wife 's friend about the locker room and there the friend she takes off pantyhose and bombachita (for new know we do not tell them that my wife has no arms , so the help) and well dressed and skirt but without underwear return to the waiting room and sit .

There were quite a few women , some dressed, others with almost nothing , other semivestidas as my wife , etc. . Most were taking or retaining water to prepare for the study. Even my wife 's friend was giving liquid .

After five or ten minutes of waiting , Pato and a friend see that office comes a woman, about 48 or 49 years old, of medium height, plump and well formed something that came out of a session of physical therapy exercises retention .

The lady wore only a black vedettina throughout covering garment and went bust, big enough for your height, with arms .

You should be with enough desire to urinate because when I went to enter the locker room, it's like they thought it better and kept going to the bathroom door.

I cross the room , so as I was and came to the bathroom door.

It so happened that two or three minutes before another woman had entered about 42, who came from another office very well dressed, very good clothes and is joined by three Chiquilinas of 13 or 14 years which, according to Duck, called attention so unruly and outrageous they were , for they called the lady, the largest was the niece and two daughters.

This lady , com told them , left the office and got into the bathroom along with the girls.

They closed the door and , after a while , I get the lady in vedettina and wanted to open the door , finding the bathroom busy :

- Oh, no - says the lady is busy ...... Well , I'll have to wait .....

And , standing with legs together front wing stays bathroom door.

Almost immediately , two women in their 30s and 40s , dressed and out of the locker room and head to the bathroom , where it is awaiting the lady, and get in line, quiet but with obvious desire to do his thing.

The First Lady , and more impatient, knocks on the door and from inside the other lady says:

Busy ....

The woman in vedettina says , as to whether :

- Have only one bathroom in this clinic ?

One that also was waiting says :

- Mrs. in the other room has a bathroom also .....

'Yes,' replied the lady vedettina - but this is the costume . Just as I am, the other I can not go and if I do not get seen first ......

That comes this lady 's companion , a friend or relative and says :

Are you done , Norma? We? .

- Wait I still could not go to the bathroom is occupied . The study and over but still could not go to the bathroom ...

- And , is there? , Go, go home ......

- I want to pee ...... and live far , it seems that I can not ........ I'll try to do here ............

Well, while I go get the car.

When the companion is gone, and the line for the bathroom costume was six or seven women in various stages of dress and some already visible need .....

The lady calls back to the door and answered :

- Busy ....

- Lady , leave the bathroom I'm in a hurry , was saying as he crossed his legs and put his hands between them. - ... Oh , I'm like exploding ...... please ....

Another row ladies asks

- Mrs , if self , no more should you go home ?

'I thought , but ..... I have to pee so ........... and live far ..... I'll try to do here before I go .....

To all this , not only this lady , but the other women who were in line, and were quite rushed and moving .

The first lady was moving constantly.

He returned to knock on the door as he said

Madam, here we all rushed ......

- I also - they answered inside

After a while insisted

- Mrs , hurry up . More than fifteen minutes ago I'm waiting ....

The lady was leaning on the wall while the hand was coming down in the crotch and leaned forward . Other women , half dressed , crossed legs and protesting .

Another woman , middle-aged , dressed in a full mesh and a footless tights , also hit the door

- Mrs , hurry up please . We need to go to the bathroom ..... we are making up .....

From inside, the lady with the girls answered

- As I leave , what happens is that I had an ultrasound and the girls gave me drink water them wanting to pee too.

A young girl wore a shim and also just came out of a study with visible trouble , you retruco , door through :

- Mrs. , This bathroom is for patients and not for companions. Also if your girls can not stand , leave them at home ...... ( was right )

Some of the ladies who waited in line to go to change preferred expression " it is what God wants " , while the first lady of the vedettina , and much needed , hit again lie would say, very annoyed and angry

- Mrs , leave the bathroom , please. I 'm getting wet ............ hurry up I 'm peeing .........

That 's called Patricia and her friend and , when they left , 45 minutes later and went no more nothing and saw nothing had happened out of the ordinary and all the ladies of rank were gone .

Pato told me this the other day and told me that the lady who came in with her ​​daughters and niece was a cheeky and exploited .

*002*2013-09-21 14:28

If it is obvious.

There must be very many stories like this in a place like the one described.

Moreover, at no time said was original. Only it was real.

It would have been interesting to see how I end all, but just then my wife called it.

