Some accidents I`ve had/remember

Author: janee85

*000*2011-08-18 22:36

Here is a list of all the accidents I remember:

1.) When I was 4 years old, I woke up in the middle of the night having to pee really bad. I walked to the bathroom and saw that it was occupied by my father. I went back to my room and sat on the floor. I squirmed and wiggled around until all of a sudden I couldn't hold it and peed my pants while sitting on the carpet.

2.) When I was around 7, my best friend at the time & I were playing house in her room. For the past 45 minutes or so, I saw her keep grabbing her crotch for a second and crossing her legs. As we continued to play a couple of times she froze and sucked her teeth and held her crotch tightly. All of a sudden she sat on the floor really fast and rocked for a bit and then stood up saying she had to go pee. She ran out the bedroom. I followed her into the hallway. She didn't close the bathroom door. I saw her sitting on her knees on the bathroom floor with a growing puddle spreading around her. She was crying.

3.) Another time when I was about 7, I was sitting at our coffee table coloring some sort of art project. I started feeling the need to pee. I ignored it and the need got worse. I kept holding my crotch and wiggling around. All of a sudden I felt myself start to pee. I jumped up, ran to the bathroom, but started peeing my pants before I could get them down. I peed about 3/4 in my pants before I got on the toilet.

4.) When I was about 10 years old, my friend and I were playing outside for the afternoon. I started needing to pee really badly, but I was having fun and didn't feel like going inside. When it felt like I was going to have to go in or I would pee my pants, my friend all of a sudden proclaimed that she had to pee really bad. I was too shy to tell her about my own pressing need. At that age, I would always go into the bathroom with my friend while she peed and stand there and wait. We were really close...I guess that's why we did this. She sat on the toilet and started peeing and the sound of her peeing made me have to go so bad I couldn't stand it. I tried to stay still so she wouldn't know how bad I had to go. I couldn't hold it though. I started to pee right there while standing up. My friend noticed I was peeing my pants and said, "Oh my God, are you peeing your pants?" I was so embarrassed I started crying and ran out of the bathroom.

I'll post some more later!

