Desperate Debbie At Work

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-04-07 16:30

Debbie at Work.

Debbie (my ex-wife) worked as a housekeeper at a State Psychiatric hospital. It was a beautiful spring day, so after eating their lunch Debbie and a co-worker decided to go for a walk. Having, not peed since leaving the house at7AM, Deb had to pee quite badly, but decided she could wait until she got back. They were gone longer than they thought and had overextended their 1 hour lunch by 20 minutes. Her boss was waiting and not happy. She told Deb, she was behind in her tasks, and late returning to work, and made it clear that she would be watching her rest of the day.

Her aching swollen bladder had expected relief, which made her urge to pee greater, but now that was not going to happen. She gently rubbed her abdomen and returned to work. It was around 1PM and she had to work until 4.Deb tried to forget her need to pee, by focusing on her tasks.

By 2PM she was standing with her legs tightly crossed when she was working, standing in one place. The pain in her bladder had become worse, and the pressure on her pee hole was starting to hurt. She began to worry that she would not be able to hold it but, did not dare go. She had an amazingly strong bladder from years of holding it but, this was even testing her abilities.

By 2:30 her bladder was rock hard, and bulging against her pants. When nobody was looking she grabbed her pussy with her hand. She was not sure where her boss was but was concerned she would be lurking around the corner ready to pounce if she tried to go pee. As she would later describe it to me “I had to pee so bad I could almost taste it.”

3:00PM, with one hour to go, her pee hole felt like it was going to burst open at any moment. She was in an area alone by then, and was doing her cleaning mostly with one hand as she had the other tightly grabbing her couch, as she danced back and forth, trying to hold back the flood.

3:30 a half hour left, but by now she was worried, that she was going to wet her pants. She had to pee badly for over 3 hours by now. She looked around wondering where her boss was, and thinking, she would have to risk going pee. Another strong wave hit her hard, she bent over crossing her legs tightly, grabbing her pussy tightly, but it was no use, her pee was about to come out. She ran towards the ladies room, still bending forward and grabbing herself, not caring who saw her, since the alternative, was them seeing her wet her pants.

She got to the ladies room door but it was locked, by the person who had cleaned it since this building closed at 4. Cursing under her breath crossing her legs tightly she fished out her keys to open it up. But having held it so long and being so close to the toilet it was too much .She felt the tickle at her pee hole as her pent up pee began to escape .Fortunately after the initial spurt she was able to limit the flow to a slow but steady leak. She went into the nearest stall, while still slowly peeing in her pants, quickly pulled them down. Once free of her pants, as she began to sit down her pee began spraying out in full force splattering on the toilet seat and the floor. She then sat for a long satisfying pee.

*This is as I recollect the story as she told it to me when I noticed her work pants had a small wet spot and her panties were soaked, when she got home. . (I am good at remembering details of these things)The story had the predictable effects on me.

