Wet (and sexy) hotel fun

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-09-19 04:33

[in order to protect the identity of my lovely boyfriend, he will be titled as "Glasses", now with that said:]

It was my partner and my second anniversary. We had fully become comfortable with each other, "strange" sexual interests and all. What I mean is I had recently come out to him about my omorashi fetish. To my surprise, he took it very well and told me I did the right thing by telling him. (That story is for another day, however.)

Anyway, for our anniversary we planned to stay at a hotel and travel to a nearby aquarium for merriment the following day.

Plans went accordingly and we were finally alone in the hotel room at about 3:30. I threw myself of the king's sized bed giggling to myself. But the main attraction was the bathroom. It was small, the sink counter on the left the toilet in the middle, and the standing shower on the right. The shower was a glass frame that didn't have a door, it was all open with a singe drain in the floor. After exploring was done, we began kissing and cuddling.

I can't believe we were finally alone. I couldn't help be be excited, both emotionally and sexually. The reason being, weeks before my partner said that he MIGHT partake in some "wet" foreplay.

I was waiting for this day... not so patiently. Everyday I thought about it. The thought about the most precious man in my life having his overflowing bladder empty in front my my very eyes.

We agreed at 5 we would go down to the restaurant connected to the hotel and enjoy a meal before we lavish ourselves in a sex-capade. At dinner, our waitress placed our drinks in front of us. Oddly, the drinks came in rather large pitchers filled with cold water.

I intently watched Glasses as he slowly nursed the rather large pitcher of water. Mmm, soon that water will be hot pee in his pants. Skipping ahead, we got our food and luckily he ordered something a bit on the spicy side so he downed the first pitcher. He looked at mine then looked back at me,

"Can I have some?" I giggled and gave him the remainder of the 1/4th that was left in my glass.

I rebuttled, "You're a cutie."

Finally when dinner was finished, we slunk back to our room to commence in "sexy rumpus". My lady parts tinged with anticipation, how often will this opportunity come about? At least he is okay with it, and that's all that matters. Yes, we engaged in some adult activities, (Mainly masturbation, as we're not ready to have full intercourse). I guess the rigorous activity caused him to get thirsty again as downed another bottle of water.

"Wanna see if the pool is opened?" He turned to me. I nodded in response.

After a rather annoying hour or two of going back and forth between the pool and our room to see if everyone left we went into the outdoor pool. The air was nice and fresh, a bit cold for pool recreation, but still nice. We put our feet in.

"GLASSES IT'S FUCKING COLD" I seethed

He responded with a hiss in discomfort, we gradually went calf length, then he went waist length (Which was breast length to me).

He looked at me with dreamy eyes, "Panetto, you know...I have to pee, I was going to go before we came here but I remembered my possible promise to you"

I swear my heart shot out of my chest, he's going to go through with this, HE'S GOING THROUGH WITH THIS.

I retorted cooly, "I could tell, you did drink a lot."

"C-Can we go back to the room I'm cold?"

"Sure."

Our lower halves soaked we trudged through the lobby our pants soaked with pool water. My legs were shaking.

I laughed, "What if you lost it right now"

"My...pee?"

"Yes"

"Panetto..."

"Sorry."

"No it's okay, I'm...actually a little excited."

...Excited...EXCITED?! I didn't want to make it obvious, but in my mind I was doing cartwheels.

"Wanna take a shower when we get back?"

"OH MY GOSH YES" I replied ecstatic.

"Who knows there might be some fun"

I felt like fainting, my stomach fluttered as I thought of him losing control

"Panetto~ I wet myself"

"Panetto, I had an accident"

"Panetto, please help me..." My face obviously bright red.

We approached the door. Oh my gosh. Glasses put the keycard in. Oh my god.

"Ready?" he said, still trying to remain cool (Side note: I asked him later and he told me that he had to pee REALLY bad, at this point)

We squeezed into the tiny bathroom together. All he took off was his glasses, "So do I just go into the shower and do it?" I could see him squirming a little, crossing and uncrossing his legs, still fully dressed.

"Y-Yes"

He looked at me, "Can I at least turn on the water...?"

"Of course, sweetie" I consoled him. After all I should make him feel comfortable.

The warm water shot powerfully out of the head of the shower onto his back. Glasses shot his head back and moaned as he was really cold from the pool, all I could do was stare. When is it going to happen? I must've spaced out because he rested his hand on my shoulder without warning:

"Sweetie, look"

I focused my eyes down.

He was doing it. Full force peeing his white shorts. It was as if a hose broke in his pants. The stream was so strong it leaked out of his right pant leg, down his calf, cycloning into the drain. I guess the shower head wasn't the only head shooting powerful liquids. I glimpsed at his face, bright red giving the expression of defeat, perfect (Honestly he didn't feel bad about having an accident, he said he did it because he knew I liked the defeat factor of it) My poor sweetie, must've held in so much pee.

I couldn't help but cover my face as I was blushing fully now.

"D-DARLING!" I squirmed.

The yellow subsided from the shower drain and Glasses finally spoke up

"Panetto...I had another accident..." He brought his hands up to his face, playing the part of the victim.

I brought myself close to him, my chest up to his, taking his hands off of his face, "Lets get you cleaned up, You made a big mess..." I said with a wink, "I love you so much"

"I love you too, Panetto"

((Sadly, I didn't participate as much as I wanted to. Glasses personally told me he's not ready, "That is something sacred and I respect your privacy"))

