Introducing Myself with a Video

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-07-02 23:37

I made this video a few months ago, but didn't have anyone to share it with until now.

I was inspired by a series of Japanese "hidden camera" videos where women stumble into a toilet desperately clutching themselves, but don't quite get their pants down in time.

I've been into watersports and wetting (especially desperation wetting) since I was about 12 (I'm 27 now). I've gotten more adventurous in the past few years, doing a few outdoor wettings, but always at night, and not in very public places.

I've been going through kind of a dry spell lately though.

My dream is to one day find a (female) companion I can share this interest with. It gets boring doing the same things over and over on your own.

Anyway, I hope you enjoy the video. Let me know what you guys think!

Untitled.flv

*003*2012-07-04 17:16

Thanks for the kind comments.

I'm always open to new suggestions if anyone has any.

Here's some more background on the day I made that video.

I had been intentionally making myself desperate all morning.

I have a method I use (which I read about online) where I drink 10 ounces of water every 15 minutes, for two hours. During those first two hours I can use the bathroom as much as I want, but after those two hours, toilet privileges are cut off, and I still keep drinking. It usually doesn't take more than two more hours before I lose control. It takes a long time to set up, but the desperation comes on really fast once I start holding.

My plan was to get significantly desperate then go out and run an errand. The challenge was to see how being in public would affect my desperation. As I mentioned before, I've had a few planned accidents outside, but it was always at night, and no one was around. I wanted to see how being in a public place during the day would affect my holding ability (since I don't really have a problem wetting in a secluded place with nobody around, but I definitely don't want to wet my pants at the store).

So, about 90 minutes after I had cut off my bathroom privileges, I was getting pretty squirmy. I grabbed my keys and left to go run my errand.

Once I started driving, I realized I was way more desperate than I thought. And sitting in the driving position made it that much worse. It's one thing to hold just standing or walking around, but sitting in a car put severe pressure on my bladder, and it was intensely uncomfortable.

I tried to tough it out, but about halfway to my destination, I realized this wasn't going to work.

I turned around and the whole way back it was getting worse and worse. I was seriously starting to worry I would lose it in the car, which I really didn't want.

Finally I made it back home, and getting out of the car and standing up again helped immensely, but I was of course still incredibly desperate.

I had the camera set up from earlier, since I was initially planning to make it all the way back from my errand completely dry, then film the video after I got home.

I stumbled to the bathroom and nearly lost it when I had to bend over to turn on the camera.

I'm sure any of you who have held on long enough before know there comes a significant point in your desperation where things switch from having to go really bad, but even if you relax, you won't pee immediately (you still have to give it a push to get started), to the point where if you're not clamping down every single second, it's going to come out.

I had already past this point. I wanted the video to look good, so I started peeing just before I opened the door. I was so desperate that all I had to do was let go, and it instantly started coming out.

My primary goal here was realism.

In a lot of videos you'll see people just stop and stand in front of the toilet like an idiot as soon as they start wetting, when you know if it were real life they would still be struggling to get their pants off as fast as possible. I intentionally took a little longer undoing my pants than I really needed, but not so long as to be unrealistic (I hope).

One other part I faked was that I stopped my stream early. If I had completely emptied my bladder the video would be about twice as long, but I figured not many people are interested in watching somebody just pee into a toilet for two minutes.

Phew! Hope that wasn't too much background info. I'm a sucker for behind-the-scenes stuff myself.

*007*2012-07-16 03:13

{{:

Just peeing isn't too interesting for me, but someone just giving up and letting it all go in their pants is great to watch!

}}

It's more fun too!

But for this specific video, I was going for realism, and in a real situation, if you were desperately leaking in your pants trying to get to the bathroom in time, you wouldn't just stop right in front of the toilet and keep wetting yourself. You'd try to get your pants down as fast as possible to minimize the damage.

Now if I could come up for a plausible excuse to keep my pants on... maybe a child-proofed toilet seat lid, or a stuck zipper or something...

*009*2012-07-16 03:20

{{:

Or a locked bathroom door :).

Edit:

Ooh, I just remembered, I once saw a cool vid with a girl locked out of a bathroom wetting, and then it shows she was really dreaming and peeing her bed. I'd love to see a vid like that if you are looking for fun ones to do ;).

}}

Locked bathroom door isn't a bad idea, except I've got carpet outside the bathroom...

I don't have any kind of plastic sheet for the bed, and I'm not really into bed wetting anyway... but I appreciate the suggestions. I'm open to more, and if I find one that strikes my fancy I'd be willing to try it out.

I'd really like to do an outdoor video, but that's next to impossible without a camerawoman.

