My Failed Plan!

Author: GigaQ

*000*2010-09-21 03:34

Heya! i guess it's my turn for my accidental wetting >.> lolz anywayz the story is thus...

I was about 7-8 and i was driving with my dad back to our home durring the winter. i was wearing my winter outfit in my thick coat and my stupid old gloves (which comes into play later) but anywayz, i was wearing my jeans and moon boots (i loved those things lol) anyway! lol, i already was desperate but back in those days my idea of desperate was different that it is now. back then i felt the erge, but i never aknowleged my needs and i would often squerm and shake until someone would say somthing to me, then i would know that i needed to use the bathroom. (sometimes it would be too late and i would spurt into my pants sometimes)

Ok! so!...lol we were pulling up to the driveway and i already had a plan to relieve myself outside on the side of the house in the snow (i loved to pee in the snow, emagining that i'm destroying the snow base! lol) so as we were getting out of the car, i was going to go play with my brother when my dad perfectly states not to pee outside! (apperantly he caught on to my troublemaking) and it sunk into my head so i was confused about my next move, (i needed to pee but i can't pee outside, but i'm outside to play with my brother) so my dad went inside and i was just standing there now doing the "peepee dance" and my brother saw me and told me to just pee on the side of the house like usual..."but dad just told us not to do it!" i told him as i headed for the door.

Thats when i did my usual spurt into my pants and i knew i only had about a minuet to get to the toilet. i jumped onto the porch and grabbed for the door handle. *slip*.....my heart sank and i started to panick... *slip, slip* my gloves couldn't grip the door knob! by then i had one hand on my crotch and i started pounding on the door (not thinking of taking off my gloves, i was paniking too much) i was shouting for my dad to open the door and i just kept spurting into my pants until. the door suddenly swung open and my dad was standing there and it was too late...i couldn't hold it anymore and i just peed my pants in front of him and my brother. i started crying and my dad just took me down to my room to change me into dry clothes. he was mad at me but i wasn't punished for it.

