Wet walk home [Just happened]

Author: themerger

*000*2015-12-01 02:13

I give my friend Dan guitar lessons every Monday night at his place. He lives about a 20-minute walk from my apt, and seeing as I hadn't had a good stroll I decided to hoof it.

Before leaving my place I had a big cup of coffee and some water, making sure to use the bathroom before I left. As Fall is upon us Dan had his heat on, which makes for a very dry space. Naturally this made me drink my entire 1 L water bottle over the 1-hour lesson. We also went on about 10 extra minutes, jamming over the 007 theme.

Once Dan realized we went over an hour he said that he had to leave right away to meet friends for drinks across town. I asked to use the bathroom before we left, as my bladder was starting to send slight signals of distress (thanks to the coffee I imagine). Dan was adamant about leaving immediately, so I acquiesced and went on my way; I didn't have to go THAT bad.

Well within 10-minutes, and with only 10-minutes to go, my bladder was throbbing. I couldn't believe it! I have an iron-clad bladder, I pressed on in the brisk autumn night. At that point my roommate called asking about the food on hand in our kitchen. As I was explaining the contents of our fridge I suddenly realized with a start:

I was peeing!

I kept walking as there were people walking behind me. I had unleashed a steady stream into my underwear but I held back the flood as I continued talking to my roommate, though the small accident and cool, dusk air only weakened my resolve.

After I finished talking to my roomie, I decided that I had nothing to lose: It was getting dark, I was wearing black corduroy and black fabric shoes; no one could see a thing and my roommate obviously wasn't home. I took a detour through some back alleys and thought I'd just end the discomfort immediately. Without reservation I unleashed everything inside me while walking; a cascade of urine poured into my pants flooding my crotch, legs and filling my shoes.

I could hear sloshing in my shoes as I walked and admired the small trail of pee I left in my wake. Sure enough, as I stepped under the lights of my street you could hardly see a thing, save a light contrast between the dry and wet fabric. I went inside the vestibule of my apt building (an old row-house), shut the door and took off my shoes. I walked barefoot to my front door and stripped as soon as I got in the house. I even had myself a shower before my roommate came home :D

Hope y'all enjoyed the read!

Cheers

