First Post, how I started... I guess.

Author: Jodan

*000*2013-04-29 09:49

I've actually been what you'd call a looker for a long time. I've kind of been reluctant to post, I guess because I'm paranoid about putting too much of myself out there on the web. But hell with it. I figure tonight, I should finally post something. And I figured a "how I started" post would be fitting. It is all true, it contains male wetting, on accident, as a young kid. So even though my memory is vivid, its probably more of an anecdote than a sexy story or anything like that. Still, I figure some will enjoy it.

For the record I'm male, brown hair, about 5'10", (legitimate) medium build. Straight, so far as sexuality goes. lol

It actually started for me quite young. The whole experience was quite humiliating for me at the time and later lead to my fetish. Okay, here goes... When I was in the first grade we were having reading time after lunch. We all had to sit on the floor and the teacher would read to us. I had needed to pee bad since right after lunch ended (of course). Well, I sat there squirming, trying not to call attention to the fact that I was about to pee my pants. Before long I was panicking because I was losing little squirts of pee and I could feel my underwear was getting soaked. When I lost the first big squirt and made a quarter sized wet spot on my jeans, I finally raised my hand while grabbing my crotch with my other hand.

This part I remember vividly. I was sitting there with one hand raised and one in my crotch. The teacher acknowledged my raised hand, as she called on me I lost another squirt. Only this time it was bigger and I remember a feeling of almost horror when I felt pee surge through my jeans for a second and wet my hand. I got it under control and told the teacher I had to go to the bathroom rather urgently. She saw my obvious predicament and told me to go. I got up and, while holding onto my crotch with both hands for dear life, start to slowly waddle my way toward the exit. My knees were shaking at this point.

I felt another squirt warm my crotch and hands and I looked down to see the wet spot expanding beyond the coverage of my hands. One of the girls in the room screamed, "He's peeing!" The teacher saw I wasn't going to make it at this rate and told me to run, so I started running, still holding my crotch. As I started running I started loosing more and more pee into my pants, each squirt getting longer now. I got out of the room and was running for the bathroom, already wet to my knees. When I rounded the corner and saw the bathroom I felt that the spurts were now just a continuous stream and it was down to my socks.

By the time I got to the bathroom, I was soaked and already finished peeing. I stood there shaking for a minute. I was wet all the way down the inside of both legs, my butt was soaked since I'd started wetting while I was sitting, it couldn't have been any worse for a kid that age really. So I went back to class still dripping. The teacher sent me to the nurse, where they called my mom and had her bring me spare clothes. I remember I was sitting waiting in the nurses office and a girl came in with a "headache" (meaning she wanted to go home) and she started to ask me what I was there for. She got half way through and stopped when she looked down and noticed that I had obviously peed my pants and just said, "Oh."

So there you have it. My first post, my first accident that I can remember. I actually feel pretty good having posted it. I'll post the few stories of girls wetting that I have, as well as maybe my only adult accident if anyone is interested. Thanks for the chance to get some of this off my chest, even if it is anonymously.

*002*2013-04-29 18:46

Why thank you for the kind regards.

