Drunk wetting

Author: Thorn177

*000*2015-10-04 23:45

I had a gig tonight, playing my ukulele for a bunch of people. It was a so-called living room gig, where you go to someone's house, and an artist or several play some music, and then after you pass the hat around. Lots of people turned up, which was cool. It was me and one other artist playing.

After my set, some friends offered me wine, and after the whole gig was done, I was invited out to a pub nearby, where I had beer and whisky. I went to the loo a couple of times while I was there, but as it neared time to go home I decided to start holding it. Desperation comes quicker when you're drunk, after all, not just cause of all the fluid consumption, but also because inebriation makes it harder to control various aspects of your body.

I walked to the metro with a dude who I think was kind of flirting with me (he carried my uke for me, and when we parted ways he kind of asked me out for dinner; I don't know what this will actually mean. I just got out of a relationship and am not keen on starting another one yet, but that's an internal monologue for another time), and I was constantly aware of my full bladder. We parted ways when I had to change from the metro to a bus, and I sat on the bus moving my legs up and down. I had to walk about ten minutes from the bus to my new place. Was starting to feel pretty uncomfortable, but walking helped.

My flatmate's not home, so once I got in I took off most of my clothes and started pacing in the living room. I had a couple more glasses of water, checked Facebook and read fanfic on my phone. When I started leaking a little I relocated to the bathroom and paced around on the tiles instead, looking to minimise damage. I started holding myself and pulling at my underpants, and there was a lot of frustrated moaning going on. Every time I leaked, the pressure let off a little and I was able to hold for really a fairly long time, upping my desperation considerably. When the leakages became bigger I went and stood in the shower, still trying to hold on as best I could.

Suddenly I just lost it. It seemed to come out of nowhere, and my underpants became simply soaked. It felt so good to pee, and the warmth of it on my legs was awesome. After I finished I just stood there panting, clutching the tiled wall, for a really long time before I finally took off my rapidly cooling pants and turned the shower on to clean up.

One of these days I want to try wetting fully clothed, but today was not that day. Still pretty awesome, though.

