First wetting experience

Author: wolfman85

*000*2013-10-20 19:01

Ok, so. First off, Hi everyone. I'm a relatively long time member, pretty much originally a lurker...

Anyway, I'm a guy. 27, nearly 28 now... heavy built, 5'9, 14st. I've lost 4st in the past couple of years (go me!) and i've been into Omorashi for a number of years. I thought I was only interested in seeing women getting into that situation, so I thought I've been doing this for long enough that I should try it for myself.

Today, I decided not to use the bathroom since about lunctime. (It's now 19:45 here)

Anyway, I live with a couple of friends, away from my parents, and since it's Sunday, I was over there for a roast dinner. Dinner started, I was on about a 6/10. No shufflng or holding techniques instigated as of that time. It had taken since lunchtime to get to that stage, it was slow going, and I was sat upright on a chair - don't know how many other guys get that useful blocker of such feelings when sat upright, it helps...

Anyway, board games ensued afterwards, and i excused myself, to walk back to my car. At the time of leaving, it was about 18:45, and that 6 had gone up a notch to 7. I was using quite a bit of effort in the car to not explode there - fortunately, if I had, I have leather seats, so it would have just been a job of wiping down with cleaning products - yay me. I also decided, before i actually started driving, to text my female housemate (who I have a bit of a thing for, even though she's together with my other housemate... third wheel :(... Didn't get a reply, don't even know if she got it. I just said "In case you find it interesting, I haven't used the loo since lunchtime". 

She knows about my Omorashi fetish, but doesn't follow it herself. She is amazing though, and once wrote an Omorashi story for me, it's up here somewhere... Even more fortunately, I made it. Got home, and i felt that pang of hitting 9 as I got out of the car. the sudden movement coupled with the cold air was what did that. I don't know how much detail everyone here likes, so I'll just say I wasn't grabbing, but there was a great amount of pulsing going on down there, and i could feel the pain of overstretched muscles.

Got up to my PC, and loaded a game... Needless to say that didn't last too long. Got one short mission done before i saved and quit, and then sat here squirming a bit. I reckon I'd hit a 9.5 by then.

I'm afraid everyone, that's when I chickened out. I went upstairs to my room, where I have an en suite - and started walking across the room. My room is quite large, and it takes me about 6-7 steps to reach the en suite. 3 steps in, and my control gave way. It took a second or two to regain control, and i felt the warmth hit my boxers before I got it back under control. Thankfully, the quite large amount of liquids I've drunk today mean it didn't smell - apologies to those who get something from the smell.

It was quite an obvious patch on my trouser fronts, considering they were a kind of light-ish blue-grey colour. Control was regained, and I made it to the toilet to relieve myself of the rest...

For my first time, It was quite an adventure - it was truly unexpected for it to happen as I was giving up at that point, content with the feeling of desperation - of which there was a lot.

I'm now showered and clean... but I daresay I will be trying this again sometime. Not long till christmas, and both of my housemates will be out over that time, as they go on their family visits for the holidays (they live further away from family than I do... only takes me 20-25 minutes to drive to my parents, whereas it takes them between 3 and 6 hours, depending on which set of parents they need to go to.

Thanks all. If you want to know any other details, just ask...

*002*2013-10-20 20:04

Yeah, I can get with that thought process. "Safety is near, no need to keep your guard up anymore". I suppose the same would fit into many other situations...

*003*2013-10-21 18:40

Apologies for Double Post...

Just did it again.... .

I happen to work with that awesome female housemate... and we text at work so as to not get in trouble by overusing emails. After pretty much saying I enjoyed the desperation and losing it yesterday, I got challenged to not use the bathroom again till I got home. This challenge was set at about 10:00, and we don't get home till 17:00. I made it until about 18:30 in the end, which i think was a pretty good run.

Wearing similar to my previous setup, which you can see in the attached pictures... after I got home, I checked the usual places online - comics and whatnot, made a cup of tea, and did some washing up. Throughout this time, i was getting increasingly desperate, hitting a 16 on the 20 chart by the time I was done. I was bouncing back and forth in front of the sink, thought i might leak, and be able to claim i just splashed myself if I lost it then. I then went upstairs, to tell of my predicament, and hit 17 on the way up the stairs - had to stop for a moment and not move. 

When I entered her computer room, I was invited to stand and listen to a song - "can you last another few minutes?" she says... I said I have no idea, I'd hit a 17... She told me to come back after, so I did. While I think I could have lasted a bit longer, it was getting a bit painful by this point, and I believe it was a good call, as it happened so slowly, I had to force the last bit out. No more for me for a while...

Since she knew I was doing it, I part expected, part hoped that she would come down and either squeeze me in the right place, or poke me in the kidneys to elicit an un-tensing situation and force it... Who knows, maybe she'll read this... >_>

Oh yeah, to emphasise how amazingly awesome that friend of mine is? When I admitted that I'd be doing it again... She said she'd cover for me if necessary. I assume that means saying a drink was spilled or something, who knows. But I didn't need it, as i went upstairs again (3 level house, my room is top) and attached are some pictures. Afraid I just pointed my phone at myself, and took them, so forgive me if they are terrible....

I think part of the reason that it was difficult to finish is because I got a bit of an erection part way through //>.<//

Thanks for reading.

