Motorcycle desparation (part 2)

Author: Snnwr

*000*2015-06-02 11:36

So since i had some positive reactions on my previous motorcycle desperation post, i decided to share another.

I use my bike almost daily, mainly Because its my main way of transport.

But sometimes i use it to ease my mind, just go for a ride and see where the wind takes me.

A while back, when i took my bike out for a fun ride, i felt my bladder being at the edge of bursting.

I was closer to my grandparents home than i was to my own, so i decided to go to their house, not knowing if they were even there.

It was a 20 minute drive and i felt every bump in the road. I had been drinking a lot and i had been on the road for almost 4hours at that point. My last bathroom visit was about 9 hours before this point and i wasnt sure if i could make it to my grandparents house before wetting all over my bike.

When waiting for the traffic lights to turn green i felt i was leaking, and i had to use all my strength to not lose it all. Then i finally got to my grandparents home.

I stepped of my bike, and wiggeled my way to their frond door. I had to jam my hands between my legs to be able to hold it all in.

They didnt answer the door, they were not at home. I went to the neighboors house, to ask for the Key to my grandparents house. I knew they have them, because my grandparents sometimes forget them. I rang their doorbell trying to act as normal as i could.

Again, no one aswered. I was on the point of giving up, accepting the fact that i could feel my pee stream towards my peehole. Just when it almost started coming out, i heard the voice of my grandparents neighboor. She had been walking the dog.

I froze, wich helped stopping my pee again. And i turned around. I made up some lame excuse of me needing to check something for my grandparents at their home, asking for the key. I was trying so hard not to show my desparation to her.

She looked for thd the key, wich took forever, making smalltalk.

She asked about my boyfridnd, my job, my cousins. She told me about their dog and grandchildren. I couldn't care less, i hsrdly heard her trying to stay polite. Inside i was screaming; damnit woman, just gimme the damn key!

Finally, after 5 minutes she found it.

I ran overto my grandparents house, trying to stick the key into the lock, wich was so hand because i couldnt stand still, i had to use one hand to hold my crotch and i was shaking all over.

Finally the door opened and i ran inside. Tried shaking off my motorsuit and feeking pee come ijt doing so.

I started wetting before mypznties were down so i decided to just sit down on the toilet and let it all stream trough my panties.

*005*2015-06-04 11:54

I had been reaaaaly close both times.

*007*2015-06-04 20:21

I dont like wetting as much as i like holding. My goal is always to just hold an hold and hold and dont wet obviously. But that doesnt make seeking the risks of wetting less fun!

