More Stories from School

Author: Slater

*000*2015-06-21 15:59

Unlike the last story, I don't have quite the same amount of information or opportunity so this one is going to be patched up. This happened sometime after Shel had her accident in P.E. class, but I don't remember when or how long. I'm guessing a few months at least just judging on clothes.

In the same class there was another Indian girl, not half white like Shel. I have no idea what her name was, I'm just throwing out Tiffany I guess to fill the gap. She had short, curled hair, very dark complexion, and was fairly short and pretty cute. She sat directly across from me. On this day, she was wearing a knee-length silk dress with blues and purples with a frill and puff sleeves. I think her dress had flower designs, but if so they blended well with poor contrast. It was I think an expensive dress though.

I noticed after a while that she was bouncing up and down rapidly during the class. I pretended to drop my pencil so I could see up her dress. Nothing to see but rapidly shivering legs because her hands were holding up in her crotch. So I knew exactly what was probably going on and immediately became interested. She eventually rose her hand while keeping other in her crotch, wrinkling up her dress between her legs showing more of her thighs every time I dropped my pencil.

And the teacher ignored her for quite some time, walking around the room talking about something, I have no idea what. Only after what seemed like a really long time did the teacher finally walk by and acknowledge her.

"Yes?"

"Can I please go to the bathroom?"

"Um... yes."

Normally I wouldn't have done something so bold, but the time I saw her with her hand up I decided to come up with this plan. I rose my hand and gave the teacher a puppy pout face. "Can I go too?"

"Um... yes."

Now I was expecting Tiffany to run downstairs to where there was a bathroom literally right under the classroom. But for some strange and odd reason she started making her way down the hallway... where there was a bathroom past some 40 classrooms. And she started running.

"Uh, Miss Stevens?"

"Yes, Slater?"

"She's running. If I can't run to the bathroom...."

I didn't have to finish. Ms. Stevens ran out and shouted across the hall. "Tiffany!"

The girl turned, hands at her side and stiffly out. About face on a heel and bending up and down she looked at the teacher.

"Walk back here and then walk to the bathroom!"

I didn't actually expect my teacher to do that. But it was practically school policy. If you were ever caught running from point A to point B, you had to walk calmly back to your starting position and then walk calmly to your destination. And holy crap, she made it about 20% to her destination in mere seconds before now being forced to turn back around.

I stood there, innocently on the side and bit my lip, feeling kind of bad. I had somewhat recently transitioned from desperation only to interest in wetting, and I already saw Shel soak herself previously (who was a mean bully to me really when she could be. But Tiffany was ok). I fought emotions in my head on what to do or feel.

So Tiffany made it back and was crossing her legs and stuffing both hands in her crotch just outside the classroom, but making sure nobody but I and Ms. Stevens could see her. Ms. Stevens pointed a finger at her. "You were running so loudly that we could hear you. That means you are disturbing half the school." She glanced at me. "No running."

So she went back into the classroom, and continued while, side-by-side we walked towards the bathrooms.

That walk took an eternity.

"Thanks a lot, Slater," she mumbled under her breath. Yeah, she was hating me forever now.

So she fidgeted and grabbed herself the whole way, moaning quietly under her breath, clearly super desperate. Then we made it past the broom closet past the teacher's private bathroom and the bathrooms were right around the corner. I walked around and towards the boy's bathroom. Man, it seems I was so close! But then I turned to see her and she wasn't there. She disappeared.

"Where'd you go?"

She had her back against the wall, legs crossed and body bent over, very worried look on her face back around the corner by the broom closet. She put a finger to her lips when she saw me and then walked around the corner near the girls. I started heading for the boys but turned around and she was still there by the fountains.

I was really puzzled. What on earth was she doing? ... It was hot.

She hissed a whisper at me. "I need to use the teacher's bathroom, ok!"

"Why?"

"None of your business!"

Sheesh.

I got a fountain drink, pretending to drink a lot hoping she would get more desperate when I was wondering why she had so much hesitation. "Is somebody in there?"

"YES! Duh!"

Ah. There was probably a teacher in there. That very small family bathroom was reserved for the teachers for some reason. And for some reason I could not think of she felt the need to go in there. I myself hated using public bathrooms, but only if other people are in there because I squat to go rather than use the urinal. But her? And she was clearly not open to telling me. I looked in the girl's bathroom (which was open to the hallway, no door) to see if maybe there was a stench or something causing her not to go in but there was nobody there.

"You can use the boy's room," I suggested. "I'll guard it for you. I don't have to go as bad."

She gave me a gross and horrid face expression. "No!"

Her hands were on her knees this time and she was still bent over and trembling, trying to figure out what to do. There was a door to the outside right by us so I pointed at it. "You could go outside."

"Shut up! Shut up! SHUT UP!!! JUST SHUT UP!" She whispered in a hateful tone.

Seeing that she was almost in tears, I meekly turned into the boy's bathroom and used it. I took a bit of a gingerly time actually, hoping she would still be there, all desperate but not so hateful at me. When I walked in, she had a hand tucked in from behind her up into her butt and another in the front of her crotch.

While I was in there (details patched in for you) She must have been near to crying. She finally grabbed at her crotch from behind and the front of her dress at some point and began to pee. It burst out of her panties and with part of her butt and back against the wall, it slid down the back hem of her dress, sliding easily on that silky material. I bet she was wearing pearly whites underneath, soaking them hard and quickly as a stream hammered the carpet below. Some of it was catching down her leg and running into her socks but most of it was streaming everywhere onto the carpet.

I walked out about when she was more than halfway done but still bursting with pee. She had let go of her dress, both hands very wet. The front of her dress wasn't wet that I could see, at least not on the outside, but the back was very drenched, though unfortunately thanks to the dark colors and silken material you couldn't really tell. It resisted the soaking and allowed most of it to roll right out, creating a large spreading waterfall and loudly tapping onto the carpet, soaking the spot beneath her.

Tiffany was looking down, silent and breathing steady. I had this weird urge to just grab her stomach, rub around it and her back and squeeze it out but of course I did no such thing. She looked up briefly at me and then back down to stare at her legs. It didn't take but fifteen seconds or more for her to finish up.

Tiffany then tried to pry herself from the wall of the secondary short hallway, once or twice but couldn't seem to get away. She looked up at me and a swirl of emotions struck her all at once. She tried to make a mean face but had welling eyes while doing it. "Don't--don't you dare tell anyone! I swear, dammit, I swear!"

Back then, that word was a pretty extreme curse for that age. So she meant business.

If I were just a few years older, I would've told her to show me her panties first before I swore to it but I was not so bold. I just gulped and nodded.

Tiffany looked back down at her puddle and mess, feeling the back of her dress and wondering about her hands. She walked in a circle looking behind her, letting me see a little glistening on the back of her legs.

I was super horny from looking at her, but back then I didn't care for dress, skirt, or panty wettings, only pants and shorts. So I was much less interested as well. I went back to the classroom and sat down. The teacher didn't ask anything of her absence or whatever. Eventually she came back near the end of class, putting a note down on the desk. As we got up, I took a long look at it, but had to read upside down. "Nurse's note: accident".

I never told a soul until now.

- - -

A few more desperation stories and 2 more wettings will follow this post in the future soon!

*002*2015-06-22 06:58

{{ 

A rather dumb policy and partly (a little) to blame for rising obesity rates. If they want more exercise, let them have it! Though I suppose you were able to use it to your advantage. :) (On a side note, back when I was in school, I often did run to the cafeteria to "beat the line" and thus get more time to socialize. I just found routes where I would "disappear into the crowd".)

What was interesting was that because she was wearing a dress, she had the option to wet with little mess. A luxury the guys can't enjoy without attracting lots of unwanted attention and thus defeating the point.

}}

We were 10-11 years old to maybe explain the mess; 5th grade, was still in elementary school. So everywhere you went like cafeteria was escorted by your teacher in a line with your class.

Most schools have a no running policy in the hallways, usually for "safety" reasons. Hell tje workplace doesn't let you run anywhere for the same reason.

*004*2015-07-20 16:38

{{ 

The note at the end was for some reason super hot.... I'm going to work that into my next fantasy :)

Thanks for sharing

}}

Thanks! (Uh... which note? The teacher's note?)

Here's the next installment. Same school. Girls were desperate all over the place. It was almost omorashi heaven. There was a very tall black girl who was wiggling her legs violently at another cluster of desks away from me when the student in front of her noticed and scooted away in case she wet. There was a girl who, for a period of several days consistently was very desperate during lunch so I got to watch her nearly have accidents (but make it). Same school where my sister's classmate in the grade under me wet herself (on purpose in her purple shorts. She was told to do so, likely by her dad to go to the nurse and explain why she wet in order to get the wetting in his P.E. class to stop. Of course no such thing happened).

But the occasion on which I will now give details, this was much later in the school year when we were doing a type of final project. A semi-popular black girl with a small Afro and bell bottoms, ... Brittany we'll call her. Very nice and thinly body I thought, with a nice chest ahead of age schedule. I don't remember what kind of shirt she was wearing except it was long sleeved and dark colored.

So instead of rotating classes in imitation of middle school (grade 6+) we stayed in our homeroom for many hours and as each student finished their project they formed a line by the teacher's desk to ask what they needed to do to finish or improve. I already finished most of mine when I walked by and noticed that her friend was asking her to examine her project for her, asking questions on it. Brittany was bouncing up and down and had her hands stiffly flexed outward by her side.

I thought that was odd but at this school that meant probably one thing: she was getting desperate. So I watched her and listened to their conversation. Brittany was spending time walking around the classroom and staring at the teacher with this long line of students talking to her. Brittany was trying to calculate if she could make it till after the class (when school let out), if she should get in line, or possibly the distracted teacher might not notice her leave for the bathroom (which was not more than 30 steps from the classroom).

So she stood near the doorway, bending her knees, "Eeeeh, eeeh, eeeeh, eeeeeh," she went, clenching her teeth and doing her best to not grab her crotch. She would rattle her legs and shake them one at a time like some line dance. But mostly she just bounced straight up in down in a very exaggerated motion. She was watching the line get long and slow.

I knew that if I didn't do something she was likely just going to run off and use the bathroom and come back before anyone noticed. "Brittany," I asked, "Can you help me decide something?" It was an awkard question, she and I were not very social but I was just trying to delay her to the toilet as I showed her my project and made up junk and crap to her about my decisions.

I knew she wasn't in the mood for long detailed answers and was quite snappy.

She finally had a spasm. I could tell from her desperate look and the fact she clenched her legs together and bend way down. "Oh gosh, hold on, I'm going to go to the bathroom." She turned to go.

"Wait! You can't just leave the class without permission! What if she sees you or knows?"

She was very annoyed at me saying that but she turned around, a hand on her thighs (again, trying very hard not to grab her crotch) while her other hand was swinging about in a snappy matter. Now that she knew I knew she had to go, she was rubbing her legs together marching in place. "I am fixing to pee my pants, ok!"

"I'll tell." I blurted out.

"Tell, what?"

"Tell... uh... the teacher you left." She knew I would. I was the 5th grade weasel, tattle-tale, as if you couldn't tell from the earlier story on this list.

She gave an exhaustive sigh and made her way in line with the other kids. I stood right behind her. By now, several of the students were back to working on their projects which cut down the length of the line in half for her.

I watched her get more and more desperate, to the point she was trembling, bending up and down with her knees locked together. I was really enjoying watching her.

She then suddenly shot off towards the door holding her crotch when the teacher looked up and noticed.

"Brittany! Where are you going?"

Brittany turned around, bending her knees with legs locked in place, both hands on her crotch like a little girl, teeth clenched. "I REALLY have to go to the bathroom!"

The teacher paused for a moment. "You should have thought about asking sooner. Get back where you were and wait."

Brittany made a face, looked down in embarrassment and with her legs scrunched together as tightly as possible, she hobbled over in front of me. Well now the entire class knew she had to go. She went back to doing what she was doing, crossing her legs but hands at her sides, bending up and down, shivering. She only had 3 other students in front of her.

Brittany then suddenly put a hand in her crotch, I could see the tips of two fingers sticking out under her butt. A slick and spreading dark spot formed and she put her other hand in her crotch. The darkening looked like it paused but she stood there, motionless. She bent down twice and the dark areas got even darker and spread out some, tendrils extending outward where her hands tried desperately to stop the flow. All she got for her efforts were wet fingers.

I was surprised how quiet her peeing was except for the occasional dripping to the floor. She stood there and took a deep sigh of relief as pee pattered on the carpet a bit. Silently I watched the back of her light-colored bell-bottoms grow in darkness, spreading out around her thighs, some of the pee dripped off the tips of her very wet fingers and onto her knees or calves. Brittany dared not move, looking down and watching the damage.

On and on she peed, over-soaking her thin calves, the pee whispering a chattering pitter-patter song on the carpet from the wide denim hems, her inner thighs and calves were glistening in the light. There was so much pee flowing over them at this point the thick material offered no resistance.

After quite some time she was done. Brittany clearly didn't want to move. She shifted her legs still pressed together which made a faint soppy sound like two soaked sponges being rubbed against each other. She slowly pried her hands away and looked at them, and then she wiped them on the side of her jeans and looked around. Brittany eventually turned around and saw me, and it was clear that I was the only one (it seemed) to have seen her. She blushed rosy red at meeting my gaze.

She really didn't want to move, but couldn't stand in her pee either. Brittany kept looking around until she made the decision to just try and walk out. Slowly, cautiously she managed to miraculously make it all the way to the door and out of it without anyone (but a friend and myself) seeing.

I looked down at the puddle in the carpet. I didn't want to step in it, and really the only reason I got in line in the first place was to stand right there at the moment of omorashi heaven and watch her. I stepped out of line and went to work on my project (for real) while keeping an eye on the door.

I never saw her come back to class that day. The teacher forgot all about her as did everyone else. Only her friend and I knew, and we never told anybody. I don't know if the teacher ever found out later or not.

- - -

After that, I moved to a new, very strict private school...

*008*2015-07-23 12:36

{{ 

Well, that caught my attention!! Do please elaborate! I gather you didn't see the event but you clearly knew about it, presumably from your sister. As for the wetting in the P.E. class, what was that all about?

You bastard!!

}}

Well, that 5th grade was brutal. I had no friends, moved late so I was sort of invading the social set, and everyone made fun of me. But there were a lot of wetting incidents that year.

$/26424-best-wetting-experience-ever/

Later in the comments I listed some of enough that I can patch it here and there for a complete and detailed intentional wetting experience enough that I can patch it here and there for a complete and detailed story. I think I have it in there already though under "Unforgettable Wettable Sister."

If I include that one and the 3 stories of my sis wetting herself not in my presence, and the stories my cousin told me, ... (Counts) ... 20 omorashi experiences in my life for story details. 13 in person (I think).

