Short Experiences

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2015-01-07 00:27

I realised that I actually have quite a few experiences, but that most of them aren't anywhere near long enough to be worth making their own thread for; I certainly can't fill more than three paragraphs talking about them. However, it feels like rather a pity to just let the vanish from my memory, so I decided to create this thread. I suggest that it be stickied so that anyone can post their bits and pieces here.

Now, to tell about a time. Classes have started again and I was waiting outside a lecture hall. I could see some of the people inside, and a particular girl caught my attention. I'd noticed earlier that she's cute, but this time, it was my omo-sense dingling. She kept jiggling her legs, and occasionally crossing them; the kind of movement that we all associate with desperation, but to be honest, I didn't really believe she actually had to go. I wasn't even paying attention... until she very quietly got up and left the room, about five minutes before the lecture was due to end. She seemed like the shy and quiet kind of person to me, so it must've been pretty bad if she decided to not wait that last bit.

*002*2015-01-10 23:12

Yay, second experience this week.

I was at a student activity with some friends which involved a rather large amount of drinking; we played Kings

, amongst other things. In this case, the setting was a bit more formal than usual and one of the rules involved asking before being allowed to go to the bathroom, and sometimes having to do things before going or when you come back. Naturally, that led to quite some complaining about people having to go bad; including one case where a girl stood up and declared she couldn't hold it any longer (she had had to wait extra) and asking the chairman whether she could be excused earlier. As she stood up, it was clear she really did have to go, and she was granted an exception.

The unusual thing, though, involved a different girl. Simply put, she... didn't go. Not during the event, nor afterwards (we left in a group), and she didn't look desperate, despite having consumed at the very least two litres in four or so hours. I am, quite honestly, intrigued how and why she did it...

