Deliberate wetting in my shorts in the kitchen [picture]

Author: omodarling

*000*2014-06-02 19:22

I have been wanting to write an account of one of my wettings for a while, and as I discovered a great picture set on my camera, I thought it would be good to tell you about this one, which happened for me last week. As this is my first post, I hope it is okay.

So I've recently moved into a new place on my own, and as you can imagine with it being my first, I've had much fun already peeing in various scenarios. On the third weekend alone, I'd dressed up in the clothes I like best to be next to my skin, and begun to plan my next wetting. I wore my pink ballet tights, without my panties, so the nylon's on my skin.. and then my tight jean shorts over the top.

Already when I put on the shorts, I could feel the tightness as they pressed against my bladder. I was running from room to room getting ready, and half dancing to the radio and to the tune of my aching bladder! I was on my fifth glass of water, and some beer, but I knew that no matter how desperate I got, it always pleases me to wet myself on purpose, so I don't always wait until I'm bursting.

This night, I waited a lot longer than normal - sitting by my laptop, listening to the radio and trying to distract myself. But eventually, the force of holding and the temptation became too much. I pondered where best to release some of the pee which was causing the ache in my bladder, so tight in my clothes... I was pushing my hand into my crotch as I walked around the apartment, hopping from foot to foot and trying to keep my breathing steady - partly from the desperation, but partly from the way I was getting aroused at the thought of wetting there in my new flat.

On one hand, I wished I could go out into the communal garden and sit in the grass to soak my tight clothes. But, it was still light outside, though the evening was drawing in. Despite the quietness of the neighbourhood, I couldn't face being caught right now, especially after just moving in.

I decided on the kitchen, and as I started to place my camera, the first spurt just burst out of me - a significant wet patch had formed on the front of my shorts. As I hurriedly pressed play on my camera, I took a deep breath. And, feeling myself grow more and more aroused by the wetness surrounding me in my panties, I began to push out the next spurt of pee. I must have gasped, and maybe whimpered, because before I thought I could control my leaking into little bursts.

Then the flood began; hot pee was gushing out of me and soaking through my jean shorts - I was wetting myself in my kitchen. As rivers of pee started to flow down the pink tights on my legs, I watched with fascination, and almost horror, as a massive puddle grew around my feet. I thought, with a sudden amazing rush - "I'm weeing in my shorts. I'm really wetting myself." It was incredibly exciting for me.

The pee was still pouring out of me as felt it gather around my butt, and watched it push out around the front of my tight shorts near my pockets. The warmth of my wet clothes felt amazing. As the last few drops were shed, I felt so contented; and not to mention incredibly aroused by my soaking wet tights and shorts. I thought of my new flat that there was going to be so, so much more fun to come.

*024*2014-06-16 11:42

Just wanted to say many thanks, guys! Glad this was enjoyable. I'll definitely be posting more pictures and text in future.

:)

Darling


