Leap of Faith

Author: DiappyDuo

*000*2014-07-30 04:00

I started dating my current girlfriend 4 months ago, and almost immediately recognized that she was a very kinky gal. I have several other fetishes that she was not familiar with when we started dating, but took to them very easy. Some of the other fetishes include bondage, tickling, and a panty fetish. My number 1 fetish has always been diaper domination, and panty wetting as a close 2nd .

After several hints across our 4 months of dating I decide today was the day I would break it to her. We are geographically separated by about 2,000 miles so it all occurred over text message since she was at work. My first text regarding my diaper fetish read "Ok sweetie. Hold onto your chair. This one is wild but I know you are the perfect woman to talk to about and explore with...". I then described in detail my fetish for wearing myself, and diapering women. To my surprise she wasn't in the least concerned and even said she was intrigued. She then had to leave for a meeting abruptly and I was left wondering if doubt would creep into her mind about my latest revelation.

After she got off work she texted me and the topic was renewed. I explained the intricacies of the fetish and what about it turned me on. The conversation progressed to me challenging her to a holding contest when we are together next (holidays). Below are actual excerpts from our text exchange:

Her "You know I'm down. I can last a long time especially because I feel like it would take me a long time to feel comfortable doing it because at least for me, it's not a natural thing that I could relax and let it go knowing I'm still wearing something. Speaking of all this I have to pee"

Me "This may be forward but I've got an idea...this new found freedom of speaking my mind without worry :)"

Her "lay it on me"

Me "I understand if this is too sudden for you. If you have problems relaxing to pee, why don't you sit on the toilet with your panties on and just go?

All it will cost is a little laundry which you can wash them in the sink immediately :)"

Her "Hmmm I can try. I feel like that'll be super messy "

Me blah blah not important

Her "oh my gosh should I do it?"

Me ......

Her "Ok I'll try! Eeeek :)"

"I really could.... There's like a little part of me that like won't let it happen."

"Uhhhh never mind"

Me "Do it babe!"

Her "Oh trust me I did. That happened a lot sooner than I thought. I really had to go!"

Me "You wet your panties you naughty girl. What do have to say for yourself?"

Her "oops ;)"

Me "Will you send a photo of the damage ;)"

Her "Oh I already soaked them in the sink.... Their completely wet"

Me "Hehe. It's alright babe. Just thinking of you is enough"

Her "Next time I will though :)"

We went on to talk more about the experience and how much she enjoyed the thrill of wetting herself. Talk about me being a lucky guy! I'm betting next time there are photos.

