First wetting experience

Author: vivalalilian

*000*2014-07-26 10:25

I just wanted to share with the community my first wetting experience.

I'm home alone so I decided it would be the perfect tim. I didn't use the loo when I woke up, instead drinking tea and water until it hurt, already being pretty desperate from the whole night without peeing.

I didn't want to ruin my and my fiancées bed for obvious reasons so when I thought I might lose it I took my tablet into the bathroom and stood in the bath tub, occasionally pressing on my bladder to feel how close I was getting. In fact I tried to go in my pants last night but I couldn't do it because I was over thinking it. I was so desperate this time, more than I have been in my life that I finally got to the edge and wet myself without consciously allowing myself to pee.

The release was amazing, I went for almost a minute, the warmth making my pyjamas stick to my legs. I was already turned on by the pressure, the release and feeling drove me crazy and with a little pressure still in my bladder I had to finish.

I'd love to hear others' first experiences :)

*003*2014-07-28 15:20

I haven't tried making videos yet because the whole thing is new to me but it's definitely something I'd be interested in I think.

*005*2014-07-31 11:16

I suppose I've always been fascinated with peeing in places I'm 'not supposed to' I mean I peed in the shower a lot as a kid, outside etc. My mum said recently in some conversation about childhood that once she had me go outside on a long walk when I was little, I always had to pee outside, even when there was a toilet. I never wet myself though.

When I hit puberty and became sexually aware I vaguely thought I was into watersports (i am a little but not so much) and was always interested to hear when people were desperate to go which seems quite common. I found holding/wetting was a thing by accident, I was reading a refdit thread about fetishes and I just knew I'd be into it when I read it. Its the control aspect I think, coupled with for want of a better term, my love of pee. So I suppose its based in childhood but maybe not as much as others.

Thank you both for sharing your experiences too, they've been fantastic to read.

