The Bet with a Cute Student

Author: proben

*000*2016-01-03 03:23

Hello, everybody. Though I have been in this forum for a long time, I didn’t write any post regarding wetting experiences because I have never witnessed wetting accidents in real life. It is until recent days that I finally had the chance to witness a girl wetting herself. I decide to share this story with you guys. English is not my first language, so plz excuse me for my limited range of vocabulary and misuse of words.

I am sharing a house with my landlord. He and her wife are really nice and allow me to use the dining room on weekends for private tutoring while they are away for a routine business trip. There is only one toilet in this house, and the design of the toilet door is kind of tricky: One way to open or lock the door from outside is basically to put the ruler in the groove of the handle then tweak clockwise or counter-clockwise. Thanks to this funny door, I have the chance to witness the wetting accident.

Jane is a Chinese student. She has beautiful long hair and even in informal occasions, likes wearing high heels, business attire and pantyhose, which she said is a good way to show her elegance. My classes provide students with intensive training and are considered tough by many students, but she usually demands my private tutoring from Saturday morning to the afternoon as she thinks she can concentrate for a whole day. To my surprise, in her first class, she just kept sitting still for three hours for my lecture until the one-hour lunch break. During the break she drank a lot of water and finished her self-made lunch box.

In the afternoon, she did exactly the same thing as what she did in the morning, but still maintained a high level of concentration. Yes, she didn’t even use the toilet for a whole day, although she approximately took in 1 litre of water altogether and showed some intention to pee in the afternoon, according to my observation. After she paid me, she walked directly past the toilet to the door. I suggested her to use the toilet before she leaved. However, she smiled and answered in her mother language: “I have a strong bladder and I am good at holding. “ I was totally astonished.

Now here comes the story. My landlord and I had a new-year party on Jan 1st and we didn’t consume all the bears, coffee and watermelon juice. My landlord said I am free to use them when I feel thirsty, coz I helped him do the mowing every week. Jane is coming for tutoring on Jan 2nd, and since she is my client, it would wise for me to share the drinks with her.

She arrived on time at 9:00 am in the morning, wearing high heels, a business shirt and skirt and of course her brownish pantyhose. I told her that I’ve got lots of drinks left after the party and she is free to consume whatever drinks she likes. She was really happy about this and said drinking more can make her feel better coz my hour rate is not low. I suddenly came up a brilliant idea that can possibly make her embarrass herself in front of me. I said to her: “ if you can finish three bottles of watermelon juices( 300 ml each) and two bottles of beers (350 ml each) by 11:30 am without using the toilet before 4:00 pm, you will receive a 50% percent discount for my tutoring today.” To my surprise, she agreed to my deal without any hesitation, and said thank you to me coz her bladder is absolutely going to make it.

She was a pretty smart girl and didn’t start drinking until 11:00 am and finished the last drop several ten seconds before 11:30 am. Nothing special happened in the morning, except that I went to the toilet for a dump during the lunch break. I thought she still had a chance to lose coz she might underestimate the diuretic effect of coffee and watermelon juice. After I finished, I locked the toilet door with a ruler without her notice. In this case, if she really could not hold it, she will have to pee in front of me.

The afternoon session of my lecture began. She still managed to maintain her decency by sitting with her beautiful legs slightly tightened, but it is obvious that she cannot fully concentrate on my lecture. At 2:00 pm, she suddenly crossed her legs and bent slightly forward to ease the pressure of her stomach. I paused and asked whether she would like to give up. She smiled and refused my proposal, said the coffee was tougher than she thought, and if she couldn’t make it, she will dash to the toilet. I was so excited coz the toilet was lock and there is no way for her to figure out the way to open it for the first time. I pretended nothing happens and went on with my lecture.

Her need to pee grew faster than I expected. At 3:00 pm, she could not concentrate any longer and started to put her left hand between her crotches, which makes me feel extremely horny. I stopped my lecture and gave her some exercise questions. I went to the kitchen, turn on the water tap a little bit, allowing the water drops falling constantly on the basin, making unpleasant sounds for her. I knew this was going to undermine her will to hold her pee.

She was trying her best to maintain her dignity, but I guessed she was about to burst, but the only thing I can do is to stand quietly watching her to hold her pee and waiting for her accident. At 3:36, she suddenly pressed very hard on her crotches and dashed to the toilet. As she put her hand on the handle, she panicked as the handle could not move. I heard she cried immediately and realized that it is time to pretend to help her. I tried to pull the handle, but of course it did not work.

“ Can you still hold it? “

“No. It’s coming out.” She said as tears burst out of her eyes.

I saw pee started to trickle down her pantyhose. A small puddle started to form under her legs. Realizing she couldn’t hold it any longer, she pulled up her business skirt, dragged down her pants then squatted down, peeing frantically in front of me. The pee was hissing forcefully onto the wooden floor. She closed her eyes and moaned. Thanks to her quick action, her skirt was still dry and only her pants and her pantyhose got wet.

That was a long pee, perhaps the longest pee I can ever have seen in my life. After about 40 seconds, she finished and noticed that I was watching her. Her face brushed, and tears were still swelling in her eyes. It is the first time that I found her so cute. I gave her some tissues clean her body. She wiped her pantyhose and pants with some tissues, then turned around, putting some dry tissues in her private part.

I think she noticed my erection. She then came back to her seat, pulled up her skirt and sit down, continued to do the exercise I gave her and discussed the questions with me until 4:00 pm, as if nothing had happen.

She paid me the full amount for losing the bet, and it seemed there was no way for me to reject this. So I offered to her to the shopping mall and buy her a pair of new pantyhose and new pants. She thanked me and agreed. Before leaving, she felt again the need to pee. But this time, she just took off her pants and peed right in front of me.

She texted me that night, saying this was the first time she peed herself in front of someone she likes. Oh, what does she mean by saying someone she likes?

