Riding Out the Hurricane

Author: jason2548

*000*2012-10-30 16:30

Well as most of you know, Hurricane Sandy came through the Northeast. School was cancelled for two days and everybody has been stuck inside. The obvious way to ride out a hurricane is to drink alcohol lol. So I had my fun, drank a good amount of beer, and then went back to my room to get ready for bed, as the wind continued to blow and the rain came down. I changed into a pair of boxer briefs, a t-shirt, and some athletic shorts for bed and then drank a ton of water while surfing the internet, so I wouldn't be hung over. I went to the bathroom one last time and then went to bed.

I woke up very early in the morning, desperate to pee from all the beer and water I had drank before going to bed. It was still dark out, but the weather had died down finally. I felt so warm and comfortable just lying there in my bed and I didn't really want to get up. Then a mischievous idea came over me. I relaxed my strained muscles and let out a small gasp as a one second spurt soaked into my boxer briefs. As I enjoyed the warmth and wetness, I let out a longer burst of about three seconds to get the crotch of my shorts nice and wet. I enjoyed the feeling as I rubbed myself and thought that I better get up or my bed was going to be in trouble...suddenly I was wide awake. I had dozed off and now I was wetting uncontrollably.

I tried to clamp down by squeezing my legs together and holding myself, but that only caused the stream to spray in multiple directions. It was no use, the seal was broken. I let out a sign and laid back and enjoyed all the hot pee pooling around my butt and working its way up my back, soaking the back of my t-shirt. Caught in the moment, I pulled my blanket back and my shorts down a little. I was now wetting straight up and had a blast as the stream went up and down my body. Pee was everywhere! My shirt and shorts were soaked and I was lying in a small lake of pee. I'm going to have a lot of clean up I thought, as I drifted back to sleep for a little, but it was well worth it.

