My experiences

Author: mojador84

*000*2012-11-24 22:40

Hey

I'm new here so I'd like to share some of my experiences. I am m 28 and totally into girls but after a frustrating relationship trying to live some of the things I never could do with none of my girlfriends, so...

I just remembred one day in kindergarten when this girl, Christina, played next to me in the sandpit...we were playing random stuff when she started to act nervously and just said "I....I do have to go..." and went deliberately in her pants in the middle, me and other children watching. I had some other experiences during childhood, especially with sports clothes. Until today, girls wearing jogging pants arouse me a lot and sometimes, when I see girls in sporty outfits (I play a lot of tennis and sometimes there are chicks on the neighbored grounds), I imagine how it would look like if they crouched down and pee all through their jogging pants moaning "i do have to go" all the way through...

My favourite pair of joggers were light blue though I had some dark blues as well and sometimes, during nighttime, I would secretly take them out of the drawer and release myself in them.

Today, I own a few pairs of joggers, they are quite comfortable and I sometimes sleep in them, even when I'm not wetting or peeing, they are my favourite. But when I plan to wet, I'd sometimes put 2 pairs on because I tend to have a lot of pee and so they soak more...

My favourite ones are made of cotton 100% because they soak more that the polyester ones, but generally I own some different brands to keep on going while others are in the laundry etc...

So today I pulled on a grey pair and another blue ones from h&m of quite poor quality. I peed a bit into them last week and let them dry for the smell, but there's actually a lot of difference. The grey ones smelled nice but the blue was awfully smelly... of the same pee??! I don't know what it depends on to have a smelly pee or a nice odeur (maybe you know what I'm talking about). 

So I pulled them on, lay on my bed, protected my bed a little with a light blue towel, and slightly let out my pee. It was an awesome feeling but due to the quantity I had to stop and took a small 0,5 liter coke bottle, trying to fill it up laying on my bed. I pressed very hard and peeing so hard into the bottle, I got a boner and sprayed a little on my belly and the sheets. I rapidly took the towel to prevent more damage but the urge kept me going and I stopped peeing in the bottle and changed my pants another time. 2 pairs of jogging pants can soak a lot and I was surprised of the load, I filled up the 0,5 l bottle and my pants were filled up with warm pee. I would come just a few moments afterwards, because pressing all the pee through my hard dick arouses so much...

I'll try to make some videos or tell more about my experiences (only if you're interested, of course)

Thanks

