Peeing Myself in the Bath (With a Pic)

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2014-07-22 12:54

Hi,

These last few days I've been really horny. I don't know why. It has been warmer weather than usual for the UK, so I'll put it down to that. Anyhow, today's been fun writing a new part for my fan fiction, but I've just taken a brake from that to do something in the real world. I've been drinking plenty of water all this morning. So a few minutes ago, I started rummaging through my draws, looking for something fun to have a bit of summer fun in. I found my bright red leggings at the bottom of one of the draws, and quickly decided it was time I spruced up my piddle habit with a bit of colour. So without hesitation I stripped off my shorts. I stood for a moment, trying to decided to go with or without underwear. In a rush I decided it would be more fun without, and quickly I pull up the leggings. They're a little on the tight side but that's just more fun.

I stood for a moment, buzzing with a climax of hormones and excitement. It was time for my naughty secret to come out to play again. Knowing I was on the time limit, I grabbed my shorts and rushed out of my room, heading down to the bathroom where I locked myself in. It's a terrible small room with a bath tub to shower in. I climbed in the tub and stood for a moment, rubbing my dry legs together, then I placed one hand on my tummy and pushed. I felt my leggings fill with warmth and a thick stream burst straight through the tight red fabric.

A dark spot erupted in my crotch and the warm stream split to run down the inside of my legs. I felt the hot pee soaking into my socks, and then two yellow puddles appeared from under my feet. It felt amazing! I could see the loo, and I was thinking 'I should be on there.' How naughty I was being! The pee flowed and flowed, and I started to hear the plug hole gurgling as my wee-wee trickled down it. I squeezed and shook every last drop out, and enjoyed the delight of the warmth in-between my legs.

I stood still, as the last of the pee dribbled out into my leggings. Then an idea came to me. I'd bought my shorts in so I could get back to my room, and there was one thing in my shorts pocket. My phone. Now I'm not normally one for photos, intact I have on several occasions turned down people who have asked me to photograph my wet clothes. But I was terribly horny. As I right this, I still am terribly horny. I can assure you this is probably going to be a one off, but here you go. I've attached the photo I snapped before quickly cleaning up, and heading back to my room to write this.

Enjoy the pic, see you later. It was great fun to take. I must go, lots to do and not much time! x

*008*2014-08-05 15:35

{{ 

Wow your gorgeous, don't be shy of pictures ;) x x x

}}

Thank you x

*012*2014-08-16 21:41

{{ 

Wow, great story! The pic really makes it come alive. Thank you for sharing!

}}

You're more than welcome! Thanks for the kind words :) x

*015*2015-01-15 15:03

{{ 

A body like yours deserve to be in leggings.

Leggings like that deserve to be wet.

Contribution like this deserves all the compliments.

Thank you and keep going.

}}

Awww thank you :) And don't worry, I have no intention of stopping ;) x

