Rachel's Maid Up-skirt Wetting [Pictures and Video] - Page 2

Author: rachelkirwan

*032*2012-09-29 16:29

Yummy, I feel a little like a sex object now... and kinda like it :)

*034*2012-10-01 16:49

{{:

Excellent video Rachel. The up-skirt shot is amazing and it turned out really well.

How much do those Goodnites pads hold?

}}

Actually the whole wetting and then some! Almost leaked cause I was standing on the edge....

Thanks for all the love everyone, more to come :)

*045*2012-11-03 16:03

{{:

As performance art is now permitted for the Turner Prize, it's a shame you didn't enter this in time! Too desperate maybe?! You sure beat an artist's 'unmade bed' any day.

This is from the Tate's blurb. . .

"The Turner Prize award is £40,000 with £25,000 going to the winner and £5,000 each for the other shortlisted artists. The Prize, established in 1984, is awarded to a British artist under 50 for an outstanding exhibition or other presentation of their work in the 12 months preceding 24 April 2012. It is intended to promote public discussion of new developments in contemporary British art and is widely recognised as one of the most important and prestigious awards for the visual arts in Europe.

Work by the shortlisted artists will be shown in an exhibition at Tate Britain opening on 2 October 2012. The winner will be announced at Tate Britain on Monday 3 December 2012 during a live broadcast by Channel 4."

}}

Ha, I know all about the Turner and I'm honoured to have received your nomination ;) Thanks!

More to come I hope, as soon as I can figure out how to get a new camera...

*048*2012-11-04 14:47

Thanks again for the kind words.

{{:

Thank you so much for another great post :) I love the amount of effort you put into these posts from the story to the pictures to the video, i hope you never stop posting :)

}}

Unfortunately I'm going to have to stop posting for a while as I broke my camera on the last shoot. So until then I've got a few pictures from a failed shoot a while back and that's it :(

