Accidental Wetting - Page 2

Author: 123Jaz

*026*2014-09-23 16:29

{{:

I loved your experience! Well written and really catchy

Thanks for the photos as well

}}

Thank you! You're welcome! Glad you liked them

{{:

Very nice story, thank you very much for sharing and for the pics.

I loved the part where you went 30 min into shopping and skipped the loo still.

}}

Thank you! And you're welcome! Glad you liked!

Well, I had to get some stuff!

{{:

Thank you for sharing a very impressive first post and I love the pictures :) Any wet spots on the dress?

}}

Thank you!! Erm, not that I noticed at the time but there was bound to have been!

*028*2014-09-23 21:44

{{:

That was amazing. Thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you very much

*030*2014-09-24 17:48

{{:

As others have said, you've absolutely no need to worry! It was a really well written contribution, and the detailed and quite lengthy description of your desperation (the best bit for me!) really was a pleasure to read. I think I could picture the scene, especially that last few minutes on the bus, really well from your words. The build up to that, and the various thigh clenching moments as circumstances conspired against you time after time, was just as valuable though!

Just to complete the picture, and satisfy my own curiosity (after wondering the same on a fairly long bus trip in heavy traffic at the weekend!), how do you go about holding your pee hole in a situation like that? Reach under your dress, pulling it right up as you do so, to plug it up and clench your thighs around your hand, or something a little more subtle?

}}

Thank you so much!!

Well, luckily there wasn't many people on the bus and they were all sat towards the front of the bus and I was sat at the back, so I just pulled my dress up and plugged it and and clenched my thighs around my hands!

*032*2014-09-24 20:08

{{:

Thanks for that!

}}

You're very welcome!

*034*2014-09-24 20:11

{{:

Both hands? The image just gets better and better! Keep the stories coming anyway :-)

}}

Yes both hands, one hand against my pee hole and the other pressing on top! Ooh really? Thank you! I will do!

*035*2014-09-24 20:54

{{:

Wow! hat is soooooo hot! Did pee trickle through your fingers? .

}}

I did leak a little, yes

*038*2014-09-25 06:18

{{:

Another great story, wonderfully naughty too

}}

Thank youu :3

*040*2014-09-26 15:24

{{:

Extremely hot story. Your writing of it is great and it produced an excellent visual in my mind. I see we've both joined around the same time, so I'm really hoping you'll share more. And by the way, correct me if I'm understand things wrong, but when you say you "had some fun" do you mean right there, in the same spot you had wet, while standing in it?

}}

Thank you! That's good! I didn't know whether I was writing it in a good way! Yeah, sat in it not stood in it, but yeah :3

{{:

Yay, a new poster! I'm glad that you were able to at least make it into your house before having your accident, haha. Public incidents can be really embarrassing...

Anyway, that was a fantastic first story and thanks for sharing!

}}

Hehehe! Yeah me too! I've never had a public accident (touch wood) but I would've guessed so!

Thank you!

*042*2014-09-28 07:55

{{:

Wowza! I've been in that place maybe a few too many times...

}}

Me too, I seem to be rather accident prone!!

*044*2014-09-28 15:30

{{:

That really was an incredible. Story. I really enjoyed. I look forward to more.

}}

Thank you very much! You'll get more soon!

*046*2014-10-04 09:24

{{:

Great. I look forward to it.

}}

Hehehehe :3

*048*2014-10-04 09:48

{{:

Wonderful story and I thought the pics were really nice too! Looking forward to seeing and reading more in the future!

}}

Thank you very much! I'm just writing something up at the moment, it's not an actual wetting so I hadn't put it up yet, but I thought why not! Some people prefer desperation over wetting so some people might enjoy it more!

