Very Wet Shorts on the Beach

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2013-11-02 18:19

It was the first day of a prefect rewards residential and I was already lusting for fun. We'd spent the whole of yesterday on the coach, and I'd already had some fun on there. Today our itinerary was quite empty. In the morning we'd been shown round the nature park we were staying in, and the afternoon was just recreation time.

The park was quite big. It was situated on a steep hill and surrounded by woodland. I love nature, always have done and always will do. It gives me desires and urges, and more importantly the freedom to explore and experiment with them. It was, after all, in the forest on my walk home from high school that I first wet myself.

The park had a simple layout; a small collection of secluded cabins (we had a private cabin each) at the top with a graveled path leading down to the activity ground - a clearing with a number of high wire activities. Along from that was a small mess house, then another narrow traveled path led down to a shallow river, either side of which was a tranquil pebbled beach.

That first afternoon we were sat down on the pebbles, playing games and having a laugh. I was shy by nature, but by this late time in high school I had some strong friends. It was good fun to let our hair down and forget about the worries of the world. But while we were talking, I couldn't help myself start thinking about the coach. Remembering the puddle under my bottom, I wondered where it was now, and whether the cleaners had noticed my naughty little bit of fun.

Later in the evening, my friends decided to go for a little dip in the river. The water was clear and the current gentle so they headed down and started playing in the water. But the coach still hadn't left my mind. Every time I remembered it, I just wanted to wet again. What's more, I knew I had the freedom to. So I told my friends I'd join them in a minute, and then headed back to my cabin. I'd pre-planned my little excursion, and brought with my a number of old bits of clothing I didn't mind wrecking. In amongst them was a pair of denim shorts. They were incredibly short, not really covering much other than my crotch.

I dropped the shorts I was wearing, left my panties in place, and excitedly slipped the old shorts up. They fitted nice and tight, putting a little pressure onto the cheeks of bottom. I was feeling very naughty, and the light puffy swelling in my crotch reflected it. I took off my top and replaced my bra with a bikini top, then looked up at myself in the full length mirror. Pausing for a moment, I ran my fingers over down my body and into my shorts. A tingling filled me and I nervously bit my lip. 'Not here' I thought.

I stepped outside and headed back down to the beach. I knew any liquid would be obvious on the denim, so I had a simple plan. I'd go down to the beach but rather than stepping out into the open, I'd stick in the forest undergrowth behind the beach area itself. It was far enough away, and everybody was well enough distracted not to notice me. So I did just that - creeping along the back of the beach and hiding in the shrubs. Although there were some form of ferns and some shrubs growing, the ground was still pebbled. My nerves were through the roof, my excitement heightened and my lust for wet panties growing by the second.

I found a nice spot and crouched down. I was completely behind the ferns, although I could still see through to my friends frolicking about in the clear river. I looked back down at the dry pebbles and took a deep breath. I'd tucked my bare feet up under me, so my bottom was actually resting on my heels, the tops of my feet flat on the ground and my knees pressed together out in front of me. One more deep breath calmed my nerves and settled my lustful body. I placed my shaky hands on my knees and stared into my crotch.

A moment passed. Nothing happened. Then, low and behold, my panties filled with a warm tingling feeling. That unmistakable hiss began and a dark patch appeared on my shorts. Multiple streams of warm pee burst through the fabric and flowed onto ankles and feet. The denim absorbed masses of the pee, appearing in one big glistening damp patch. It was growing and growing, all the time tender streams broke free. One stream ran down my legs, still tightly pressed together, and dripped off of my knees. The pebbles below me were coated in my warm pee, which made them glisten in the light. All the time the distant voices of my frolicking friends kept me on edge. The chance of one of them seeing me gave me shivers of excitement. As the flow slowed, I took my wet feet out from under me and sat directly on the pebbles. The final dribble trickled down onto the ground and I laid back in joy.

A few moments passed as I built up the courage for the next stage. I had two ways of dealing with the very obviously wet shorts - first off I could try and sneak off the beach and run back to my cabin, hoping no-one else would be on any of the paths. But that seemed far to risky. If I bumped into someone half way up, there would be no hiding the fact I had just wet myself.

So I decided to take the second option, which was to head down into the river, praying no one would see the strange wet patch before I had a chance to cover myself in the river water. ‘Act confidently’ I though to myself. And so I crept through the undergrowth back to the path entering the beach, then boldly stood up, and began to run for the water. Thankfully the way I’d been squatting as the I’d peed meant the majority of the wet patch was up around my bottom. As I ran towards the water, my friends turned to look at me. They were shouting greetings, which I returned. To this day I’ll never know if anyone did notice my groin. All I know is that not one of them mentioned it. As I hit the water, I deliberately tripped over. Splashing in and covering my entire body with the cool, clear river water. Within a second my shorts were completely darkened, leaving no visible trace of my naughty little bit of fun.

