My girlfriend surprise

Author: lonsdawe

*000*2014-06-10 12:02

Hi all!

I must share with you a short story happend 2days ago with my lovely girlfriend, so enjoy and sorry for my English, I study by myself :)

So me and my girlfriend were at work and chatting on the skype about damned work, so many hours to our date, so classic conversation between working 2 lovers. It was about 11AM, when she told me "sorry

Dawe, I'm back in few minutes, need to go pee". She described me, how full bladder she's got until morning, after wake-up she had no time for toilet. (She wakes up daily about 6AM...)

She told me (still before her pee-pause), she was so desperate that started to hurts her.

She knew very well, that turns me on, it was the main reason, why she told me every detail :)

Later she told me, shu must ran to toilets and was "lucky for her at work", that ladies toilets were free.

We chatting again about 4PM, happy that time of our date is comming in about 3hours, and she messaged me: "Honey, I am so thirsty today, there's so f*cking warm at office... I must drink alot." I answer her, that is so needy, to drink in that kind of weather.

Her bladder becames slowly full again, she told me she's on 4/10 scale, still at 4PM.

We met at home in about 7,30PM and started to kissing. We were both so horny because of our chatting and started rub each other and stripping our clothes. I was nude and she had only 3/4 jean shorts.

She started to have a little pee dance while kissing me, but at the moment I didn't registrate that.

After about 2 minutes she told me, that she have a surprise for me, just don't stop to kissing her.

I was horny and full awaiting what surprise has she for me...???

She swath (?) around me her leg, so the kissing and touching her naked boobies was very hot and for both I think very intensive. 2 minutes later I started to feel something warm on my leg and my penis.

Woooow!

"That's my surprise for my little pervers" whispered she during wetting her shorts swathed around me.

I must looked down on her, her wet spot wasn't at first seconds much visible, but it doesn't took many floods and and she emptied all she holds all the day (except her morning urge).

After that we had a perfect sex, ended with bondaging her, but that's another chapter, not here :)

So that's my first longer story...

Enjoy and please have a comment...

*002*2014-06-12 10:17

OK, thank's for language correction :o) I'm happy to see, somebody likes my story in despite of my grammar mistakes... :o)

*004*2014-06-12 14:57

Yes, thank you Helen :)

It's true, that I am very happy for her. Everytime I told about my fetishes, everytime the lak leads to crash my partnership...

But now, I was very affraid to talk about this to my curent GF, but we talked about everything and it's do f*cking great.

It's unbelievable, that we both are for experiments and we enjoying to each other fetishes :o)

She's got no problem with every kind of peeing (it's true, that some "specials" like peeing while walking must she traines up) but she's very quick to learn :oD :oD

Have you got some similar experiences?

