A really sexy girl candidly shares her wetting experience with me and a co-worker

Author: dz7784

*000*2013-05-31 11:46

This happened to me while I was at work. I work in a casino/hotel complex. One of my co-workers was telling me about a really hot girl that stopped by our booth previously, who was dressed in a short skirt, and tight t-shirt. As he finished telling me how she did a hand-stand, an ass-shaking move, and a few other "stripper" moves, the same girl happens to walk up to the booth again. I had caught her out of the corner of my eye on her way up to the booth, and my co-worker excitedly said hi to her and told me it was her as she got to our booth. The three of us are having a casual conversation, nothing out of the ordinary.

The topic of the conversation turned to how our day is going. Unsolicited, she eagerly began telling us about her cab ride from the airport to the hotel. My attention was fully grabbed when she told us that she had been holding her pee since she was still on the airplane. She's explaing to us in detail how she was already doing a pee-pee dance by the time she made it to the baggage claim. She then goes into detail about how she had developed a wet spot on her pants in the cab from letting a little bit of pee escape accidentally. At this point, I'm literally biting my lip and trying to distract myself so as to avoid getting too turned on and developing an unconcealable erection. She details for us the extent of her desperation, which seemed to peak as she was checking into the hotel. 

After telling us about how much she danced at the check-in desk, she gleefully explains to us how much she was squirming and hobbling along as she's walking down one of the hallways to her room. Her story climaxes when she tells us that she started peeing herself, and was able to stop the stream just long enough to pull her pants and panties down and squat down to pee on the floor. I had to catch myself from getting too turned on when I noticed that I was starting to get hard. My own predicament was made all the more difficult as she tells us how powerful her stream was, and that she guessed she peed for about a little over a minute. She giggled and told us that she hoped there weren't any cameras that caught her in the act. 

Just when I thought she was done, she told us how soaked her panties were, which was why she wasn't wearing any panties at the moment. She told us she simply didn't want to dig through her suitcase for a new pair, and decided to just grab a new pair of pants she turned around and bent over and let her tight, form-fitting pants conform to her ass, as if to prove to us she was wearing no panties. Fortunately for me, a few other customers walked up, just in time to distract me and get back to work. :-D

*006*2013-06-11 05:51

It definitely seemed to me like she had a bit of experience doing this. I never imagined I would run into a random stranger and have a conversation like that so casually and openly. If I were a single man, I almost definitely would've tried hooking up with her.

