A set of my stories

Author: Harris

*000*2013-03-03 03:58

A thread is going to be basically a set of stories, which I will write as often, as I feel like it. I hope you'll like and enjoy it.

The circumstances and plot of most stories are similar so to best understand what it's all about you ought to check my introduction thread as well: Clicky

You are absolutely encouraged to comment and ask questions as much as you wish, provided you don't trash the thread completely and keep it fun for everyone :)

As I said before, my experience goes back to my -teens, can't remember precisely, but by 13 I was already excited by it. Though there wasn't anything in particular that would be worth mentioning, just a small episode.

It was the end of summer when I was at the sea with my mother, her coworker and a daughter of hers, around 9-10 years old. We've been swimming, then sitting on the beach for a few hours, until our mothers told the girl that she should take a bio break. She didn't look like she much needed to, and I wen't into the sea long ago (thought most people do that :) ) but nevertheless I decided to go, too. Didn't get to see the girl peeing though, but got very aroused of the situation.

It got better when I was around 15, I was sent to the summer camp. I'm usually a loner and not much into any companies, so my only company was a 11 old girl, who fell in love with me, well, for as much as kids do fall in love :) She was spending very much time with me, showing me the curiosities only she could know (she's been to this camp for so many years, her parent sent her there every year for a whole summer.. poor girl). I didn't feel anything towards her, yet I didn't want to make her suffer so I tried my best, she wasn't bad as a friend anyway.

One day we went for a walk right after supper. She had a cup of tea and I definitely don't remember her relieving herself for quite some time. Well, we were walking for around half an hour, and once we reached an abandoned building (had to be some camp block, never actually finished) she told me that she has to pee. I was.. well, surprised, and so she quickly said she was just kidding. If I was 5 years older, I'd surely ask her to hold it, but.. well, this time I got to watch her peeing without her noticing. She took a small staircase to an old rusty door and sat near it, lifting her pink dress and peeing. Later I checked the place where she peed, although it was already dry.

There were nothing like that after the camp for a while, apart from girls in school saying how much do they need the toilet. Well, many of them held it until the last lesson (so it was from 8.30 to 14-15 which is much even not taking into accout how much they actually drink.) It was like many girls would prefer to hold it until they got home, though not everyone could. I remember we had six lessons one day (ending 14.10) and I think a girl I really liked didn't go there for a whole day, as usual.

The last lesson was english and we were gathered around teacher's table, discussing our marks or something else (don't really remember). The girls was sitting at the desc, wearing blue jeans with a small flag of Italy at its front. She stood up and went outside the classroom and for some reason I followed her. After a few moments I understood she was heading for the toilets. She asked if I was to follow her inside so I returned to the classroom, feeling a need to find some sort of satisfaction for my fetish needs.

If you have read my introduction thread, you know a way I used to get what I desired. My first story begins when I was 17. I met a nice girl aged 20 while playing Lineage II (many of the following girls are from that game as well), it was a romantic love story of two support class characters and also of two people. At some moment, when our "relationships" got stronger I asked her, whether she could hold it a bit for me. For starters, a bit was about two hours, then it became longer and longer, and included lots of tea, watermellons, desperation at college and so on.

It included a bit of roleplay as well, like I am her commander and she is not allowed to go until the siege ends. One day she had a lab for about three hours and was not allowed to go so she had to hold it. After this she ran to the toilets and barely made it, as a torrent of pee started to come out as soon as she took off her jeans. Sometimes I asked her to hold it until she's home (she had to get here by train) which was really hard for her, yet she did it for me sometimes. Our love story ended right when she decided to dissappear from my life, and after continious attempts to find her all that she wrote were her good wishes for me.

That's it for the moment, I will try to remember some particular stories of more girls and I'll write them as soon as I feel like it. Thanks for reading, hope you like it.

*001*2013-03-03 12:53

Hey there, I'm ready for some update. After this one I shall have to wait a bit as there are some posting limitations at the moment. Well, this story was previously recorded in my livejournal so all I had to is to translate it from russian. Enjoy.

Nastya is 19-old slim brunette girl, pretty much romantic and naive. I met her after a while from my previous story. She was great, in fact. One of the greatest girls I had, really. It took some time to convince her, though. Had to become a close net friend, even make a little investigation to prove her "boyfriend" who just so happened to live in the same city as I do, was lying to her, eventually gaining her trust. She was lonely and needed someone to cheer her up (and this one will fly for many girls I will tell of later).

So, back to Nastya, she was great at writing stories, desperation stories in particular. In some cases, you just tell the girl what you want to hear and then she tries to please you, well or not so. In this case, it was so natural to her. Got you interested? Okay, time for some stories.

Once upon a time she was wandering through a really large supermarket she's never been to before. It took around 3 hours and then she decided to eat something which ended up in eating a pizza and, most notably, drinking a bottle of mineral water. After 2 hours more, she suddenly felt like she has to pee a lot. She was wearing pants and yellow underwear. The thing is, she was to the supermarket for the first time and had no idea on where the bathroom was. So it took her quite some time to search for a map, which was conviniently located near the fountain, which only made her need to pee worse. At last, she found a toilet, but there was a line, not too big though. By that time Nastya was really desperate and started to do a pee dance. However, she was doing her bests to hold it all until the very last drop. And so, she made it, pulled down her clothes and peed in a stall. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth a bit in excitement of a relief.

Took some time to convince Nastya to hold it for me as well, but it was totally worth it. She turned out to be a very obedient girlfriend, had no problems to drink a lot and just wait until I let her go, and I usually chose to wait until her very limit. Gladly, she was excited of it too, making it our mutual interest. She would hold it for me even when I didn't ask to. I remember her lying in the bed around 3 am, unable to go to sleep because of the very full bladder she was unable to empty without my permission. So she was pressing a blanket against her crotch, hoping to last much longer. I loved it, really.

Most times at the college, she would drink some water and be pretty much willing to go by the middle of the day, and that' s what she was doing. However, one day she drank a whole bottle right before her last class of PE, which turned out as much fun since she didn't go since the very morning. After some time running she realised it is hard for her due to a annoying need to urinate, which was growing stronger and stronger. She made it until the end of class, though for her bad luck, she had to spend much time to wait for her teacher and then talking to them for a while. In the end, she rushed to the toilet near the changing room. She made it on time to pull her white panties down and pee, though they ended up being a little wet.

Overall, best things about Nastya were her obedience, her non-shyness to exactly describe everything the was feeling, even the process of peeing. Her being one of my earliest girlfriends, I now realise she was among the most prominent ones.

