Wetting myself with laughter in front of my friend.

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-09-22 02:41

When you’re a kid you never want to take the time out of your busy playtime to relieve yourself…well at least for me. I would often hold it to the max until I couldn’t take it anymore. My mom warned me that it would come back and haunt me, but I never tended to believe her.

I knew I should have.

I was about ten years old. At the cornerstone of puberty and the awkward phase. Anything I do can impact me beneficially or destroy me entirely. I guess this instance can be both.

I was with my friend it was a summer night and I was out pretty late, 7 to be exact…in ten year old standards that’s like partying until midnight. but that’s not important. We were playing and I really had to wee. We were giggling being typical children making jokes that only we could laugh about.

But soon, I drowned her chatter out.

My legs shifted and folded themselves involuntarily. I bounced up and down.

I guess I consumed more water than I thought today. Let’s see, I did go swimming so I must’ve had some intake then, also some juice, milk... Wait, why am I thinking about liquid, this will make me need to pee more! Don’t worry about it…holding it…kind of feels good…besides, if I stop now I won’t be able to play while peeing.

Not to mention I had a deep fear of using other people’s toilets, even though I had a bathroom across the street.

I found myself crossing my legs while standing, I don’t exactly remember what I was doing, but something just made me laugh really hard.

I was rolling in uncontrollable amusement. Tears of joy rolled down my cheeks. My friend was laughing as well, which caused me to laugh harder.

Oh no.

I felt a spurt come out into my pink skirt, there were now 2 places tears were rolling down from. I quickly grabbed my crotch.

“Panetto! You’re peeing!”

I looked back at my friend who stared intently at me, I tried holding it, but there was no point. I was fully wetting myself. I looked up in front of me, where she had a mirror watching myself pee. My face was bright red, I stared at myself in awe.

Darn! What was I doing, I ran out of the room, (still wetting myself mind you) leaving a dark trail on her carpeted floors all the way to the washroom where I continued to pee down my bare trembling legs. I collapsed on the ceramic tile in the remnants of my pee. My butt soaked up most of it on the tile.

Peeing is for babies, I knew I should’ve used their potty. What will my neighbor say? What will my mom say? I didn’t cry, I just remained quiet until my mom brought me comfy clothes and a loving hug.

