Accidental Wetting

Author: 123Jaz

*000*2014-09-21 11:10

Okay, so this is my first contribution to this site concerning omorashi! Please go easy on me! I have been meaning to make this post for a while (that's why I took the pictures) but I haven't got round to it yet! This is rather a long story, I guess it's good for those who like desperation, but if you just want to hear about the wetting then skip to the last two paragraphs!

~

Back in the summer, I had a dentist appointment and woke up a bit late so I quickly got dressed in grey cotton panties, a plain white bra and a purple summer dress. I rushed through my breakfast, which I'd had two large glasses of orange juice with and then I thoroughly brushed my teeth. Much to my dismay I realised that I would have to leave right then in order to be able to catch my bus so I'd have to skip being able to go to the toilet. I didn't need to go too bad, but I could feel that I did need to go.

I caught my bus and because the bus near my house doesn't go all the way to the dentist I had to change bus when I got to the small shopping centre in my town. I quickly got to the dentist and I was early and the dental practise hadn't actually opened yet so I had to sit on the bench outside for half an hour.

I started to feel more and more like I had to pee right now and I hoped that I would have a chance to use the bathroom that was in the waiting room before I had my appointment.

I, of course, had no such luck! When the dental practise finally opened I checked in at the reception and was about to make my way towards the bathroom when my dentist stuck his head round the door into the waiting room and called me through for my appointment. I laid down and tried not to fidget too much, but I couldn't help but clench my thighs every so often. I ended up fidgeting rather a lot, to the point where my dentist actually asked me to stop fidgeting.

The actual appointment didn't take all that long but my dentist talks rather a lot, and not just about teeth, and he spent about half an hour just catching up with me about my life as of recent. After I left the actual room, my dentist followed me back into the waiting room and stood with me at the receptionists desk and told her when I'd need my next appointment. I didn't pay much attention to that and was glad that she printed out the appointment times.

I was going to use the bathroom before I left but as I turned to use it I noticed someone go in. I didn't want to overstay my welcome so I just left. I caught my bus back to the shopping centre and since I had about half an hour to wait until my not very frequent bus came I went into the supermarket and picked up a few things. I had planned on using the toilet in there but the queue at the tll was long and I didn't end up having enough time.

When I got on the bus I sat right at the back and put my bags next to me so I could discreetly hold my hand up against myself. The bus went over a bump and I leaked a little into my panties but I quickly plugged up my pee hole so there was only a small damp mark that I could feel. I clenched my thighs together and waited for the bus to reach my stop. I quickly got off the bus when it reached my stop but I had to wait a while at the traffic lights before I could cross over. Whilst I waited at the traffic lights a lot of cars drove by so I couldn't hold myself and I had quite a few bags in my hangs anyway. A few drops escaped and trailed down my legs. I was concentrating so much on not having a full blown accident that I didn't realise the lights had changed to red, so I quickly hurried accross and made it bag to my house.

I did a peepee dance on the door step as I rummaged through my handbag looking for my front door key, but I just couldn't find it (my door doesn't need locking it's one that automatically locks when you shut it, there is a dead bolt but I never use it because my neighbourhood is quite nice). Luckily I had the back door key with me so I quickly went round the back and set all my bags down on the floor so I could open the door. I quickly set the bags down in the kitchen and went back to lock the back door and as I was doing so I let a few spurts of pee out into my panties and quickly had to clamp my pee hole shut. 

I tried the door but it swung open so I groaned and pulled it shut again and tried to concentrate on locking the door rather than on my toilet needs. Drops of pee started to leave me and then I could no longer hold back the inpending flow and inevitably started to piss all over the floor. I wanted to contain the mess so I didn't bother running for the toilet and instead just spread my legs and lifted my dress and let myself explode. A huge torrent of pee splashed down my legs and I could feel the wetness all the way round to my bum. My panties got drenched and hunged to my clit, which was begging to be rubbed. I had a bit of fun - if you know what I mean - then I cleaned up the mess I made and finally locked the back door! Then I went and got changed and took a couple of pictures for you guys!

*002*2014-09-21 13:36

{{:

Oh huh my good your experience is really great.... and it is so because it is a everyday life experience, it is genuine, and you have had a real accident, that are the most beautiful that I can imagine.... unlucky I've never seen a really one!

Did someone saw you just before entering into your house?

Ah. I assume you were wearing a skirt, didn't you?

Thank you very much indeed for the pics

}}

Thank you!

In all honesty I don't know, I was too busy trying to get into my house! Quite possibly yes! My neighbourhood is quite busy so anyone could have seen although I didn't notice anyone!

As I did say, I was wearing a dress seen as it was summer and fairly hot!

You're welcome! (:

*004*2014-09-21 13:41

{{:

Have you saved your dress or it got wet as well?

}}

No my dress was fine!

*006*2014-09-21 14:51

{{:

No need for that. Your experience was well written and I really enjoyed reading it. :)

I am glad you made it home instead of having a humiliating accident in public.

Also, you picked the perfect panties for this to happen. :D

Thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you! I didn't quite know if I was writing it in a way that people would like or not!

Yeah me too!

Yeah I did think that myself actually!!

You're welcome

*008*2014-09-21 17:15

{{:

Thank you for the experience and being brave and showing us the aftermath too - I really enjoyed it and hope to hear more from you in the future :)

}}

You're welcome!!! You definitely will! I'm glad you enjoyed it!

*010*2014-09-21 17:44

{{:

I certainly enjoyed reading! Female desperation such a turn on!

}}

Thank you! (:

*012*2014-09-21 19:27

{{:

Good thing pictures say 1000 words, cuz right now I am speechless. Thank you for sharing. Really do hope you share more of your stories.

}}

Speechless?? Why? You're welcome! I will do! (:

*014*2014-09-21 21:22

Thank you! You're welcome! I know who'd have thought huh? Hahaha! Yeah that's a good side!

{{:

(and those pictures! What a wet patch!).

}}

I did really have to go!!

*016*2014-09-22 06:36

{{:

Very wonderful story! :) and a very cute avatar. please share more with us

}}

Thank you! It's meant to resemble me! I will do!

*019*2014-09-22 15:08

{{:

Fantastic first story. And with beautiful picture to beat. I can't wait to hear more from yourself, you are a natural.

}}

Thank you very much!!

*021*2014-09-22 18:10

{{:

Thats quire a nice little story. Welcome to the forum and thank you for posting :)

}}

Thank you very much!!

*022*2014-09-22 18:29

{{:

Very hot! Thank you for sharing!

}}

Thank you!

