Outdoor

Author: coloradowet

*000*2012-10-17 01:42

Alright everyone, im new here and wanted to share some of my experiences. I grew up in colorado which is a very open and vast place with mountains canyons, rivers, sand dunes.... well the hole nine yards exept a ocean. although their are many ancient ocean beds. I really enjoy being in the outdoors, im somewhat of a mountain man and i find myself alone many times in the wilderness. I go to some of the natural drinking springs to fill up on water.... for some reason the mountain water will just rush right through you =)

One of my memorable excursions i endured was a day trip out to this canyon near my place. I had been drinking water, coffee and tee all day and was burstin to pee. It was a time when i had taken a month off from omo due to personal preference, meaning i had some strong muscles down their that could just hold a ton. I remember the drive out their squirming around in my car daring myself not to give in. To just keep holding it and holding it until that damn breaks, sometimes a hard thing to do when you enjoy a pee in the pants now and again. but i was determined this time... kept drinking spring water on the drive and got that hollow feeling in my chest...(this particular spring water is easier to drink than tap water... it doesnt make you feel like your drowning yourself, you can just keep drinking it and you just keep feeling better!!!)

I got to the parking spot and got out of the car.... i lost control immediately, i mean their was nothing i could do, a feat to achieve when your a guy.... I just poured out in a hiss in my heavy black jeans...jnco they was, in the parking lot, it just came and came for about 1 and a 1/2 minuts... i felt so so good..... I grabbed my water and hit the hills.... knowing that was only the beginning..... I think i wet myself about 6 times in those jeans in a matter of 4 hours... each one was very relieving.

I found these rocks out their that where crystals... They were very dirty though so i ended up polishing them up by peeing on them through my jeans... really made those rocks shine!!!

Well hope you enjoyed.... my wet outdoor fun.... kinda fun to share one here and their.

