Holding at work

Author: gnii

*000*2014-01-31 12:55

Hi guys,

I didn't know whether to post this on the general discussion forum or here, eventually I decided to post it here because this could become an experience soon

I'm having this half idea of holding at work. It could be funny because in my office there's always another person so I should constantly dissimulate my discomfort . I thought I could get suggestions from you about how to make the thing harder and spicier! Even better, I wanna take it as a game, so as long as it doesn't go beyond my comfort zone, I'll do everything you suggest, like a challenge/dare. Note that:

- No embarassing situations, I don't wanna wet myself at work or else like that.

- Normally the restrooms are not too crowded (sometimes I managed to masturbate in a toilet without being bothered by the noises of people entering or else ).

I'm lacking of fantasy, that's why I'm looking for hints! I don't know exactly when I'll do this, but I'll report when I do!

So, some ideas? And thank you in advance

- Gnii

*002*2014-01-31 18:52

Leggings? Panties? I'm a guy :P otherwise it would have been a cool idea XD

*005*2014-02-01 09:10

{{ 

Ehrm... oops, I misjuged that a little. No idea why I tought you were female. Sorry!

Anyway, some light coloured pants would work to make a small leak visible to make things a little more daring.

}}

No problem at all :) that would be a nice idea, too bad i don't have a pair of trousers that would work that way...

*007*2014-02-18 12:18

All this week and also the next one, since my girlfriend will always work in the afternoon, I'll have several occasions in which I'll be home alone for the whole day. So I'm thinking to do a hold, I'm very in the mood for this :P I'm writing this here because I'm having this half-idea of starting the hold at work. Dunno, like just allowing me the morning pee as soon as I wake up and then deny myself the use of bathroom since for all the work time. Then when I'm home, I'd give myself a rule, something like drinking a glass of water every 20 minutes, until I totally lose control. What do you think? :) Any suggestions? :)

