First ever wetting experience

Author: notproud

*000*2015-01-07 01:05

As an inexperienced wetter I just wanted to share my first ever masturbation wetting experience with people who understand. I have never ever actually wet my pants before, but I was always drawn to stories and videos of other people doing it, it was such a turn on. There's just something about watching the hot, wet liquid fill their panties and jeans and spread warmth all over them and watching them love it. So today I was feeling rather horny, and having a good deal of alone time available to me I decided to have some "alone time" as it were. 

At first I was just browsing pornhub when I realized that I actually really needed to pee, so I decided to look more in that direction. After about 5 minutes of watching girls wet themselves my underwear were completely soaked from excitement, I had never wanted to cum so badly, but I also had never needed to pee so badly. I really wanted to have my first time be in jeans but I also didn't want to have to deal with cleaning my only good pants without anyone noticing, so I looked to a bag of clothes that I had been planning on getting rid of anyway.

I pulled on some old underwear and a very old pair of pants and got in the shower, still watching girls pee their panties and jeans. As soon as I got in the shower I could feel my underwear get even wetter and I was soooo wet just dying to touch myself but I didn't, not yet. I wanted to just pee but seeing as it was my first time my body had other ideas, not being anywhere near a toilet it was surprisingly difficult to let my bladder just go. I was rubbing and grinding on my hand just dying to pee/cum when I finally felt it coming, my bladder relaxed and what felt like gallons of hot, steaming, piss filled my underwear and started to run down my legs. My jeans were so tight that all of the warm, yellow liquid got soaked up and touched every part of my pussy and legs.

It was the best feeling I have ever had, I practically came right there. As soon as I was done I used my hands to rub all of that pee all over my legs, and ass, and pussy. I was dripping wet from both pee and sexual excitement. I couldn't hold back any longer and stuffed my hands down my underwear and started rubbing my clit with all that deliciously hot yellow piss. I came in about 10 seconds harder than I ever have before and my underwear filled with my gushing cum and little but more pee. I reveled in the feeling of the jeans on my body until it started to get cold, and then I took them off, put them in a garbage bag and threw them away in a dumpster near by so no one would ever know what I had done. It was amazing. Re-reading this story I have to go masturbate again. I hope you guys liked it!

