Ever wonder what boxer shorts look like when soaked with girl`s pee?

Author: CamiLikesCupcakes

*000*2013-04-11 03:38

Lately, I've been having these dirty fantasies. I really want to take a pair of my boyfriend's underpants, one he'd been wearing all day, and pee in them, masturbate in them, get them completely soaked. Or, even kinkier, have HIM wet a pair, and let me wear them around afterwards.

But unfortunately, my boyfriend doesn't seem like the kinky type, and I'm way too afraid to bring the subject up. So, I decided to do a solo test of how men's boxers feel soaked in women's pee. A while back, I bought this pair of printed boxer shorts, intending to use them as pajama bottoms because they were so insanely soft. But for now, they'd be perfect for my little kinky experiment.

Earlier today, I drank a large iced tea, and it'd been making me pee like crazy all afternoon. It didn't take long at all to fill my bladder up; I started holding around 6 pm, and by 7:45 I was extremely full and uncomfortable, almost in pain. I couldn't hold still, I was squirming about, pressing my legs together and grinding my crotch into the chair I was sitting in, and my breath was coming out in short, quick little pants, not to mention I was starting to sweat slightly. Now, I could have probably held longer and built up a VERY impressive amount, but I'm a complete wimp...plus, I was just too eager to wet myself.

So I went upstairs, changed into the shorts, went into the bathroom...and waited a little longer. I just propped myself on the edge of the bathtub and played around on my phone with one hand, desperately grabbing my crotch with my other. But I really had to go; even though I was holding onto my crotch, I involuntarily leaked every now and then. I continued like this for another 20 minutes, I had a wet patch on my shorts that was about the size of an orange by now.

But by this point, I was at my patience limit and nearing my bladder limit, so I stood up, continued to squirm, hold, and leak for a couple more minutes, and then just let it flow out. The pee came out in a nice, powerful stream, flowing through my shorts and forming little tiny rivers down my legs. It was really diluted and clear, but for some reason, felt extra hot and good this time around. I stuck my hand between my legs again, though this time not to hold myself, but to gently rub myself through the fabric. Peeing so much already felt sexual, so why not?

Ahem...but anyway, the experience was amazing, but still could have been better. The fabric of the shorts got cold very quickly after I was done wetting. The wet spot didn't show up very well. However, the pee did flow down my legs very nicely. Here's a picture I snapped after I was done wetting, with the pee still dripping from my legs.

###

While this was nice, I still really want to actually wet a pair of my boyfriend's underwear. I can keep wishing...

On a side note, does anyone else fantasize about wetting the opposite genders' clothes/underpants?

*006*2013-04-12 00:24

{{:

Of course, I wet in a pair of boxers that were once a boyfriend's (mine now) I think it was a video on it, I prefer to wet in jeans though I like the way the liquid makes a pattern in the material :)

}}

Sounds fun...have you ever tried wetting the boxers underneath a pair of jeans?{{

Super sexy! I have the same fantasy actually, I think it would be extremely hot to wet in a guys boxers that he was wearing all day, and even better if he already peed in them! Same goes for another girls panties as well ^_^

}}

It's cool to hear that someone has the exact same fantasy! Well, except for the part of the panties....but you know what? That might be nice, too.{{

Cami, i love that pic... the way the pee is running down your legs is so sexy,

And this ia a great post ! Thanks for sharing the moment with us !

}}

You're welcome...and thank you so much! :D{{

Boxer briefs (the tighter ones) look even better! :P

}}

{{:

Feel better too, because they absorb much more pee.

}}

Thanks for the suggestion! I've seen pictures of guys in wet boxer-briefs, they look very nice...but now I'm curious as to how nice they feel, too~

