Desperation on a coach

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-19 18:55

Hello everyone,

So, a couple of people have been asking me about any events of desperation I have witnessed, and this one I have to share.

We had travelled 6 hours away for a small holiday at the end of some hard work, but had to drive back down to get to the airport. With the 6 hour drive and a long flight, we thought we'd stay at a hotel instead of driving down to make the flight. After 3 hours we stopped at a service station, but the toilets were smelly squat toilets, the heat made the place stink big time, and some people were reluctant to use them. I wasn't, despite my interest in this subject, I didn't want to have an accident on the coach!

It was so hot we were all literally dripping in sweat, as were the locals. Some people on the coach bought loads of drinks, but I decided not to go too crazy, again, not wanting to jolt my bladder.

We all get back on the coach, and it's pretty boring by this point, I was chatting to the people around me, when one hour in, the girl in the aisle across from me makes a funny noise.

I look over and ask her what's wrong, and she just shakes her head. Over the course of the next 30 mins she is biting her lips and bouncing with her legs crossed. I asked her if she was okay, of course knowing her real problem already, and she states that she needs to use the toilet. I asked her why didn't she go at the rest stop, and she said she did. I just shrugged and said I would ask, but she told me not to, she could make 1.5 hours left. I was messing around and kept offering her an empty bottle I had, which she found funny but denied.

I kept chatting to people, having no real problem, a lot of people were asleep by this point. There was a blonde girl at the front however who kept leaning over to the guy next to her and saying something. Eventually she heard about the girl across from me's predicament, and started asking if she was desperate too.

The blonde girl looked in pain and was fidgeting in her seat. She had her hands in her crotch, I didn't know if she was exaggerating or not but she kept saying about how worried she was getting, and her face looked really panicked.

I saw the bridge that I recognised from the journey out, and knew we must be closed. I asked some people who knew the area and they said about half an hour left to go. By now, the girl across from me had her bag over her crotch, and her hands grasping the bag. She was chatting and quite happy though, but stock still. The girl at the front was saying she was so desperate.

This is where it gets difficult. That 30 minutes turned into longer when we hit traffic, and then when we got out of the traffic, we got lost, going through tiny roads and main roads, and retracing our routes. We had to keep phoning people, and by that point the girl across from me was asking how long it would be etc. I kept being mean and offering the empty bottle but she kept refusing me. When the driver turned off the engine to wait for further instructions from whoever had the directions, the girl at the front turned around and said "There's gonna be a wet seat in a minute, I'm seriously concerned".

I then said about the bottle, but for a serious purpose, and the blonde girl refused. I then pointed out the window to a bush, but she declined. I literally thought she was gonna lose it right there.

The bus started up again, and the girl across from me now had her hands under her bag, but still looked calm. The blonde girl was literally bent all the way forwards with her head down by her knees for pretty much the rest of the journey. She was wearing red harem style pants and it would have been easy to see any wet patches, but there wasn't any.

When we eventually got to the hotel they both bolted in and used the lobby toilets. I didn't get a chance to look at their clothes after that, but they were both super close to losing it, and may have already lost a fair amount that I just wasn't able to see!

