Lovely Morning Shower

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-05-21 11:53

On the mornings when Matty gets up early or he gets up to go to work I will either go into Alice's room and get into bed with her or she comes and gets in bed with me and we either snuggle and watch TV or go back to sleep depending what time it is. Yesterday morning I was roused by Matty getting out of bed and he apologised for waking me and said he was going to get a shower and was then heading out to run some errands. I kissed him before rolling over and snuggling under the duvet. As I came round I noticed that I really needed a wee. The previous night me and Alice had some holding fun and all the liquid I had drunk had filtered through and filled my bladder. I was too warm and cosy to get up and go pee and decided it wasn't too bad and went to go back to sleep. As I laid there I heard movement outside the door and I looked up and found Alice walking in. I threw the duvet open and she climbed into bed and snuggled up to me.

She asked how long Matty had been in the shower. I told her about 5 minutes and she said okay. I asked why and she said she had gotten up because she needed a wee but then found the bathroom locked and realised it was Matty so came and got in bed with me. I nodded and said that I needed to pee too but I was too warm and cosy to go. She laughed and said “I was too, but I really needed a wee so had to get up”. I laughed and she said she would go when Matty finished and would come back. I nodded and rolled over and turned my music on and snuggled back under the duvet. We laid there listening to the music for a while and I just thought she was being quiet but I then realised she had fallen back asleep. Matty came back from his shower and got dressed and kissed me goodbye and after he left I snuggled into Alice and went back to sleep.

I woke about an hour later and the first thing I noticed was how badly I needed a wee. I put my hand between my legs and squeezed my thighs together. I laid like that for a while enjoying the feeling of my full bladder and the feeling of my steadily increasing desperation. After about 20 minutes I was absolutely bursting and I knew if I didn't get up and go pee soon I would end up wetting the bed. I put it off a few more minutes but then I heard my sisters TV turn on in her room and I knew she would be getting up soon and getting ready for work. I decided it would be best to go before she got up and went for her shower. As I manoeuvred my arm from underneath Alice she stirred. I told her I was sorry and laid watching her as she came round from her sleep. She is always so cute when she wakes up. When she came round she said good morning and I noticed she was squirming.

I said good morning back and swung my legs out over the bed and stood up. She asked where I was going and I told her I was going for a wee. She moaned and said “oh god hurry up I was just about to go”. I giggled and said “you do seem a bit squirmy”. She nodded and said “I was desperate earlier but then fell asleep, now im bursting so please be quick”. I laughed and headed over to the bathroom. I sat down on the toilet and let go of my bursting bladder. It felt so nice as relief washed over me. The thought of Alice laid in bed squirming waiting for me to finish was turning me on so much. Eventually my bladder emptied and I got up and went over to the sink to wash my hands. As I came out of the bathroom my sister was coming out of her room. She smiled and said good morning and went past me into the bathroom. I smiled at the thought of Alice needing a wee but now having to wait.

I went back into my room and climbed into bed. She was laid squirming and I leaned over and said “you look so sexy when you squirm”. She giggled and I leaned down and kissed her. We kissed for a moment before she broke away and jumped up and said “ill be back in a moment I need to go for a wee before I burst”. She did a cute little dance as if to emphasise her need before she headed to the door. I wanted to tell her that Casey was in the shower but I wanted her to find out for herself. She went across the landing and hit the bathroom door. When she found it locked she realised Casey was in there and grabbed her crotch and bobbed. She came back and said “oh god Casey's in the shower and I'm nearly wetting myself”. My eyes widened as I watched her dancing around in nothing but her sexy white knickers.

She came and sat back on the bed and started bouncing. I just watched her bouncing in desperation and watching her boobies bounce. As I watched I found myself getting more and more turned on. Every few seconds she would make the sexy desperation noises like gasping and going “oooh” and sucking air through her teeth. Her hand was firmly jammed between her legs pressed against her pee hole and she was gently rubbing against it. About 5 minutes passed and she suddenly jumped up and walked over to the bathroom door. She knocked and said “CASEY!!!! please don't be long”. I heard a muffled reply and Alice said “okay....but any longer and i'm going to end up having an accident”. I melted with arousal as she said that, I love it when girls use the word “Accident” it always sounds so cute to me.

She came back and stood at the bottom of the bed dancing and grabbing her crotch. Suddenly she let out a gasp and I asked what was wrong. She moved her hand and pulled her knickers tight. There was a wet patch on the front and she moaned “oh god im starting to wet myself”. She put her hand back and resumed her sexy dancing. She kept gasping and the wet patch got bigger and bigger. After she had dripped a few times the leaks started. With each leak she moaned and the wet patch got bigger and she droplets running down her thighs. I could only sit there staring at her as she slowly started losing control. Suddenly she moaned out and a spurt escaped past her fingers and shot down her legs. I followed it with my eyes as it ran all the way down to her feet. Then another followed and another. She was walking back and forth down the side of the bed in an attempt to keep control.

All of a sudden she stopped and said “no no no no, I can't wait anymore, im going to burst”. I told her she could do it but she shook her head and said “Im trying but im almost weeing, its going start any second”. She stood on the spot for a moment bouncing and bobbing before moaning and saying “oh god its coming, im having an accident”. When she said that sentence my arousal took over me and my body took over. I reached over and grabbed her hand and pulled her onto the bed. I grabbed her leg and moved it over me so she was straddled across me. She continued her bouncing on top of me and I got so turned on. She tried to get up and I held her down. She moaned saying she was about to burst and told me to let her go. I shook my head and she said “but im about to wee, it will go all over you and the bed”. I smiled and nodded and said “yeah....thats exactly what I want”.

Her eyes widened and I said “let it go baby”. She looked shocked but then a smile spread across her face. She continued bouncing for a moment and then suddenly my tummy and crotch felt warm. I looked down and saw pee pouring out of her knickers all over me. It felt so warm and wonderful and we both moaned, her in relief, me in arousal. She seemed to pee forever until eventually she stopped and let out a sigh. There was a huge puddle on the bed and I was covered in her sweet pee. I pulled her down and kissed her long and hard before rolling her over so she was laid in her puddle.

I licked down her body tasting her pee on my tongue. The more I tasted the more turned on I got. I licked down to her knickers and ran my tongue up the soaked material. I licked her throbbing clit through the wet material until she was writhing in orgasmic pleasure. After her fun we got up and stripped the wet sheets off the bed and put them to wash. We then shared a nice long hot soapy shower together where we had some more fun, but I won't write about that...that's for your imagination.

She certainly brightened up what was a boring Wednesday morning

*002*2015-05-22 12:22

{{ 

Excellent story, had me hot just thinking about it. Reading your other stories, I bet your sister was annoyed she missed the fun

}}

She didn't even know it happened until i thanked her later on

*004*2015-05-23 00:16

{{ 

Wonderful job yet again Gemmy! I always enjoy your stories ^_^

Though, I was wondering, who is Alice? I don't remember her from any other stories, though it's very likely I just missed it. Again, amazing story! You're one lucky girl ;)

}}

Alice is my gf

*007*2015-05-23 09:20

{{ 

Great story Gemmy! I bet Matty was jealous when he found out wasn't he?

}}

Not really, he doesn't really get jealous....mostly he just gets turned on when we tell him about it

*009*2015-05-24 08:58

{{ 

Yes sorry, I didn't really mean jealous in a bitter way but more wish he'd been there type of way.

}}

I realized how you meant it but I just mean he can be involved in something like that anytime so he never really feels like he missed out on anything, he is just happy that we had fun

*013*2015-06-25 15:31

{{ 

Great story, Gemmy! I'm just a little surprised that you didn't restrain Alice from getting out of bed and going to the toilet.

}}

Some mornings i do

*015*2015-06-25 16:31

{{ 

Wow, I bet you and Alice have some wonderful, wet times together! Do you both sometimes wet in your sleep when you're together, or are you always awake to enjoy warm wetness spreading beneath your bodies and even on them?

}}

Usually we are awake

