Childhood memories

Author: buddy

*000*2011-06-24 07:18

I spend my childhood in the suburbs of a German village. When I was 12 years old we got new neighbors across the street. I will never forget that day because it did change my whole life.

One weekend I first saw the big truck of the movers and off course with some other kids from our block we did check who were the new ones. A couple of minutes after the truck there came a big Mercedes Benz. Wow a couple of about 40 left the car. They looked kind of rich. (The house as well was impressive, with big garden and a swimming pool). And a bit later a girl of my age left the back of the car. She was blond and wore a short skirt with a t-shirt and did look cute to me from the very first moment.

All three stood in front of the house and checked out their new home. Well not all three really stood because the girl was actually fidgeting about. Yes she was hopping from foot to foot and running on the spot. Suddenly she did curtsey and quickly move her hand in her lap. Yeah, this girl held herself and was dying for a loo. I was really sorry for her because I could imagine what a terrible journey it must have been for her. After a few minutes the show was over and they left into the house.

Next monday at school (my first year in the gymnasium) our teacher came in the class and yes with him came our new neighbor. Wow, she was in my class. Her name was Andrea. She got her seat. No, not next to me. Better. We did not sit in rows but in form of a „U“ and she was sitting right opposite to me. As she again was dressed in a short skirt from the very first moment I could from time to time glance under her skirt and catch a few glimpses of her white panties. The first time we spoke to each other was on our way back home. Off course we took the same bus for the 30 Min. ride. She was really funny. Like myself she played tennis. So we chatted easily together. After 15 Min. she became a bit restless again and was squirming in her seat.

Then she asked me, how long the trips usually takes. I said: „Another 15 Min., why?“ „Just wanted to know.“ A few minutes before our stop she had become more and more desperate. She was shivering in agony. Then she stood up and did the little pee-dance. I asked her: „Hey Andrea, do you have to pee?“ „No, why?“ „Well you seem to be a bit restless.“ „No, no I just, eh, I thought we must be almost there.“ she did ly. From the bus stop we had to walk another 15 Minutes and during that walk she again held herself a couple of times and did curtsey.

So at that point you know some of the important characteristics of Andrea:

- She was really cute

- she often wore skirts

- she often became desperate and

- she did never admit if she had to go.

We quickly became some kind of best friends. I remember wonderful days that we spent in their or our garden playing, hanging around talking and doing what kids of this age do. And so often she needed a loo. I think at least once a day I could see her being more or less desperate. When we did play a game like monopoly we were lying in the grass me in a trunk she with a swimming suit. She would start to become a bit restless shortly would wriggle her legs, hold herself temporarily then permanent. In her suit I could perfectly see how deep she pushed the fabric in her little clit. Later she stands up from time to time an do the pee-dance, run on the spot. Some times when she waited a bit too long I saw a little spurt in her crotch. If she could not wait any longer she always ran into their house and said she was thirsty hungry or whatever but would never admit her distress.

2 or three times a week we spend the afternoon playing tennis in a nearby club. And even there I saw her in great desperation many times. Either she already arrived in a fidgety stage or at least needed the toilet after some time. She always did wait until she hardly could play anymore, held herself in between the play. When we took a little break she very often sat on a wire which fixed the net post. Often her tennis skirt went higher and higher as she moved around on the wire and I could see how deep she presses it in her clit.

And may be I was one of the few kids that loved school. So often I saw Andrea desperately squirm in her seat, fidget on the schoolyard or during gym. Considering her being desperate so often she pretty rarely had accidents. It happened 3 or 4 times on our way home from school.

When we became older we took dance lessons together. Again with phantastic desperation moments, where some time she held herself on the dancefloor. At that time her behaviour did change slightly. Not that she needed the loo less and still she did not admit it or would even deny it if she was asked. But while she did fidget, squirm and hold herself very openly when she was younger, at the age of about 13-14 she tried to hide her predicament much more. As I knew her so well I still realized it immediately, if she needed the loo badly. Whether she did shiver, cross her legs, curtsey or put her hands in her pocket to hold herself discreetly. And if she was to desperate until the age of 16 I saw her doing wild pee-dances and openly holding herself.

Besides that she became even more attractive and was the favorite of all boys in my school and the tennisclub. What I liked as well was that she still often wore skirts and pretty early and often as well pantyhose. And for almost 6 years I had that perfect place in school where I could have come in my trousers 100 times. Well at the age of 16 we became more intimate. We did kiss and finally some petting. And you guess it even there and at that age she often was desperate and did not admit it.

I remember times where I had my fingers on her crotch over her pantyhose, over her panties or a few times a finger in her clit when she was desperately squirming. A few times I felt her little spurts. And once I held her when she wanted to stand up and catch something to drink. After a while she did really panic and that was the only time I remember where she admitted that she had to go. But at that time I did tickle her. I didn´t really start to tickle more did I touch her rips softly and pressed my knees hers apart. Then she completely lost control. It must have been so urgent. She was lying on the floor with her skirt up, still in her pantyhose, her legs spread and did pee her white cotton pants.

She was never mad about this. Probably because she didn´t know my intentions.

I just turned 17 when we left Germany and went to the states for 5 years. I haven´t seen her again but will never forget her.

