Have You Ever Had Holds/Wettings Interupted By Unexpected Company?

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-05-29 10:46

Justice recently posted in the How long from leaking until you wet post thread how he carefully plans his holds so nobody will stop by or notice. It made me think; Have you ever planned to hold and /wet in private only to be interrupted by unexpected company. I have a few times.

One time I was doing a real time status post while real time holding on another board before I discovered this one. These are my posts.

Yesterday I did not plan a long hold. I usually come online to this and a couple of other pee sites needing to pee because I enjoy reading and posting while my own discomfort increases. I had to pee when I first visited this site at 9:30 and by the time I first responded to your post at 11:00AM I was very uncomfortable. (Sorry I forget all times are EST USA you are +5 hours in the UK) Normally I would shut down within another hour, but you post about a challenge inspired me to hold my pee as long as I could.

Sometimes I do measure my output instead of wetting my pants, and on the spur of the moment, I decided to go for that. Usually if I am wetting it does not get near as bad as I had to go yesterday before I wet, even if I struggle to hold it in .I think between the challenge and the untimely , and unexpected arrival of my son , forced me to really clamp down. I usually don’t go through that much pain, but I am glad I did it. And unlike my usual measuring holds I did not leak before going, except for the small wet spot 45 minutes before I went.

When my son left I slowly got up as to not jostle my way over full bladder. In one had I grabbed an empty 2 quart US (just under 2 liters) milk bottle in one hand and a firm grip on my penis with the other. Once in the bathroom I realized I had wanted to time this as well, but I did not want to risk going back to the kitchen to retrieve my watch .The pain was to strong and of course I could wet myself at any second. At first I could only get about half my total out the pressure was relived but I still needed to go a lot. In 10 minutes I felt the urge to pee again and this time I filled it up to 1.35 liters. I feel this is legitimate as I did not produce all that urine in 10 minutes and my bladder still felt very full. Besides After going to bed I had to get up and pee every 15 minutes for nearly an hour, and not just a small amount either.

For some reason it was a strange dark sort of orange color. I swear this is just 100% my urine produced during my 10 hour hold, during which I stayed hydrated. I was wondering if it is possible to rupture a small blood vessel due to the extreme strain on my bladder. It is no big deals subsequent pees were normal. I was just curious that is all. I think some of you may have more experience in this than me.

Thank you all who commented. The following is the time line as this hold progressed.

10:54 AM At home I often put off going pee just to enjoy the feeling of a full bladder even if I don’t take it to extremes.

Right now last peed 5.5 hours ago need to go 6+

11:27AM I guess we are just about in the same condition .I last peed 5:30 AM eastern US a little over 6 hours ago.

After a 16 oz. drink my need to go increased. So I am near a 7 also. My bladder is beginning to stretch and I feel an occasional urge in my penis (for some reason I feel it there). So far I have resisted to temptation to squirm. I am drinking my normal amount and hopefully you will also. In fact it is about time for lunch and another 16 oz. beverage. Then I probably should do the sink full of dishes. That always strains the sphincter!

1:02 PM Well almost another has past. The introduction of 2 16 oz. drinks (about 1 liter) has made a significant increase in my need to pee. My bladder is stretched to the point of almost being painful. There is strong pressure on my sphincter at the base of my penis as well as some pressure at the tip. I got through the dishes ok, with just a little squirming. I should be able to last a few more hours but I have postponed doing the laundry in case I have an accident. Once it starts felling like it is going to come out I can last about another hour with squeezing and squirming. I am not there yet. Are you drinking like usual? Your friend coming over may help your body with holding your pee. When I did the 13 hour hold I was already desperate when my son came over. I stayed seated at my desk where I could hide my desperation and what my hand was doing. I was able to still hold on after he left; I think my bladder was resigned to hold it.

I have not had any desperate about to pee urges yet. Although I can feel my bladder bulging inside of me it does not show much on the outside.

1:34 PM Ouch that hurts! Holding my pee sitting here is much easier sitting here than standing up moving around. I had to stand up to get dinner started, and that made me realize how bad I have to pee. My bladder is so full I cannot stand up straight. It also caused the serious about to pee urges, especially when I ran some water. I resisted using my hand for now, but I did need to squeeze my legs and squirm a bit

Need to Pee rating: 8.5 (I think my bladder is about 85% of capacity. It hurts although still tolerable

I am not sure what I am going to eventually do as I work overnights so I need to be in bed by 4 PM EST (2.5 hours

2:12 PM Everything, my bladder, sphincter and penis hurts, from the base to the tip. I have used my hand a few times to relieve the pressure , but I am still dry although I am getting more frequent urges that I am about to pee, and my bladder is really bulging inside as it is seriously stretched. Getting strong urge right now squeezing my legs together. It is hard to think about much else but my need to pee really badly. I needed my left hand to squeeze myself again. I think I am going to move things along with another drink, because this hurts.

Need to pee status 9

2:31 PM I had another 16 oz. to drink .I am squeezing and holding my penis most of the time I had to work on dinner a bit, found I could not do that one handed so I let go .The only way I can tell if I leaked is to check my jeans and white briefs for wetness, the pressure is that strong, still dry.

2:57 PM I have decided to go And Measure at 3PM my time if I can last that long. I think I can but I just leaked a bit a patch of warm wetness in my briefs.

3:03 PM I didn’t realize it was that late it is 3PM right now. You are +5 hours from us. I am still dry well almost. I was going to try o hold on a bit longer but my son is here. My desperation is obvious.

3:12 PM OMG he is right here in the room, as is my measuring bottle I am desperately trying not to wet my pants but it is very difficult .After all this time I hate to just let go in the toilet.

Besides I cannot stand up without holding myself or I will wet my pants: I am not sure I won’t anyway.

4:05 PM Wow that was Agony. He was stand right next to me so I could not grab myself, although I could not sit straight and was in obvious serious discomfort. Furthermore I was concerned if I stood up I would soak my jeans. He left about 10 minutes ago and I promptly went pee. Although I sometimes wet my pants that was not the plan today. So I just clamped down and I guess my I don’t want to be embarrassed bladder overdrive muscle to over. I held it all in with only the small spurt which made a nice small wet spot in my briefs at 2:50PM EST us. I made it to the bathroom dry and measured what I had held.

I held it for 10 hours –not my longest time but a new personal record in volume of 1.35 liters. My bladder is still quite sore but it won’t last my new record of pee volume will. Then again I didn’t think I would ever beat my previous record recorded several times of 1.25 liters. Not a huge difference, but when I did that I could not stop the flow any longer. This time although it was very painful I could have lasted a bit longer if I had to. Also although I kept drinking my pee was darker than normal. I took pix of it.

It is ironic I like wetting myself and really didn’t and you don’t but were leaking. OK if my son was not here who knows what would happened It did feel like it was about to come out for a while.

Time for bed Talk Later

###

The second time was already posted here in the day I didn’t use the toilet:” This is the excerpt … My plan was foiled when she didn't show up until 8:30. I had eaten dinner and drank 3 beers. By now I was really full but could not show my desperation. I was mortified that I would wet my pants in front of my daughter.

We chatted for about 45 minutes. I was fidgety but had to refrain from doing anything about it. I was determined not to use the toilet but the pressure was so very intense I could hardly stand it. She got up to leave and I felt a huge rush of pee run down my penis pressing to get out. She stood at the door and continued to talk, and my bladder was about to explode.

Oh God it's going to come out! I rushed behind the kitchen counter, leaned against it, crossed my legs squeezing as tight as I could and hoped. The pressure on my pee hole was so strong I wouldn’t notice if it started coming out until I was getting my briefs wet. If she noticed my plight she didn't let on. Finally she left. As I uncrossed my legs a hot hard unstoppable stream of pee shot down my leg. I usually try to stand in something like the shower to contain the flood, but that wasn't happening. I soaked my jeans and made a large puddle of pee on the kitchen floor .I can hold 1++ liters so you can imagine, the mess .By this time it was almost 9:30.

###

Once I was near the end of a long hold, and was at the need to grab my penis and squirm stage when my long winded sister called on the phone. I struggled for a good half hour trying to end the conversation before I peed my pants. Suddenly I felt my white briefs and jeans getting wet as I could no longer hold back the stream. At first I was chagrined and fought harder to stop peeing in my pants, as if she was in front of me. However, I quickly realized she had no idea what I was doing so I just relaxed and let it happen.

So of the 3 incidents I only totally soaked myself once and she was on the phone. The time when my daughter was here I stayed dry until she left, and the time my son was here I only leaked a little but was in the most agony ever.

Any others have such stories.

