Sports Bus

Author: buggy2013

*000*2015-11-09 19:16

I've been encouraged to share a few of my personal experiences on here, and decided that this was as good as any to start with. I've been prone to holding my whole life, and it has often put me into some sticky situations when I've over-estimated my capacity or control. Some of my most painful holdings took place in high school, on the ride home from a sporting competition.

This particular incident happened my freshman year (so I was about 15). I had not used the restroom since my morning pee at 6:30 that morning, but only barely had time to change and catch the bus for my softball game. I had forgotten that the school we were playing was nearly 90minutes away, so we had to leave early.

I rode all the way there with a full bladder, hoping there would be facilities that I could pop into before play started. We rode there in the same bus as the baseball team (as my school couldn't afford 2 buses to go to the same place, so we squeezed in together for every away game.) The boys were in the back creating a distracting ruckus that set my teeth on edge, while the girls on my team braided hair and prepped for our game (something that peeved me just as much). I was a bit of a meditative pre-game kind of person, and all of this pressure was getting to me.

Once we got there, we heard that there were bathrooms open to us. I was about to head off with a small pack of others, until the coach pulled me aside and asked me to lace up quick and warm up our pitcher, as we were nearing game-time. I agreed, far too eager to please as I was the youngest on the varsity team and tried constantly to shift the attention off my age with excessive enthusiasm and willingness to do anything coach asked. I did as I was told, but the squatting position and jarringly forceful throws weren't helping. I was back-up catcher, 1st baseman, and 3rd baseman (all of which were currently manned by seniors) so I was used to being on the receiving end of some wicked throws, but I usually only warmed up the back-up pitcher, so this required a lot more focus to protect myself.

Once the starters were back from the restrooms, a nearly 200yd trek to the school building, we started regular warm-ups. I had missed my shot at relief for a while. The game played on for an eternity, no easy 3up-3down from either team. To make it worse, it was a chilly 50 degrees with the wind bringing spits of rain in and out the whole time. I cheered and fidgeted from my place on the bench when we were in the field, and tried to keep still when I was on the bases (freshie pinch-hitter!). The icy downpour that started at the bottom of the eight carried out for the rest of the game and onward.

When everything ended I was desperate, and my bladder ached terribly. Unfortunately, they shooed us onto the bus to start the long drive as soon as possible. We were all soaked and chilled to the bone and absolutely filthy when we got on. We were miserable and hungry and were hoping we would stop somewhere to eat. I sat with an upperclassmen, a junior who was small and petite ands played center field for us. She fidgeted awkwardly next to me for a while before finally admitting that she could really use a rest stop. I was struggling to think past the burn in my own abdomen, and her desperate dancing wasn't helping.

One of the coaches made his way down the isle, explaining that we weren't stopping. It was a rule in my school that if you got back from an event later than 10pm then it was an accepted excuse to be late the next day, and we would be cutting it close without the extra time to stop for food. They apologized, and tried to explain to a bus full of tired, cranky, hungry teenagers that the 10pm rule wasn't really the 'free pass' that it seemed to be and that they would get in trouble.

My teammate was nearly in tears. She whispered to me that she didn't think she was going to make it. I assured her that I was in the same boat and she blushed. "You know, we're already soaked- nevermind, that would be disgusting." I caught on, despite her stopping herself. "No, that's not a bad idea." I assured, hoping she would go along with it. As per the social rule, we had switched with the boys for the ride home, so we were now in the back. She shook her head anyway, tearing up in humiliation. "Hey, do you see all the mud and water we tracked in? They're going to have to hose the whole bus down anyway. I'll do it if you do." I tried to convince her.

I heard the small trickle and saw her open her legs a little. She was already going, whether on purpose or accident I couldn't say. It really wasn't all that much, but she really was a tiny girl. She looked at me expectantly, face flaming, and I leaned back a little in the seat. I started to go slowly, but soon it was gushing out of me. I was trying not to pant with relief as it kept coming out. My teammate was bug-eyed at the sight. "I never would have guessed you had to go that bad." She said awkwardly. I shrugged, trying to will away both the remaining ache in my abdomen and the feeling of arousal that had crept up on me.

We never talked about that again, but I did hear a story in homeroom the next day about one of the baseball guys whipping 'it' out to relieve himself in a Gatorade bottle, so it was nice to know that we were not the only ones suffering. I hope to share more of my experienced with y'all.

*002*2015-11-11 16:37

Nobody noticed. And honestly, I was kind of the team's pet. They were very protective of me, so I don't think anyone would've said anything.

