Desperation / wetting fun

Author: weeweegirl

*000*2012-11-25 19:03

Hi all, I just thought I'd share a little wetting experience I had recently.My day started normally, but as the afternoon wore on I felt the urge for a good desperation session, and as I had nothing planned for the night I thought I'd treat myself.I began by filling myself with tea during the last few hours at work, and bt the time I arrived home I was pretty squirmy. I ate dinner and had a large glass of wine, and followed this by filling a pint glass with ice-water which I sipped over the next hour or so.Now one of my favourite things to do is to get so desperate I literally burst, which is not that easy if you are determined for the event to be a 'genuine' accident rather than a last minute urgent release (although they are most fun too lol). With this in mind I thought I'd try to alter my surroundings to affect my capacity to hold. I opened the bathroom window and made sure the heating was off in there, but on elsewhere the the rest of my place was nice and warm.

After about 2 more hours and more ice-water I was about as desperate as I could be, completely unable to keep still, crotch holding, tightly crossed legs etc, so I hobbled to the bedroom and changed into my favourite wetting knickers (pink cotton that show the wet nicely) and nothing else.Then I went into the bathroom and closed the door behind me. There was a definate chill in the air last night and my bathroom must have been catching the breeze as it was absolutely freezing! The effect this had on me was profound. Suddenly I was almost powerless to stop myself starting to wee, it took so much effort to hold it back it was unbelievable, within 5 seconds I had to crouch down and basically sit on my leg, pressing my foot into my crotch and leaning over to reduce the pressure on my bladder muscles.Maybe it was the sight of the toilet that was giving me psychological permission to start weeing or the sudden cold but I was seriously struggling.

After a minute or so I managed to stand long enough to turn on the shower, and that was it. I had absolutely no control over my bladder from that moment, it started as a typical leak, except that it didn't stop, it quickly became a full flow that was an intense relief and felt wonderfully warm as it flowed out of me. I gave up trying to recover myself and instead opened my legs and let it go. I also had a great view of myself in the mirror and I took great pleasure in watching my knickers turn a lovely shade of dark pink as the cotton soaked up my wee.

Once I'd finished the bathroom floor (thankfully tiled) was soaked and my damp legs turned cold very quickly, exacerbated by the chilly breeze si I got out of there quickly, and as I'm not quite as shy as I used to be I'll also say that I was so turned on that I got straight into bed and gave myself an extremely intense orgasm whilst still wearing my wet knickers *blush*Just thought I'd share, I'll definately be trying that again some time soon!xx

*003*2012-11-26 19:29

Thankyou, I'm glad you liked it. Pink knickers and tight jeans eh? I could be persuaded, pictures too...

And yes Ben I'm sorry about the format, 'twas a mistake, I can't seem to delete otherwise I'd have re-posed xx

*011*2012-12-03 21:14

Ah thanks peeps xx

