Waterproof Wetting

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-17 22:36

A couple of weeks ago I thought of something that I am surprised I hadn't thought of before. Me and Shadow were out walking the dogs up on the moors and when we got home I unpacked my bag and took out my waterproof trousers that we take in case it rains. As i pulled them out I suddenly realised I had never pee'd whilst wearing them and wondered what it would feel like. Obviously jeans and leggings absorb the pee but these were waterproof so they wouldn't and I was intrigued what it would be like.

So a couple of days ago I decided to take my dogs for a walk and decided this was the perfect opportunity to test my idea. I put on a pair of white knickers and then put the waterproof trousers over the top. I then put my fleece on and headed out. I called in at our shop (we own a corner shop) and picked up a couple of bottles of lucozade and set off on my walk. I was already feeling my bladder fill due to the three cups of tea I had consumed since I had got up that morning. I opened my first bottle of lucozade and sipped it as we walked along.

An hour or so later I had done a big circuit around the town centre going through the fields and woods and I was heading for the park round the corner from my house so the dogs could have a run around and play fetch. By now my bladder was hitting 8/10 and I could feel the pressure building in my bladder. I nipped into a shop as we passed and picked up a bottle of water. We walked down the road and arrived at the park. There was nobody else about so I took the dogs off their leads and went and sat on one of the swings. I watched them running around occasionally throwing their ball as I sat enjoying the lovely day, sipping on my water.

The pressure in my bladder was getting worse really fast and I could feel more and more liquid entering it, causing it to push down on my pee hole. I crossed my legs and started squirming wanting to hold on as long as possible. I finished my water and sat idly feeling my bladder getting fuller and fuller and before long the bottle of water hit me and I was bursting for a pee. I jammed my hand against my pussy to clamp my pee hole shut which was twitching and aching under the pressure pushing down on it. My legs were shaking and jiggling as I held back the flood enjoying the feeling of my full bladder. Waves of desperation rushed through my body, each time almost making me leak. Suddenly small drips started escaping my pee hole and no matter how hard I tried they kept on coming out, dampening my knickers.

After 5 minutes of dripping a huge wave hit me and a leak escaped....and another....and another, my knickers getting soaked. I was shocked how quickly I was leaking and before I could do anything a spurt shot out of my pee hole and into my soaked knickers. I felt it hit the front of my trousers but with nowhere to absorb into it ran down the crotch of my pants round to my bum. A few more spurts escaped and soon I had a small puddle forming round my bum, it felt so nice and warm.

I decided to see how far I could make it home in my desperate state and got the dogs over and on their leads and headed off. With each step I took I spurted uncontrollably. Now I was stood up the spurts were hitting the crotch of my pants and slowly running down my legs. It felt incredible. I love the feeling of having it run down my legs when im wearing a skirt but this was different, so much nicer. I came to the stairs and started climbing up them. Each time I lifted my leg my pee hole failed and spurts escaped out, getting bigger every time. I got halfway up and suddenly knew if I took another step I would burst.

I couldn't hold it back any more, the flood was going to commence. I clenched my thighs together and started spurting constantly until it became a full flow. It sprayed out against the material of my pants and started dripping down each leg hole. The feeling of having all that pee cascading down my legs was incredible. My knickers were completely soaked all over and my legs were getting soaked. Eventually my bladder was empty and I looked down to see completely dry trousers with pee pouring out of the bottom all over my shoes and running down the stairs. I was amazed at how good it had felt and I suddenly noticed my pussy throbbing against my soaked knickers. I carried on walking and got home about 5 minutes later.

I went into the back garden and peeled the trousers off and hung them over the washing line to drip dry along with my pee soaked socks. I went inside and went upstairs. I took off my top and t-shirt to go and shower and I looked in the mirror. My white knickers were saturated and were now completely see through. I could see my pussy throbbing through them and my clit poking against the material begging to be rubbed. I went to the shower and turned it on, stepping under the water. With out warning the moment the water hit me I started peeing again.

I started rubbing my pussy as the pee poured out of it then couldn't take it any more. I grabbed the shower head and stuffed it down the front of my knickers so the water pounded against my clit. Within seconds I was hit by a huge orgasm and collapsed on the shower floor. As i was laid there shaking and moaning I heard movement and looked up to see Shadow standing there smiling at me. I sheepishly smiled back at him and beckoned for him to join me. Im sure you can imagine what the rest

*004*2014-09-18 23:02

{{ 

I know I sound redundant Gemmy, but damn girl your amazing use of my favorite phrases did it again.

}}

Hee hee, which phrases are they, just so i know for future reference

*007*2014-09-20 15:06

{{ 

Gemmy, Thanks for asking. I quoted my favorite passages of your post, with the best words highlighted.

}}

I will have to make sure my future stories include more phrases like this

*012*2014-09-27 23:46

{{ 

Or even better, wellies... gosh.

}}

I love wetting myself wearing wellies....especially when i have a skirt on

*020*2015-03-07 17:04

{{ 

Is it my imagination, Gemmy, or are you writing fewer stories now, preferring to spend your time either reading stories or sharing your desperation in the Live Action Omorashi thread? Fortunately various people are rediscovering your wet and sexy stories from the recent past and I get a chance to read them without having to search through thousands of your previous posts. Even so, I hope you will write more stories about the fun you and Shadow have with our wonderful fetish.

}}

I still write a lot but not all are for this site, I only write stories for here if they stick out for some reason, mostly i just do in the live thread

*023*2015-03-07 20:08

{{ 

I know your Tumblr blog has stories, but they're not ever about omo. I guess I'll just have to wait for some omo experience to "stick out." Of course your live posts are very exciting to read too, especially when you are holding/teasing/playing with Spoony.

}}

Yeah, the other stuff i write is either for tumblr or for my other fetishes. I will get round to writing some more omo stuff

