Awkward Turned Perfect

Author: TwoUsersOnePee

*000*2015-08-04 07:21

I don’t typically write experiences, this being the first one ever but this was too good not to talk about to someone, since no one I currently talk to knows about this side of me…..off to the internet.

I was at work with only 2 hours remaining of my extended shift I felt a mild urge to pee, I thought at this point it would be very fun to make a game out of it, I work in a grocery store and I always keep drinks in my cart, some iced tea, water, fruit drink, etc, and whenever my phone would ring or I’d get a complaining customer I’d take a drink, if a customer would ask a question I’d take a sip, if I got a compliment I’d finish my drink. Not blowing my horn but I am generally considered rather good looking as I have long hair well kept hair (most common compliment) and a nice body (yes sir I do know what I look like calm down). So in 2 hours of work I had answered 4 questions, 6 phone calls, and 1 mad customer, thank god for slow mornings.

Only 30 minutes left and I’m feeling the pressure coming on severely, needing to tighten my legs. I decide it’s time to take my last bit of freight and it has to happen, a group of girls walk by and they had to shoot a compliment at both my hair and my shirt; saying my thank you and kindly asking if they need anything I turn and finish my recently filled drink. Instantly the struggle increases and I’m rushing to finish my work, desperate as all hell. A few questions later I am narrowing down on the last 3 minutes of my shift and someone horny 14 year old has to compliment my body, thanks a lot DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE DONE TO ME. So I put my freight away, clock off and go fill up my water and drink it, good god.

Dying to pee I quickly do my post work shopping for my mom and race out the door. In my car I put a trash bag (kept in there for other fun times) I speed home from the store. Getting there about 10-15 minutes later I bring in the groceries and guess who wants to stop and talk. Luckily she kept it short as she had her friends over to talk about groceries (seriously what do they talk about) and I always love wetting with others around kinda hoping they walk in and see, then knowing that would be an awkward talk with the religious conservative mom as she hasn’t noticed I use black sheets and a bed cover that “oh woops didn’t even notice it was a waterproof one, I just grabbed the one on sale” for a good reason. 

BUT OH WELL RIGHT?! So I decide to do what I fell in love with this summer, grab a book and go read in the sun. I hit the backyard and lay on my favorite lawn chair I keep the chair there cause the lighting is better, the hot neighbor can somewhat see at the right angle, no window can see, and there is time to cover up by the time the back door opens. 

So I go outside with my book, a nice re-read of Lord of the Rings, stumbling to my chair with the desperate need to pee. Reading and holding, how much sexier can it get (how rhetorical of me), I slipped into the perfect outfit for wetting, this is some next level outfitting right here. I’m wearing a hot pink shirt, low cut as possible, underneath a bra with no padding at all, it gets wet and my nipples poke through like no other, now here’s where it gets fun….so whenever I pee it just goes down my leg and that’s no fun, so I wear a pair of spandex shorts 2 sizes too small it holds everything up top, but leeks through very well. And then some old light color shorts so I can visually enjoy the damage. In the winter I’ll include some boots, nothing like filling them up with some water.

I lay down face up with my plans in place. Once I wet I’m jumping into our pool and saying I was over heated, simple as that and won’t make much doubt. I lay there bursting and drops are already coming out. I give in within 2 minutes, wetting till my jeans became soaked, filling my shorts till every inch is now soaked and I feel the delicious warmth of my own hot piss. The best part is I have a ton left; I drop my shorts down and lift my legs up to my shoulders and let loose on my chest, feeling the heat drip down chest and onto my stomach filling me with even more pleasure, I aim up a little higher to soak my face, hair, and sneak a mouth full of pee.

My shirt is so soaked; you can see every line of my abs, every crevasse of my body, and it feels just great. With my last bit, I pee right onto my face, hair, and in my mouth, swallowing of course (one thing I can’t stand in videos is when the girl doesn’t, it’s in your mouth just swallow) and I lay there looking around to see if anyone saw, sadly, but reluctantly, no one saw me. I lick my fingers and suck on the fabric of my shirt, I put the panties, spandex, shorts back on, walking over full of horny confidence to pool. I lift the blue cover off the pool to jump on in, taking off the fasteners that keep it in place, and it falls straight to the bottom of the pool. My heart stops as I see it, there’s no water in the pool.

I am now faced with very few choices, walk inside and say hey mom and friends I peed all over myself pardon the smell, sneak in the front door and get bombarded by questions later, stay outside until dry and hope the smell isn’t too strong. Then the worst that can happen happens. The door opens and I hear all of my mom’s friends shuffling outside with her so she can show them our new lawn furniture. My mom sees me soaked and kind of confused she guides the friends away and gives me a questioning look, I mouth a quick sorry and run around front, to go in there. Showering and changing clothes I wait. I hear them leave, followed by shuffling up the stairs. She walks in looks at the soaked clothes, as the smell hits her she looks at me confused.

“Honey…..is that pee?” she questioned.

I stutter quietly “y….yes mom….”

She looks more confused than mad and sits down next to me trying to collect her words. She finally decides on her words, “How….how did you manage to wet…..everything, you were wet from head to toe,” she slowly asks.

Well time to come clean, “Well mom…..I do things like this all the time,” I began “I started about 4 years ago, and I like to pee on myself, pee in my bed, and even drink it…..it makes me happy and it feels really good to me….” glancing up expecting disgust and anger I was met by a tilted head and a blank face with a slight smile.

“Why did you hide this for so long?” She asked kindly, “sure it’s not something absolutely normal, but I guess this is to you as masturbating is to any young adult, but something like *eh ehm* ‘this’ needs a bit more material and cleaning supplies,” She said, “I would have been more than happy to help out and make a separate day for cleaning those clothes.”

Chuckling I say softly, “I don’t think I need my mommy to help clean my pee, I’ve done just fine for the past few years”

She calmly says, “Okay sweetie, I’ll give you more space to yourself and if you need time to yourself just give me a shout, I’ll bring extra towels,” she jokes.

Finally shooing her away from my room, it got far too awkward. But HOLY SHIT MY FUCK AND EVERY OTHER SWEAR WORD. I learned my conservative, catholic mother didn’t mind that I was a bed wetting, pants peeing, piss drinker and was there to support me through my enjoyments. Just for kicks later that evening I went down into the kitchen and was talking to her and my little sister, I was standing at the fridge and calmly wet my light gray sweat pants.

“Oooooops, sorry mom,” Giggling softly, “Can you grab me some paper towels”

My sister stared at me and my mom in shock as we acted like nothing about the situation, just casually cleaning up a full grown adults wetting accident. It was mildly hilarious at the same time incredibly hot.

