Omo experiences as a child

Author: Hopeful

*000*2014-08-15 09:16

Just curious, did anyone ever get to know others who were into wetting when you were younger? I'm not asking you to go into details, because, well, we'll be writing about children :p , but I've been thinking of a boy I got to know when I was 12.

Basically, we were in a flatwater kayaking team, and we were going on a trip to Sweden. We would stop one night on our way there and then stay in Sweden for two nights. So on our first night, four of us kids were sleeping in a room with bunkbeds, and he slept above me. We had gone to bed early for some reason and all of a sudden he asks, "if I pee in the bed and it dribbles down on you, will you be mad", to which I was so taken aback I could only answer "yes" before even thinking. Then he said, "nah, I'll go to the bathroom", which he then proceeded to do".

Then when we arrived in Sweden we ended up sharing a room together, and I discovered he shared my fascination for the topic of pee. For example, we would buy lots of soda cans because it's a lot cheaper than in Norway, and I spilled some on the edge of my bed, making it look as if I'd peed on the bed while sitting on the edge. We had fun pretending to have peed on ourselves; we would take turns sitting on the "pee" pretending to laugh at a funny comic, then suddenly pee ourselves and run to the bathroom. Things like that.

It never developed into anything, we didn't do holding contests or pee ourselves or do watersports or anything, which I actually regret today, in part because I haven't met other people into peeing after that. Of course peeing wasn't anything sexual for me back then, but it would've been fun and "daring" to do it with someone else.

Again, not looking for detailed stories as much as, you know, did any of you get to know anyone else who were fascinated with wetting, and how did you realize the other person shared the same interests as you :) ?

*007*2014-08-16 21:21

Sharing this because it's really vague, and we're trading stories here anyways :P .

My little brother had a small bladder and went to the bathroom all the time when he was younger, and when he was around 11-12 he would actually have pretty frequent accidents for a period of time. I don't know if it was that he had a temporary bladder problem or if he just wasn't that good at going when he had to, or both, but it happened, and he was often desperate on car rides, and sometimes made dashes for the bathroom. Sometimes I would find wet/peed-in undies in the laundry (and once he had even just left one lying the bathroom floor in front of the toilet, and yes, I was "mean" enough to actually do that, brotherly love, I suppose, but to my defense I never brought it up to him or teased him about it), and once he came up the stairs wearing only his t-shirt, and I assume he had wet his shorts and undies and left them in the laundry. Once I heard my mother in their bedroom saying, sort of frustrated, "but why didn't you go when you had to, love".

One particularly strong memory is once after I had been in the shower in the bathroom closest to his room. I could hear him come running from his room desperate to pee. He must've seen that the bathroom door was closed and decided to not even try it, 'cause he just kept running, past the bathroom, letting out that "ngh!" sound you make when you almost squirt on yourself, or actually do. He then ran through the master bedroom and into the other bathroom, adjacent to the one I was in, and I could hear him sit on the toilet and fully pee himself, with his shorts still on. He would pee, then stop, then pee, probably until his bladder was empty, and I heard it dribble into the water in the toilet. He'd probably been so urging to pee that he figured he didn't have time to pull his shorts down and decided to sit on the seat and then remove them or something. That had actually happened to me once, too ;) .

Confession at the end: sometimes when he was desperate I would tickle him to try to make him pee on himself. It never worked, unless maybe he peed in his undies a little without me noticing. Yeah, brotherly love . I feel pretty bad about that now , but to my defense I treated him really well other than that.

Not many early memories other than that, other than that once in middle school we were on a class trip to Shetland (this was second year middle school, so we must have been about 13-14), and me and some classmates had gone to the store and were walking back. Three girls ended up walking a short distance ahead of me, and all of a sudden they noticed the one walking in the middle had a wet spot, "rigth there!". They realized she had peed on herself (she pretty much must have, we hadn't been near anything wet) until she said "but it's supposed to be that way!", and the others stopped and just went along with it, probably realizing it was pretty embarrassing for her. I wish I hadn't ended up walking behind them, as I'd never seen someone with peed-in pants until my second year of high school.

