My Vacation

Author: Axis

*000*2012-04-23 04:06

Sorry I had to go on vacation(comment if you missed me!)

So anyway here's my experience:

About twice a year my family and I go down to Ft. Lauderdale, FL to visit my grandparents, uncle, aunt, and my sexy teenage cousin. They all stay in condominiums next to a private beach. My cousin and I would often go down there alone and this trip was no different. She came down in a bikini and sat next to me on the sand. She fidgeted a little, and my peedar went off like crazy! We stayed there talking as she looked more and more desperate. Lucky my suit was loose;) Soon she lays herself down and asks me to bury her. I think why not? It's something to do, and it makes for a good method of keeping her away from the bathroom. Little did I know how wrong I was. Once she was good and buried, she relaxed and relief washed over her face.

On my face: total surprise. She thanked me and told me how badly she had needed that. Her little incident reminded me of my own need, which I mentioned to her. She said she would bury me and while she did I asked her why she didn't go to the bathroom. "Are you kidding? Gross!" Then I asked why she didn't go in the ocean and she just shrugged. Once I was buried I let loose in my trunks and they filled with warm, yellow ecstasy. I let out an overdramatic sigh of relief and she giggled. Then she straddled my lap. "What are you doing?" I asked her. She replied,"I was too nervous with you watching and I didn't let it all out." Then a yellow stream jumped out of her bottoms and onto where my chest was buried. Most people would find that weird but we were such good friends it didn't matter! She got up and looked at the stained sand, giggling like a schoolgirl. The rest of the vacation we would bury each other when they needed to pee. Best vacation ever!

So that's my experience which as too good as it seems, it's true!

Post your vacation omosperiences!

*002*2012-04-23 13:48

Thank you for commenting I really appreciate it! And yeah that's what I thought too lol

