The Summer of Bea - daily updates (and lots of pics!) - Page 2

Author: Beatrix

*027*2012-08-30 09:36

{{:

Woo Bea~! ^_^ I love how you got your panties sticking right above the waist band. That's always cute to me. ^,^ Like they are to big for ya.. but hey! Sweet pictures!

}}

Actually, a lot of my knickers are a bit big for me as I've lost some weight recently - however I've got some that actually fit me so they'll be tighter ;)

And thank you for all the comments, I hope to be able to add more to here soon enough :) x

*028*2012-08-30 15:28

Heya everyone, here's my next update!

I just did an idea with Gemmy (which I know she'll go into detail on her side when she writes it up :) ), in which my side I was stuck in after-school detention from 3 until 4 with a bursting full bladder! I was sat at my desk and managed to hold until just before 4pm, and I went wee-wee in my knickers :p

Enjoy :D x

EDIT: Here's the link to Gemmy's story :) http://omorashi.org/topic/8582-bursting-schoolgirl/

*031*2012-08-30 19:30

{{:

Amazing pics, and videos bea! any chance of a bedwetting video?

}}

Not likely as my laptop is what I would use to record and it's terrible at recording as it is >.< If I ever do wet the bed I'll try and get pics but I can't promise anything x

*033*2012-08-30 21:20

Here's my next wetting, this time in my see-through skirt - I was going to measure this one but I didn't quite get to my bowl in time and spurted onto my hand a lot so I'm just showing some pics - I hope you enjoy :) x

*035*2012-08-31 13:53

{{:

Wow Bea....you just keep getting sexier with each new set of pics....thanks for all these baby <3

}}

You're very welcome sweetheart :D I'm glad you enjoy them every time :3 xxx

*039*2012-09-02 11:29

Sorry for the lack for updates for a couple of days everybody, I wasn't very well yesterday so I couldn't get anything done. However, whilst I don't have pics I did manage to wet the bed :)

I was wearing my jammies (the ones with the cupcake earlier in this thread) and wore my new red knickers with a blue waistband and union jack heart on the front.

I don't recall the dream exactly, but I could feel my bladder filling, filling, filling, then my weehole slowly opening as the pressure got too great and my wee just started to flow out, spread across my bum and leg and up my side, soaking my knickers, jammies, and t-shirt. Just the feeling of my bladder filling to bursting point and then emptying was incredible!

Unfortunately, today is my last day so I'm planning on a couple of ideas so keep a lookout and I'll give you all one last show to remember :) Thank you to everyone who has commented and enjoyed my pics, and I hope you enjoy the last few :) xxx

*041*2012-09-02 13:49

Sorry about the typos in this post but im bursting to cum and i wet ymself and nearly did and stille dging as we speak so i may come back and edit to sort out a tranlated version

Here are pics i tokk of my hold today i was holidng my morning wee from last night last had a wee about midnight last night and 14 hours later and 4 pitsn of water this mornign iw a sb ursting and i managed to get some pics of my bulge but i was swaying to hold on then i spurted and i was about to start so i stood over my bowla nd burst and soaked mysefl and measured my wee

I held 950mls in the end but check out the colour its incredbiel!

EDIT: Heya everyone, firstly apologies for the aroused typos at the start of this post - I had spent the morning edging and filling my bladder :p I came soon after I did these pics, sadly no pics of that! i'm leaving the typos as they are but here's the translation, with added words in brackets:

Sorry about the typos in this post, but I'm bursting to cum and I wet myself and nearly (came) and (I'm) still edging as we speak.

Here are the pics I took of my hold today. I was holding my morning wee from last night - (I) had a wee about midnight last night, and 14 hours later and 4 pints of water this morning I was bursting! I managed to get some pics of my bulge, but I was swaying (side-to-side) to hold on, then I spurted and I was about to start (to wee) so I stood over my bowl and burst, soaking myself and (then) measured my wee.

I held 950mls in the end, but check out the colour (of it) - it's incredible!

*043*2012-09-02 19:15

{{:

Hot pics keep em coming:)

}}

Thank you :) I've got one more thing planned for tonight, then the Summer of Bea has ended :( I'm hoping it will be more of a bang than a fizzle but just keep an eye on this thread and we'll see xxx

*046*2012-09-02 20:38

Hey everyone, this is my last set - at least for now the first half of it! :p

I've taken a few pics at the start with an empty bladder, so I hope you enjoy - I'll update you all later once I've finished my hold :)

Enjoy :D x

EDIT: *sigh* sadly the plan was to have a big explosion of a wet patch on my bum but sadly never happened - and I tried twice :(

Anyways, here are the last two pics and two videos for this set - enjoy :)

First video:

Second video:

I hope you all like the bum wiggling and the torrent between my legs despite the lack of wet bum :) x

*049*2012-09-02 22:25

Well everyone, the Summer of Bea has ended. I hope you all enjoyed what I've done, I'm sorry for the lack of stories but I hope that next time I get time like this I'll write more and photo less :p

Enjoy the pics and videos, see you all soon :)

Love Bea xxx

