Let it run all over your hands...

Author: billy75

*000*2013-05-20 23:29

This may seem a bit taboo. But I tried it once. And I must have been really, really excited.

So, you guys saw the story I posted about wetting an old pair of jeans. Well, there have also been some instances where I wanted to feel the warmth of wetting in other places, such as my hands. I've often been told that I have very soft hands for a guy, and that's mainly because no woman likes a man with rough, dry, ashy hands. I was so in agreement with that when one lady expressed this thought with me.

Anyway, one day that 'wetting' urge came upon me. However, not really having the privacy to deal with that urge completely became an issue. But, I was horny and wanted to try something I hadn't tried. My thinking was, if a male/female are willing to place their tongues in areas where they pee, then what must it taste like if it's cool to place a tongue there? That's when I thought, ok, without just peeing in a glass, let me try my hands for just the experience. Oh boy, just as intense of an orgasm would be next.

I went to the bathroom with the door locked behind me to prevent interruption. My member was hard so once again I calmed down a bit to relieve some of the tension. I pulled down my pants and removed them so they wouldnt get marred by the imminent pleasure, giving way to what I was planning to do. Standing over the toilet, I began to pee, and as the free flow began, I let my hands run under the stream. So warm, so wet. When I finished, I brought my hands up to my face, inhaling the scent of my now wet hands. I began to lick the palm of my hands, discovering the taste of my fluids.

Once I was done, I dried my hands for that moment so that I could finish the enjoyment of what I just did. And, as I closed my eyes and imagined so many things...peeing on my hands...peeing in my pants while moaning in discreet pleasure...imagining the thought of someone peeing on themselves...I stroked myself into a tasty orgasm that ran all down my hand.

After cleaning up, I hadnt gone back to that test again. Although I have felt urges to go there again. Being on this site has refreshed my memory of a lot of things I had wanted to try.

