Messing in Elementary School

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-08-03 05:08

I wasn't really sure whether this was supposed to go here, seeing as it's not technically a wetting experience and I was pretty young, but I've seen tons of other similar stories here, so I'm hoping it's alright!

When I was in kindergarten through second grade, my mom worked as a bartender Wednesday nights, so I stayed the night with her coworker, the mom of four kids who also went to my elementary school. Children have unpredictable bowels, and one morning as we were getting ready for school, I really needed to go poop. Of course, with five young children and their parents in the house, there wasn't usually an open bathroom. Finally, the bathroom was available and I tried to rush inside. The mom stopped me and said it was time to catch the bus. At that exact moment, I couldn't hold it any longer and the poop started coming out, pressing against my white underwear. I tried to protest, but she wouldn't listen to me, and just kept telling me to catch up to the other kids, as I was about to miss the bus. I was in tears, but I wasn't about to tell someone else's mom that I had just pooped in my pants. I ran to the bus stop, now openly sobbing and shaken.

When I got on the bus with the other kids, everyone asked me what was wrong and why I was crying, but I just curled in a ball and refused to talk to anyone. I don't specifically remember my school day itself very well, but I'm sure I acted similarly throughout the day. Miraculously, I don't recall anyone asking about the smell or noticing anything different. I just got through my school day with messed pants. I didn't realize I could have gone to the nurse; no one in my class had ever had an accident, to my knowledge.

When my mom picked me up from school that day, I almost immediately went to the shower, which was unusual for me (and most little kids, I'm assuming?). My mom followed me into the bathroom. At that point I was standing in just my underwear. She asked me to turn around, and I did without argument. I figured either you couldn't see the mess in my underwear, or that I may as well give it up because she would find out anyway. She said, "You went poop... In your pants!" I didn't say anything, but I blushed and turned back around.

My mother (thank goodness for moms, right? Because no one else would want to do this for a seven-year-old) threw away my messed underwear and helped me wash off in the shower. In my memory, I don't think she ever said another thing about it. No questions about why or when it happened, or why I didn't get changed earlier.

So, there you have it. I have a lot of stories, both wetting and messing, some from childhood and some older, most real accidents. Almost all personal; very, very few witnessed. I haven't posted a lot yet, but I hope to be more active, so any suggestions or specific story types you'd like to see are welcome!

