Just happened outside my apartment window.

Author: rmorty

*000*2012-10-20 07:01

I'm at college in my bedroom in the apartment I share with a few guys. Our windows are on the ground level, and a lot of people pass between our building and the next one to get to the street in the back of the building. It's not too rare to hear people walking by, especially when they're very loud and very drunk on the weekends.

I had just turned off the lights and jumped into bed last night when I heard some girls talking. I was going to slide my hands under the blinds to close the window. Then at the last possible second, I stopped myself from swaying the blinds (if I moved them, they would know someone could hear them).

"Rach! I gotta pee SO F-ING BAD!"

"Just come on we gotta get home, I have to pee too!"

"I can't walk anymore!" Then I heard some rustling; like the girl had put her bag down and walked off the path, then she was quiet. Just a second later, I heard a sound that I quickly realized was the girl letting her pee run over the leaves that had fallen from the trees.

My heart jumped then raced. I ever so silently moved over on my bed to look through the blinds to see this girl leaning up against the house 10 feet from my window, squatting and peeing in the dark walkway. From what I could see, she was tall and slender, wearing black leggings and a black jacket.

Just a second later, her friend turned around and ran back to her.

In more of a whisper, she goes "What the hell are you doing?!". By now, I had a good view through the blinds of everything. Was I seeing a little bit of an uneasy pee dance from this second girl too?

"I had to stop, I had to pee too bad!". The pee-er thought it was hilarious, quietly laughing the whole time as she was relieving herself. But her friend was not so thrilled. The friend walked away, looking concerned, moving at a quicker pace than she had been walking before.

In a few steps, she stops dead in her tracks, and her knees buckle. "Ahhahhhaahhhhhhh....oh shit" in a whisper again. I didn't see anything, but she quickly dropped to her knees and put her hands up her small black dress and pulled down her panties. Once they were down, she plopped down on her butt and looked around frantically before changing posture, obviously peeing in the grass next to her friend, in much more plain sight than the one who planned to sneak into the shadows.

After both were done they got out of there as quickly as possible. Every time I've heard a pack of people walk by, I would listen. I can't believe this actually happened right in front of me.

