My Sadistic Side

Author: Suki

*000*2013-05-15 21:14

One of my friends has a slight masochistic side, so it worked well with what I did to her half a year ago.

I was sitting on a chair, relaxing, but then I heard a couple knocks on the door. I got up and opened it, to see one of my friends on the other side, smiling happily. "Hello!" She said, wrapping her arms around me. I noticed what she was wearing, A knee-length skirt, and a tight-fitting t-shirt. I slowly reached down and slid my fingers in her panties, which she then jumped and made a small aroused shriek.

I kissed her neck softly, "Would you like to come in?" I said sweetly. She nodded, blushing slightly. As we sat down, she seemed to calm down.

"So...why did you do that?" She asked, her voice was sweet, much like honey.

"Oh, you just seem so cute!" I said, smiling.

"Please..." She hesitated, as if she was thinking. "Don't do that again..." She made a small, subtle expression that showed that she wished she didn't say that.

I leaned forward and put my hand on her head, rubbing slowly. "Don't worry at all!" I walked away and got some water. While she wasn't looking, I put two different pills in the water and waited until it dissolved. I thrust the cup towards her, and she gratefully drank it.

"Why thank you." She said. We talked for quite some time, until she started to get tired from a sleeping pill I put in the water. "Oh, may I use your bed?" I nodded, and helped her on the bed, where she fell asleep.

She was adorable, her silky, long black hair spread across the bead, her beautiful lips were as soft as ever, and her perfect breasts were right in front of me. I chuckled quietly. "Now...I can get to business." I walked into the other room and pulled out a pair of handcuffs. I slowly clicked them around her wrists around the bedpost so that she wouldn't be able to escape. I also had a small vibrator gingerly put under her panties into her...well...you know. I slightly shook her to wake her up. "Wake up, sweetie."

She had heterochromia, so she has one green eye, one blue. Her sparkling eyes fluttered open slowly. She smiled at me, which was quickly wiped away from her need to cross her legs. "May I use your restroom?" She asked.

I shook my head. "Sorry." The diuretic successfully took effect. "You're going to have to hold it for a little longer." I slowly drifted my hands down her body, caressing her breasts, then I put some pressure on her bladder, making her legs shake a little, and a moan to be made.

She was looking at me with desperate, yet aroused eyes. "Please...let me use your-" She was cut off by me putting a little more pressure on her bladder.

I tilted my head, I was starting to get aroused as well. "What, I couldn't hear you." I pressed again, making her moan loudly. A little drool went down from the corner of her mouth, and she was writhing. "What did you say?"

She tried talking. "P-please let me use your restroom!" She cried, it was obvious that she needed a little 'lesson'. I waved up a small remove with only a number indicator and up-and-down buttons. "N-no, please, no!"

I pressed the up button once, and the vibrator started up. She immediately jolted upwards. "Oh, sorry...my thumb slipped." I slowly lifted her shirt until her stomach was exposed. "Looks like someone is filled up!" I said playfully. She kept moaning and drooling, begging me to turn it off. I shook my head and pressed the button again, upping the speed. A slight press to the stomach made a scream arise from her.

"I-i can't stand it a-anymore!" She screamed. I waved my finger from side to side. An idea flashed in my mind, and I quickly put my finger at her side, and stroked it upwards swiftly. She jolted to the other side.

"Well, looks like someone is ticklish!" I taunted. Her head was frantically moving side to side. "Keep struggling, and this thing will..." I stopped mid-sentence to give her a general idea. Her legs were grinding on each other fiercely, trying to get the vibrator out and hold her pee in at the same time. I felt a familiar dampness in my panties, but I knew I didn't wet myself. I leaned up to her face, and kissed her on the mouth. I embraced her, she gave back the same affection. I pulled back and looked at her legs. "Aw, is someone going to wet themselves like a little girl?" I asked sadistically.

She shook her head. I wanted to prove her wrong, so I trailed my fingers up and down her sides, causing laughs as well as moans. I stopped and put both my hands on each other, then gently set them on her bladder. "We'll see about that." I put a a lot of pressure on her bladder, she screamed and moaned as loud as she could. Her legs tried tightening together, but it was useless. Urine was spraying all over the sheets...and her panties and skirt. As it died down, she was even more aroused than before. I wasn't mean enough to not let her have an orgasm.

I slowly got on top of the bed and lie on top of her. I put my left hand on her cheek as our lips connected. We both moaned and writhed; my right hand started hitting the up button as much as possible until I could feel the vibrator myself. Her eyes immediately shot open as her back arched and screamed. She was cumming everywhere. I kissed her again, sensing another orgasm. I quickly shut off the vibrator, and a desperate feeling came off of her, but from wanting to orgasm again so bad.

I got up and removed the vibrator, cleaning it and storing it in my secret compartment where I hold all my 'tools'. I used a key to undo the handcuffs, and she sat up. "T-thank you..." I could barely make out what she was saying because it was all slurred. Before I said anything, I swallowed a little of her saliva, enjoying it.

"It was amazing!" I said, gasping between words. We ended up getting changed and saw each other off for the day.

I had to say, this wouldn't have happened for something she pulled on me. (I will make that in a later topic.)

*004*2013-05-16 20:32

Oh...she actually didn't mind too much. She honestly laughed about it.

*006*2013-05-18 06:34

{{ 

We should always be careful with issues of consent. What kind of relationship do you guys have?

}}

We have an agreement about the issues. Our relationship? It is hard to explain, we are close friends, but also partake in what I originally posted.

