My First Wetting

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-07-18 01:58

Well I hadn't planned this at all, but I had my first actual wetting today, even though it was on purpose. Before I had only, at worst, peed in the shower, always without clothing, but not today!

So I made dinner an hour or two ago and felt a slight twinge in my bladder, but I always like to hold at least a bit just for the nice relief it is when I finally find my way to the bathroom, so I sat through dinner with my mom and brother (my dad wasn't home yet). After clearing the table I went to my room, where I sit writing now, and I was looking at my new account here, and I felt my bladder twinge again. Not nearly ready to go yet, I put my hand over my area and bore down so I could surf some more. That's when I decided I would wet, on purpose. I weighed my time options, wishing I had more time to hold, but thinking my dad would be demanding the shower when he got home, which could be any time. I decided I had to do it before I chickened out, and before my dad got home, which meant right then, it was six-ish pm pacific time.

I saved my documents and closed my computer, moving quickly so I could not talk myself out of it. I have thought about wetting many times in the past, even planning an accident, but I always chickened out in the past, but not this time! I went into the hall bathroom, yelling to my family that I was showering so they wouldn't freeze me alive. I took off my shirt and bra so I would have a place to put my wet khaki shorts and pink panties once they were wet. I prepared my things for the shower before getting in the tub with my pants still on and standing there like an idiot for a minute. 

I relaxed my mind and just let go, but nothing came at first. I think I was nervous because I thought it may make a spattering noise or something, revealing my situation to my family. Anyway, I soon felt a warm spurt of pee in my panties, then the rest rushed out. It went very fast, maybe only 30 seconds of my actually peeing, but I stood there for a minute feeling the warm pee trickle down my legs (no sound really at all). I put my hands between my legs after I was done to feel the warm pee on my pants. I loved the way the wet stain looked on my khaki shorts.

After I was done basking in my wetness, I removed my shorts and panties, putting them on my shirt, and started the shower... Let's just say, luckily for me, I have a movable shower head.

The only thing I regret (which I thought I would feel guilty about the whole thing, but I don't), is that I didn't wait a little longer, or have more to drink with dinner.

*005*2013-07-18 16:25

Thank you everyone for the comments :) It's only like my third day here and already so many people have read my writings. That makes me happy!

