A Decade of Omorashi

Author: Caneh

*000*2014-04-18 18:22

Women are open to exploring your omorashi fantasy. This is what I learned in my 20's. Broach the topic delicately and not only will the object of your affection be willing to indulge, she may even enjoy it!

My first girlfriend, Cheryl, was reluctant. After pushing and pushing and several attempts at provoking her shy bladder, she managed to let a little loose in her grey track pants. I still get a twinge in my pants when I think of the look on her 19 year old face as I heard the rap-tap-tap of her urine hitting the bathroom floor in my parents house. I didn't get any more from her, because I was too pushy.

Elyse was willing as well, but her shy bladder also got in the way. I had hinted that I had a fetish, and just a few weeks into our dating, she managed to pry it out of me.

“I'm not going to piss myself for you!” she proclaimed before I even finished awkwardly telling her. “Actually, it's not the first time I've heard this,” she reassured.

So I let it go. I didn't bring it up again. Days later, when we were at her apartment, she went into the bathroom, but didn't close the door behind her. I thought this odd.

“How come I can't pee!?” she yelled to me across her one bedroom apartment. “Oh, I know. It's because I didn't take my underwear off!” Giving in, she ended up closing the door and performing this bodily function the normal way. But she tried to surprise me. I was adequately turned on and we had some good sex.

Donna must have found out by looking at my internet history. I'm not sure how, but she knew. And once she discovered it, she had fun with it. I didn't want to sleep with her because I thought she was a little too slutty. But she sure did try to get in my pants! I never hooked up with her because I had heard through the rumour mill that she had an infection.

“I have to pee soo bad!” she would tell me, doubled over, holding her crotch. “Oh my god, I'm gonna pee my pants!” Every time we hung out, she would tease me with it.

“Just go, man!” I joked, quoting a movie we had recently watched together (Dumb and Dumber).

“Why, would that turn you on?” She coyly replied.

“Well... let's find out...” I attempted to provoke. It didn't work this time.

The last time she and I hung out, we had gone for a drink and I was walking her home. The was very uncomfortably desperate, and she was very open about it. I knew that this was the night she was going to tempt fate. She assured me that she wasn't going to make it home. She would then find ways to “accidentally” graze my crotch, fully aware of my erection. With her legs crossed, bouncing up and down at the end of her driveway, she literally begged me to come inside with her. After all, her housemate was away! I knew what her intention was, and I knew if she did it, we would end up having sex. I didn't want to do that. This was the last time we talked.

I told Danielle, and she associated it with pedophilia. “I can't do this for you” she said. So of course, I let it go. But months later, after a few drinks, and with a full bladder she announced “I like your fantasy.” So we rushed home by taxi, made out all the way to the bathroom, she stood in the bathtub and let loose. This happened several times during our relationship. There was always alcohol involved. And it always led to the best sex we ever had.

Stacey was a wild one. She had a kink of her own – she wanted me to drink her breast milk (which she wasn't able to produce because she wasn't pregnant.” But pretending did a lot for her. She told me things that drove me wild. For instance, she was a bed wetter until she was 12. Her younger brother used to wet the bed, and it would go to the front, and wet the blankets in front of him. She would try to emulate this, but it always went to the back. She tried to hard to get the blankets on top of her wet, but gravity would always work against her.

She also tried, when she was a child, to stand peeing by using a toilet paper roll. This failed and made a mess. But I could tell, like myself, that the omorashi seed was planted in her. When we were hanging out at my place, she would immediately change into a long t-shirt and underwear. And many times she would discreetly wet her underwear. Sometimes in the kitchen, sometimes in the bathroom. Sometimes in bed. But I would never see it coming, and she would never tell me she had done it. I would have to find out on my own.

I will recount all of these experiences in detail later. But the lesson I've learned here: as women age, they become more open to exploring your sexual fantasies – and maybe even enjoy them. For those struggling to tell their SO's..my advice: just mention it once and let it go. Magic will happen.

*003*2014-04-19 11:51

{{: 

I would've totally had sex with Donna.

}}

Sometimes I wish I had. She was pulling all the stops! Not use to guys rejecting her, I guess...

