Upside down wetting fail

Author: Guest thechickeniscold

*000*2012-07-06 07:03

Hey all,

So I was bored the other day and feeling a little devilish so I decided to try something new. Inspired by Sandra's and other's upside down wetting vids, I decided it looked fun and wanted to try it out for myself so I downed a bunch of water, grabbed some water bottles and walked over to the park by my house.

I spent about an hour or so walking around, sipping my water and enjoying the weather, waiting for desperation to set in. After about an hour and a halfish, I was getting kind of annoyed that I didnt have to pee yet. Usually when I drink this much water, I end up having to go pretty quick. I downed the rest of my water and went to go sit in the shade and people watch for a while to pass the time. It was getting late and I really wanted to do this before it started getting dark.

After what seemed like forever, I finally had to go. Not nearly as bad as I had wanted, but it was getting dark and I was determined I was going to make this happen. I made my way over to where the path starts to go uphill near the canal. Theres a railing there that I thought would be perfect to hang from to do this.

I climbed up and sat on the railing, then slowly lowered myself down so I was hanging from the back of my knees. The railing was too short though, so I kind of had to do a half crunch so my shoulders werent sitting on the ground. I had to pee, but I wasnt desperate, so I had to kinda force it a little but once I was going I pissed a nice long stream. I immediately felt the familiar warm sensation in my pants and then the whole new feeling of it starting to run down my shirt which was awesome, but because I was crunched forward, most of it just went down the my back. Once my shirt started getting soaked, it peeled away from my back and I couldnt feel it running anymore. I had wanted it to run down the front like i'd seen in the vids, lol. >:(

Anyway, being slightly frustrated at this point (but still having fun !

I climbed down from the railing, pissed a little more into my pants and then jumped in the canal for a bit before finally walking home.

I guess it wasn't a total fail, it just didint go how I had planned.

Oh well, there's always next time :)

