Bursting to go....and wetting my pyjamas again.... (Video)

Author: Waittowee

*000*2012-09-14 12:41

So I woke up this morning needing a wee. Already pretty desperate I reached over, silenced the alarm, and picked up and woke up my laptop. I could feel my bladder, full, tense, bloated within me. A strong urge in the tip of my penis, and a tightness in my crotch where I was firmly clenching my muscles to hold back the pee. Logging into this site, I chatted with someone for a good hour or two, my desperation growing and growing, me wriggling in bed, squirming in bed, crossing my legs as I typed. More and more often I had to stop typing to hold myself for a moment, squeeze the end of my penis to numb the now almost undeniable urge to pee.

Then it happened. As I typed a message, I wriggled, clenched, wriggled, squirmed, desperately trying to finish typing the message I was writing before I reached away from the keyboard to hold myself again. Suddenly a spurt came out, shooting through me and out into my pyjamas. Instantly I grabbed myself and squeezed, clenching hard for all I was worth. i stopped the leak, but I knew I couldn't hold much longer. By now I could feel the telltale sensation of the muscles in my crotch fluttering, spasming with the effort I was asking them to make. I asked the person I was chatting with if I should wet, or just go and pee 'normally.' Squirming, squirming, clenching and squirming to hold on, I waited for the reply. My bladder was heavy inside me, a slight bulge in my lower tummy the outward sign of inward turmoil.

'Wet' came the reply. Far more eloquently put, but the one word I saw was the one that mattered at that moment. Flutter. Flutter.....clench ,hold.....I knew I was in the last few seconds of being able to hold it in. I grabbed my phone, and, one hand squeezing myself and one hand stabbing at the phone to get it into video mode I dashed for the fire exit door.

Outside the chill morning air hit me and I started to leak. Holding it back as best I could, feeling pee leaking past my muscles and flowing out of me in dribbles and spurts I hit record, and sat down.......

___

The video is here.....it's a bit different to usual in that there's no real desperation in it, which is why I've described that above - I was already leaking by the time I hit record - and it's hand held, as I simply didn't have time to set it up not hand held! Bear in mind though, that I'm peeing from just before it starts, until a couple of moments before it ends..... ;) I was very very full!

%pjsitdesp.mov

