My First Share

Author: Aayachan

*000*2014-04-18 06:25

I've been lurking this site for nearly a year now. I figure I ought to contribute something at this point, so this literally JUST happened and I thought I'd share.

Earlier this evening, I was reading some incredibly hot experiences from other users, when I decided I would wet myself tonight. I don't wet myself very often for many reasons: I have a toddler (which makes anything beyond reading about others' experiences extremely difficult), and I hate cleaning up the mess afterwards! I decided I'd drink a bunch of liquids, wait til I was desperate enough to spurt a little into my yoga pants, and then pull them down and pee on my back balcony. I live in a townhouse, so my balcony is on the ground floor, and there's a storage room to the side where the door opens outward. If I hide behind the door, I have nearly 100% privacy. ...Nearly being the most important word tonight. My back yard is enclosed by a chain link fence, and backs onto a Native reserve. A few times a night, security drives around the parking lot, just to make sure there's no sketchy activity happening. I also totally forgot to take this into account.

I tend to pride myself on my strong bladder, so it took hours before it was full enough for me to feel the beginnings of any desperation. My body is also kind of weird in that, I don't feel any hint of desperation until it's about a 7. Then it hits me all at once. While I was waiting for my bladder to fill, I drank an Iced Capp from Tim Hortons, a couple bottles of water, and a large glass of apple juice. I took my time drinking them throughout the evening, because I knew I'd have to hold out until my daughter was asleep.

When it was time to put her down for the night, I felt the urge to pee, but knew I had plenty of time before things started getting good. Once she was asleep, I was starting to feel a little desperate, but I knew I still had time so to hurry things along, I went to the bathroom with my vibrator. The moment I get turned on I feel the urge to pee (I've been like that all my life), and if I have to pee before getting turned on the level of desperation instantly shoots up. I put down a towel just in case, and masturbated to orgasm...twice. I was about an 8 now, and I'd never pushed myself beyond that before, so I didn't know what to expect. I decided it would be safest to head outside for the rest of the struggle.

I'm a smoker, so I decided to kill time by having a cigarette. I was bouncing up and down in my chair, crossing and uncrossing my legs, and wriggling around in my seat. Before I had finished my smoke, I was at a 9 and was getting rather uncomfortable. I stood up to change positions, and although gravity hightened my urgency to pee, I had an easier time holding it back by stepping from foot to foot, stopping every couple minutes to cross my legs tightly.

After a few more minutes I was starting to softly moan a bit with effort. I felt a strong twinge in my bladder, and although nothing came out, I gasped and grabbed my crotch tightly with my free hand. I bent over double and wiggled my hips until I got better control of myself. Then, before I knew it, another twinge caught me off guard. A tiny little trickle found its way out, but only enough to make a little spot right on the crotch of my pants (I should probably mention that I wasn't wearing panties, so any wetness would be visible on my pants right away). It was only a little struggle to gain control again, and I decided a tiny little trickle wouldn't do. I wanted a good gush, before I dropped my pants and peed on the ground. Also, I wanted to hold on as long as I could. The desperation building in me was turning me on so bad.

I had finished my smoke, so I started playing with my clit a little, while lifting one leg and squeezing my thighs as tightly as I could while pleasuring myself. After another five minutes, I knew I was going to lose it soon, and tried my best to hold back as long as I could. Finally a spasm sent a good squirt into my pants. Before I could gain control again and pull my pants down, another gush (a little longer and a little more forceful) came out. It soaked through my pants and I moaned and grabbed my crotch in an effort to regain control. Another spurt soaked right though my pants and into my hand. At this point though, enough pressure had been relieved that I was just barely able to hold back long enough to pull my pants down and squat down to avoid wetting myself anymore.

The release was amazing, and I was nearly about to orgasm from it, when the security for the reserve behind my yard pulled in. When I first saw the headlights, I froze for a moment. I knew I wouldn't be able to stop peeing now that I had started. The stream was so forceful I could hear it hissing out from me. As the headlights approached to the point where I knew the driver would be able to see me soon, I realized there was only two options. Continue wetting as I was and let the driver get a full view, or try my hardest to stop the flow while pulling my pants back up.

I whipped my pants back on and stood up just before the truck rounded the corner that would put me in plain view. But...I couldn't stop peeing! I shuffled to the side to hide the rapidly spreading wetness as best I could. The naughtiness, the feeling of relief after struggling to hold back and the surprise of nearly being caught was too much, and I orgasmed hard while still wetting myself. I couldn't help but cup myself as wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. I know the security driver must have seen that much, but since my pants are black, I don't know that he saw any evidence of my accident. Once the truck had passed, I pulled my pants back down and finished peeing. Then I quickly went inside before the driver came back around. I'm still wearing my wet pants as I type this.

Hope you all enjoy! This is my first time sharing an experience (as I mentioned before), so any *constructive* criticism would be appreciated! If this post is well recieved, I'll be sure to post more experiences another time!

*004*2014-04-19 02:01

Oh! I'm flattered (and rather surprised) by the kind responses! I'll definitely share more within the next day or two.

Newbie Question: Do I make a new thread for each story? Or do I just add on to this one? My guess is a new thread for a new story, but I just want to double check. ;)

*008*2014-04-19 21:13

Medalpoker - I thought I was about to be caught too!!!

Ola93 - Thank you for the clarification. I'll be posting another experience later tonight, so I'll be sure to start a new thread for that one. :)

*010*2014-04-21 16:18

{{: 

Welcome!

I personally would like to know of any experiences that might of led you into your omorashi side! any accidental wettings or friends wetting would be highly appreciated! the forums been a bit dry of those lately :)

}}

TBH, I've always been aware of an attraction to omorashi and wettings. It started as a child, even though I didn't equate anything to the attraction sexually, as I didn't discover sexuality under I was in my mid teens (I guess I'm a late bloomer!).

However, I will work on a post about the beginnings of my attraction to omorashi; including my first wetting (it happened as a child and it was on purpose). I'll reply in this thread with the link to my "origins" thread when i post it.

