Did a little shopping

Author: hp2001123

*000*2012-09-27 00:47

And I really really had to go. Of course it wasn't a coincidence - all of the talk about public wettings made me realize I hadn't tried it in a long time and got me in the mood.

I knew I had a few stores on the list so I primed up before heading out and made sure to pick a pair of briefs since they are the most fun. By the time I made it to the first store I had to go - not desperate but definitely had to go. It didn't help that I wanted a new plastic sheet for the bed so shopping for one while desperate made it a little worse. I held it for that store and several others just so I would really have to go. As each store passed I got a little more desperate.

Finally I made it to the last store on my list. Knowing its lay out, it was well suited for some desperation fun. I walked around and started by spurting for a few seconds at a time until my crotch was wet. I knew that the jeans I choose semi-hid the wetness but it would still a little visible (the camera actually makes it look much worse than it really is but still it isn't a pair of black pants.) The pull-over covered this and let me enjoy the feeling while walking around and continuing to leak little by little until it was about half way to my knee.

I finished my shopping and headed to the car. As I approached I made a quick glance around to make sure no one was right next to me, relaxed, and let go. The relief felt absolutely amazing. My legs were warm and soaked and it left a nice sized puddle on the ground. I was caught up in the moment and didn't notice someone pulling into a spot across the aisle from me - as their car door opened I turned sideways and tried to not look suspicious getting into my car.

By the time I got home I had to go again. I didn't bother with a camera for the first one since it was during the day but I tried to film the second. Unfortunately it got corrupted when I tried to transfer it. :( Fortunately the pictures of the aftermath survived.

