Desperate in the Bath

Author: Inactive

*000*2015-01-19 19:08

I wasn't online this weekend because I was spending the weekend at my sister's house, and her Internet was out.

During Saturday afternoon, we went to the movie theater to see the new movie Paddington, and I drank a large Icee during the movie. I was about a 5/10 when the movie ended, and a 5.5/10 when we arrived home.

On a weekend, one of the most relaxing things to do is take a warm bath. After getting a towel and a change of clothes ready, I drank a 16 ounce bottle of water, and then I sat down in the water and relaxed.

Laying down often increases my desperation, and I quickly rose to a 6.5/10, and then to a 7/10 a few minutes later. I could barely sit completely still. I was constantly having to hold my hand on my crotch to keep from peeing. This made me horny, of course, so I started rubbing. I had to keep quiet, and avoid moaning too much, because I didn't want my sister to hear.

The need to pee came back to me, and I stopped rubbing and crossed my legs. I was now at an 8/10, and I couldn't sit still. I was almost squirming, and I started to moan a little more. I looked down, and I had a growing bladder bulge, possibly the biggest bladder bulge I've had in a long time. The bottle of water then hit me and I rose to an 8.5.

I decided to have some fun, so I drained the water, wrapped the towel around me, and sat in the empty tub. I held for fifteen minutes longer and finally I was very close to a 10. I crossed my legs one more time before opening them again. I spurted a little, and I put my hand on my pussy again and started to rub. I spurted a few more times and kept rubbing. The desperation, the spurting, and the rubbing combined together was bringing me close to orgasm. I was starting to moan a lot more so I put the towel over my mouth to muffle the sound.

I rubbed harder, and finally felt the sensation of climax. I was moaning from pleasure, thankfully with the towel muffling the sound of my moaning. When the rush of orgasm came over me it was too much for my bladder, so the pee came gushing out. After my orgasm died down, I still had some pee left, so I just let it out.

I was still horny afterwards, so I played with myself for half an hour. I had another orgasm, and after the feeling subsided I dried off completely before getting dressed.

*004*2015-01-24 02:44

Glad you enjoyed it :)

And I think guys can have peegasms sometimes, I've seen a few of them on xTube.

