Embarrassing public panty wetting from my diary

Author: vikka

*000*2013-04-17 01:09

I've kept a diary ever since I'd learnt to write. Not on an every day basis, far from it, but now and then when I've felt I had something worth to write about. Earlier today I was browsing a diary from when I was 11. I found this passage, which I think is kind of cute. So why not share it with you! At that time French was my language so I've translated it into English. But I've kept some French expressions, because they are kind of cute! But you'll understand.

******

Ma chère soeur Aurore! (That's what I call my diary.)

Today something awful happened when I was walking home from school! I hadn't made a weewee (pipi) on the whole day and when I'd still had 15 minutes to walk to get to home I felt that I had to weewee so very much! I didn't think I should be able to hold myself all of the rest of my way home. Oh, Ma Mère! Where could I find a place to pipi? The street was full of people. Merde, merde, merde, I got a little wet in ma culotte (panties). But I stopped the pipi. I came to a little park and ran in behind some bushes there. I was so embarrassed because when I ran I had to press one hand against my chatte (pussy). Or else I would pipi at once.

When I reached behind a bush I couldn't hold it anymore. I stood up and held my skirt away so it wouldn't become wet. Then I wetted myself like a little baby. I thought it felt nice. Warm and wet. I felt relieved that I'd reached the bushes in time and hadn't wetted myself on the trottoir where lots of people could see me.

But then I heard a laughter, no, two laughters. I turned my head in the direction of the laughters. Merde, merde, merde! Two girls, a bit older than I, were standing there, almost choking with laughter. I shouted to them to shut up! Then I turned around and ran away from them.

When I started to run I was still peeing. I was so embarrassed, so terribly embarrassed! I hope they didn't recognized me. If they did, I think I'll commit suicide! Yes, I will!!!!!

Although, when I'm writing this and look back, it was kind of fun! Aurore, ma soeur, you know I like to pipi ma culotte! But don't tell anyone!

********

Obviously they didn't recognize me as I'm still alive! Maybe I'll give more examples from my diaries in the future.

