A little history and the first girl i talked into it

Author: LupusCanis88

*000*2013-05-22 19:32

This first part is mainly history and very little soaked panties, but i think it's important to get the importance of the story at the end :-)

I never thought about it that way back then, but in retrospect, I've been into wetting myself and watching other people doing it since i can remember. It didn't have any sexual connotation for me back then, but I always found it exciting.

Until this day I can't forget the image of a girl from kindergarten who came inside and had to be changed because she peed her pants in the sandbox. Sadly, that was the last wetting i was supposed to see for a long time, and i almost forgot about my fetish until i discovered the internet and stumbled upon a photo set of a woman clearly peeing her lace panties on purpose...

From that day on, I was back in the game. Of course, back then footage on the internet was hard to come by (that was eleven years ago). And i couldn't speak about my fetish to anybody for fear of being ridiculed, or so i thought.

I even had a girlfriend when i was fifteen and we stayed together for a long time, but i never revealed myself to her. Not even when she told me how she had wet her pants in front of her class and lied her way out of it...'til this day, she has no idea what that story did to my poor head :-).

Later, when i was twenty, i had a brief but intense relationship with a girl who was into s/m...not the severely kinky stuff with lather an whips, but more of a devout bondage and mind game fan....and she told me that she had been into that since she could remember. i guess that was the first time in my life that i could really relate to somebody i knew, so i told her about it.

She tried to pee her panties for me on several occasions, but sadly for me she was never able to pull it off...she still has kind of a negative relationship with wetting her pants, since she had some very embarrassing accidents in her youth....early youth, so i'm not going to go into that.

But the time with her and my following girlfriend got me going in the s/m direction, especially the mindgame part, which all comes together in the following story.

It must have happened about a year ago, let it be 15 months. I was single and not looking for anything serious, staying in my tomcat mode. And there was this girl from my university who had told me before that she would really like to do me...if she didn't have a boyfriend -.- Who wouldn't like to hear that...

At some point though, there was sort of a rift in her sex life. Since her boyfriend was not able to perform for medical reasons, she was looking for other outlets, though not in a physical way.

We developed a habit of chatting over the internet and me telling her stuff i would do to her...ranging from simple tales of dirty sex to elaborate s/m scenarios i would make up. Since i had gotten more open about my fetish, i had told her and so she was well aware of what i liked.

So this went on for a while, me telling her stories and her, sitting at her desk at home and masturbating furiously...

Until one night, she wanted to excuse herself and go to the toilet. I was already pretty horny so i just wrote ,

"no, you're not..."

"what do you mean, no i'm not?" she wrote back.

"well, i want to see how long you can hold it.." i answered.

She wasn't really sure about the whole thing, but didn't want to dismiss anything without trying it at least once, she she got up and made some tea...

To pass the time, we played our game of telling each other dirty stuff while she was filling up her bladder.

In between, we made plans for later.

"so how is this supposed to go?" she asked. "i don't know if i can just pee myself..."

"well, you won't know until you try" i said..."or you can just wait until it's too late..."

By then she was getting quite desperate, but could still hold it for a while.

I made sure that she informed me an a regular basis...

"I don't know if i can do it...i think i'd rather wait..." she said at some point.

"but i don't know how long that is going to be.."

I didn't want to sit infront of my computer all night, so i made a suggestion.

"what happens when you come and you still have to pee?" i asked

"well, i guess i'll lose control...and pee" she said.

So that was settled. she had grown pretty desperate in the meantime and informed me that she was already fidgeting around on her chair.

" i really gotta go now" she said "can i go please?"

"are your panties very wet?" i asked.

I knew she had been masturbation for quite a while now...

"well, yeah, they're pretty soaked..." she answered.

"So but on some new ones, the biggest you have. If you're going to wet yourself, it should better be worth it and dry form the beginning".

Devout as she was, she followed my orders.

"okay, now go into the bathroom, and take the laptop with you" i wrote.

" can i finally come now? i'm already dancing around, i know that i'm going to pee when i come" she asked me.

Not only was she very desperate to pee, she was also holding back a massive orgasm for quite a while.

"no, your not" i said " you're going to stay on the brink of climaxing, but you're not going to come unless i say so..."

"but how am i supposed to know when i am aloud to come?" she asked.

Understandably, it seemed impossible to her to concentrate on reading and writing while performing such an act of a mental tightrope.

So i said " you are going to to sit back, close your eyes, and concentrate on yourself. when you hear the next message arriving, you're aloud to have your orgasm..."

"ok" was all she wrote.

So i said there, waiting for a few heartbeats. pretty fast heartbeats they were. I still hadn't quite grasped what was happening. Was she really going to pee herself? I had pretty much been overexcited for the past three hours, not ready to believe this was going to happen. I would not be able to see it, but still, a woman peeing her panties for me was a milestone...

"come for me" i wrote, and pressed enter..

For a while, nothing happened. I could hear my own heart beating. I don't think there is any fitting metaphor for how hard i was in that moment.

And then, she wrote back

"I guess i'll have to clean up.." she answered

"what happened?" asked, while a voice in my head screamed "DETAILS, WOMAN, DETAILS!"

"well, i was already on the brink, and then i heard your message arriving...so i came...and when

I climaxed, i couldn't control myself anymore, i started peeing.... I soaked my panties, my legs are wet and i hit the floor, too..."

In that moment, i could have sworn I had never come so hard in my life...

