Zoinks! Just had an accident!

Author: Kittykatpeeing

*000*2014-02-20 15:56

Okay so today I woke up and found out I got to stay home from school not only that my mother left to go job huntting all day. So lucky for me I got to have a wonderful weetting experiance, as some know from my last post I have a weak bladder since I was younge. Toda last beforey I just wanted to see how long I could last before needing to use the restroom. Or well wet myself. Okay so Scooby Doo was playing and I thought that would be a great way to keep track of time, so there I was on ny couch drinking up a 1.4 QT of water. It didn't take long for me to feel a small pressure in my bladder, and to fell my legs asking me to get up and go. I ignored it and watched how The gang had to solve mysteries. It wasn't till..about maybe 30 minutes later did I really start to feel a realy bad pressure.

I just couldn't help but rub myself threw my blue boy shorts. That's when I felt a drop. I had to cross my legs and ignore it, but maybe another 30 minutes I felt another drop, my panties were getting soaked. I desiced ot was best for me to go and stand in the shower, I brought my water with my though and started fulping like crazy. I wanted to feel the sunsation of my bladder taling controll. Okay so 20 minutes later I felt a leak, not a big one. It took me three seconds to stop, but I fidn't notice how another leak started and I could't stop it. It moved sowthwards and started to form a puddle. And I was so happy, I moaned out loud and just tryed to hold back. I couldn't! Gosh it felt so great to just sit in it and masturbate afterwords! So that was my experia.xe for the day.

P.S:So if things are spelled wrong, I'm useing a phone keyboard to type and it's hard.

