I'm a bedwetter

Author: Thisisaname

*000*2015-07-19 14:37

So all my life I've struggled with incontinence. Both day and night wettings are not out of the ordinary, but lately, I've had a night-time accident on average once or twice a week.

Tonight is the first night I'll be sleeping with my new girlfriend, in my bed. I'm honestly terrified that I'll have an accident in bed with her, or worse... On her. However, I told her today of my problem, and she seems to have taken it on board really well, and has offered to buy me adult diapers if I need them. I won't lie, I nearly cried with relief.

So, given she's so accepting of this issue, I feel a little more at ease with the prospects of going in bed without waking up, which, let's face it, my housemate gave me a sedative to help me sleep through the pain in my abdomen (I've been to the ER tonight, they said just hold on and see if anything changes. I could just be hugely constipated, given I've tried to go a few times and nothing's happened) and so I won't wake up if I should happen to have one of those special, irritating dreams.

I'm not into bedwetting, it just happens to me. The rest of my bladder troubles I don't mind, and some I even get off on, but this one is too much of a pain in the backside to be enjoyable.

So, if I pee the bed, she's gonna notice, and even though she says it's okay, and she understands, how could someone love a 22 year old woman who wets the bed on a regular basis?

I'm not sure what this post is supposed to achieve, I'm sedated and rambling. I want to drink something because I'm sooooo thirsty but I don't wanna wet with her in bed.

Should I take her up on the adult diapers? Should I let her make that decision? Should I keep sleeping without protection until she makes me wear them? I dunno, that last one sounds kinda hot. Maybe I could pretend I have no idea how to put them on and get her to help me? Maybe she's also into it? Wishful thinking.

Anyway. Give me your thoughts, on anything I've covered here. I wanna hear it all.

*007*2015-07-20 10:41

Okay so I bought some diapers online, and today, after waking up wet next to this beautiful young woman who accepts me as I am, I also bought some of those puppy training mats to lay under my sheets until they arrive. Here's hoping I can at least minimise the damage.

So, the story of how I woke up wet, for those who want to hear it, goes like this.

I remember dreaming about being left in a dark alleyway in an unfamiliar city, by friends after a night out. I can't remember how it came to be that I was left behind, but I do remember suddenly feeling like I had to run for my life. This alley turned into a pitch black abyss full of all my deepest fears - snakes, spiders, I was running on a tightrope, demons, spirits, you name it - and everywhere I looked, there was something trying to grab me. I woke up, screaming and sweating, to my girlfriend, who was trying to wake me this whole time, as apparently I'd been tossing and turning for a while.

At first, I thought I was just sweating a lot, but it gradually dawned on me that I was drenched in urine from halfway up my body to my knees. Somehow, she hadn't noticed. The sheets, mattress and blankets were all soaking in it. It must've happened pretty early on in my nightmare because it was quite cold in some places. My girlfriend had somehow gone to sleep again by the time I worked this out, so I laid down a towel, pressed my side of the blanket into it, and showered, before coming back to sleep on top of the bed, with my spare blanket covering me.

Girlfriend got up and left early, to see her sister, and hadn't mentioned it, although she must have noticed it was weird for me to be on top of the covers. I messaged her when I woke up to apologise, and she said she wouldn't have said anything even if she did notice, because she respects me.

I suspect I may wet again tonight and the next(These things for me tend to come in threes), so when I return home from work, I'll be remaking my bed, with clean sheets and some pee pads underneath. Not ideal, and I will be creating a lot of washing for myself, but it's all I can do until my supplies arrive.

I hope they come soon.

*010*2015-07-20 18:33

This is true aha. Still i can't understand how someone outside of the fetish can look past it. Like its taboo for a reason right?

I guess you're right though. It seems she really does love me.

*011*2015-07-20 22:22

I'm off to my freshly made (for now) bed, will update tomorrow on whether I wet or not. I expect I will, so my nice clean sheets aren't gonna last long... Ah well, that's what washing machines are for.

Goodnight, all!



*012*2015-07-21 10:21

I was right. My friend came into my room (he has a key to my house because i trust him dearly) and discovered me fast asleep in a soaked bed. He helped me put my bedding in the wash and helped re-make my bed with fresh sheets and padding, while I showered and dressed.

I think this time it comes down to knowing I was protected and so I didnt wake up to pee at all. No wee got on the mattress so Im quite impressed with what a few cheap puppy training pads can do.

I will admit, waking up and having someone else discover my accident was a huge turn on and as soon as he left, i had to "fix myself up".

I'm not looking forward to my housemate figuring it out though, and every day with sheets in the wash is another day she gets closer to working it out.

I will continue to update as things progress.

