Desperate Cashier 3

Author: Despguy123

*000*2015-04-03 18:49

A true experience I posted years ago on experience project, enjoy!:

It is 5.40pm on a boiling hot Saturday afternoon, and I’m stuck sitting on a till at the garden centre where I work. It’s way too hot, and my work uniform, navy blue polo shirt and tight black trousers, is definitely not the best thing to be wearing in this kind of weather. I fidget, trying to get comfortable, crossing my ankles underneath me and fanning my knees in and out slightly. However, the heat isn’t the only reason why I’m squirming in my chair. I’m absolutely bursting for a piss. I last went at lunchtime (around 12pm) and because of the heat I’ve been drinking loads more than usual – about one and a half bottles of water, a can of cherry coke and a carton of Ribena. 

I take another sip from the water bottle placed at the side of the till, feeling my bladder twinge. I put down the water and, glancing around to make sure nobody is around, slip my left hand down to my waistband, under my shirt, and gently give my bladder a prod. It’s extremely full, and hard to the touch. Fuck, I really wish I’d found time to take a quick piss while I was on my break earlier. The supervisor and manager are counting money in the office nearby, with the door locked, and I’m the only cashier on the tills as the others went home earlier. At the moment, I have no choice but to wait.

I blow air through my lips and sit upright in my chair, trying to find a comfy position, but it’s just impossible. I consider standing up, but I realise that my fidgeting would be even more obvious to any customers I was serving. I make do with jiggling my knees slightly, using my ankles to gently bounce my legs. God, it’s way too hot. Just then, a woman comes around the corner and walks quickly towards my till. For some reason, I find myself extremely turned on at my situation, knowing that I’ll have to stay still and not let on how badly I have to piss. I feel myself getting hard, and I discreetly adjust myself so my hard-on is less noticeable.

I glance up as she comes closer. She’s an attractive woman in her late 20s or early 30s, black hair, curvy but not overweight, wearing a summery dress. She has a kind face, and her cheeks are a little flushed because of the heat. She walks to the till and smiles at me. ‘Hi’ I say as she places her item down in front of me. ‘Hi, apparently somebody has phoned to let you know about this?’ she says. ‘There’s meant to be three pieces but there’s only two, so they said I can have it for £10’. I pick up her item – two small pieces of driftwood fastened together. Now this is a problem. Nobody has phoned to tell me, and in order to check the price I’d have to get up from the till, go over to the phone and call the department to check.

However, I’m sitting here with a fierce urge to piss and a rock hard dick. Right now, the idea of standing up doesn’t seem too appealing. I glance around aimlessly, first at the office door and then at the lists of prices stuck on a wall to my left. ‘Yeah that’s fine’ I say, entering 10.00 onto the till. ‘That’ll be £10 please’. The strain in my voice is clear. Oh God, I’d give anything to run off to a toilet and relieve myself right this second. ‘Thanks!’ she says politely, interrupting my thoughts. I notice she’s holding a credit card, so I move the chip and pin device towards her and spin around on my chair to face the card machine, resting my feet on the metal bar under my chair.

I bite my lip as I enter the amount into the machine, fighting the urge to jiggle around. I’d love to stick my hand down my boxers and squeeze myself tightly, I’m so unbelievably desperate to piss, and fighting to stay composed in front of the customer. ‘Ok, please enter your pin number’ I say quietly. I hear the beeps as she presses in her digits and presses enter. The machine starts to print the receipt agonisingly slowly. ‘So what time are you working ‘til?’ she asks. Oh man, I’m SO not in the mood for conversation. I turn to her politely. ‘6 o’clock’ I answer, and she nods. ‘Not long then.’

‘Yeah, about 20 minutes’. The machine has finally accepted the card, and I offer the chip and pin machine to her. ‘Ok, thanks’ I say out of habit, and she takes her card. ‘Thanks’ she replies and I press the button to print out the rest of the receipt, and take the till receipt in my left hand.

Just then, I get an overwhelming urge to tell this woman my predicament. I don’t know her, and I have no idea how she’ll react, but I just want to tell her that I’m dying to go for a piss. I want to let her know that the young man sitting in front of her, waiting to hand over her receipt, is agonisingly desperate to urinate and is completely unable to do anything about it – totally helpless. I feel myself starting to blush just thinking about it. The receipt is halfway printed now (damn it’s SLOW). God, am I really going to do it? There’s nobody about, just me and her. But how will she react? Will she laugh, be sympathetic, even be disgusted? I bite my lip, fuck I need to piss so bad. Am I really gonna say it?

‘I’m dying to go for a pee though.’ I blurt out. I can’t quite believe I’m saying it. My throat is dry, and I feel hotness spreading over my face as I blush profusely. Oh god, I said it, and immediately regret it. It’s so unprofessional. Cashiers are NOT meant to tell their customers that they’re bursting to piss, no matter how desperate they are. I have no idea how she’ll react, and I can’t even look her in the eye. I’m so embarrassed. She makes a hissing noise through her teeth sympathetically. 

‘Oh no!’ she laughs. I turn to her and bite my lip. Thank God, she’s not offended, in fact she even seems quite interested. Now I’ve admitted how badly I have to go, I start jiggling my legs again. ‘And there’s nobody to…erm…’ I begin, and she says ‘Nobody to swap with you?’ She finishes my sentence for me and laughs again, looking at me sympathetically. ‘Yeah, there’s nobody to swap with me...’ I glance around helplessly, gritting my teeth. '... so I’ll just have to wait’. By now, the machine has finally printed the receipt, so I hand it over to her. ‘Aw that’s really bad isn’t it?’ she says, taking her receipts and putting them into her bag. ‘Yeah’ I say quietly, leaning forward in my chair slightly and tapping my hands on my thighs. She zips up her bag and looks at me, smiling. ‘Bye’ she says coyly, glancing down at my jiggling legs. ‘Yeah, bye!’ I say breathlessly. She turns around and walks out, and I’m alone again, my bladder rock hard and throbbing.

Luckily, at that moment, I hear the door the office being unlocked, and my supervisor walks out. ‘You can come off the till now, I’m gonna cash it up’ she says as she walks towards me. I slide myself out of my chair, gritting my teeth as I stand up and feel just how bursting my bladder really is. I try my best to disguise my erection. ‘Actually, before you do that, could you cover for me for like two minutes? I really need the toilet’ I say sheepishly, struggling to stop my voice shaking. I’m standing behind my chair, trying to hide my hard-on. ‘Please’ I add, bobbing up and down slightly. ‘Ok, but two minutes is all you’re getting’ my supervisor says reluctantly. ‘Thanks’. I dart past her, almost at a run, praying that she doesn’t see how turned on I am. 

I walk quickly to the staff toilets, dash into a cubicle whilst unzipping my trousers, and pull out my dick. My dick is so hard that it takes me a while to start going, despite how desperate I am. I dance from foot to foot and bob up and down, dick in hand, standing over the toilet bowl. ‘Come on, come on’ I moan under my breath. After a few seconds, I finally start to piss, a trickle at first that quickly builds up to a torrent. I moan with relief as I begin to empty my aching bladder. As I’m wetting, I think back to the moment when I admitted to the gorgeous woman that I was dying for a piss, and my stream stops as my dick becomes rock hard once more. I’m so turned on that I can’t help but begin to masturbate. I finish in under a minute, and I zip myself back into my trousers, feeling some relief despite my bladder being nowhere near empty. I wash my hands, splash some water on my face to cool down, and hurry back to the tills to finish my shift.

