Pregnant wife peed on me

Author: pigfrm

*000*2013-06-13 20:20

My wife and I have been married for 10 years. She is fully aware of my wetting fetish and really does not mind. When we first got married she would be for me fairly regualry and we had great wet sex. Well, along came the kids and this "play time" with the fetish dwindled to almost nothing. When she was pregnant with our first she ended up getting a bad cough. Needless to say she leaked like crazy. When she was home she would laugh about it and show me her wet crotch and occasionally let me feel it bet it never led to the pee sex we had before. After a few car trips to bring her dry clothes to work she decided the poise pads were the route to go. She would sometimes come home with a soaked pad having wet on the car ride home. She new it turned me on and would show me and what not. Kid number 2 was the same way...cough, pads. After the birth the iron clad bladder returned.

Fast forward to child number 3 she is now pregnant with. My wife has been more horny that I can ever remember. It has been fantastic. But after years of waiting my fantasy came true. A few afternoons ago she came home from work early. Our two kids were sound asleep for nap time and she wanted to have some adult time. We proceeded to make out and she got on top of me in all her pregnant glory with the silky pink prego briefs of the day on...(kind of have a thing for that too.) Anyway, I had made a joke and she started laughing hysterically. I immediately grabbed her panty crotch to see if she would pee and sure enough a little squirt came out.

I told her she was peeing and it made her laugh even harder. At this point her bladder let go and she sat up enough for me to see the urine pouring out of her panties onto my belly and cock. It was amazing. I pulled her panties aside and was able to slide right in as she was ready to go. After a few minutes of her being on top grinding me in her soaked panties she asked me to get out. She then got on my chest, closed her eyes and said there was more...and out it came...all over me chest as I grabbed her pantied ass and loved it. We ended up having some of the nastiest, wet pee sex we have ever had. We both loved it. Anyway, I asked if peeing made her horny and of course she denied it and just said she wanted to please me. At that point, who cares. The wet bed was well worth it and I can now die in peace. Hope you enjoyed my story time.

