Taking Out The Trash.

Author: nakasette

*000*2010-10-19 05:18

I work part time at a local grocery store in town. It's more one of those towns where everyone is either middle school age or 50+, and about 80% of the shoppers at this store are well over 70 with atendants and the like, but this story is not about someone in either of those age groups. I believe her to have been between 25 and 35, hard to tell anymore, but i knew she was well out of my age group. Anyway, i was standing at the end of the register minding my own business, it had been an exceptionally slow day and the clock was standing ever still. when i looked up and started bagging her items i noticed to my shock that she, a grown woman, was standing there with tight crossed legs and fidgeting slightly. at first i thought, "no, couldn't be, there is no way she has to pee that bad, must be my overactive imagination..." but as i continued to bag, her symptoms began to stretch to biting her nails and looking at the cashier anxiously as she scanned out her pile of groceries.

Finally the cashier picked up on it and asked her "are you alright ma'am?" to which she responded "oh, no, i just have to go pee really bad". I nearly dropped the bag i was holding, and just managed to catch my jaw as well. A look of panic struck her as she bent her knees slightly and crossed her legs tighter for a moment before coming back to us, her tight blue jeans still dry i might add. The cashier told her, "well, there are bathrooms right behind me near the pharmacy if it's that bad." 

Now, at this, any sensible person would say, "oh, thank you, i'll be right back." then dash to the restroom. But all she said was, "it's ok, i'll just hold it." as desperation cracked her voice slightly. Her response caused my eyes to nearly pop out of my head in disbelief, and certain other things that aren't appropriate for children to read as well, let's just say i was thankful the register came above my belt line... Right, so, somehow how i managed to get her groceries bagged and placed in her cart, then i heard her swear about something as she looked through her change purse, it turned out that she had left her bank card back in her car, and that she would have to go get it.

There was no one behind her in line, so the cashier told her to be quick and run to get it. "sorry! i'll be quick i promise!" she shouted as she dashed past me and through the doors to the lot outside. "weird." said the cashier, "must be a germophobe or something". "that's right" i thought, it was the only logical reason why a desperate woman would refuse a place to relive her self. I took this opportunity to take out the trash and deal with some personal adjustments of attire. (no i wasn't going to do "that". pervert.) 

I collected all the garbage bags from the trash cans up front and went to the back of the stores loading dock, which served as the way to the back door and dumpsters. I looked out the window as i was opening the door and couldn't believe what i saw. It was the woman from before, sneaking back behind the dumpsters. Ok, NOW i'm freaking out cause i know exactly what she's doing, sure enough after about a minute which seemed like ages to me, she reappeared from behind the dumpster, dusted her pants off and started walking around the outside of the store.

"There is no way" i thought, "I'm dreaming, that's it. I have GOT to be dreaming.", but i wasn't, i ran and threw the bags in the dumpster then ran around behind it, a large wet splotch hard formed between the fence and dumpster. I'm pretty sure i nearly fainted, that or i was so dazed that time stood still for 2 seconds as my mind processed what happened, it was then i heard the speaker from inside yell for support up front. "crud! if someone finds me out here i'm as good as fired cause they'll think it was me!" i ran back up the ramp and into the store, then walked quicly back up front. It seemed a large line had formed because of the lady's absence and the inability to check out the next customer.

There was the lady, still acting a little desperate, probably so the cashier would think she hadn't yet gone, but not nearly as painfully so as she had before. She had slid her card and the machine beeped in acceptance as the receipt printed, she grabbed her buggy and as she walked past told me "Thanks for bagging this" all i could say was "no, thank you." she looked kind of puzzled but quickly brushed it off as she walked out the store. Now, I still don't understand why she didn't just use the bathroom in the store, if she was so willing to go behind a dumpster and take a leak without toilet paper or anything i can hardly say that the germophobic theory still applies. Maybe she shares the fate we do being turned on by things like that, or maybe i'm just overthinking something. Well, anyway, that's how it happened, I don't know who she was, haven't seen her since, and may never see her again, but this memory is stuck with me each and every time i take out the trash.

