Accident after work

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-06-06 20:49

So I held all day at work yesterday- i didn't go pee when i woke up and drank a bit at work. My shift was from 8am to 3pm. I was doing really well until about 2pm but I forced myself to hold on because I knew I would get to leave soon. So finally I got to leave and the ride home consisted of my burying my hand in my crotch and trying not to wet my car seats.I finally got home, and my little sister was in the bathroom, so I decided to change from my work clothes while I waited for her. I did so, and put on a t shirt and panties (it's very hot in my house). She still wasnt out of the bathroom, and I was pee dancing outside the door for about three minutes before I finally said "Chlo, hurry up, I need to pee." She answered back that she was straightening her hair and would be done soon. I had both my hands in between my legs and had my legs crossed at the knees. "Come on, just open the door" I told her. i didn't care if she saw me pee, if she didn't let me in I was going to pee myself.

Anyway, when we were younger we used to have innocent games of pee holding, so I'm 99% sure she knows about my fetish, though we've never discussed it out loud. She yelled through the door, "If I don't are you going to pee yourself?" I told her yes of course and heard her go "Hmmmmm" from the other side of the door. I was already leaking and couldn't do much more to hold it in. "Chloe!" I shouted and She finally said "Alright alright, I'm finished anyway" and I heard her putting her stuff away. More started to leak out and by then my thighs were pretty wet. 

By the time she unlocked the door, my bladder had gotten a bit too excited over the thought of relief and it began coming out, drenching my hands and running down my legs. I didn't bother trying to move because either way I was going to pee myself there, or about two feet into the bathroom. So my bladder released and made a huge puddle on the floor, while Chloe watched and laughed a bit. It gushed out for so long, and it felt so good to finally release that i didn't really care. So, wetting yourself in front of a thirteen year old because you couldn't wait until the bathroom was free at 20 years old. I mean. Good times :D

*002*2014-06-06 20:52

{{ 

You have a very understanding sister, lol. You should repay her efforts and make sure she winds up wetting next time.

}}

Hahah she's peed herself a few times partially because of me. More when we were younger though.

*004*2014-06-06 21:01

{{ 

LOL, Me and my sisters never had this kind of relationship. The things we could have done together(age appropriate and non-sexual of course.)

}}

Awh haha. I guess, me and her are both girls, and I am significantly older than her (it was just her and i a lot growing up) so we just kind of got into things you know lol. Anyway, she's still at an age that it's acceptable to pee herself, and she has a time or two.

*006*2014-06-06 21:04

{{ 

There is never really an age that is not appropriate to pee yourself, you just need to have better excuses when you get older.

}}

Hahah, I like the way you think!

*010*2014-06-07 20:50

{{ 

Do you suppose she was testing you FateandFire, as you both have a history of challenging each other's bladder capacities? That said, maybe y'all could recant some childhood memories and challenge her to a holding contest :)

}}

You think so?

*014*2014-06-12 05:11

Thank you bestrapperalive, and yes wm just t shirt and panties

*017*2014-07-05 06:47

{{ 

Sounds like you've created a next gen omorashi fan. Good work! Now get that kid an junior omo ranger badge and plant idea in her impressionable mind so she can join us one day :)

}}

Hahah I'll get a badge made up, I'm sure they've got em on amazon :p

