Desperate spurting in my pants

Author: Peeinginbed

*000*2015-08-04 13:56

I woke up this morning with a desperate urge to use the bathroom, my bladder ached for release. I did not want to get out of bed yet, so I turned over and fell back asleep.

Around 10am I woke up again, the need was unbearable and I couldn't help but let out a little spurt to get me turned on. Only this spurt wasn't so little. My hand shot down between my legs and I grabbed forcefully, this sent pleasure signals from my clot and I longed to get off right now.

Not wanting to make a mess on the bed, I swung my legs over the bed, another small leak as I sit on the edge of the bed. As soon as I stand up I feel it. A tiny little dribble of pee starts to make it's way past my lips and into my black lace undies. I glance down and notice the tiny wet spot on my jeans, making me hornier than ever. I grab at y crotch a few more time before reaching a hand inside. I tease me clit for a few moments, then feel my slippery juice leaking out. I rub myself, almost bringing me to orgasm. Then I stop. I waddle to the bathroom, little squirts coming out as I do. But I won't be using the toilet today. I grab a towel and run back to my bedroom, looking the door. I throw it on the bed and lie down.

I'm about to start masturbating again when I let out a hot jet of piss which soaks my panties and jeans and reaches the towel. Soon I find my fingers tracing my clit, tiny dribbles of pee still squirting out and enhancing my mood. It's not long before my body is racked by rippling orgasm, my whole body relaxing and shaking in bliss. The desperation went away and I drifted back to sleep.

I'm woken up 2 hours later by my boyfriend returning from working the night shift. He walks in and kisses my cheek.

"How was work baby?" I ask gingerly.

"Stressful. So many meetings and Tod screwed up a machine today."

"Come here lovey," I sit up and begin to make out with him. I've never told him about my love for omorashi and the thought of me possibly having a real accident in front of him made me wet. I pushed him against the headboard and set my hand over his cock which instantly swelled under my touch.

I began rubbing softly and gently before moving on to more things. Suddenly I see a dark spot appear on the front of my boyfriend's tan pants.

"Did you lose it already? " I ask concerned and a little disappointed at the thought.

"No... I actually, I have to pee really badly. I haven't gone since before work and it's starting. Ill be right back"

He attempted to get up Nd run to the bathroom when I stopped him by grabbing his dick which released another spurt. This was it, I was gonna see my bf wet himself, while I'm desperate as well. "Wait," I spewed. " I have to pee really bad too. But we are having fun! Can you hold on until we finish? "

"I'm sure I can"

Slowly I began to take off his pants, making sure I pressed hard on his bladder while undoing the button and zipper. After slipping them off I catch glance of the massive tent in his boxers and a squirt comes out, almost like a fountain. I decide to dampen my own parties with urine.

I reach inside and feel his cock, twitching under my fingers. I begin to stroke it, faster and faster. As soon as my tongue hits his shaft he flinches.

"Its gonna come out now if I don't go to the bathroom!! I'm gonna have an accident! But ooo that feels so amazing! "

" then just let it go right here while I pleasure you."

"Ill try to hold it.." he sounded doubtful.

I took his member into my mouth and begin to give him the best head he'd ever had. A wave of desperation hit me and I began spurting, not stopping it and enjoying every minute. He started sliding off my jeans and upon noticing the wet spot started to finger me.

After some time of playing around I grasp his cock firmly in my hand and glide him past my glistening lips. As he thrusts himself into me, my bladder shakes. It's only a minute later that I start wetting fupl force all over my boyfriends dick. To my stuprise, he goes harder and faster, busting his load in me as my stream slows down. He pulls his cock out and leans over me, his member on my belly. He begins to kiss my neck and I reach for the stick m I'm about to take control again when he begins to lose it. Hot spurts of urine shooting out the head of his penis, making my clit throb. His wetting turns into a fast torrent and lasts 2 minutes before we decide to go have some more fun

