Chat with an old friend

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-09-06 18:06

Been away and busy for a little while. Lots to catch up on. But I wanted to share a recent chat I had on Facebook. I found an old friend from middle school/early high school and we started chatting. She had moved away after freshman year so it has been many years since we've seen or talked to each other. We chatted about life and stuff and after a while things started turning a little more risque and we joked and talked about our sex history, current sex lives, best times, etc. I'll cut out all of the earlier stuff but at one point it became omo related:

Her: haha. That does sound fun.

Me: It was, a lot.

Me: So you into anything kinky?

Her: Not really. I'm not against anything, but I've never done anything "weird". You?

ME: Well, I find it a little cute, endearing, exciting when a girl is really desperate for the bathroom and doesn't make it...

Her: Haha. Really? I've never heard of that. You mean like, pee their pants and stuff?

Me: Yeah. It's more common than you'd think.

Her: Haha. I had no idea. You'd get a kick out of me then, haha

Me: What do you mean?

Her: Let's just say I don't have the best track record with making it to the bathroom on time always. ;-)

Me: Oh really?

Her: Yeah... I tend to hold it too long sometimes.

Me: How many times have you had an accident?

Her: I've lost count! Especially after having the baby, that just made it worse. I usually wear a pad or panty liner all the time now just in case.

Me: Too many to count, huh? Any memorable stories?

Her: Oh sure.

Me: Tell me one? :)

Her: Would that turn you on?

Me: haha. Probably. But all this sex talk already has me a little hard already. ;-)

Her: lol (That's ok, it has me a little wet) Ok, I'll tell you one story.

Me: Woo hoo!

Her: Ok, so... my junior year in high school I was in Spanish class and had to pee pretty bad but was holding it like usually until after school. But a friend of mine said something really funny and I started laughing really hard and I couldn't stop and suddenly it just came out and I coulnd't stop it and I left a big puddle under my desk and had to go to the school nurse for a change of clothes.

Me: What were you wearing? Did it show a lot? How bad was it?

Her: I was in pale blue jeans so it showed REALLY bad. They were soaked. Everyone could tell.

Me: Sorry. Was that the worst?

Her: i got over it. Yeah, that was about the worst in school for sure.

Me: I'd love to hear any of your other stories...

Her: Maybe another time...

And that's where I didn't want to push my luck so I let the conversation move elsewhere, but maybe I can coax more out of her in the future. Fingers crossed. :)

