My friend Natalie

Author: orcslayer

*000*2015-06-03 21:16

I want to talk about my childhood friend Natalie. She's the reason I'm into all of this. We're neighbors and we've known each other pretty much since birth. We were best friends and hung out together all the time. She also has a very small/weak bladder. But she's very shy about it and always waits till the very last second to say something. This resulted in several close calls to the bathroom. Even when we were very young (maybe 4 or 5) I remember her coming over to my house and starting to squirm around, rock back and forth and hold herself, and I remember liking it.

By the time we got a little older, maybe 8-10, I used to come up with games to make her desperate and watch her struggle to hold for my own amusement (and now I realize I was fucking aroused). Sometimes watching her be all desperate made me desperate too and I started liking that feeling. From then on we often had holding contests. She always lost, but usually she'd give up and dash to the bathroom. But one time she must have miscalculated. We were in my room, listening to music, playing on the floor.

It had probably been around 2 hours and I'd just felt the first twinge from my bladder, but Natalie was already desperate and struggling. She was sitting on her heels rocking quickly back and forth, rubbing her hands over her thighs. I could see her fingers shaking slightly. I asked her how badly she had to go and she answered "not that bad, I can still hold it". Her denying her urgent need made me super excited. "Do you want some water then?" I asked her and she shook her head frantically. So I drank from my bottle super loudly, shaking it to make sloshing sounds.

Suddenly she stood up and started pacing back and forth rapidly, dancing around, stopping to bend over, her legs crossed the whole time. I stood up too and drank in the sight of her grabbing herself. She looked defeated and worried. Finally she said "oh my god I need to go so bad, I don't know if I can hold it any longer."

I said "do you think you can hold it another 5 minutes?"

"I don't know I think it's coming out already," she said with a shaking voice, hands jammed in her crotch and to my surprise I saw a small wet patch down the inside of her thigh. She was actually peeing herself. I grabbed her hand away from her crotch (and felt it slightly damp) and pulled her towards the bathroom, which was down the hall from my room. The whole way she was making these little groaning and gasping noises, whining about how much she had to go. It was driving me crazy and I felt my own need increase all of a sudden.

About halfway to the bathroom she suddenly stopped and bent over, sort of jumping on the spot. Her body was shaking. "Oh no, oh no, oh no," she kept saying. I watched as the front of her orange pants grew dark and the wetness spread down her thighs, making the material cling to her skinny legs. I pulled her the rest of the way into the bathroom and locked the door. She had given up trying to make it to the toilet and just stood there in the middle of the room wetting herself. To my surprise she wasn't crying. Her face was red with embarrassment and her body trembling. Pee was running out of her pantlegs, over her bare ankles, onto the floor, creating a large puddle. Since I was standing right next to her, my bare feet got wet too and I loved the feeling. None of us said anything, just watched her pee spread. She had taken her hand out of her crotch and was looking down at herself. In that moment I thought maybe she also likes this.

More stories to come

