Nightclub drugs raid causes MASSES of desperation

Author: pguy69

*000*2014-03-09 14:22

I had the most AMAZING experience of my life last night. Unfortunatley I was out in a large group, so I couldn't make as much of it as i would like, but it was still unbelievable! I was out for a friends birthday, in the North of England, we had been to a couple of local bars, and it was really busy. We ended up in a "fun pub" which was open til 3, with ALL drinks costing £2. What a bargain, so, I'm sure you can imagine how much some people were drinking, AND how it was absolutely heaving!!

As the night progressed our group ended up moving towards the back of the club, and congregating, quite by accident, just outside the toilets! This was obviously great news for me, as I positioned myself outside the ladies, so that, when the door was opened, I got a brief glimpse inside! This had already made my night, not least because, on looking in, I couldn't help but notice, there were only 4 cubicles in there, and life I said, this pub was BUSY. It was going to be a great night!!!

We stood there for about an hour (At this stage it was approx. 1:30) and sure enough, the toilets had started to get really busy! Then, all of a sudden, there was quite a commotion as 3 massive bouncers barged into the ladies, 1 girl was restrained, and another cubicle remained locked. At this stage, a group of lads entered and a bit of a fight ensued.. This went on for about 5 minutes, during which time I began to notice a few girls gathering outside, crossing legs . My interest peaked, but the best bit was only just beginning. As 2 girls, who were now obviously quite desperate tried to push into the toilets, they were stopped by a bouncer who told them they couldn't come in. "Are there any more toilets" asked one of the girls, but was told firmly "No, sorry, but you'll just have to wait". I'm not really sure what was going on inside the toilets at this stage, but 2 of the bouncers stayed inside, with a couple of people, and the big bouncer stood at the door, blocking access.

10 minutes later the 2 girls were almost bouncing around, and they had been joined by about 10 other girls, all in varying stages of distress! As you can imagine though, in a pub like this, late at night, very cheap drinks, people were pretty drunk, and presumably leave it pretty late until they decide to stop dancing and go to the toilets! The girl at the front, who had asked about other toilets earlier was looking really frantic now, and I was stood, trying to look disinterested, hiding a huge erection!! A few of my group (all male) had noticed to situation now too, and were making jokes about it, and watching with interest, so this gave me a great excuse to watch! "Please, how long is it going to be, I can't wait" asked the girl at the front, "you have to let me in, I'm bursting"

At that stage, the situation (from the bouncers perspective) was getting out of control, and the big guy on the door knew something had to give, he gestured over for another bouncer, and they announced that because of the unique situation they could use the mens room. Now I knew, from using earlier, the mens room was a horrible facility, a trough urinal down one wall, and 2 disgusting cubicles! "oh god thankyou" gasped the girl, now pressing a hand to her crotch. 2 further bouncers had now arrived at the door to the mens room, and the guy explained that they would make ONE cubicle available for the women.

The desperate girl charged in, to a cheer from the guys stood around the urinal, and her friend tried to follow her, but was stopped by one of the 2 new bouncers. "One at a time love" he said, and they basically set up a system, with 3 bouncers, 1 blocking the ladies room, 1 blocking the gents, to women (but still letting guys in) and 1 inside the gents, escorting desperate girls to the allocated cubicle, and then back out again when they had their relief! It was chaos for about 20 minutes, as girls tried to push in, some still begging to get in the ladies, some trying to go in 2 at a time in the gents, and there was a lot of desperation, I was in heaven!

This continued for about half an hour, when the police arrived, and astoundingly told the bouncers that they weren't allowed to let women in the mens room! They were gonna clear the ladies as quickly as possible, but until then, under no circumstances was the mens room to be used as an alternative. The police then went into the ladies and made what appeared to be 3 arrests, and I could see them lifting cistern lids off and things, which made me think drugs. Anyway, it took them about 10 minutes, and they had the toilets up and running again! By which time there was quite a crowd of desperate girls, but it was during those 10 minutes though, the desperate ladies started to appear again, and I saw the single most amazing sighting I could ever imagine!

A young girl, who appeared about 19, was wearing a VERY short skirt, and what appeared to be a bikini top, she was obviously a very confident girl, and had the body to back it up! She was beautiful, and obviously VERY drunk!! I'd had my eye on her earlier when the makeshift ladies in the gents was in operation, she had been in the crowd of girls waiting, but had obviously decided her need wasn't great enough and headed back to the dancefloor. Anyway, now the police were there, the bouncers were no longer stood at the toilet doors, just 1 bouncer stood at a nearby fire escape. She walked over to the ladies room with a very determined gate, and pushed open the door. "Can't come in here sorry" said one of the police officers "Won't be long though"

"Can't I just run in quickly" she said, bending double, but the policeman refused "You can't I'm afraid, don't worry though, it'll only be a couple of minutes". "oooooh, ok" she groaned, heading out back towards the dancefloor, where she found a female friend, and came back a few seconds later, she stood out side the ladies room, and was gently bouncing on the spot. It looked to me like she had decided to wait for the police to finish up and had got a friend so she didn't have to stand on her own.

She stood there for about 30 seconds, and started twisting her legs together, saying something to her friend along the lines of, "its no good, I can't wait", and she started to edge, really tentatively towards the gents. she started to push on the door, when she spotted the bouncer on the fire escape glaring at her. "Can I?" she almost whimpered, but the bouncer just shook his head. She seemed to think he was joking, as she had obviously been there earlier when girls were being allowed relief in there, and she continued to push the door open, smiling at him, with a sarcastic looking face. He then started over towards her saying "I said no, the police are here and they have said under no circumstances are we to allow it, you will just have to wait". She then started to most amazing pee dance, "Oh my god, I can't wait" she said, "oh god, please let me in."

"I'm sorry" he replied "Its more then my jobs worth" as he was now expertly blocking the enterance to the gents, as she bent double, literally pressing her hands into her crotch, as her skirt rode up and I could see her perfect, beautiful, round, tightly clenched ass cheeks. Her friend had started to try and lead her away, "come on, we'll just wait it won't be long" she said, but the young girl in the bikini looked frantic "I can't waittttt" she said, tears in her eyes "I can't wait" she now had both hands back in her crotch, the fingers of her right hand working furiously beneath her tight short skirt.

She waddled over to the bouncer who was back on the fire escape now, and it was too far to hear what was being said, but I could she she was crying, and furiously pee dancing. My erection was huge as I was watching the scene unfold, until he finally yielded, and pushed open the fire escape, she hobbled through, and returned 3 minutes later, looking very, very, very relieved. As she walked past me, back towards the dancefloor, I heard her say to her friend "It was horrible, it hurt so much, I was starting to wee, it was coming out".

I swear this is true, I couldn't believe the whole thing was unfolding infront of me, but to see a club with already limited facilities reduced even further for just short of an hour, and to be in the perfect position to watch was one of my ultimate fantasies playing out infront of my very eyes!! I saw lots of other really desperate girls, and I think I am going to turn the scenario into fiction, based on these events, and make up some back stories as to how the girls got so desperate and what they did about it, so watch this space! I am sure there were more than a few wet spots on knickers, and more than a few puddles outside last night, I just wish I hadn't have been in such a large crowd to allow me to enjoy it fully!

*004*2014-03-09 23:40

{{ 

Wow, great story! You can just imagine how desperate she must have been.

One thing that crosses the mind reading your story: since it took so little time fron the toilets were closed until you had vast amounts of desperate women, you can just imagine how much desperation, and probably wettings, must be going on on a regular Saturday night, with drunk people who are waiting in taxi queues, on public transportation, or otherwise unable to get to a toilet in their drunken escapades. In fact, several women I know have alluded to having had a drunk wetting accident, or knowing someone who has.

}}

Yes, I absolutely agree, there must be LOADS of near misses, especially when you consider how much some people drink, and how long some queues are to get into places! There must be loads of public squatting going on every weekend, and even more very desperate girls JUST making it, or starting to lose it in their pants before they find somewhere to go! I wish I wasn't quite so old so it wouldn't look strange wandering the streets on my own!! I would love to spend a night as a fly on the wall of a ladies room in a nightclub!

As I mentioned, the above account is absolutely true, but I am starting work on a series of fictional stories surrounding how I believe some of the girls came to be so desperate, there may be some quite wet and exaggerated endings too! It has inspired me so much, it was honestly amazing!

*005*2014-03-10 00:37

OK, as I said, I plan to write a series of fictional stories based around what I saw. From here on all of my work is fiction, and I plan to tell the story of the same raid from many different girls perspectives. Here is my first installment.

Sophie's story.

It had been a great night for Sophie, she had got herself a new job, and was out for a night on the town, celebrating her leaving. The night started off with 15 people, but now, at 1:15, there was just Sophie, and her 3 friends Lisa, Debbie and Emily. The 4 girls were regular clubbers, and having been out since 7, they had spent a lot of money, so they were heading to the towns cheap spot, where all drinks were just £2! This was their 6th and final bar of the night, and their group had slowly dwindled after each bar.

Sophie didn't care though, she hadn't spent a penny, the plus side about having a leaving do was that everyone wanted to buy you drinks, and it would be rude to refuse. She had been out for 5 and a half hours and she had drank a lot, but it was only 1:30, so she could dance the night away with her girlfriends until 3 and head home happy! The problem was, when she drank as much as she had tonight, her bladder always became weak, and she hadn't gone to the ladies before they'd left the last bar. As soon as she'd got out into the cold night air she realised that she needed to go, but when she mentioned nipping back in, her friends stopped her, saying

"Its only 5 minutes away, you can go at the next place"

Not wanting to cause a fuss Sophie walked on, but now, 5 minutes later, she needed to go badly!

"Why did I not go back in to Weatherspoons", she asked, no-one in particular, "I can't wait long when I've been drinking, I'm absolutely bursting over here".

"Me too" chimed Emily, "its definitely a mad dash to the little girls room when we get there".

"For fuck's sake" said Debbie, "come on girls, its not far away, stop making such a fuss".

They continued on their way, but Sophie's desperation seemed to be growing literally by the second. As they finally neared the club, they rounded the final corner, and they noticed that there was a queue to get into the bar.

"Oh my god, I can't do it" stammered Sophie as she spotted the queue, "we need to go somewhere else, I can't stand in a queue".

Emily looked just as shocked, "Where can we go though, I neeeeed a weeee, but where else is there"

"Come on guys, its only a couple of minutes" added Lisa, "its busy because its cheap, thats why were here, there will be a queue wherever we go, just cross your legs",

"ohmygod" said Sophie, "I know your right, but oooh it hurts! OK, OK" she stammered, trying to calm down, as they reached the end of the queue "It can't take long though, I'm having an emergency here"

Emily had fallen quiet now, but her thighs were pressed tightly together, as she bounced around, she couldn't stand still for a second, and there were still 18 people ahead of them.

5 minutes later and the queue had gone down, so there were just 5 people ahead of the girls. They were grateful that the queue was moving fairly quickly, but Sophie's desperation had increased rapidly, and she was seriously doubting her ability to hold on. She was pee dancing none stop, and for the first time she pressed her hand into her crotch. This was something that she had always seen as a last resort, and definitely something she hated to do in public. It helped a bit, but her short skirt was too tight for her to get any pressure where she really needed it.

"What is taking so long?" she shouted, "Please hurry, some of us need a pee".

The 2 lads at the front of the queue moved into the pub, leaving just 3 girls infront of them, and the bouncer looked at her, "not long love, calm yourself down".

"Calm down" cried Sophie, "thats easy for you to say, I'm bursting here".

"Stop making such a scene will you" prompted Debbie, who was always prim and proper, the only one of the group who had opted for jeans rather than the short, flesh revealing minidresses that were in fashion.

"oooooh, I can't help it Debs" stammered Sophie, "I don't think you understand, I'm not joking, I'm absolutley bursting here, I really wish you'd let me wee in Weatherspoons, oh god, I can't even think about peeing, it makes it worse, oh, oh god" she stopped, mid sentence and bent double, twisting her legs together in frantic desperation. Infront of them the 3 girls were allowed to enter, and Sophie tried to follow, before being stopped in her tracks.

"Not yet miss" said the bouncer.

"No, but, why, oh please, can't you see I HAVE to get in, please, I need the toilet", "Sorry, but its really busy in there, we have to control entry, how many of you are there?"

"What, but" stammered Sophie, almost beyond coherent thinking now.

"There's 5 of us" said Lisa, "But these 2 have been caught a bit short, so let them in first".

Debbie looked distinctly unimpressed at this, and started to protest, which Sophie found strange, but the bouncer spoke up "OK, OK, I can see you're in a hurry, you two can go in".

"Oh god thankyou" gasped Emily as Sophie headed into the pub, and she waddled in behind her. Inside it was chaos, the bar was absolutley packed, and Sophie knew from being here beofre that the toilets were right at the back!

"OH god, come on Em, we have to make this" she said, setting off determined, trying to walk as fast as she could, whilst keeping her upper thighs pressed firmly together. Oh god she was desperate, it was going to be a close run thing! She didn't even care about Emily, at that moment, literally all that mattered to her was getting to the toilet, and having a glorious pee, before she broke down and completely flooded her knickers. It really was getting that bad that she was considering this was a real possibility!

"Come on, come on, just a few more seconds" she muttered to herself as she tried to push through the crowd.

"Please hurry, come on Soph" demanded Emily, following her closly, as sophie tried to barge through improbably tight gaps.

"Excuse me, please excuse me" she wailed, as she pushed endless people aside, never seeming to get any closer to relief, "Oh please, pleeeaassseee, let me through".

A couple of people jeered at her, but she didn't stop for a second, she couldn't, every second was vital, and then it was there, she could see it, the door with LADIES emblazoned across it, at that moment it could have easily been the pearly gates guarding the enterance to heaven.

"Please, just a few more seconds" she demanded to her bladder, as for the first time she allowed herself to think about the glorious relief she would be feeling in just a few more seconds, her desperation built up to a crescendo as she pushed past 2 young girls, and it was there, infront of her, oh thank god, she cried, as she pushed into the door, her pee hole winking open for the briefest of seconds as she entered the ladies room, a brief spurt escaping her tiring, tighly clenched pee hole.

"2 more seconds" she said as the door opened, when she was greeted with a scene even more chaotic than the nightclub scene! There were 3 huge male bouncers, fighting with 2 men, and a woman was being restrained. Sophie didn't care, she could see it, the end cubicle was open, she could see a toilet. She didn't even slow down, she was actually on the brink of wetting herself, she had to wee, she had to wee NOW!

"Sorry love, said the bouncer, you can't come in here.

"What, but, I err" stammered Sophie, stopping in her tracks,

"Please go and wait outside, it'll only be a few minutes."

Emily burst through the door behind her, "Oh a wee, oh god I need it" she stammered, "Sorry miss, toilets are closed" repeated the bouncer, this time aiming it at Emily.

"Noo, they can't be" said Emily, as Sophie tried to push forward, she was so desperate she couldn't allow herself to be denied like this, with a toilet in sight.

"Come on girls, you can see we've got an incident on our hands here" said the biggest bouncer, ushering Sophie back away from the toilet.

"pleeassseeee" cried Sophie, "please, its an emergency, I'll just wee with you all here".

"Sorry love, we can't allow that, it would be contamination of a crime scene, come on now" he said, as he backed the girls out of the toilet. They both frantically tried to resist it, but found themselves stood back outside the toilet, in the crowded bar.

"It'll only be a few minutes, you'll just have to wait" he said, remaining where he was, blocking the enterance to the ladies room.

Sophie was in agony, she had never needed to wee so badly, "oh god, no, please" she stammered, "What can I do, are there any other toilets?" she asked, doubting whether she would even be able to make it to them if there were.

"I'm afraid not, look, I'm sorry, but its out of my hands, just hold on a few minutes". another girl appeared at this point, pushing past Sophie and Emily, and also being blocked,

"Sorry girls" said the bouncer, "Just bear with us, we'll get the toilets back open asap".

"But I need to go" said the girl, "I don't care replied the bouncer, this is getting a bit tiresome now, get in line behind these girls, and we'll let you know when the toilets are available.

10 minutes later the scene outside the ladies room was insane. There were now 23 girls waiting, jiggling about, some looking almost besides themselves, furiously pee dancing. Sophie was at the front of the line, she had forgotten all about decorum, and had her left hand thrust up her skirt, kneeding furiously at her pussy, suddenly a spurt escaped, a lot longer than the one from earlier, this was a serious, 2 second spurt, she knew it was the beginning of the end, she was in a crowded night club, in front of a huge bouncer, and she was about to wet herself like a little girl!!!

Emily was crying behind her, she was just as desperate, but couldn't bring hersef to make such a scene, she was sobbing uncontrollably and bouncing about. Her thong was soaked, and it was going to get wetter very soon!

"PLEASEEEEEE" wailed Sophie, wide eyed, staring at the bouncer, "I am literally starting to wet myself, PLEASE, I HAVE TO GO NOWWWWWW!!!!!" she tried again to push past him, but was denied. Another spurt escaped, "Why are you doing this to me?" she cried.

Some of the other girls in the queue started to shout out now too,

"Come on", "I HAVE TO GO NOW", "How much longer will it be"

"I'm starting to wet myself"

"Let us in"

"THIS IS TORTURE", "I'm going to the papers". Wailed a cacophony of desperate female voices.

"OK, OK girls" said the bouncer, realising they couldn't keep the toilets closed much longer, it was getting out of hand. He gestured to another bouncer who came over, and they spoke quietly to each other.

"PLEASE, OH MY GOD PLEASE, OH NOW, PLEASE" wailed Sophie, interrupting them, as another spurt escaped, this time forming a tiny rivulet that started to work down her inner thigh.

"OK ladies" announce the bouncers "We have decided that in the circumstances we can make a makeshift ladies room, and allow you to use the gents."

"Oh thank god" cried Sophie, starting towards the gents, followed closely by Emily. The scene was crazy as 23 frantically desperate women made for the mens room. The second bouncer got to the door before Sophie, where he was joined by a third bouncer. Sophie was physically shaking now, almost like she was having a seizure. The tiny rivulet running down her inner thigh had reached her knee, and a tear dropped from her eye,

"I ne, need, to" she stammered as she got the door, and the bouncer pushed it open.

She was greeted by the sight of a row of young lads stood at a trough style urinal. "WAHAYY" shouted one of the guys, but Sophie didn't care about anything, the strong smell of urine hit her, and she could see three strong streams hitting the trough infront of her.

Emily tried to push in behind her, but the new bouncer stopped her. "Sorry girls, it is strictly one at a time" heard Sophie as the door slammed shut, but she didn't care, the bouncer, placed his hand on her shoulder, and pushed open the door to the first cubicle. It was absolutely disgusting, the lid of the toilet was hanging off and the seat was soaked in urine, the floor was drenched in pee, and the only toilet roll was sat in it, slowly soaking up male pee.

Sophie didnt care though, It could have been the burning inner circle of hell, she didn't care a jot as long as she could pee there, at that moment in time she would have given her entire life savings for a pee, and as she hoiked up her skirt over her perfect ass, she tried to lock the door, but that too was broken, and it swung back open. It was too late to care about anything else now though, as her bladder finally gave way, she reached between her legs and pulled the gusset of her soaking wet, shocking pink silk panties aside, and exploded a thick gushing stream of pee. She swung round and aimed it at the toilet, and FINALLY she could relax, she tried to hold a high squat over the disgusting toilet, but as she relaxed she was overcome with euphoria, and she went weak at the knees, she was still peeing full blast as she collapsed, and fell backwards onto the disgusting pee soaked toilet.

"OH, OH GOD YESSS" she moaned, not caring about anything, "OH A PEE, I NEVER THOUGHT A PEE COULD FEEL SO GOOD, OH THE RELIEF.OH FUCK, OH GOD YESSSS" she continued as her gusher continued unabated for a full minute. As it dwindled to a normal stream, and then to a trickle, she began to come round. She was sat, finally relieved, in a disgusting toilet cubicle, of a busy gents toilet, with a male bouncer watching her, sat in a cocktail of god only knows how many peoples urine and her knickers were soaking.

She started to look for a toilet roll, and came to the horrible realisation that the only one was the one that was sat on the soaking wet toilet floor. She snapped the translucent and drenched crotch of her knickers back into place, and said to the bouncer, "please can you get me a toilet roll".

"Come on love" said the bouncer, have you seen how many women are waiting out there, get a move on"

"Oh god, I wet myself" she cried as she stood up, her legs still feeling decidedly shaky, she picked up the loo roll, and dried her thighs the best she could when the toilet door opened,

"Come on Steve, how long is she gonna be", yelled a male voice to the bouncer stood watching me,

"Come on love" said the bouncer, you've had your relief now."

She shakily stepped out of the cubicle to be treated to a chorus of wolf whistles, but Steve ushered her straight out, she pulled open the door to gents, and Emily, frantically pushed her aside,

"OH GOD, ITS COMING OUT" she cried, as Steve started guiding her towards the cubicle, Sophie looked back, to see her hoiking up her skirt, it was clear she was in the middle of a serious accident.

She felt terrible, but my god it had felt good, never in her life had she needed a wee as badly as that, her panties were soaking, sticking tight to her labia, and she was convinced that she stank of urine, but as she looked back towards the toilets, she was glad she wasn't queuing and desperate anymore.

She knew there was really dark corner, where she had taken guys before tonight, so she headed there to try to tidy herself up. As she rounded the corner she was greeted by the sight of Debbie, knickers aside, jeans down, peeing furiously into a pint glass.

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god" stammered Debbie, as she saw Sophie. "I'm sorry, I had to, oh my god, this is embarrassing"

Sophie was gobsmacked, maybe her situation wasn't that disastrous after all.

"Oh fuck Soph, it feels good, I swear I had no choice" stammered Debbie.

"STOP" shouted Sophie,

"I can't, I can't, oh god I'm sorry, I had to do this, I can't stop" she was peeing furiously, as the glass started to get very full,

"NO DEBS, I mean STOP!!" shouted Sophie, "The glass is full!"

"WHAT" shouted Debbie, looking down, "OH SHIT". The furious stream slowing down as the foaming, frothing, almost clear liquid stopped about half a milimetre from the top of the pint glass.

A full strength blast escaped though, and another. Debbie had her eyes tightly clenched, "fuck, fuck, fuck" she said, desperately trying to regain control.

"Oh god, oh it hurts" another spurt escaped her lips, as the glass started to overflow. Ffeeling the hot liquid running over her fingers seemed to give her an extra bit of strngth, as she withdrew the glass, and placed it on the table in front of her!

"I need another glass Soph, there's so much more in me."

"OK, OK" said Sophie,

"Help me, it hurts more now I've stopped, please help me".

Sophie went back around the corner, to see 2 bouncers heading right for them, "OH SHIT, Debs, bouncers" she cried, "you need to cover up".

"ooooooowwwwwwwwhhhhhhhhhhh" groaned Debbie as she pulled up her cotton, Hello Kitty panties and oh so tight jeans,

"I need to find somewhere to pee", she cried and ran off to leave Sophie facing the bouncers.

When they questioned what she was doing, she just told them she had come to hide after her torment at the gents, but was headed to the bar now, they accepted that and left, there was no sign of

Debbie, so Sophie went to the bar and bought herself a drink while she waithed for her friends!

To be continued.....

*007*2014-03-10 10:54

Yeah, I was thinking that, just thought the experience was needed as a background to the story, do you think I should copy that to there too?

*010*2014-03-15 00:03

Another chapter published in the fiction section today! Let me know your thoughts

*013*2014-03-22 18:14

I know that feeling!! Do you have those pics jademonster, i'd love to see them!

