My sightings - Page 3

Author: jeromeft

*051*2022-06-03 02:11

Hey Mecca, yes you’re right. She displayed professional but I knew internally she was really in a panic mode. I asking like how she was so open about it and happy and joking after she managed to make it just in time.

I also loved how she was really fighting herself to wait it and must have been frantic as it over ran its schedule. It must have been the uncertainty of how long more she needed to wait that made her ‘gave in’ and finally exit early

*053*2022-06-04 03:38

Hey Angus

She had not peed all day so I’m guessing her last pee was her morning pee. We left the meeting almost 5pm. She had at least 2 coffees and some water. But I wasn’t paying close attention to how much she was drinking.

Our office is just 2 units (corner) rented from the whole building and the toilets were more than 5 units away. Toilets were kinda in the middle of the corridor next to the lifts.

She walked very quickly. I would describe it as tenses rather than pee dancing. she was trying her best to act normally but you could tell she was really desperate which made it so hot

*055*2022-07-17 05:09

Hi everyone will share this extreme desperate sighting involving a colleague on a work trip. I just joined a new company recently and job scope cover a few counterparts in a few countries in the nearby region. My senior colleague, P on this trip would introduce and pass these business partners to me while she will be taking care of some of the larger partners. She is around the same age as me but has been working in the role 3 years before I joined. She was based in another country nearby this was our very first meeting in person despite us having many conversations and virtual meetings. She had just arrived in my country the night before and she came from the hotel to meet me straight at the airport. On that day she was wearing our company tshirt with black jeans and white adidas shoes

On that day we met at the airport at 5.30am. The flight was 7am and we landed at slightly over 8am. We had a good chat throughout the flight mostly over work related and her personal opinion on a lot of things going on in the company etc. there was a Starbucks at the airport and P said she wanted a coffee as it was quite a long while since she had to get up this early. She had a latte and we headed to the train station we got to get us into the city centre. We decided to try this mode of transport as we saw it would be over an hour by taxi to the city centre. It was about a 30 min train ride. Our first meeting was 10am at a cafe in an office district. We had to take a 20 min cab ride to the place of meeting from the train station as well.

We were at the cafe before our business partners so we decided to order some coffee. P was complaining how she was still pretty tired and that she regretted her choice of a latte earlier as it was not strong. When I heard P’s order I was shocked as I haven’t heard such an order before. She ordered a large iced americano with 4 shots to increase the amount of caffeine. Our partners soon arrived and we proceeded with some introduction and small discussions. It was a 1.5 hr meeting so it was close to 1130am now. 

All this time while we had met since 5.30am neither of us had been to the toilets. I had to go pretty bad myself as we neared the end of our discussion and I took the chance to excuse myself and went to pee. The toilets was quite a distance (perhaps I was unfamiliar with the area) but it was a good 5 min walk (each way) it in a public area with a couple of restaurants. The rest of the buildings were just office buildings each with a security/reception table with entry only if you had the building pass which lead to a lift lobby.

When I returned, the convo had turned into a much more casual one and P had already booking a cab to our next meeting which was 30 mins away across the city. We headed out to the nearest office building as it was the exact location. Our business partners stood there with us just to send us off but i heard P suggested that it was fine and that she would also like to visit the toilets before our journey. I told her it was a long way and our cab was arriving as well. I could see a real panic in her face when she heard this. But she resumed the small talk with our business partners

Our cab arrived and we thanked our partners and boarded the cab. She had brought her a small luggage with her while I just used a back pack for their shirt 3 day trip. I helped her load her luggage and noticed she was standing with her legs closed together. In the cab she said right away (wow this is no joke I’m really dying) that was when it hit me how desperate she was and I linked all the pieces together her earlier latte + her 4 shots and she didn’t get to pee.

I said we should have canceled this ride and she could have gone first. She mentioned how she really hated being late for meetings as we wasn’t sure how much traffic there would be etc. but she went on to add ‘I haven’t felt like this in years and I’m really really dying’. We had some talk about how the last time she was this desperate was on a 6-7 hour bus trip with her family on vacation also to this city when she was much younger as a student. How she was asleep and was too lazy to get up and pee despite having a slight urge already during one of the rest stops. It turned out to be a huge regret as am she got really desperate toward the end. She was also very open and said they reached her hotel to check in. Her mum had some trouble with their roommate key card that she started peeing as they finally managed to enter the room and she rushed into the toilet.

I was super surprised by her honesty in telling me about her ‘first and only accident’ she had her legs almost double crossed now and she said jokingly this time might actually repeat her last visit to this city.

When we reached the new location it was a huge office building we quickly asked the receptionist if there were any toilets. It was in the second floor we had to take an escalator up and through a door which lead to a corridor. She quickly as fast as she could tried the female toilets. How we it was locked. The pure panic on fee face was a sight I could never forget. I instinctively tried the male but it too was locked. There was a handicapped toilet in the middle and she tried that. It opened and she was really in a rush with her luggage which I offered for her ti just leave it out with me. She muttered a thank you and just rushed ti pee. It was a really empty with echo kind of corridor. I was the only one there but I could hear her pee gushing really really clearly. It was really an impressive Gush and volume. she came out with an ‘oh my god you have no idea how close this was’ and then said how she was really sweating from the effort.

I really loved how the whole thing was and how honest she was even though it literally was our first meeting. We had dinner and drinks later that night and she was really really super attractive after everything. She’s really a perfect 10/10 capable career woman. I think I might have a super crush on her but of course she and myself are attached and not available romantically

*057*2022-07-19 07:12

I wasn’t trying to make her hold it more, in fact I did suggest we cancel the ride for her to pee first as the toilets were really quite far away.

She did not want to leave the partner alone and was too shy perhaps to leave them. However she did mentioned her need in front of the partners while we waited for the cab.

I couldn’t and did not notice her desperate until we were in the cab. I’m guessing she was trying to hide it from our partners but she regretted her decision once we were alone.

Don’t think she leaked but definitely a very very close call. She was visibly tensed and nervous and was clearly in a rush. She did a really really impressive pee. Im guessing the extra coffee shots really made her need much worse.

