The Leprechaun and his Pot of Gold

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-03-19 14:12

As yesterday was St Paddy's day we had a busy day at work (We own a pub). In the spirit of the occasion and because we would be working behind the bar we dressed up. My boyfriend and his mate dressed as leprechauns and me and my sister donned Irish Paraphernalia, Shamrock Hat, big green glasses, Guinness t-shirts and green trousers. I even wore my Shamrock knickers. We worked all day enjoying the festivities and by 8 o'clock I was knackered, the fact I had stayed up all the night before playing Xbox rather than sleep might have been a factor. So me and my sister went home and I sat and relaxed whilst drinking to fill up my bladder so my leprechaun had a pot of gold waiting for him when he got home. However the tiredness got the better of me and I ended up falling asleep.

The next thing I knew I was being put into bed by my boyfriend but I was half asleep and just mumbled some nonsense to him. He told me he was going to sort some things out and then he would come to bed and bid me goodnight. I glanced at the clock and noted it was just after midnight. As I lay in bed I noticed my bladder had filled quite a lot but I seriously could not be bothered getting out of bed so I just flopped onto the pillow and within seconds I nodded off again.

I woke up and immediately noticed a twinge, it took a few seconds to come round and I then realised the twinge was coming from my now extremely full bladder. I instinctively crossed my legs and grabbed myself through my knickers. I was quite desperate but I was nowhere near bursting point. I lay for a few moments gently wiggling and squeezing myself and after a while the need died down somewhat. I looked up at the clock and saw it was only about half 6. I thought about getting up and going to use the toilet but I was too warm and cosy, plus I was cuddled up to my boyfriend and I didnt want to disturb him so whilst continuing my grabbing I rested my head back onto my pillow and closed my eyes, listening to my boyfriend gently breathing behind me. I lay like this for a while, gently squeezing myself every time my bladder pushed and eventually I must have fallen asleep again.

I was having a lovely dream, I cant remember what it was about but whatever it was it was making me feel good, then suddenly I realised the dream had ended, I had woken up. I struggled to come around and take note of my surroundings. Before I could open my eyes I immediately noticed the twinges coming from my bladder which was now full and was pushing andsqueezing, trying to empty its contents. Then I noticed it wasn't just twinging, it was tingling, a nice, pleasurable tingling was running through it...a tingling that only came from one thing. opened my eyes and looked down to see my boyfriend gently stroking his fingers over my bulge. 

An action which he enjoys as he loves my bulge and I certainly enjoy. He noticed I was awake and said good morning gently kissing me. Now that I was awake the urgency of my need had decreased now I was in control, but despite that I was still bursting full. I looked at the time...10:30....no wonder I was bursting full, my poor bladder hadn't been emptied for well over 22 hours. I crossed my legs tight and wiggled about, enjoying the feeling of my full bladder and the sensations of it being stroked. I often do this in the morning, when I wake up I am often desperate and lay for a while holding it as I love the feeling. This morning was no different, I lay there for about 10 minutes wiggling and occasionally squeezing.

My boyfriend then went to make himself a cuppa and I asked him to make me one too. Whilst he was gone I thought about going and peeing but I didn't have any energy yet, I still needed to come round properly. As I lay there my need was slowly rising back to bursting point and my wiggling got more intense. He returned with my tea and I placed it on the table and he got back into bed and resumed gently stroking my bulging bladder. Another 10 minutes had passed and I had reached the point of nearly wetting my knickers, I hadn't even touched my tea, my bladder could take no more liquids. I decided to go to the bathroom and went to get out of bed, before my foot even hit the floor his hand grabbed my arm.

“where do you think you're going” he said.

“im going to go wee wee” I replied in a cutesy voice.

He then looked at me and said “oh no, I may not be a leprechaun anymore but ive got my pot of gold” tapping on my bladder “and im not losing it....plus i want to see your wet shamrocks”

He pulled me back into bed and I suddenly felt insanely aroused, knowing he wanted to “play” was enough to get me going. I went back to wiggling whilst he went back to rubbing my bladder. Each stroke of his fingers across my bladder caused it to squeeze and make me feel like I was about to leak and each time that happened waves of pleasure went shooting through my clit. He looked over at my tea on the table and said “you're tea is going cold”.

"i know, but if I drink it I will wet myself” I replied.

“well I wont allow you to wee until you have drunk it” he replied, winking at me.

I picked up the cup and began to drink, each sip making my bladder jump and jolt as if in protest of the extra liquid it knew was coming. I drank half and had to stop, I felt like at any moment I was going to wet myself. I didnt want to drink the rest of it but I knew once I did I would be able to release the contents of my aching bladder and with that thought in mind I set about finishing it. I downed the reaming contents of the cup in one and moaned out as my bladder screamed at me, begging me to have mercy on it. I put my cup down and looked at him with pleading eyes. He looked back at me...

“what?” he asked me.

“ive finished my tea, can I go wee wee now”

“not yet” he replied.

“but...but, you said once I had drunk my tea I could go.

“no, I said you cant wee until you have drunk it, I never said you can wee straight away after drinking it” he said winking.

I moaned in shock, I could have drank it slowly, I could have gone steady, instead I downed it thinking I would get relief. “when can I go wee wee then” I asked him, looking at him with puppy dog eyes.

“hmmm, lets see” he replied “i assume you last went just before work yesterday, which was about 12 ish, so on that basis you can go after 12 when you hit 24 hours.

I looked at the time...11:13....oh god, 47 minutes, I seriously doubted I could hold it that long, I was on the verge of exploding as it was. I begged him to let me go but he just shook his head. The only saving grace I had was he didn't want me to do anything. Sometimes when he dominates me he has me doing all sorts of things and not allowing me to cross my legs or grab myself, but today he didn't want any of that, he just wanted me to hold. So I lay down on the bed and concentrated on holding. I was loving the feeling of my full bladder and just the fact I was being made to hold it was making me aroused as hell.

I reached half past 11 and although I was absolutely bursting and I felt like any moment I would start spurting into my knickers I was confident I would be able to hold it, mainly due to the fact I could do anything to help, crossing, wiggling, rubbing it was all helping immensely. I should have known things would get worse as he was just sat there watching me, I just thought he was being nice. Ten minutes later I was starting to doubt my ability to hold it, my bladder was pushing like crazy but my wee hole was putting up a good fight, not letting anything escape. Just when I thought things were going well he told me to stand up. I shakily stood up, the moment my body stood upright I almost lost it. I went into mad dancing mode with my legs rubbing together and my hand jammed against my wee hole. I kept glancing at the time, urging the clock to go faster....15 minutes to go....i can do it, I can do it. At least that’s what I kept telling myself.

Suddenly my bladder squeezed big time and I dribbled a little into my knickers. My hand was covering the wet patch and he couldn't see but he obviously noticed something in my body language because he asked me to move my hands. I slowly moved them away revealing the little patch of wee on the front of my knickers. He looked at it and shook his head....

“that's very naughty, you shouldn't have done that”.

“i know, I cant help it, im so bursting and my bladder is about to bust” I replied, dancing about like crazy.

“well for that I’m going to have to revoke your privileges....you are no longer able to use your hands to hold”.

I looked at him in shock protesting, saying I needed the use of my hands to hold it,without them I wouldn't last. He said I had to do it for being a naughty girl. Being called a naughty girl sent shivers through my clit and made me leak some love juice into my already wet knickers. I removed my hands and immediately I thought I was going to lose it, I wanted nothing more than to grab myself again but I resisted. Not having my hands there to help was torture for my wee hole. I tried to hold it back but before I could do anything a leak escaped making my wet patch bigger.

I hoped he hadn't seen but no sooner had it happened I was told that crossing my legs was no longer allowed. I was in trouble, not being able to cross my legs would inevitably mean I would leak more, which would then result in some other punishment. I prayed I could hold and slowly uncrossed my legs. Before I even had them fully uncrossed I leaked again. This time the leak went straight through my knickers and ran down the inside of my leg. He watched the wee make it's way down my leg all the way to my feet and shook his head once again. He looked at me and then said “open your legs”.

I looked at him, hoping I had misheard him. He said it again and no matter how much I protested he kept telling me to do it. I shakily spread my legs open, my weehole screamed at me to close them again. I opened them as wide as I could and within seconds I started to lose control. I spurted into my knickers and again...and again. I jammed my hand back against my wee hole to regain control, which I managed to do but now I was doomed, I was about to wet myself, the only thing stopping the flood from escaping was my finger.

He told me to move my hand away and I said if I did I would lose it. He then told me to come and lay on the bed which I did, almost weeing as I did. He then took my hand and moved it away. Immediately it started spurting out and he told me to stop, I said I couldn't without my hand and he said if that was the case he would have to stop it for me. He stuck his hand inside my knickers and pushed his finger against my wee hole. I moaned out, partly from the relief of having something plug my wee hole again but mostly the feeling of his fingers touching me was amazing.

I looked at the time, 4 minutes to go, I knew I could hold it, at least I could in the present situation. However he then decided to play once again with his pot of gold. He ran his fingers over my bulge which sent shivers running through it, causing it to squeeze and push pee down my urethra.

He kept doing this over and over and I ended up with the most amazing feeling of pleasurable pain I had ever experienced. His actions were making my bladder push its content down my urethra only to find its passage blocked. It was squeezing out around his finger at a very slow pace, much slower than it wanted to and that was sending waves of painshooting through me but the pain was insanely pleasurable and with each stroke across my bladder and the sensations that followed I slowly edged closer to orgasm. He obviously noticed, I'm guessing my moaning and facial expressions gave it away, as he moved his thumb up onto my clit and began slowly rubbing it in circles.

I was now caught in a cycle. He stroked across my bladder which sent wee rushing towards my wee hole, which then couldn't get out and sent waves of pain coursing through me which I found pleasurable which caused my clit to throb which was now being stroked. The whole world dissolved around me, the only two feelings in the world at that moment was the overwhelming need to release my bladder and the desire for orgasm. I looked at the clock it was 12:00. I expected him to either let me pee or come up with some other challenge for me but what he did next was the most wonderfully orgasmic ecstatic feeling I have ever experienced. He continued to stroke my bladder and rub my clit. I could feel my orgasm edging closer and closer.

Then it happened, my orgasm started, I began to moan out, expecting the wonderful feeling of warmth and pleasure running through my body, mixed with the equally wonderful feeling of my bladder releasing and soaking my knickers. The feeling of warmth began to spread as I edged towards climax. I reached the peak of pleasure and time seemed to stop, I lay there on the very edge for what seemed like eternity, then suddenly my orgasm hit hard and rocked my body. I lay back writhing and moaning as the pleasure surged through me, but something was wrong, something was different, something felt really good.

Then I realised although I had hit orgasm he still hadn't moved his finger. The force of my orgasm was making my bladder release its contents but its contents had nowhere to go. The feeling of me pee pushing hard against my wee hole but having nowhere to go hurt like hell, but in the grip of orgasm it was the single greatest feeling in the world. As I reached the end of my orgasm and the waves of pleasure began to subside I thought I was spent, then suddenly he moved his finger and I exploded the contents of my bladder all over my shamrocks.

The feeling of my bladder emptying coupled with the relief from the pain was unbelievable. I felt his fingers still stroking against my bulge as it deflated and the tingling it caused was bringing me to another orgasm. I edged closer and closer and I was about to cum again when the flow slowed down and I finally emptied my bladder. Now I was bursting on something else. I was teetering on the edge of orgasm but now the feeling of my bladder emptying had gone I was moving away from the edge. I moved my hand down to push myself over but it was moved away by his hand. I begged him to let me touch my throbbing clit, rub it until I exploded with orgasm, but he just smiled and shook his head.

I flopped back onto my pillow, gripped in the feeling of pleasure, wishing I could make myself orgasm. I had just about given up on the idea when out of nowhere I felt his tongue flicking against my clit through my soaked knickers. Before I even had chance to register what was happening I hit orgasm and sprayed love juice all over my knickers, soaking them even more.

After it was over I could only lay there, panting and moaning, unable to move, unable to speak. After shocks of pleasure kept hitting my tired body and I could only lay there and let it happen. Eventually they stopped and I found strength from somewhere. I sat up and looked down. I was sat in a puddle of a mixture of wee and love juice in what was now very wet see through knickers.

I then felt it only fair to return the favour and slipped off my wet knickers and used them to stroke against his now raging hard cock and within seconds he added his own fluids to the ever growing puddle. We then engaged in some very kinky, messy sex in my wee wee puddle. Which when we completed that act we went to clean off and ended up getting kinky in the shower.

So all in all it was a good day :p

FIN

Hope you all enjoyed, all comments whether lovely or criticism are welcome, I love knowing what you guys think....

Gemmy :D xxxx <3 <3

