Public bedwetting

Author: Guest thechickeniscold

*000*2012-12-27 04:03

You're probably thinking "how in the hell...?", but hear me out.

A little while back I used to rent an apartment downtown. It was a pretty crappy place, but it was near all the bars and nightlife which was nice. Anyway, being such a craphole, there was a fairly high tennant turnover. As a result, people were always leaving old furniture and junk by the dumpsters.

One night as I was taking out the trash, something caught my eye. Someone had tossed an old futon! It was still assembled with the mattress in place and everything!

Now this was around the time when I started taking my wetting games outside of the bathroom and began venturing out of the privacy of my apartment so I just knew I had to take advantage of this. I spent the next few hours both slowly getting desperate and psyching myself up for what was to come.

By around 2am I could barely sit still, both from desperation and excitement. I decided it was now or never! I hopped in the elevator and hit the button for the ground floor. My overly full bladder seemed to amplify every bump and jerk from the rickety elevator and I was fighting not to have an accident right there.

The elevator landed with a thud causing me to frantically grab my crotch to prevent me from losing it. I made my way out to the parking lot and to the dumpsters while glancing around for any witnesses. No one around except for some people on the bar patio down the street and there's no way they'd be able to see. Perfect!

I threw myself onto the futon and layed on my side pretending to sleep. After a few seconds I finally let my bladder relax. Maybe it was nerves or just knowing I shouldnt be wetting the bed but nothing came out at first. That only lasted a few seconds though! It started as a slow trickle but soon enough I was wetting full force into my pants. I felt it begin to pool in my underwear, then my pants, down my my legs and about half way up my shirt before the matress couldn't hold any more and i heard it dripping through onto the pavement.

Finally I was empty. I just layed there for a minute, completely soaked and feeling great, just relishing what I had just done. I got up, surveyed the damage, and feeling very satisfied with myself, huried back inside to "finish things up".

