Soaked my Bambino in front of my date`s parents.

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-08-31 20:30

As the title suggests, a few days ago was my first time trying Bambino Classico diapers.

I was on a first date with a guy who I met on Fetlife. I like him, but I don't think it's really going to go beyond the friend level. Anyway, we were driving around and first we went to the park. It was a Saturday afternoon, so it was pretty busy, with lots of kids running around, and even a birthday party. I didn't care and I proceeded to play and regress. He was a little more shy about it and just mostly stood off to the side and trailed behind. He's more of a middle than a little, anyway; I'm definitely a little.

Then we went to go eat at Sonic. He kept telling me he still had diapers for me in his backpack if I wanted to use them. I was still "little," and I said I didn't know how to put them on. He said he would help me. We finished eating and drove around a bit. Eventually we settled on going to Target since they have a family bathroom, which is basically a single handicapped stall on its own. I stood against the wall as he put my diaper on and I giggled at how helpless and infantile I felt. I'm into that, though.

I looked in the mirror and the diaper bulge was huge! I was wearing semi-loose white shorts and a green graphic tee. The shorts did nothing to hide the diaper, and nor did the shirt, as it was kind of long, but nowhere near long enough. The bulge was bad enough, but even the babyish print showed through my white shorts. I kept my head down as we walked out of the store.

Next we headed toward another park that was mostly empty. He still wouldn't play with me, but I played on the playground! That was kind of hard with the huge diaper between my legs. It was hot and I was getting really, really thirsty. I'd drank some water beforehand, but that was getting to be a few hours prior, and I had sweated most of it out playing. We got back in his truck and we went to a grocery store. We got two apples (he was concerned about my rustling so he had me hold the plastic bag) and also a case of bottled waters.

Once in the truck, he got us each two bottles of water and he proceeded to down both of his in about two minutes. Following his lead, I did the same, but I stopped there because I got a tummyache and had to sip most of the last one. While I sipped slowly, he chugged a third. We sat in the parking lot and talked for a while, unsure where to go or what to do. We each drank about two more bottles of water during that time.

Then, we decided to go to yet another park. When we were looking for a good place to park, he hit a curb and completely blew his tire. He got really angry and panicked. I got a little scared too, mostly just because I don't like when people yell. He called his mom who agreed to come bring him a spare tire and also the tools to change it.

While we were waiting, we sat by the truck and each drank two or three more water bottles. I had dribbled in my diaper, but still hadn't peed a lot. I was nervous because I knew his parents would be coming soon, but didn't want to take the diaper off because it was barely wet. Just as I was starting to really need to go, and was peeing every five minutes or so (those water bottles finally caught up to me!) his parents pulled up in the parking lot.

I was polite and shook their hands but then immediately resigned to staying behind the other side of the truck bed as them, the most I could. I was peeing dribbles almost constantly as the water hit my system, and was kind of afraid to take the diaper off now, for fear of an accident. All the while, this Bambino was holding up great, but it was bulging and swelling up hugely. This thing was ENORMOUS in my pants. I'm sure it was clearly visible. It must have seemed standoffish and awkward to stay behind the truck bed that way, but what other choice did I have?

Finally, an hour or so later, the tire was changed and he was going to take me home, a mile away, so I changed too. I took off the diaper in the park bathroom which had almost reached its limit. I took a couple pictures, which I took with my phone and I'm having trouble connecting it to USB right now, so I'll post those as replies in a little bit. There are two pictures I took alone really quickly in the bathroom, and one he and I took together in the park while we were waiting for his parents. Even in that picture, you can see how much my diaper is bulging, and it's barely wet. Imagine how it must have looked with the aftermath of six bottles of water.

*002*2015-08-31 20:45

*003*2015-08-31 21:47

*006*2015-09-01 00:18

{{ 

Wow what an adventure. You are being safe meeting people right? Sounds like a second date might be in the cards?

}}

I'm going to see him again, sure, but I don't think we're going to "date." We're going to this "littles and middles" event next weekend. I'm excited to meet some new littles. I'll be sure to catch everyone up on that as well.

{{ 

Awesome pictures! Thanks for posting for sure! :)

}}

Thank you!

