A jumbled writing of my recent public wetting in London

Author: warmsuprize

*000*2015-09-04 10:24

I'm sat here in that depressive state that always comes when I piss myself in public. It did happen in London yesterday. And now I feel both worthless and degraded but also more free and some feeling of achievement.

I hadn't gone all day and it was like a slow but deep pressure building up. I went to the Brunel gallery in Euston which was an exhibition of the missionaries in the pacific and the articles they brought back. That was interesting.

I didn't drink much, just a red bull. I went to Soho to find a pub. I knew a beer would set things going. I wanted to be caught short because I was still a bit unsure and of course, not knowing London very well, if I couldn't find a toilet it would "happen" in spite of me.

So I realized after standing behind someone at the bar how expensive the prices were. I rushed, getting very desperate by now, over to Green Park and bought some cans of beer and sat in the park. I sat and drank, reading my book, not much longer after opening the second can I had to get up and leave.

My walking from here was just guesswork from previous times I've been to London. I had a general idea of where I was going but couldn't stop to read the maps on the posts for too long, I can't bear to stand still when I'm this desperate.

I walk past the Queen's guards and think, "get to the river". Parliament is before that and I'm worrying about genuinely wetting myself there and thinking, (apart from a pissy protest) not a good place for it to happen.

I succeed, although I've leaked a bit along the way. A bit before I got to parliament I had leaked and my crotch warm and clingy. It didn't show, my jacket covered it. It didn't matter though.

In the end, as I was walking up the river, I did it. I wanted it to be an accident. That happened a few months back where I was walking through a main street and my bladder just give up. This time I let it happen. I stood and acted busy while pee ran down my jeans like black crayons across blue denim. Then I walked.

It was weird. I didn't get the satisfaction. I didn't like it and wanted to teleport home straight away. As I walked, I think I heard some boys in a van giving me abuse. I could handle that. I blanked most males and occasionally gave eye contact to women. I'm aspergers so eye contact is a difficult thing for me but sometimes when I have my safety blanket (that is, my wet jeans on), I am more confident. I think I pushed myself a bit far on this public wetting.

The reason I wet at the river was because I knew there was a toilet once I took a left turn so far down. I got there but the toilet was shut. My greatest fear and absolute joy mixed together as I had to walk to find a toilet. In fact, I couldn't find one. I got lost and it took me a while to find the tube. I got confused on them and had to catch a few to get me to where I wanted. Loads of people saw me. I wet once more on the tube station and what was once a faded pee stain became as stark as a silhouette. I didn't pee on the tube because I didn't want my pee upsetting others, even though I was desperate in the way that when you hold for ages, you need to go more than once. That time though I waited for the toilet because I was thinking of my trainers.

The woman to my left and the boy to my right were having looks though. And when they did, I'd slightly make it easier for them to see. In the streets, walking at the same pace as everyone else, if sometimes faster, I heard a few but very little comments. Some looks of wrinkled noses but I'm sure one woman gave me the up and down with a mischievous eye.

I found Waterloo station in the end and got changed in the toilet. I took a few pictures in the toilet which aren't very good. I've seen a couple of clips of some German guy who approached these women and asked them to video him while he peed himself. He said it was a dare he had to do and they did it though he only wet a bit. I'd love to have that confidence. It's weird because sometimes most people don't really care at all, most of it is in our own prejudices. Can't believe I pissed myself in London. I've got to do it again.

*002*2015-09-06 09:01

Thank you Dronz

*004*2015-09-09 10:03

Thank you Mikisit

