Anecdotes of my ex - Arriving late

Author: gus74

*000*2013-05-06 04:58

The next story happened a year after the previous one. In the meantime she peed herself for me a few times, but none of them were "real" accidents, just me making her hold it while she was doing the dishes or we were watching a movie or whatever, until she couldn't hold it anymore.

This particular night she went out with some friends, while I stayed at home with our little daughter. I don't have anything wrote about it, so I don't remember all the details, just that it was past midnight and I was sleeping when something awoke me. It was the sound she was making while fumbling trying to open the door.

In the house we were living at that time there was a short hallway after the front door (with the kitchen's door at one side), then the main room and a small hall leading to the two bedrooms and the bathroom. The bedrooms were opposite to the main room, and the bathroom was at the same side as our bedroom, so lying in the bed I had a direct view to the path leading from the front door to the bathroom.

I was half awoke when she opened the door and went inside. I heard her call my name, so I got out of bed to see what was going on.

Since she used to drink a lot when going out with her friends, I took the camera that always kept at hand in those cases hopping for the best. And man I was right to hope.

From my point of view in the bed I was surprised that I didn't see her passing hobbling throw the hall into the bathroom. When I got up and got to the hall I knew why. She was standing just inside the hall, a few steps from the bathroom, obviously drunk, leaning against a wall emptying her bladder into her jeans and laughing about it!

I took some pictures of the moment. Here you have them, enjoy.

