A present from my girlfriend

Author: blueswag

*000*2011-12-08 03:11

Hello again everybody. I would like to share something awesome with you tonight. (There is a present at the end)

My girlfriend decided that she wanted to have a little "wet fun" ;) with me one night. She actually suggested it! Let me tell you that really made me feel good; I am always worried when I have a girlfriend that she may find me weird or disgusting so the fact that she was willing to be interested was fantastic. So without further or do, my story.

My girlfriend asked me if I wanted to try something new one night. I asked her what she wanted to do and to my surprise she said she wanted to do something with my fetish. So after convincing her to put on my favorite tight pair of jeans she owns, we began to start getting her ready. She started with a large ice tea. Then had a bottle of water. I have to say it was a huge turn on to watch this in real life. It did not stop there either. We actually decided on a bit of a scenario to make the situation a little more interesting.

We went to our local walgreens and purchased a role of hot pink duck tap. After she finished off another bottle of water, we decided to role play. I blindfolded her and duck taped her to the computer chair I sit in now. :wub: Then I "forced" her to drink another iced tea. (As an aside we discovered I need much more practice in being a dominator. :( ) But oh well ,it was still awesome. We kept going having fun, me playing with her awesome boobs and her being forced to do "sexual things" haha. Eventually she lost it and peed a ton all over my chair and the floor. I tried to setup trash bags to catch it but that did not work. Oh well, cleaning up the mess was more than worth the best peeing experience of my life.

The last thing I want to add is two photos that me and my girlfriend took of the aftermath. If you can believe it she actually is really excited for me to put these pictures on here.Who knew she was such an exhibitionist. :D TO MY GIRLFRIEND, when you see this (I know you lurk on here) THANK YOU.

*010*2011-12-20 23:41

Thank you everyone for the comments, I am glad you enjoyed the story. My girlfriend thanks you as well. If we continue to do more stuff I will try to keep you updated.

