Movie Theater Panic

Author: colbysaur

*000*2014-03-03 23:34

This one is a much more recent experience. Probably about two months ago.

After a long sleepover full of video games, eating hot pockets, and telling numerous sex jokes, morning arrived and my friends and I decided to go out to the movie theater. I was going to object until my best friend Sarah agreed to come along, a girl who I've had a crush on for seven years.

For some reason, the movie everyone wanted to see was some sappy chick-flick that I've long forgotten the title of. One of the guys in the group and I objected, but the other three didn't even bother to listen, so we just had to suck it up.

The first thirty minutes were fine. I was gulping down a large soda while my friend Matt was shoveling popcorn and M&M's down his throat. Sarah was sitting to the left of me, occasionally glancing over at me before returning her focus to the movie.

After a little while, I felt a small twinge in my bladder, telling me that I should go to the restroom soon. The only thing was that I have a major problem with public restrooms. I always hated going there, so I decided I would try to make through the end of the movie.

After minutes passed, waiting seemed like less of an option as my need rapidly increased. I was fidgeting in my seat and pressing my thighs together. It wasn't too bad however, but I'd probably have to relieve myself in a little while.

Not even a minute later and my need skyrocketed. I was crossing my legs tightly and fidgeting. I wanted to jam my hands between my legs, but I couldn't make it obvious that I had to use the restroom.

"Are you okay?" Sarah asked. I blushed, nodding as she turned her attention back to the movie. I tried to keep still, but it was harder to do so when my bladder was screaming at me.

After another twenty minutes, it began to get unbearable.

"I have to pee," I whispered to her, feeling the heat rise to my cheeks.

"Do you need to go right this second?" she asked as she knew of my little problem.

"I guess it's better than flooding the theater," I replied. She and I got up from our seats and walked out into the hallways.Just my luck, there was a line outside the ladies restroom. I mentally groaned, joining the back of the line.

Twenty minutes later and the line hadn't moved one bit. I was probably at my breaking point, but I tried what I could to not look desperate. I wasn't a fan of the other women staring at me.

I sighed in annoyance, seeing that at this rate I'd be better off just wetting myself right there.

I waited another fifteen minutes, the line moving only a few people.

Oh my god! How long does it take for them to take their freaking selfies?!

Before I knew it, I was at the front of the line. I was shaking as I kept my legs crossed tightly. Even the slightest amount of pressure and I'd lose it. It was impossible to stand upright. I had to unzip the fly of my jeans, which were already way too tight on me. However, it didn't help one bit. I wanted to hold myself to help with my tired muscles, but I was too embarrassed to do so.

I heard the toilet flush and that was it for me. My bladder spasmed and a jet of pee just straight out of me. I couldn't stop it. It soaked through my jeans and shoes, puddling around me on the floor. My face turned beet red, the ladies behind me whispering to one another or snickering at me. I rushed into the empty stall, trying to cool myself down.

"I'll be back," Sarah whispered to me. I used the toilet paper to dry my jeans, with no such luck. After what felt like an eternity, Sarah returned, knocking on the door of the stall.

"Come on," she said, "I'll take you to my house. I told the others you puked."

"My jeans are soaked," I said as quietly as I could, though it was confirmed that others heard me as I heard more snickering.

"Take my jacket," she said, sliding her jacket under the door. I wrapped it around my waist and slowly opened the door of the stall. I was relieved to see that nobody was looking at me and we made our way out of the theater, me partially hiding behind Sarah.

"You're being way too cute," she giggled, me blushing even brighter. We arrived at her house, where I cleaned up and she lent me a pair of her jeans. I spent the night over, where I found out that she and I shared our omorashi fetish.

Ladies and gentlemen, my girlfriend of six weeks :D

*003*2014-03-04 15:52

{{: 

You are soooooo lucky to have found someone else into it! I've never really had the guts to tell anyone about it, much less my girlfriends haha...How did it come about that she told you she was into it?

}}

She and I were having a discussion and we got onto the topic of fetishes where she confessed to me that she had an omorashi fetish. A few days later I confessed the same thing

