Mother-in-law on the train

Author: Pedro1331

*000*2015-09-22 19:03

Good evening all,

I've had the fortune of witnessing several genuine wetting accidents due to working in a nightclub, having a fiancee with an incredibly small bladder and various other bits of fortune. However, I have seen one person have more wettings than most and that happens to be my mother-in-law, the first of which happened to be on a train.

Myself, my mother-in-law (Mags), my fiancee (Fee), and her much younger brother (Eli), were going to Bristol to see a show at the Hippodrome. Normally, I would have driven, but some considerate soul decided to reverse into the side of my car so it was at the body shop, so we thought that we would make a day of it and catch the train, do some sight seeing and have a bite to eat.

Mags is in her early 40's, she's about 5'7", slightly larger than average, and a mid length dark brown bobbed haircut and glasses. She was wearing dark navy jeans, a white top with red floral print and a cardigan as it was slightly chilly. She has a massive coffee addiction and is always asking for a coffee break, which happened to work out to my advantage this day.

So, we all walk to the nearest train station which takes about 15 minutes and look at the time table on the screen, our train happens to be in 10 minutes. "Give me a few minutes guys, just grabbing a coffee for the train". Mags goes off to the coffee shop and brings herself a large americano for the journey which takes about 45 minutes. About 15 minutes into the journey, Fee pops off to the loo as she is starting to fidget, myself, Eli and Mags all have a little chuckle at her expense, and I promptly fall asleep.

I was awoken about half an hour later by Eli, "we're here! we're here!". He was only 8 at the time, so he was bound to be excited, he rarely went on trains and it was his first time to the theater. I think we were going to see Shrek the musical, or something else similarly child friendly. Upon arrival, the first stop was the coffee shop, again to get another large coffee for Mags. It was 1:30, and she had already consumed more coffee by then than I do most weeks. "Fancy some grub yet? I'm getting hungry. There is an all you can eat place up here that's quite good".

My suggestion was quite a welcome one, especially by Eli, he's always been a massive eater. So we headed to the restaurant, got seated and all began eating large quantities of food. The main reason I like this place is because you get free refills on your drinks, which is ideal as the food is incredibly salty. Its a multi national all you can eat, they have Indian food, Chinese food, British classics, TexMex, Italian and so forth. So after several hours of binge eating, I really need to pee after 3 large cokes, in fact, we all need to pee. We all go to the toilet, everyone except for Mags. She's had 5 coffees and 2 cokes today and not even a sign of fidgeting. At this point my curiosity gets much more curious.

We leave the restaurant and decide that since we have 3 hours until the show starts, we should walk of lunch and see some sights. So we head off around the harbor side, walk up through the city center, see some sights, the usual touristy stuff, and then head back to the theater to collect our tickets. At this point, in the lobby, Mags is bouncing up and down with legs crossed and her thighs rubbing together, "Wait for me until you get seated, I'm absolutely bursting for a wee!", she exclaimed. Off she ran to the nearest toilet and 15 minutes she returns. "That was close! The line was so long I nearly wet myself!".

At the sound of her nearly wetting herself, I was solid in my jeans. Walking with my hand in my pockets to hide any visible signs of my arousal, we were ushered to our seats. At this point, all focus from myself on the play is completely gone. All i did from this point is count drinks. During the first half of the musical, Mags consumed 2 large glasses of wine, during the interval she consumed 2 more, and in the final half she had 3 more. 7 glasses of wine in all! She was drunk. Not just a little drunk, but needed help to walk drunk.

As the show finished, we all quickly left the building and hailed the nearest taxi, Eli laughing at his mother the entire way, "I've never seen you drunk before mum, its REALLY funny!". So the taxi drops us off at the train station and we help Mags through the barrier and to a seat. I go for a quick scout out and find that out train is on the opposite platform in 5 minutes. Excellent.

Myself and Fee quickly scurry Mags to the next platform, "But I really need a wee!". Mags again protests, but I tell her she will have to hold it until we're on the train as there is no way I am missing it, the next one isn't for over an hour. My plan worked perfectly, only 3 carriages, which means no toilets. Fortunately the train is quiet this evening, just the four of us and half a dozen people on this carriage, so we take a booth with a table and 4 seats as the train pulls away from the station. By now, Mags is visibly desperate and fidgeting in her seat.

"Excuse me, can you tell me which way the toilet is?", Mags asked the ticket collector. "Sorry, love, you just missed it, it was at the train station". Mags turned white. She started to sweat. She was bouncing in the chair. It was at this point that Eli, comical genius in the making, decided to steal Mags glasses and do an impression of Gok Wan. There was a pause. Then a smirk. Then a roar of laughter coming from our table. We were all in stitches. And as the laughter died, the faint sound of dripping and a hiss were heard. We all looked at Mags, and she had turned from white to a deep, burning red. I could feel the heat from her cheeks from opposite the table. A small stream was running down the train carriage and the dark material of her jeans was growing even darker.

"I was bursting, I'm sorry...".

And that, was the first wetting incident I saw. Enjoy.

