Gaming Desperation

Author: Squirmar

*000*2013-07-09 21:26

So, this is a follow up on another post of mine >w< Replies are appreciated! :3

Holding my piss while gaming!

The game in question? Super Mario Galaxy :3

So what did I do?

Well I began with setting up everything :3 I was wearing a white t-shirt, tight yoga pants, and green bikini panties. I already drank three glasses of water beforehand, and I was already a tad desperate.

So, the game started and I began playing. I was already squeezing my legs together quite tightly and I had a hard time focusing on the game because...Well...I had to piss. My naughty side also showed, because every time the Wii-remote vibrated I just couldn't help myself but to press it on my crotch and feel that lovely buzzing <3

One thing I did from the beginning on was pushing on my bladder now and then. Really, it made me squirm and squeak because I had to pee soooo much O///O

As fate would have it, I ended up on the level "Heavy-Metal Mecha Bowser" in the Toy Time Galaxy. For those of you who don't know, it's a level where you use the "spring" ability a lot. Mario turns into a spring and bounces up and down.

A suggestion I got earlier was to make moves that go along with the game. For the spring ability, it was me bouncing up and down in my chair.

So there I was, trying to play a game, bouncing up and down. But then...I felt something. My bikini panties suddenly got damp. I instantly slipped my hand into my yoga pants. Aaaaand yes. A wet patch on my bikini panties. I shrugged it off. I didn't let go -everything- ;3

I didn't realise I was softly rubbing my pussy while my hand was in there, tho! I snapped out of my trance and pulled my hand out, and continued the game. Or rather, -tried- to continue. I was squirming the whole time!

Another spurt! This time I squealed when it came out as I jammed my left hand between my legs and squeezed my crotch. I could feel the wetness on my pants now! For the rest of the game I decided to go easy: Laying back, with my legs spread ;3 While executing the last suggestion I had received: I placed a bottle of ice-cold water on my bladder.

I was gaming on, and I was doing pretty well! However...After a few minutes I noticed something. My pants suddenly felt a lot more damp! I looked down at my crotch and I saw that I peed QUITE a lot! A large wet patch had formed on my crotch! I reached down with my left hand again, removing the bottle from my bladder before I slipped my hand into my pants again, cupping my crotch.

It was still warm, meaning I peed myself not too long ago. It turned me on VERY much. I squeezed my crotch a few times before running two fingers up and down my labia, letting out another (accidental) spurt of pee. I jammed my legs together, -knowing- I had to hold it! My fingers continued to rub my pussy through my bikini panties, and I eventually ended up rubbing over my clit.

I was growing more desperate and barely could hold it! I was squirming in my seat, rubbing my clit, as a few more spurts of pee squirted out and darkened my pants further. I squealed again as I tried to hold everything in, dropping the wii-remote to jam both hands between my legs. I already felt that the spurts had developed into a soft stream and I couldn't stop: I was wetting myself.

My legs were still spread wide as the pee gushed out of me. I slipped me left hand into my panties to rub over my pussy as I peed, my right hand stroking up and down over my belly, eventually going up to play with my breasts.

As soon as I stopped peeing, I jammed my fingers inside of my pussy and fingered myself to another -great- orgasm that left me twitching and squeaking <3

I lowered my soaked pants to get a better look at my bikini panties: Completely soaked as well! And I had a -really- nice cameltoe ;3

I continued to just rub over my pussy softly for 10 more minutes before I decided to clean everything up a little :3

And that was it <3

Any thoughts on this experience? :3 Any suggestions of what I can do next to post on this site? :3

Love you all <3

Squirmar :3

*004*2013-07-09 22:02

Thanks for the replies <3 I'll try to make my next wetting just as sexy as this one :3

*006*2013-07-09 22:26

{{:

Trust me, if you're the subject, "sexy" does not sound like an issue.

Still, I'm liking the other suggestions you've been getting. Here's a neat little idea you could try, if you could find. Pick a sports game and side with a team (watch with someone else if you'd like a holding contest).

Come up with a drinking system (varies depending on how easy it is to score) as the game goes on. Once the game (any overtime included) is finished, the one who picked the winning team is allowed to use the bathroom if he/she chooses. loser must wait for either the other's okay, or the first point/play/something of the next sports game on the channel.

Bit much, can certainly take a while, but I think it might be fun.

}}

I'm liking that idea :3

*011*2013-07-10 08:32

{{:

Another one, ever so hot by a new member. I would say welcome to the site, but it seems you are the one laying down the red (er, yellow?) carpet. Keep it up, these are exquisite.

Ever try going to sleep with a very needy bladder?

}}

Oh my gosh >w< There'll be more experiences coming! :3

And yes I have tried that...I woke up peeing 0-0

*015*2013-07-11 21:04

{{:

Amazing ! Wish I could see it in person.

}}

I think many people wish that ;3

*019*2013-07-14 11:37

{{:

Nice story, I peed my panties to playing video games once, but I was playing Little Big Planet on PS3 it was so much fun. lol

P.S I hope you pause the game.......... If not poor Mario. lol

}}

Haha, I did pause the game :3

