This happened to me not an hour ago...

Author: thebeatgoeson22

*000*2014-07-09 05:56

Hey guys, I just wanted to share with you something that just happened to me. No wetting was involved, but definitely desperation and then peeing.

Backstory: When I was 20 and 21 I dated a girl, lets call her Evey. She was 18, later 19, and easily one of the hottest girls I've ever dated, I consider myself lucky to have landed her. I first told her about my fetish (not specifically omorashi, but peeing in general) about 3 weeks in to our relationship. At that point I had gotten over my main shyness about it, and had come up with a relatively gentle way to tell her about it. We were lying in my bed, after some great sex, before some more great sex, talking about stuff. I had warned her, ("You're gonna think I'm super weird...") and I told her. ("Not like, creeper status, hiding in bathrooms and spying, but I just like to see girls pee!") There was silence. ("Oh shit...") Then she laughed nervously and said, "...that IS weird. You're a weirdo." Then she crawled on top of me. A few days later we took a shower together, and she peed on my feet. The day after that, she let me watch her go in the toilet.

Over our roughly two year long relationship, she came to accept it, maybe even like it. It got to the point that she would record herself peeing, sometimes in the toilet, sometimes in the sink, sometimes outside (her favorite- no mess to clean up), sometimes in other random places (cups, pans, her grandma's washing machine...) and send it to me. Once at a party (we were technically broken up, I was actually at the party with another girl I liked) she begged me to come to the bathroom with her and watch. Life was good. She gave me full permission to keep all the pictures and videos I had collected, some from me, some from her, but I'm not allowed to share them, and I still haven't (and won't, sorry everyone). Long story short we did finally break it off completely, she spent a year in another country with another guy, and I thought all was said and done. I still enjoy her pics and vids every so often though.

Recently: I'm 25 now. I had been in a relationship with a girl for about 9 months when we split. I won't bore you with details, but basically, it just wasn't working out. About two weeks after we broke up, Evey sent me a message on facebook about a DVD of hers that she hadn't seen in a while. Sure enough, I had it in my CD case. She came to pick it up, and we ended up talking for a bit, and it came up that we were both single. I sheepishly asked if she would be interested in... er... fooling around a bit. She giggled and said she'd think about it. I didn't touch the subject again, but sure enough, about 10 days later, she expressed her interest.

After the first time we did it (round two, FIGHT!), we began talking about all sorts of things. Including my fetish. She revealed to me that she had actually come to quite like it, but her recent boyfriend, the guy she's been dating since me, thought she was weird and wouldn't indulge her. Poor damn fool. She told me that every time she pees in the shower, she gets excited, and the though of peeing places she shouldn't excites her. Which is, narrowing down, my fetish to a T. Naughty girls intentionally peeing where they shouldn't. Naturally, over the past couple months, we've been casually hooking up, she's been sending me videos again (to die for, by the way. Not to rub it in.), and even been getting in to the idea of drinking a lot (water, booze, etc) and then going around and letting me film her pee. She's not so much in to wetting, but I do have two videos of her wetting her bikini in the bathtub. Anyway- sorry for the long rambling backstory, but this brings us to...

TONIGHT: She came over after her classes, and we got food. On the way home she mentioned coyly that she needed to pee. The perv gears in my head began to turn. We made it home, and lie on my bed for a few minutes before she reminded me very matter-of-factly that she needed to go. She was beginning to get desperate. Me likey. She asked me where she should pee, and being the perv that I am, I gave her two choices: standing, in a glass mug (she was wearing a skirt- convenient), or on a pile of dirty towels in the laundry basket that I was going to wash tonight anyway. She couldn't decide, and informed me that she didn't care where anymore, she just really had to pee! After intentionally dragging the situation out for a few more minutes (i.e. going down on her), I eventually I picked standing in the mug. She removed her panties from under her skirt, and we began to get in position.

She decided she didn't like it, thinking it would get everywhere, and offered that she would sit in my computer chair and I would kneel in front of her and hold the cup (and my 60fps 1080p video cam, obviously). As we were giggling and moving in to position (the light wasn't quite right yet), she told me to hurry up because she really had to go. Right as I gave her the go ahead, her sister called. What divine timing, I thought. I won't expose any details of family goings on, but long story short, she had to have an important conversation with her sister. The whole time, I'm sitting on the floor in front of her, staring stright up her skirt at her shaved, puffy lips, and she begins to bounce her leg. First very subtly. The conversation continued.

She mouthed to me "I have to PEE!" shutting her eyes tight and shaking her head back and forth in a silent scream. Her sister droned on in the backgorund. "Mhmm... Yeah.... I know.... That's ridiculous!... Well, I guess so... No... Mhmm.... Did you tell him that?... What did he say?..." On and on, for 20 minutes at this point. Her legs are now crossed, my view gone (sad face), but her naked bits grinding rhythmicly in to my chair as she struggled to hold her piss in. Both legs are now shaking and bouncing around.

She has made a few more desperate faces to me as she tried desperately to not let on to her younger sister that she was sitting, half naked in front of her ex boyfriend, about to piss in a mug, and she was about to burst. She squeezed her thighs together and thrust her hand in her crotch to hold back longer. After a full 30 minutes (30:06, to be exact), she drove the conversation in to the ground and said her goodbyes. She looked at me and moaned, "Oh my GOSH I have to peeeeee!" 

I smiled. "I changed my mind," I said, "I want you to go on the towels now." She laughed. Hurriedly, she got up and moved over to the laundry basket that I had strategically placed in the middle of the floor surrounded by excellent lighting for video capture. Without even the slightest hesitation, she lifted her skirt, squatted, and released a torrent of hot pee all over my bath towels. You could see the relief in her face as her puffy little slit jetted out her light golden liquid, and I made sure my camera caught every drop. When she was finished, she grabbed my hand and pulled me over to the bed, stripped off her top, and... well, the rest you can imagine I'm quite sure.

