Didn't make it in time

Author: Guest Britney

*000*2013-10-21 18:00

My name is Britney, I'm a 17 year old Icelandic girl with brown hair, brown eyes and I have a really nice body, at least I think I do :3

I have once in my entire life not made it to the bathroom, and that was at a mall, while shopping with my friends.

I was wearing a tank-top, short-shorts, pantyhose and new white panties.

So me, a blonde named Johanna and a girl named Anna were on a shopping trip at the mall. We stopped at a restaurant and had a little to eat. I ordered a big soda and a little burger, I was more thirsty than hungry.

After we had finished up eating we started walking around checking every clothing store we found. After around 20 minutes I felt a little urge to pee, but I was too busy checking out new clothes at that moment. I held it in for a while until I didn't feel the urge anymore and we just kept on shopping. After 10 minutes I felt the urge again, this time 10 times worse than last time.

I told the girls I had to go to the bathroom, but Johanna said "Oh, I need to go too, I'll come with you if you can wait for 5 more minutes, I just need to try out these pants".

I figured I could wait extra 5 minutes, but that was probably the worst choice I could have made. Soon those 5 minutes turned into 15 minutes and by that time I was dying, but I didn't want to be mean and just go, because Johanna really hates going to the bathroom alone, one time she actually had a little accident in her panties, only because she's too embarrassed to go to a bathroom in public alone. I kept my poker face and finally she was done, she took her sweet time finding her size.

We walked to the bathroom and when we were there, ALL of the stalls were occupied. I couldn't wait much longer. Finally a stall opened and I rushed to it, but when I was going to unzip my short-shorts, the zipper was stuck.

I panicked and tried to loosen it for 2-3 minutes and finally I managed to unstuck it. I quickly pulled my short-shorts and pantyhose down, but when I grabbed my panties to pull them down, I felt that I was too late. A big wet yellow spot started to appear on my shining white panties, and there was nothing I could do about it. I stood over the toilet so all the pee leaked from my panties and dripped into the toilet. After I had finished I pulled up my pantyhose and short-shorts, and I had to walk in my wet, pee-stained panties. I wanted to cry, but I held it back.

When we were on our way home from the mall, Anna came up with the idea of going to the pool, since it was really hot outside and we had just bought new swimsuits. My panties had dried up and I had forgotten about the yellow stain so I agreed.

In the car, Johanna asked me why I smelled so funny, and I realized instantly that she was talking about the soft smell of pee that came from my panties. I said I didn't know what she was talking about but she insisted of that I smelled like pee, asking me if I had really made it to the bathroom earlier.

"OF COURSE!" I said, convincingly enough since Johanna backed off and said "Oh, then I guess it's just me, can you not find the smell Anna?"

"Nope, I smell nothing" she responded.

When we were in the locker room, I remembered that my panties were still stained, and I delayed pulling down my short-shorts and pantyhose as long as I could, but then realized I could pull down both my panties and pantyhose at the same time.

When I looked at my panties I noticed another thing! There was a "Skid Mark" in my panties as well. I had no idea when that had appeared, but I was sure it was when I had let out a little air back in the car, apparently it was more than just a fart.

When we were in the hot tub, Johanna said

"I noticed your "Accident", and I want you to know I know how you feel, I also had an accident once, remember?".

"O-oh, you noticed?" I said

"Ya, it was fairly obvious, but it's ok, I won't tell anyone, not even Anna" she said.

Later we got out of the tub and all headed home, but after that "incident" me and Johanna became much closer friends, she used to be more of an acquaintance, but now we are best friends.

A picture of me right before we went to the mall:

