Interrupted Peeing Part 1&2

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-15 11:59

Part 1 - Interrupted Peeing

This isn't a candid sighting but still a sighting non the less, it is about my boyfriends step sister Jenny...and I'm sharing it here because it has to be one of the sexiest sightings I have ever experienced, and it goes a little like this....

It was my boyfriends uncle's birthday and a load of us had gone out into town for the night, as the evening progressed and we made our way round the various pubs and clubs in town the overall number of people dropped until by the end of the night there were only a few of us left. About half 11 we decided to head home as we had been out most of the day. Just before we left the club the girl this story is based on went to the toilet with a few others and we stood and waited outside for them. They came out and the group split off into two groups. Our group consisted of the lot of people that were heading back to our little town and were getting a cab together. We decided the best place to get a cab would be outside the train station at the taxi rank and we set off walking through town. We were at the complete opposite side of town from the station and were taking a nice leisurely stroll in the evening air.

After about 10 minutes of walking Jenny asked if we could take a detour via the bus station and when asked why she said because she wanted to use the toilets.

“but you only went like 10 minutes ago” said my boyfriend's Dad.

“i know but I’ve drunk a lot today” she replied.

We continued walking and cut off to head towards the bus station. With the knowledge that she needed to pee I was watching her intently looking for signs of desperation, but she wasn't showing any and I just assumed she wasn't desperate and just wanted to use the loo's. Then after about 5 minutes I noticed she was walking kinda funny and taking smaller steps. This was when I thought she might be starting to get desperate and just thinking about that got me turned on. One of our group also obviously noticed this and enquired why she was walking funny, actually to quote his exact words “why ya walking like a chuffin penguin”.

“cos I need a wee that's why, hence why I want to go to the bus station and use the toilet”...

“so Im guessing as your walking like that you need to go quite badly” he enquired.

“not really badly but Im getting a bit desperate” she replied.

Just hearing that line sent shivers down my spine, we carried on walking and her walk was becoming more and more “penguin like” which indicated her bladder was filling and she was becoming increasingly desperate. We came round the corner and the bus station was directly in front of us. We crossed the road and a couple of our group were ahead of us and had already wandered round to where the toilets were situated. They suddenly came back round the corner and said “they're not open”....

She stopped dead and said “what....why....oh yeah they shut them after the last bus has gone, aren't any of them open?”

“no there all closed” he replied

Then she proved she was desperate as she said “oh no” and began dancing on the spot.

“its all right, the toilets at the train station will be open, its not far now” said Dad.

“ok come on lets go” she said and we all set off towards the train station. We were walking for about 5 minutes and she suddenly stopped and crossed her legs, “oooo im desperate now” she said and began bobbing up and down and pee dancing. Now half the group found this funny and the other half found it very arousing, some both feelings :p. We carried on walking and she kept stopping and crossing her legs and then carried on, obviously stopping to regain control of her bladder.

After 5 minutes of this routine she stopped and leant on the wall and used her other hand to press her skirt into her crotch. “oh god its bad now, I might not make it to the station” she said and laughed. We then carried on and she did this a few times and then suddenly stopped and said “oh no no no”. We turned round and asked if she was ok and she said “i will be in a second, I nearly lost it then, look”. She then lifted up her skirt and pointed to a little wet patch on her knickers. Seeing this I almost fainted, knowing she was to the point where she was starting to lose control made my knickers wet, but not with pee ;).

She took a few more steps and then said “its no good, I'm not gonna make it, ill have to pee here, if I try to make it I'm gonna have an accident.

“you cant just go right in the middle of the pavement, look go in that shop doorway” said Dad pointing to a nearby shop.

She put her hand up her skirt and hobbled along to the shop and dashed into the doorway, we all stood around the doorway and I obviously couldn't help but watch.....she stood on the spot dancing with her legs crossed and her hand in her crotch apparently afraid to remove it in case she wet herself. After checking the coast was clear we let her know and she quickly pulled down her knickers and squatted and the moment she squatted she began peeing a full force stream and let out a great sigh of relief. Also the moment she squatted a copper came round the corner at the end of the street and saw us and started walking towards us. We turned round and told her to stop as there was a copper and she said “oh god” and with great effort managed to stop the stream and quickly pulled up her knickers and flattened her skirt. Now I would say in total from the moment she started peeing till the moment she had to stop she was going for about 5 seconds.

The copper came over and asked what we were doing and Dad said we were waiting for a taxi as there was a taxi office on the street. He then started chatting to Dad as he knew him. This left Jenny stood in the doorway absolutely bursting to wee but trying not to show it, which I find extremely sexy when a woman tries to hide her desperation. She was stood with her legs tightly crossed and was biting her lip. Every now and then she would let out a little moan and say “come on, hurry up and go”.

By now most of the group were either in conversation with the copper or talking amongst themselves and were not paying attention to Jenny....but I was....oh god I definitely was. She kept biting her lip then all of a sudden she let out a gasp and contorted her legs. I looked down and was amazed to see a little droplet of pee snaking its way down the back of her leg. I watched it run all the way down to her feet, then another little gasp and another droplet began its journey. I went over and asked if she was OK and she whispered “yeah, I'm just busting for a wee and I'm starting to lose control, if that copper doesn't go soon I'm gonna have an accident”..,

I pointed to the streaks on the back of her legs and said “i noticed”.

“oh god no” she exclaimed and a trickle of pee ran down the inside of her legs and a small splash hit the floor “I'm about to wet myself, ooo god I just gottta hold on”. She began squeezing her thighs together and breathing heavy. The copper finished his conversation and said goodnight to us all and went on his way. Once he was out of earshot she blurted out “im wetting myself” and spurts of pee began shooting out from under her skirt.

She somehow regained control and lifted her skirt and put her hand into her knickers and held herself and trapped her hand between her thighs as she crossed her legs. This sight was almost too much for me, I just wanted to stick my hand in my knickers as well, but for other reasons ;). She watched the copper and the moment he turned the corner she moved her knickers to the side and went to squat down again but just as she was about to around the corner which the copper came round came a group of lads and upon seeing them she nearly cried. She put her knickers back in place and resumed her epic pee dance. The noises she were making were so hot it was unbelievable. The lads went to the taxi office across the street and then stood outside obviously waiting for their taxi.

She stood doing everything she could to hold it and suddenly said “oh god I cant wait much longer its coming out” and as she said that pee began running down her legs, then she stopped, then it began again. She kept losing control and regaining control over and over which was the hottest thing ive ever seen, eventually the taxi came and the minute it set off she spread her legs, moved her knickers to the side and let out a torrent...it was like damn niagra falls....and the noise she made sounding like she was having an orgasm.

After what seemed like forever she finished peeing and let out a happy sigh. She then pulled her knickers back and there was a nice big wet pacth on the front and as she knew some of us were omo inclined she turned round and showed off her wet bum which obviously I loved. She then wiped down her legs, pulled her skirt down and carried on walking like nothing had happened :p. We then reached the station and waited in line for a taxi, we slowly moved down the queue of people and as we reached the front and we were next she shocked everyone by announcing that she needed to pee again, which was unbelievable as she just pee'd a frickin river and her reply was “i told you, Ive drunk a lot today”....

Part 2 – All The Desperate Ladies

So this is the second part of the story I posted in the last post. When we left we were stood waiting for a taxi and Jenny had just announced she needed to pee again.....

“how can you need to pee again, you just pee'd a river”

“i know but when I drink a lot I wee a lot” replied Jenny.

I was still reeling from what I had just witnessed, I was so aroused my pussy was throbbing, begging for attention. Now to make matters worse she needed to go again, and with a 20 minute taxi ride home things could get interesting....little did I know how much of an understatement that was.

As there was a few of us we were going to wait for a mini bus but then after 10 minutes waiting we would just get two separate taxis. One showed up a few of us got in leaving the rest of our group waiting for the next one. I was happy to see that Jenny was in my taxi along with two other girls from our group and my boyfriend's brother. We were all going back to my house to continue the party and we gave the driver the location and we set off.

We were driving along and as it was late at night the roads were dead meaning we had a clear run. All the while I noticed Jenny was wiggling her legs and realised she must have been getting desperate again. This turned me on like crazy and it didn’t help that she was sat opposite me and I could see straight up her skirt to her wet knickers, the fabric of which was sticking to her giving me a glorious view of her pussy. I couldn’t help but sit there staring at it imagining her wee hole twitching as she tried to hold on to her flood. I was suddenly snapped out of my trance by my phone going off. It was my boyfriend telling me they had just got a taxi and were on their way home.

15 mins into the journey we were almost home and I was still transfixed by Jenny's wiggling, her movements sending wave after wave of horniness surging through me. She then suddenly piped up and said...

“im glad were nearly there, I really need to wee again”

To which the other two replied “yeah us too, seeing you pee like that earlier made us need to go and now we are getting quite desperate”.

I couldn’t believe it, I was sat in a taxi with three beautiful women that all needed to pee, the realisation of this almost made my pussy explode with pleasure. It was then I noticed the other two had their legs crossed. The remainder of my journey was spent watching these three women jiggling and wiggling as they grew increasingly desperate.

The taxi pulled up outside my house and we all got out, the others walked up my drive to the front door as I walked round to the drivers window to pay him the fare. I then turned round and began walking up my drive and noticed that all three women were doing a little pee dance.

“come on Gem, hurry up, we need to pee”

I then had a realisation, a realisation that worked in my favour, one that they wouldn't like.

“i dont have any keys guys, Matty has them”. This was true, I never take keys with me on a night out, I never even take a bag. They all looked shocked at this news and then realised I was being serious and had to wait for Matty.

“i hope he's not long”.... “i hope they're nearly here”. With each sentence they spoke, coupled with their movements was making me hornier and hornier by the second. After 5 mins Jenny was doing a major pee dance and was obviously bursting and struggling to hold on. Then she shocked us all by suddenly saying...

“oh well, my knickers are already wet, it wont matter if they get more wet”...she then proceeded to walk over to the wall, lift her skirt and begin peeing through them. She let out a great sigh of relief as she pee'd. This was torture for the other two and they began grabbing themselves and moaning. When she finally finished peeing she put her skirt down and sighed happily. She came back over to us and noticed the other two pee dancing and in a cheeky tone said “ oh sorry, did I make it worse”.

“YES. Watching you pee has made us more desperate” said one of the pair.

“oopsie” said Jenny with a wry little smile on her face.

I was stood wide eyed. I had just watched this girl wet herself for the second time, and now I had two other girls pee dancing on my doorstep....i thought I had died and gone to heaven. Whenever I thought they werent looking I sneakily rubbed my aching pussy through my skirt, giving it the attention it craved. After a few minutes of watching them dance about the other taxi rolled up and everyone piled out. They all came up the drive and Jade (one of the desperate women) said “where’s matty, where’s matty”.

“he's paying the driver, why what’s the big concern” said my Dad.

“Us two” she said pointing at Lucy “us two need to pee quite badly and matty has the keys to get in”

“so do I” said Michelle and I looked to see her hopping from foot to foot. Another one to watch, I didnt think I could take much more, too many desperate women at once, my pussy was going to explode :p.

Matty then came up the drive and came to the door, he fished in his pocket for his keys and pulled them out. As he did Michelle said “im using the toilet first, im busting for a pee”....

To which Jade replied “so am I, and we were here before you so im going first”

I then decided to burst their bubble (no pun intended :p) by claiming quite loudly “i think you will find im going first, its my house and im first”. They all looked at me shocked and then said “fair enough”.

Matty put the key in the door and then stopped looking confused, He turned round and said “why I there a big puddle on the floor” to which Jenny then put her hand up and said “that was me, I wet myself”.

“alright cool” said Matty then opened the door. We all went inside and I took my shoes off and stood on the stairs to make room to let other people in. They came in and took their shoes off and then stood in the hallway pee dancing. I set off up the stairs and when I got to the top I stood on the landing and looked down watching them all dancing and grabbing themselves and tried to figure out who was the most desperate. I went in the bathroom and pee'd. As I was Jade shouted up “hurry up Gem im bursting”. This was torture to my pussy and I had to rub it...the thought of them downstairs trying to stay dry was making me horny as hell. I eventually, with great difficulty managed to stop, washed my hands and went downstairs.

As I reached the bottom of the stairs Jade shot past me and ran upstairs. As she did so Lucy said “hurry up babe, be quick, im nearly wetting myself. I turned round to find Lucy leant on the w with her hand up her skirt pressed on her wee hole and jiggling her legs. Behind her was Michelle with her legs tightly crossed and bobbing up and down. I was transfixed watching them both. I could feel my knickers getting wet just watching them. Lucy suddenly gasped and seemed to feel her knickers.

“oh no, its leaking out..oh god hurry up Jade”. She had obviously begun leaking and was on the verge of losing control. This was too much for me to handle and I walked into the kitchen and talked to my boyfriend. A couple of minutes later Jade came down and Lucy went up. This left Michelle waiting. She came into the kitchen and was talking to us. She suddenly gasped and grabbed the front of her leggings and pulled them up tight into her crotch.

My eyes nearly popped out of my head....if there is one thing I love more than Omorashi it is girls in leggings that have knickers lines or are see through....this action she had done had stretched them tight and they had gone transparent. I could see her knickers through the material, I was getting hornier and hornier, I couldn’t take much more, my pussy was crying for attention. There I was in my kitchen, with everything I had seen before etched on my mind, now I had a women in see through leggings dancing around on the verge of having an accident, I seriously thought I was dreaming.

As she was stood in the kitchen Lucy came down stairs and went in the living room. As she did Steve came out and looked and saw no one waiting and set off towards the stairs. Michelle noticed this and said “where are you going”

“the loo” he replied

“isn’t Lucy up there” she said

“no Lucy is in their” replied Steve, by this point he was at the bottom of the stairs.

“oh she's done” said michelle and started walking towards the stairs. As she did Steve walked up them”

“oh god Steve, im going next, im about to wet myself”

“Well so am I” said Steve and he dashed up the stairs.

“oh god, well hurry up, im seriously about to burst” she said and bent over jiggling about like mad. I couldn’t take my eyes off her. She then stood up straight and jammed her hand down her leggings and began gasping and moaning.

“oh god, hurry up, please, oh god, oooooo, oh no, god”...each word made me leak juice into my knickers. I was seriously turned on, I was close to cumming, all it would take would be a few rubs and I would cum.

“Steve hurry up im starting to wet myself” she shouted up stairs. I looked down at her crotch and saw a little wet patch had formed. She was starting to lose control. As I watched the pacth grew, and then again...then a little bigger, each time she spurted the pacth got a little bigger. By now it had started to come down the inside of her legs. Then I felt it, something was building, then I realised it was an orgasm, I was going to cum, watching this women slowly lose control was making me lose control. Her spurts were getting bigger and more frequent, my orgasm was getting closer and closer, I was trying to stop it but it wouldn't, no matter what I did I was going to cum.

Suddenly she moaned out and the patch grew at a great rate, spreading across her crotch, down her legs, soaking her leggings through....she had lost control, she was having an accident. I couldn't take I tried to stop it, but I couldn't, watching this beautiful women completely wet herself in front of me was the catalyst, I could feel my orgasm about to hit, I had to do something, I bit my lip to stifle my moans but it didnt work, they still came, I couldnt help moaning it felt so good. I had to do something to stifle them, I didnt want everyone there to know I was having an orgasm.

It was about to hit, I had to do something, I then got it, I grabbed my boyfriend and pulled him onto my knee, just as it hit I kissed him, the kiss stifling my moans of pleasure. Nothing could stop my body shaking but at least I had stifled my moans. I felt my knickers get wet as I squirted cum into them. Suddenly I didn’t care who knew, all that mattered in that moment was the feeling. I eventually stopped shaking and stopped kissing Matty and sat back in my chair panting. He looked at me panting, then looked at my legs which were still twitching. He then had a look of realisation and whispered in my ear “did you just cum”. I nodded and he just smiled “you naughty girl” then looked round and then whispered “i dont blame ya” I nearly did too. He ran his hand up my leg and felt my wet knickers “yep you defo naughty ;)”.

I recovered from what just happened. I have orgasmed to desperate women before but I had never cum involuntarily from such an experience before. It was wonderful, that something that simple could have such a powerful effect on me. I stood up and looked down the hall to find Michelle stood leaning on the door, with soaked leggings and a huge puddle on the floor. As we looked at her she looked as though she was about to cry...then she just laughed. She asked if she could use the shower and borrow some clothes. I said she could and she went upstairs. Matty grabbed the mop and cleaned up the puddle. 15 mins later she came down and we carried on the evening as though nothing had happened. Well we did after I was a naughty girl and sat on my boyfriend's lap and wiggled my wet bum bum on his lap making him cum too ;)

*004*2014-09-15 21:25

{{ 

Fucking hell Gemmy! I think i nearly passed out from reading these!!!

}}

Hee hee ;)

{{ 

Oh my god... Just so sexy... Thank you Gemmy :)

}}

You are welcome, glad you enjoyed :)

{{ 

These are some of my favorite words in the English Language. You used them to perfectly describe your friends desperation and wetting. I enjoy rather lengthy descriptive stories like this. Reading them I appreciate your arousal , with a rock hard erection. Thank you Gemmy.

}}

Glad to know I have such an effect :)

*009*2014-09-16 09:11

{{ 

Best. Story. Ever.

}}

Thanks :)

{{ 

Gemmy, I have to tell you that your stories are so hot that I've creamed my jeans twice and then peed hard into the same jeans. They were that incredible.

}}

Glad you enjoyed them so much

