My attempt at a pee holding challenge

Author: TJC

*000*2015-07-23 17:51

I don't usually do this but today i'm gonna post a story about a wetting i had a few days ago while attempting a milovana pee holding challenge, i will not say which one to keep the challenges a surprise. For those who don't know, these challenges are basically in the form of a story. You get to constantly make decisions which may lead to a quick hold and being able to pee shortly, or a long hold. There are challenges with every decision such as wait out a timer, drink water etc.

Now a little backgrond on me. I am a six, two male, about 210 lbs, not fat but not skinny either. I was wearing red gym shorts and a t-shirt. Prior to the challenge i drank four cans of soda, and by the time i took the challenge my need to pee as quite urgent. My bladder was quite noticeably swollen, and was pretty hard.

I began the challenge. My first challenge was to drink a glass of water. I drank it. My next few challenges were basically just making me wait. I had to pee pretty bad but it wasn't too bad. I lay in bed watching youtube and browsing this site. My signs ween't too bad. One thing really getting to me was the fact that this challenge had a lot of challenges with timers that didn't show how long i had to wait, making me cluelessly stay there wondering how much longer to sweet relief. While on the bed, i occasionally put my hand between my crotch, or shook a leg.

After about 15 minutes, Things got a whole lot worse. I suddenly encountered more challenges that made me wait, along with a couple forcing me to drink more. I wasn't to worried about my situation worsening, and din't think i had drank that much, until i realised my two liter pitcher was almost empty, it was full when i started the test. I realized my already aching bladder would soon get much, much worse. I was still laying on my bed. I was however constantly crotch grabbing and leg shaking, trying to ease my discomfort. I could barely follow along with what was happening in my youtube videos. I was constantly shaking around the bed, trying to find the easiest position for my bladder.

After an additional 20 minutes things began to become unbearable. I had taken off my shorts just in case i pee. I had seen the last of the water drinking challenges, and just faced ones requiring me to wait. I could really feel the water from the water challenges catching up to me. At this point i couldn't focus on watching anything on the computer, and was out of my bed walking around, pee, pee dancing, doing anything to contain the ocean trying to force its way out of my bladder. Every moment the pain grew as i put up my futile struggle. This was the worst i had to pee in my entire life, or at leas since i was a little kid. Somewhere around this point i felt my bladder to compare how swollen it was to the beginning. It had grown and was very easily noticeable. It was also rock hard, and when i applied pressure to it it sent shivers.

I eventually encountered the straw that would break the camels back. I encountered a challenge that required e to stand perfectly still for 5 minutes. As soon as i began standing still i let out a little spurt. I ignored it and a few seconds later another spurt, then soon after another. After a couple minutes i completely lost control and let out a torrent of pee, leaving a big wet mess.

*002*2015-07-23 19:59

{{ 

I generally don't want to devote a lot of time specifically for holding. I'd rather go about my usual tasks and recreations, just drinking somewhat more than usual, and not using the toilet. Toward the end I might have to give most of my attention to not wetting, but at least some of the time will have been productive!

}}

I too usually like to do something while desperate. It's just when i get really desperate i need to concentrate on holding it in

