Today at work

Author: lilmissmommy

*000*2015-07-08 01:01

I've been meaning to post something for a while now but I couldn't really think of what exactly to write. As fate would have it, something interesting happened today.

Little bit of background info which I will keep purposefully vague: I work in a hospital in a radiology department. Some of the exams performed there are ultrasounds. When a person has an ultrasound of the kidneys and/or bladder, they are required to have a full bladder. This helps the Radiologist view the internal structures better.

You would think that working in a department where people regularly have full bladders would afford me many opportunities to see some omorashi but for whatever reason that's not really the case. Usually the department works like a well-oiled machine and patients are brought right back to the exam rooms. Today was different. We were having some major computer problems at the frontline registration and patients were backed up down the hall trying to get registered for their exams.

Normally I would be in the back but I had to come out front to help patients who were waiting. While helping, I saw a young guy come into the department. He was the kind of guy I normally wouldn't make eye contact with for fear that my cheeks would burst into flames but I found myself unable to keep my eyes off him.

He was tall and lean with dark hair and hazel eyes. He looked about 20-23. He had long eyelashes and this pained expression on his face that gave him a pouty, brooding quality. He was beautiful. He had on a black t shirt and gray sweatpants. What got my attention most of all was how desperate he was even as he had just arrived in the department.

I watched him stand at the end of the line, shifting for foot to foot, biting his lip, checking his watch. I think he was going for impatience but I could tell what was wrong. As he slowly made his way towards the counter, I saw him go from silently shifting to stealthily grabbing himself. I also believe he may have been whimpering.

Once he actually made it to the desk he didn't even bother with putting up a dignified front. He actually leaned against the desk so his left arm was pushed up against his crotch so he could fill out paperwork. When one of the registrators told him it would probably be another 15-20 minutes he looked like he might actually cry.

He never really said anything about his situation but I got one last good look at him when the tech called him to the exam room and there on the front of his gray sweatpants was a wet spot about the size of a baseball. He looked like he wanted to sink into the floor. I feel a bit guilty for liking his desperation so much but I really couldn't help it....anymore than he could. It's not everyday you get to see something like that.

What do you think?

*003*2015-07-09 00:23

{{ 

From what I was told by a radiologist, a full bladder is helpful for some imaging, but not truly necessary most of the time. And "full" doesn't mean bursting. But, my friend added, there are doctors who get a kick out of patients desperate to pee, so they don't make the requirements all that clear.

}}

You're right; full doesn't mean bursting. That's probably why I don't see many people in a desperate state, but for whatever reason this guy totally was.

