Bursting Into the New Year

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-01-02 17:14

My last story was about me controlling my gf’s bladder which she absolutely loves and I love being controlled just as much and my husband Matty is my bladder master. It is always a bigger turn when he randomly decides to take control of my bladder rather than a planned holding session.

On New Years Eve we were working at our pub as it would be busy and it's always a really good night. Our resident DJ who plays for us every weekend said he would do New Years for us so in the afternoon I went down and helped him set up in his usual place and then headed back home to chill out for a couple of hours. I spent the afternoon watching TV then about half 5 I went and had a shower and got dressed. As I was getting ready Matty came in and asked me if I had pee’d whilst I was in the shower. I said I had and he suddenly pulled me close and said “well that was your last one this year, no more peeing until 2016”. I felt myself become aroused at the thought and looked at the time, 6 hours till midnight. I finished getting ready and then we headed down for the evening.

At half 6 our DJ started playing and the evening kicked off. Throughout the evening we had entertainment and events and it was really good fun. As time went on I kept sipping at my drink to keep myself cool as serving drinks constantly was warm work. By 10 o’clock I was starting to feel the effects in my bladder and over the next hour gradually got more and more desperate. By 11 I was busting for a pee and told Matty this. He smiled and glanced at the clock. He leaned down and whispered “only and hour to go” and prodded my bladder playfully. My drinks continued to filter through me and I continued to get more and more desperate. 

At 11:30 we rang the bell to let people know it was last orders for 2015 as just before midnight we close the bar so that us and the staff can join in the celebrations. We dealt with the rush of people coming to get drinks and then Matty asked me to go sort the Champagne. We give free glasses of Champagne so people can toast new year when it comes so I went to the kitchen to sort it out. I opened the bottles and filled up the glasses. It was then I realised why Matty has asked me to do it. Listening to the champagne pour into the glasses made my desperation so much worse and I took the opportunity whilst I was alone to dance and hold myself to ease the pressure pushing down on my pee hole.

After I filled all the glasses I took them out and handed them round to everyone and once everyone had a glass I put the leftover glasses behind the bar and then went to close the doors as we have a policy on New Years that just before Midnight we lock the doors so no one else can come in and then we don’t let anyone else in after Midnight. We do this because of past experiences of people who go looking for anywhere that's open just to get more drink and we don’t want those sorts of people. We stay open until all our customers have had enough and leave but we don’t want staying open for anyone to come in after they have left another pub that's closing. 

I went round and locked the front and back door and then turned the TV;s on to watch big ben and the fireworks in London. I went and stood behind the bar with Matty and subtly pee danced. Our barmaid noticed and asked if I was okay. I laughed and said “I need a pee but I don’t want to miss midnight”. She laughed and nodded in agreement. Watching the countdown on the TV seemed to make my desperation intensify and I had to cross my legs tight to keep my pee hole closed.

The countdown hit zero and Big Ben sounded and everyone cheered in the New Year. Matty wrapped his arms around me and whispered Happy New Year in my ear before kissing me. We kissed for a moment before stopping and raising our glasses. I drank my champagne which really didn’t help my poor bladder and I bobbed slightly as I crossed slightly. Matty suddenly squeezed my bladder and a leak escaped into my knickers. I gasped and he winked at me. We watched as people linked up and sang Auld Lang Syne and then when it finished people the DJ started again and it seemed people were like me in that they were waiting for midnight as when I looked over there was a queue for the bathroom. 

Not that that was a problem and I could use the one in the flat upstairs. I was about to ask him if I could go pee when he rang the bell telling people the bar was open again and then he went to let people out who wanted to leave. I served drinks to those who came to the bar whilst dancing and trying to keep my knickers dry for a few more minutes. The sound of the beer pouring into the glasses was almost making me leak and I found Matty looking at me smiling. After the initial rush Matty said he was going to the cellar to get some more bottles for the fridge and suddenly grabbed my hand and led me with him.

He led me downstairs and pulled me towards him and kissed me. I squirmed in his arms and broke the kiss and told him I was nearly wetting myself. He smiled and said “I know, and it's so sexy watching you squirm”. He stepped back and watched me dancing and grabbing my self up my dress. I asked if I could go and pee and he shook his head and said “you don’t think I’m going to let you waste a perfectly good full bladder do you”. Hearing him say this sent my arousal skyrocketing and I just stood in front of him desperately trying not to pee myself. I managed to stay dry for another few minutes before I started leaking. I pulled my dress up and showed him the wet patch on my knickers that was steadily getting bigger and begged him to let me go pee before I soaked them. He pulled me in front of him and suddenly said “NO” and pushed hard on my bladder. 

The sudden pressure caused me to lose control for a moment and pee splashed onto the floor below me. I gasped and pushed my hand against my pee hole to stop it all bursting out. He smiled at me and said “take your hand away”. I reluctantly removed my hand and it started leaking out. I told him I couldn’t hold it much longer and he smirked and said “what if i do this”. His hand slid into my knickers and spread my pussy open revealing my trembling pee hole. As soon as he did this the spurts came and I couldn’t stop them. I spurted a few times and then he pushed again on my bladder and I completely lost it. Pee gushed out into my knickers and all over his hand and ran down my legs and all over the floor. I sighed out loud in relief and leaned in and kissed him as my bladder emptied all over. It kept coming and coming and eventually after what felt like forever the stream slowed down and then finished. I let out a long moan feeling relieved and now super horny.

He smiled at the puddle on the floor then told me to take my knickers off. I slid them off and he threw a towel at me and I wiped my legs off and then he handed me a fresh pair of knickers. I looked at them and he said “I thought I better bring these in case you couldn’t make it to midnight”. I giggled and slid them on and he put the wet ones in a bag and put them in his pocket. I walked over to the other side of the cellar and he filled one of the buckets we use when we clean the pump lines and filled it with water and threw it across the floor to wash my pee puddle down the drain. He then handed me a crate of bottles for the fridge and smacked my butt and sent me back upstairs to stock the fridges.

Needless to say it was a wonderful start to the new year and later on on the way home I had a very nice desperation sighting which made for a nice end to the night which I will write about and post later.

*004*2016-01-02 21:28

{{ 

Extremely sexy story Gemmy, one of the sexiest I've seen. I love your posts. I am looking forward to your future post on the sighting.

}}

Thanks

I will write it up later this evening.

*009*2017-10-29 22:10

{{15 hours ago, Despholder said:

Wow

}}

Glad you enjoyed. Thank you for bringing this back to my attention. I can't believe this is almost 2 years ago. Was lovely to read it again and remind myself of that night

