Setting the Stage-A Road Trip Wetting

Author: Dragon

*000*2013-04-26 06:12

Setting the Stage-A Road Trip Wetting

Author’s note- Hello everyone thanks for checking out my experience! This experience happened quite a few years ago when I was 19 and a freshman in college, this will also be my first time sharing this experience with anyone. This is a true story of when I intentionally staged a wetting accident in a public setting and due to the length of time that has passed it took quite a long time to recall every detail but I believe I have retold it as accurately as possible. However, as my good friend Gandalf says, “All good stories deserve embellishment” ^_^ . While I enjoy writing I am well aware that I am far from the best so I hope you will forgive any errors.

Also I will be using Ranpalen's 1-10 desperation scale throughout the story so please refer to it in the general discussion forum if you are curious.

P.S. I apologize if it’s a little too long for some of you; I was hoping to make it as detailed as possible and perhaps went a little overboard. Anyways on with the story!

Several years ago when I was about 19 years old and nearing the end of my freshman year in college I had been told by my parents that one of my cousins was going to be graduating high school and that I was expected to be there. At first I was irritated since I didn’t particularly get along with my cousin and because the drive to get to where he lived was long and miserable. However, about a week before the graduation date, I realized that while the graduation was going to be a miserable affair, the drive itself could be an excellent opportunity to experiment and have some fun with my fetish.

So I spent the whole week prior to the trip considering what I wanted to do, until finally I decided I wanted to stage a public accident. I had never attempted this before due to my rather shy personality but I figured being on the road in a completely different state would be the perfect setting to branch out and try something really daring which I had fantasized doing hundreds of times. I spent the days leading up to the trip planning exactly where and how I was going to do it and gathering all the materials I would need and as each day passed both my excitement and anxiety increased.

When my alarm went off at 6 a.m. I hopped out of bed immediately, excitement overriding my drowsiness as I quickly prepared and packed. About an hour later I had eaten a light breakfast and dressed comfortably in a pair of light colored jeans, boxers, and a black t-shirt knowing I had a full day of driving ahead of me and plan or no plan I was going to be comfortable. I packed up my car double and triple checking to make sure I had everything I would need and got going. I was jittery and had butterflies in my stomach so I turned on the radio and tried to relax and put some miles behind me knowing I still had a long time before I reached the area I desired. Throughout the morning I put my plan in the back of my mind and simply focused on the road.

Around noon I had put in quite a bit of driving and muscles were starting to get stiff and my stomach was growling. I drove a few more miles until I spotted a sign indicating a small town was coming up, I took the exit and stopped for lunch at a small locally owned sandwich joint. I went inside and after the waitress took my order I pulled out my map to see exactly where I was and how far I had to go until I reached my destinations.

I had a few locations circled; the first was the end of my journey circled in plain black sharpie and written along with it was the name of the hotel my family had reservations at. The second was circled in red a good distance east marked with the name of a motel I could stay at since the drive was too long to be completed all in one day. Then there was a small star drawn with golden yellow sharpie; my chosen stage. After a few quick calculations I estimated that from where I was it would take somewhere between two to two and a half hours to reach my yellow star. It was time.

I put the map away as I spotted the waitress approaching with my meal and the large coke I had requested. I ate my sandwich and chips while quickly draining the large coke and after asking for a refill gulped down most of the second one as well. I paid for my meal and trotted over to the restaurant’s restrooms. I had a mild urge to pee and knowing I was in for a long hold I drained my bladder of every last drop before zipping up and leaving the restaurant.

As I returned to my car and started the engine I reached into my backseat and brought forward a small cooler filled with a wide variety of drinks. I selected a large bottle of Gatorade and after a few sips resumed my drive. For the first forty five minutes or so I drove calmly while slowly working my way through the large Gatorade and listening to a sports talk show. Then before I knew it I was tossing the empty Gatorade bottle in the back seat and opening a can of coke as the warm weather and salty chips I had eaten at lunch fueled my thirst. I was slightly alarmed that I was drinking so much so quickly, but, I was confident that it wouldn’t be an issue knowing I had a fairly large and strong bladder.

About twenty minutes later I was throwing the empty soda can in the back seat and opening a water bottle when I noticed the first signs of needing to pee which I would rate at about a 2. A small silly grin appeared on my face, it was barely enough to be noticeable, but, I still felt a sort of naughty excitement as all the years of reading stories of desperation online raced through my mind along with a few nervous butterflies in my stomach. I took a few more swigs of water as I glanced around a bit at the empty fields surrounding me and attempted to picture where I was on the map. However, I soon gave up knowing if I followed the highway I would eventually reached another small town and soon afterwards my target location.

About an hour later I was no longer grinning. In my backseat I had the empty Gatorade bottle, two empty cans of coke, an empty water bottle, and a second water bottle that was about half empty in the cup holder beside me. I was still driving amidst and endless sea of farm lands with no signs of civilization in site with an urge to pee. It was certainly no longer the small faint feeling of an hour ago, I would probably judge it to be somewhere between a 4 and a 5. Now I could feel all the liquid I had consumed working its way through me and beginning to fill my bladder.

Though I was still not at a level I would have considered desperate, it still would have been enough in normal circumstances where I would be starting to look for a restroom. I rubbed my lower stomach a bit as I glanced around for any signs indicating that the town was coming up, however, not only were there no signs but I hardly even saw any other drivers go by. I did my best to slow down on how much I was drinking at this point, but the hot afternoon was leaving me parched forcing me to continue taking small sips from the water bottle.

Almost three hours had passed since I had left the restaurant where I had eaten lunch and to my growing frustration I was still in the middle of nowhere. I knew I had to be getting close now as I spotted other vehicles passing in greater numbers; however, with yet another empty water bottle added to my collection in the backseat I was beginning to grow nervous. At this point on the desperation scale I was at about a 7 on the desperation scale. I was showing and rotating through several of the telltale signs of desperation now; bouncing my left leg, squeezing my thighs together, massaging my slightly bulging midsection, along with constant fidgeting and squirming.

I had done plenty of holds on my own in the past so I knew I wasn’t quite in the danger area yet, but, I couldn’t help but wish I had placed a couple of towels on my seat just in case something like this had happened. The last thing I wanted was to ruin my car seat and I knew if worse comes to worse I could just pull over and go on the side of the road or rummage through my trunk for the package of diapers I had brought along to have fun with later. However, I was determined to follow through with my plan and not give in to my bladder’s growing protests. I sped up a bit more not wanting to get pulled over for speeding and kept my eyes peeled for the town.

It took around twenty-five more minutes before I finally spotted a sign indicating the town was only 5 miles ahead. I gave a small sigh of relief glad I was finally almost there and gave small pained smile as I anticipated the upcoming event. That morning I had been worried that I would possibly get stage fright and not be able to release the hold on my bladder, but, the painful urges I was experiencing told me I no longer had any reason to worry about that. I was at around an 8 at this point and had been forced to unbutton my jeans to remove any extra pressure on my bladder.

It felt like I had a heavy water balloon constantly expanding and sloshing around inside of me doing everything in its power to release its contents. I did my best to focus on the road as I entered the town trying to think about anything besides peeing and the exciting thoughts swirling around in my head. I pressed my thighs together and drove as fast as I dared grimacing at each stop sign and red light I hit knowing every delay was pushing me closer to the edge. Fortunately I was out of the town before I knew it and after a few more miles I gave a sign of relief as I spotted the state border and with it was my stage. Right along the border was a small visitor’s center complete with a gift shop full of souvenirs, and then alongside that building a few yards away was a separate older building with a large sign reading “Rest Area”. As I pulled into the parking lot gripping my crotch with one hand I felt my heart sink.

You see, I had specifically chosen this area after a brief bit of research on the internet, due to this being my first attempt at staging an accident I wanted to have as much control of the situation as possible. On a state border with only one small town nearby I had found this to be one of the few public rest areas nearby, however, after a bit of reading I knew this one was ideal. The building was rather old and shabby looking and was barely bigger than a toll booth with only a single door on the front with a sign reading “Family Restroom” complete with the typical icons of a man woman and child. I had purposely chosen an out of the way area and a single unisex bathroom for a few reasons. One was that if possible I wanted my “accident” to occur while I was standing in line with a small group of one to three people and a family restroom meant that I could possibly end up in line with a few women to witness.

As creepy as it may have sounded, to have my “embarrassing accident” with a female witness present was incredibly exciting and was something I had always fantasized about. However, as I parked my car and looked at the building I knew I was in trouble. There were certainly people present and I could tell that a few women were as well, however, the line was far larger than I had anticipated. I sat in my car wide eyed and trembling with nerves and desperation. I hadn’t wanted to wet myself in front of that many people!

I contemplated sitting in my car for a while and waiting for the line to shorten a bit, but by then I was struggling not to lose control and flood not only my jeans but my car seat as well. I glanced around and couldn’t spot a secluded area where I could relieve myself without being caught, and I knew getting arrested was not an option. Cruel fate and several empty bottles of liquid had me trapped leaving me little choice but to follow through with my plan, backing out was no longer an option.

With shaking hands I placed my cell phone, wallet, and anything else from my pockets on the passenger seat and after buttoning my jeans with a slight groan due to the added pressure, got out of my car. I instantly froze gasping as my hands immediately shot towards my crotch. Apparently sitting had been making it somewhat easier to control my bladder as I stood and a tiny spurt of pee escaped leaving my boxers slightly damp. I stood rooted to that spot next to my car breathing hard for a few moments shocked by the sudden unintentional release.

After I was absolutely sure I had control I took a deep breath, gathered my resolve, and with shaky steps walked towards the rest area. I was able to regain a slight bit of my composure as I walked removing my hands from my crotch and doing as much as I could to hide my situation as I finally joined the line at the very back. My eyes roamed over the line as I stood with my aching bladder; at the very front was an older balding man who appeared to be on a business trip or had just left work as he wore a suit and tie. Next was a middle aged, athletic, and tomboyish woman glancing around with a bored expression on her face. Behind her was an elderly couple who were chatting happily to one another, then was a group of four teenage girls who judging from their loud obnoxious laughter and conversation were the typical popular girls somewhere around their senior year in high school and were also on a road trip.

Finally in front of me was a woman who appeared to be somewhere in her mid to late twenties. She was a slim and fairly tall woman which was rare to me since I am fairly tall at 6 feet 2 inches myself, with long straight black hair that went down a little past her shoulders. She wore a dark blue low cut tank top and a pair of white jeans that hugged and accentuated every one of her curves and beside her was a stroller containing a very young infant girl. Inwardly I groaned, my shy personality was kicking in, I had no desire to do something so humiliating in front of this many people fetish or no fetish. Unfortunately my swollen and painfully full bladder kindly informed me with a fresh surge of pain that I had no chance of chickening out and making it through the entire line.

So far no one was paying any attention to me as I stood at the back of the line squirming slightly with my legs squeezed together. Of course being a young teenage guy I was struggling to control my bladder as well as my eyes which were drinking in the beautiful woman in front of me especially her round heart shaped bottom. She seemed to suddenly sense either my squirming or my roaming eyes and gave a small glance towards me. I quickly peeled my eyes away and pretended to be looking at the front of the line, she had a cute face with shining green eyes and though it was only for a moment, she looked at my face and then lingered on my squirming legs seeming to instantly realize my situation.

She quickly turned back as a loud flushing was heard and the door to the restroom opened. A young boy stepped out and the man in the suit and tie entered. At the sound of the toilet flushing I instantly bent over and twisted my legs as the sound of the porcelain throne so close by taunted me. I blushed as a small quite groan escaped me. Unfortunately the woman seemed to hear and turned towards me.

“Are you ok?” I had been afraid her voice would be full of scorn or laughter but I could tell she was genuinely concerned. The blush on cheeks grew as I struggled to respond, talking with pretty girls had always been a challenge for me. “Yeah I’m alright, sorry.” I mumbled quickly trying to straighten up a bit but immediately had to squeeze and twist my legs together as another wave of desperation hit me. “No need to apologize we’ve all been caught short before, I understand.” She said in a low voice. “My name’s Karsen by the way.”

“Jason” I replied in a shaky voice. “Nice to meet you Jason, so are you from around here?” Karsen asked in a kind voice as she gently rocked the stroller with her baby. I shook my head and quickly explained that I was from out of state and was travelling to attend my cousin’s high school graduation. We continued to make small talk for a bit until once again all that pent up pee made another attempt at freedom. Whatever she was saying was cut short as I groaned and squirmed even harder in genuine agony. With a concerned look Karsen asked, “Don’t worry I’m sure the line will move quickly.” She said trying to reassure me.

A hundred different thoughts and emotions were running through my mind as I overcame my embarrassment and decided that I was going to do what I had spent the last week dreaming about. It was time to play this out as much as I could with the expertise only a desperation fan who had watched and read hundreds of similar scenarios could muster and with the state of my bladder it wasn’t incredibly difficult. “I don’t know Karsen, I…I haven’t been this desperate before.” I said making sure my voice was suitably quivering and filled with panic. I abandoned modesty and started to do a full blown pee dance worthy of a desperate five year old. I was gripping my crotch with both hands, squirming constantly, and throwing in an occasional gasp or groan.

Now I was finally beginning to draw the stares of the other people in line as they witnessed a nineteen year old doing the potty dance. The woman who was at the front of the line stared open mouthed in surprise before soon smirking and giggling at the site of me. The elderly couple shook their heads a bit out of disapproval or perhaps disgust and muttered quietly to themselves. Next was just what I had expected and dreaded; the group of high school girls did nothing to hide their amusement. They laughed with one another and threw around words such as “baby”, “potty”, and “diapers” loud enough for me to hear, one girl even went as far as to take a water bottle out of her bag and slosh it around a bit which generated roars of laughter from the other girls.

I could feel my entire face heat up and knew I was likely a brilliant shade of bright red. However, despite my embarrassment somewhere in the back of my mind I was excited as I continued to squirm and dance. Karsen glared at the girls for a moment before turning back to me, “Just ignore those brats Jason” She said placing a hand on my shoulder and giving me a look of sympathy. “Once the line clears and it’s my turn I’ll let you go in front of me, I don’t have to go that bad.” I was shocked and thanked Karsen sincerely; I was amazed at this gorgeous woman’s kindness.

“I can’t believe I’m this desperate, all that soda is making me feel like I’m about to explode. At this rate I’m going to end up losing control and have an accident like a little kid.” I told her adding another groan along with a series of gasps and shudders to prove my point. I couldn’t believe I was sharing so much with a total stranger especially one so stunningly beautiful, but I was enjoying every second of it as rather than mocking me or showing disgust she continued to give me words of encouragement and sympathy.

It was all such a rush; I had never imagined I could feel such a strange and intense combination naughtiness, excitement, and humiliation. Numerous pairs of eyes were watching all waiting to see what would happen while throwing out jeers along with both sympathetic and disapproving looks. Then there was Karsen standing less than a foot away listening and watching as my desperate struggle with my bladder played itself out. Unfortunately my desperate game wasn’t going to last much longer, my bladder was constantly sending signals of unrelenting desire for release.

I gave another loud groan as I felt another unintentional leak escape making my boxers damp enough to cling to my skin and increase my desperation tenfold. I removed my hands for a moment to reveal a small wet spot the size of a quarter. The teenage girls mocking grew louder at the sight of this and Karsen grew quiet and held a hand over her mouth. At this point she likely knew that with the size of the line it was only a matter of time before I lost control and there was very little else she could do or say.

A few moments later the restroom door opened and the sound of the flushing toilet filled the area. Despite it being a hot summer day my body felt cold and grew numb as the tantalizing sound of the toilet echoed around me. It was a strange feeling as my control finally gave out and my bladder at long last released. It was almost like for a brief second the desperate urge to pee that had been plaguing me was lifted as I lost all feeling in my bladder. I slowly removed my hands as warmth flowed forth instantly soaking my boxers and adding to the small wet spot I had already made. I watched as the wet spot grew covering my crotch and running down my legs in an unending torrent. I could hear the voices and exclamations around me, but paid them no mind as I stood in my own little world of blissful relief.

Soon the front and inner sides of my jeans were thoroughly soaked as well, however, I was nowhere near finished as the almost clear warm liquid began soaking into my shoes and forming a puddle beneath me. I was trembling all over now and I slowly raised my head and glanced around as I continued to wet my pants. It was more embarrassing than I could have imagined, the girls were nearly hysterical with laughter as they called out names and jeers, and the rest simply looked embarrassed for me or disgusted. Finally I felt the final little rivers of pee run down my legs and add to the miniature lake I had beneath me. I had finally finished and had such a severe accident that Karsen had been forced to take a few steps back to avoid getting caught in the mess.

I simply stood there for several long moments as the weight of the embarrassment hit me as I stared at all those people in my soaking wet pants. Then Karsen carefully approached me. “Oh dear, Jason you must have been in quite a bit of pain, are you alright? Do you have a change of clothes with you; if you need I can run inside the gift shop and see if they have something you can wear?” I was speechless that Karsen, a total stranger who had just watched a nineteen year old wet himself like a baby was still even willing to talk to me let alone help me.

After a moment I managed to choke out that I had some clothes in my luggage I could change into and I slowly stepped out of my puddle and walked towards my car. With each step my shoes squished and my jeans sagged from the large amount of liquid they had absorbed making them feel ten times heavier. I popped open my trunk and retrieved a small sports bag I had prepared before hand with everything I would need and quickly returned to the line so I could change.

When I had originally started to plan my staged accident I hadn’t considered anything being as embarrassing as the moments when I was actually doing the deed and peeing my pants, however, that period of time where I stood in line was nearly as humiliating. Not only were the people in line with me continuing to stare and make remarks, but there was also everyone who was entering and leaving the gift shop next door pointing and staring openly at my soaked jeans.

As the line continued to move at a slow crawl Karsen resumed casually talking with me seeming to want to take my mind away from my accident and the attention I was attracting. So one by one the line shrunk until finally the last of the high school girls exited the restroom and as a group walked off giving a few final taunts such as, “It sure is nice to be able to use the toilet like an adult” and other things of that nature. However, despite the mild embarrassment from these remarks I was beginning to find it more tolerable and almost enjoyable.

After that it was just Karsen and I left in line and true to her word she quickly ushered me in front of her insisting I go first, “Don’t worry I can wait, you must be absolutely miserable in those wet things, go ahead and take your time to clean up.” Then before I knew it the door was shut and I was alone with my wet clothes. I looked down once again at the massive wet patch covering my jeans and ran my hand over the still warm fabric as the accident played itself out over and over in my mind. Unfortunately I knew that it wasn’t the time to be enjoying or fantasizing with Karsen and possibly others standing just outside the door all waiting for their turn at relief. With how kind Karsen had been to me I didn’t have the heart to try any funny business as I knew she hadn’t been entirely honest about not needing to go that badly. With a sigh I set to work stripping off shoes, socks, jeans, and boxers.

Next I grabbed a few pieces of toilet paper and did my best to wipe off any remaining pee from my legs and crotch as well as the drops on the floor. Once I was satisfied that I was as clean as I was going to get I opened up my bag and set out a pair of tennis shoes, socks, a pair of shorts, and finally a large fluffy adult diaper. If I recall correctly it was a plain white, Depend brand for men, daytime maximum absorbency disposable pull up. I pulled it on quickly hoping the slight crinkling sound wasn't loud enough to be heard outside and for just a brief moment reveled in the soft comfort and feeling of protection it gave me. I smiled for a moment before I exited the restroom knowing the rest of the trip would be far from boring.

A few minutes later I was dressed, had thanked Karsen for all her help, and was back on the road with a hundred different emotions and thoughts swirling through my mind, however, one thing was certain, I would without a doubt be visiting that rest stop for round two on my trip home!

Thanks and hope you guys enjoyed reading about my experience! Any comments, critiques on my writing, or questions are welcome and I once again apologize if the length of the story or level of detail was excessive.

Thanks again everyone!

*007*2014-03-22 00:26

Wow thank you so much for the great feedback! I had hesitation way back when I posted this since I figured male experiences aren't quite as popular, but I'm really happy so many people found it entertaining. Like I said in the story this took place many years ago and was my very first time experimenting with public wetting and the whole self humiliation bit, though it was extremely difficult due to my personality, I can definitely say it was worth it as it opened the door for many more similar fun experiences over the years. Due to my schedule I can't make any promises, but if I ever have the time I'll try to write about another one if there's interest. Thanks again for all of the kind comments!

