Learning my drunken limits when I was too young to drink!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-24 10:00

Hello everyone, hope it’s all going well for you guys.

I wanted to share a story about one of the first times I got drunk, and it was with my friend, L, but before I peed myself on his carpet hahaha.

About 20 minutes walk away from my house is a stony beach type thing, with murky water, a ‘nice’ view of some industrial stuff across from it, a bunch of these hut things with benches and different coloured lights, and a kids play park.

Pretty much checks all the boxes for drunken shenanigans. It was kind of cold, but it was in the summer and I was wearing a pink vest top a pink shirt and a grey hoodie as well as black cropped pants (I really like those), ankle socks and black and purple nike trainers. I remember it well because there are so many pictures of it that I remember back to even now! I was probably about 16/17? Definitely underage but we didn’t much worry about it, and it wasn’t even a lot of alcohol haha.

So we went down there at about 5pm, nobody much was down there, and it was nice to chat and watch the water as the sun went down, obviously taking a bunch of stupid pictures, and drinking soft drinks so as not to arouse any suspicion (there was always a police presence in the carpark).

At one end there’s a green area, with a little pitch and putt course, a green area for dog walking, and we hung about up there for a while, but slowly made our way down to the shore, and the little huts. We stayed in there for ages drinking after the police went. They came around every so often but ignored us as we weren’t exactly causing trouble.

We got kind of drunk, not so drunk, just enough to find it funny . I had been feeling my bladder for a while from the cold, but I wasn’t worried. Me and L always clicked and we were constantly laughing. I’d drank a couple of cans of fanta (L loves the stuff, I’m impartial) and about a a litre and a half of some alcopops, It was probably the most I’d ever drank at that point and I was definitely feeling it in my head, which we both thought was so funny, and we were laughing at stuff that didn’t really make sense.

By this point it must have been 3 or 4 hours since I last pissed, and I noticed my bladder. It was feeling heavy but again in my giddiness I just thought it was hilarious. I told L and he said needed to pee too, but we got distracted by the play park and went about climbing and ‘playing’ like kids. It was hilarious because of our lack of coordination and our sides hurt from laughing, I kept having to cross my legs and bend at the waist because if I kept laughing I knew I would pee myself.

The police came round again, so we decided to go back to the huts. L got off the see-saw we were on, which sent me flying off of it, L was now in hysterics bending at the waist himself. L is kind of pee shy so I normally don’t see these displays of his, not that I was that interested because I knew how badly I had to go, and as I lay in the woodchips, trying to catch my breath from falling and laughing I could feel my bladder threatening to release. I got up and moved away quickly from the play area, following L back to huts, where we sat down some more.

We were seriously crying with laughter and I felt myself start peeing. It kind of came out casually and I didn’t care because I was pretty drunk. It made the whole of my butt warm. I stopped the flow and told L I really had to pee because if I laughed anymore I would pee myself right there. He shrugged and mentioned that we would have to go back.

But my brain struck and told me that the pitch and putt had toilets. So me and L made our way up there. There were some weird lights shining and a lot of creepy noises, we were half laughing our heads off and half afraid. Eventually we got to the toilets which were obviously closed, and I looked at L, saying I couldn’t hold it, he laughed and shrugged. I walked around and checked all the doors and came across a large square drain. I put my head around and told L to keep look out.

He started asking me what the hell I was doing and I said ‘I’m wetting in a drain don’t look’. With that he started crying with laughter again and I laughed as I peed, I had pretty bad aim from my laughter and got some on my shoes, and the sound was really obvious. All of a sudden I heard a guy on a bike come and L was telling me to stop between laughing. I yanked up my clothes but still peed full force into them for about 10 more seconds until my bladder was empty.

I came out from behind the building, and jokingly smacked L saying he needed to give me more warning. He found it hilarious but told me to get my hands away from him if I just peed. It was damp between my legs, crotch and butt quite noticeably for me by this point, but I don’t think L paid any attention.

We hung out for a little bit longer back on the shore and got bored and decided to walk back home. It took a while as we were somewhat drunk and this black cat started following us, which wasn’t worrying in itself. I found it amusing but L was playing up all this stuff about it being a bad omen, which was making me laugh more and more.

We just went past the grassed dog walking area when I felt my crotch get warm again. Holy shit I was peeing a little! I stopped and tried to stop laughing, which was easy as the cat had disappeared, and L soon grew quiet. I asked him if he was okay, he said he had to pee badly, but didn’t want to go outside.

I laughed and said it’s no big deal, and we took a detour and went by this small building that was closed up for the night. There was a ramp and behind it was a good place to pee without being seen. I told him to go there and I’d wait for him. He was reluctant at first and whimpered at me saying it was gross, but I just left him there and turned my back, which was creepy alone in the dark. Soon I heard the sound of splashing and a massive sigh of relief that made me giggle, and he was done, it took him ages and I’m surprised he could hold it.

I told him to wait for me as I was desperate again, and he laughed at me saying I broke the seal too early. I told him to shut up and went around the building. I put my back up to the ramp and held the railings on it for support, placing my feet either side of L’s puddle, pulled down my clothes and peed. It was amazing but as I looked up I saw a security camera right above me. I felt my cheeks go red but I didn’t see the point in stopping.

All of a sudden I heard L scream, which made me jump and made me aim my stream directly at my clothes peeing full force, soaking them in seconds. The sound changing from pee splashing on tarmac to pee hitting fabric. I shouted “What the fck L I just peed all over myself because you screamed” and he started laughing saying “The cat just ran out past the building!” I rolled my eyes and reluctantly pulled up my sodden clothes.

I came out and L laughed at me “haha you peed yourself, you stink of piss” and I said “Yeah well, we both peed directly under a security camera” And with that we both started laughing again and made our way home.

Thanks for reading J

*002*2015-09-24 19:48

{{: 

Sounds like quite an adventure back there. Was this part of how you discovered an omorashi interest, by any chance?

}}

Thank you! Haha I've had a long interest in omo since I was at least 7/8 if not before, but by this point I knew of it, I just did my best to hide it!

*004*2015-09-24 20:29

{{: 

Another good one, thanks! I do wonder how many other people, with or without an interest, find themselves in a similar position - after all, it's not unusual for folk to hang out in quiet places to make the most of their new-found alcoholic discoveries!

}}

No problem, are you always home and dry by the way? Yes, many a secluded park with closed bathrooms haha :P

*006*2015-09-24 20:53

{{: 

I'm not always home, but I'm virtually always 'dry' - if I'm at home (with plenty of tea and water!) I'm rarely alone, and if I'm at work (also with plenty of tea and water!) I can't really afford the distraction of the latter stages of desperation! I like to push the boundaries a bit, but I've never dated to go too close to the edge...

}}

Ah fair enough haha, I just wondered

*008*2015-09-24 21:33

{{: 

To be honest, the thought of wetting doesn't really do it for me. If anything, I'm quite proud of my control after excessive tea consumption!

}}

Hahaha i dont normally drink tea or coffee, i have heard about its diuretic affect though

*012*2015-09-26 17:24

{{: 

Thanks for another great story. I really enjoyed it. I had a similar experience but no where near as great as tour's. I was in school and about the same age as you were when I peed a little. I was drunk at a school function. I played music in a band. My band had just finished and I was chatting up this girl when I felt myself pee. I didn't notice that I even had to go, it just came out in a spurt. It wasn't that much, it was about the size of a tennis ball. It was really obvious, though. I had on faded jeans. Anyway, I just left and went to the public toilet and peed. No one said anything but I'm sure they noticed.

}}

Oh that's a cool story, at least my clothes were black and it was dark, so nobody really noticed besides my own drunk self, even then I just found it amusing rather than alarming!

{{: 

Discovering the diuretic effect of alcohol for the first time can be a learning experience for a teen. Perhaps you've always been able to hold your pee for hours after sensing the need, but with alcohol that time will be greatly reduced. That can lead to some interesting situations, such as in this story.

}}

Yeah, it was a discovery none the less, haha, and I don't think I had many drunken accidents after that but many many drunken close calls lol :P

