My own genuine childhood accidents

Author: pwpj

*000*2015-06-18 22:18

So inspired by wetvics thread I thought I'd add my own memorable wetting experiences.

- When I was about 7 I attended a friends birthday party at a ten pin bowling alley near our house. We'd got into a game when I realised I needed a wee, and the toilets were right at the other end of the alley so I figured I'd wait until the end. As the rounds went on I ended up holding myself between turns and one of the adults asked if I needed a wee and I said no. So I was then conscious to avoid holding myself. I played my last round but then stupidly waited for all the others to finish. Suddenly I felt a squeeze as my bladder started leaking out, so I started running towards the toilets. As I ran along I could feel more and more squeezing out. I got to the toilet, pulled my joggers and pants down and pissed the rest into the toilet. There was some damage on the inside of my joggers but on my return I managed to hide it and I remember finding myself sitting on top of a heating vent which dried them off quickly.

- I was probably about 9 at the time of the next accident, which again was at a birthday party held this time in a family pub/restaurant. I was wearing jeans and a I had gone for a wee earlier in the day but after a while I started to need a poo. I tried to put it off as I only usually went for a poo at home, but after a while I realised I ought to go. The toilets took some finding as they were up a long flight of stairs, then along a long passageway and finally you reached the gents toilets. I was very desperate by the time I got inside the cubicle, and then realised to my horror that I couldn't undo the belt.

I tried to, but was also by this point crossing my legs to try and stop an accident. I was fiddling with my belt and for some reason didn't think about opening my flies to at least wee in safety, so I felt a warm damp feeling as I wet myself. Then, to add insult to injury, I could feel the poo starting to come out. I grabbed my bottom with my hands and tried to force it shut but to no avail, I hadn't been for a poo in a while and it forced itself out very quickly into my pants. I spent what felt like ages trying to clean up and eventually went back to the party, said I felt ill, and rang my parents to come and fetch me early.

- Age about 12 we'd been on a school residential trip to a field study centre. On the way there we all went on a large 50-seat coach with a toilet and so on the last day I didn't think about using the toilet much. Well, on the way back we had two small coaches which didn't have toilets. About an hour into the three hour journey I realised I'd need the toilet but assumed there would be a stop - there wasn't. I was totally desperate and tried to hold on but ended up wetting myself in the seat. Luckily nobody noticed.

