Accident Wetting at the Gas Station

Author: tmivelaz

*000*2014-08-01 02:12

Ok, so this happened to me back in 2007. I was going to a technical commuting back and forth 45 minutes one way (note: this was before I was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes and I was already drinking a lot of fluids cause I was always thirsty). One day, I left the school to head home. I'm fine the whole ride home except the last 15 mins. I get the urge to pee. I'd say I was at a 3 when it hit me.

I continue driving and notice that I need to fill my truck up (that I use to have....traded it in october that year). I end up pulling into a BP gas station that's like 5 minutes from the house. I go through with paying at the pump to get going. As I start to pump the gas, the urge hit me even harder before I knew it. At this point, I'm pacing around back and forth waiting for the pump to stop filling the truck up. I end up starting to grab myself and squeeze to prevent myself from wetting my pants right there next to the pump. 

I dance around, squirm bounce up and down....you name it. I'm at the point of bursting now and its really bad. It finally happens. Standing waiting for the pump to stop, I start leaking into my pants. One spurt of pee gushes out of me, followed by another, then another! I finally gain control over my bladder. Finally, the pump stopped, I take the nozzle out, put it back, pushed button for receipt. As the receipt is printing, I put the cap on and close the gas cover door.

I grab my receipt and after I grab it, I make my way to the inside. As I'm walking toward the building, my bladder gives way again and I'm leaking some more pee. One spurt of pee followed by three more spurts of pee. I get inside and make it to the bathroom. Even with the 7 spurts of pee that gushed out of me, I still had a lot of pee in me that I let out. After finishing, I noticed I had a pretty good size wet spot on the front of my pants (which were my work pants cause I went to work about 45 minutes to an hour-hour and half after getting home). I leave the gas station to head home and once home, I start to think about changing my pants. I decided that I won't cause then I'd be short a pair of pants for the week as where I work, we're given 5 pair of pants for each day. So i ended up going to work in the same pants that I ended up leaking 7 times in ;)

Hope that you all like this story. I have another story similar to this one that happened to me while I was actually at work covering for my supervisor when he was on vacation that will be coming soon ;) :)

*002*2014-08-01 10:11

{{ 

Good story just a few minor errors. Like the desperation level of 3 and then a large increase such that you leaked like a few minutes later.

}}

Well I was on the verge of being diabetic as I was having to pee every 30 minutes to an hour at the time. So my desperation need would climb dramatically.

*005*2014-08-05 21:49

{{ 

Very interesting; I hate having to wait for something when I'm at the point of bursting. :)

}}

{{ 

Once you've prepaid for the gas, you have to stand there by the pump and put it in. No opportunity to run for the rest room until that's done. I recall one time when I was in that situation - I hadn't realized how badly I needed to pee until I started pumping the gas!

}}

And to top all that, the sound of the gas being dispensed out didn't make matters better either lol :)

