Very very close call!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-11-25 20:42

Hello everyone, I've missed you all!

Firstly, I wanted to say I really love the community here and how it makes me feel less and less embarrassed about my secret! Hardly a secret to you guys though, but I'm pretty sure you can all relate.

This is a story from earlier today 25/11/12 or 11/25/12 if you're American! I need a significant wee as we speak, it feels quite urgent externally but it's one of those ones where you can feel your kidneys working extra hard.

So in my Italian class on a Wednesday we have a stupid 3 hour lesson from 14:00-17:00. We get given a break at 15:30 just for context.

I'd normally leave my house at 13:15 to get the 13:20 bus, so I got myself already to go and thought I'd sort something on my phone out before going to the loo and leaving, then I'd hold it until I got back. I'd had a fair amount of water and juice, and I realised at 13:14 what the time was and quickly made my way downstairs.

I wore a grey hoodie, blue Tshirt, light blue jeans, blue panties with pineapples on, one pink sock with a flamingo and the other black and white with pink butterflies. Lol. I didn't wear a bra because I try to avoid it since I hurt my shoulder over the summer and today's classroom has really annoying desks.

Anyway, I realised as I was waiting for the bus that I hadn't gone to the loo for about 40-45 minutes. I wasn't worried as I knew I was in control but it was extremely cold out. I checked to see if there was anything in my bladder. You know where you internally push to see what it feels like? There was more than I expected but I wasn't concerned.

I got on the bus and off at my stop and went to class. Despite getting the later bus I still was 30 minutes early! After wasting time trying to find an app that doesn't need Internet earlier making me miss routine loo breaks, I decided to give in and get some cellular data anyway, to talk to my bf and homeanddry, I knew he'd be interested in this development you see!

Okay so the class was horrendous, we did the conditional tense which is something I've done 9 million times so I breezed through the activities. By 15:00 I was acutely aware of my need and was bouncing my leg slightly. I had to go quite significantly at 15:28 and our teacher said we could have a break, but I saw that homeanddry had asked what I was going to do, so I thought i would stick it out for a bit, and see how I felt towards the end of the 30 minute break.

I spoke to another English student and a German guy and was quite cold, leaning over the bannister and pushing on my bladder to check its capacity, but also half climbing on the barriers. I'm quite a fidgety person anyway but a lot of that was from needing to go! However at 15:50 I decided I could wait until the end of class.

Again the activities were easy and I was struggling to keep my feet still. I could feel my bladder filling as I was sat and i was very aware of it! We finish at 17:00 but quite often get out earlier so I was hoping I could make the 17:06 bus. We got out late this time though! I didn't want to miss a second bus so I skipped a visit to the bathroom for the third time and went to the bus stop.

As soon as I was in the cold air my fidgety 6/7 grew into a difficult 8 and I had to slow down walking because of that and also because my shoe was loose. I was doing hurried but short steps and my shoe caused me trip on some cobbles! I managed to land on my feet somehow, but I'm confident that I would have lost it then had I fallen properly!

I did a weird hobble-shuffle the remaining 10 feet to the bus stop and had about a 15 minute wait. My hands and legs soon became cold, and before I knew it all of me was cold and tired, I was finding it hard to clench my bladder, and couldn't help but cross my legs and bounce a bit. My hoodie has one of those pockets that you can put both hands in. I used that to pull down over my legs so onlookers couldn't see just how pressed together they were and gripped tightly into my thigh with desperation. I have a picture of that! Any darkness is just shadow - you can see it at the end of the post (sorry).

I spent the wait fighting waves and little warning spasms from my bladder.

I got on the bus which was 6 minutes late, and had an uncomfortable ride back, when I stood up to get off the bus I realised it was urgent and rushed to the flats. Luckily the car gate was left open so I made it into the lot quickly, and then into the main building with ease as the door was open, but my bladder was aching and throbbing. I ran to the lift and went up one story just so I could stop moving, and felt my bladder start to push involuntarily. I squeezed with all my might and got my keys out, lurched out of the lift and danced as I undid the lock to my front door.

I started quickly then had to stop as a very big wave hit, I had to put both hands between my legs and then gingerly inched towards the bathroom. I got to the toilet and danced as I tried to undo my stubborn jeans button, I could feel I was about to let go and thankfully managed to get my clothes clear and start to sit down by the time it released involuntarily. I didn't even get sat down before it started and then it poured out of me!

So very relieving!

Hope you enjoyed it

Btw my need currently is a good 8 and I'm wiggling my feet as I lie in bed!

EQ x

*005*2015-12-06 13:15

{{: 

Quite a fun story, wish I'd have seen this fiascos

}}

Haha I'm sure many people would have seen, but attributed it to the cold!

{{: 

Nice experience, thanks for posting.

}}

Glad you enjoyed it!

{{:

I love this story, you really pushed yourself here in public situation, well done on showing off your abilities successfully.

}}

Yes, My 'abilities' lol! I honestly didn't think I'd get home

{{ 

Awesome. Were your knickers dry when you got to the toilet or did you leak?

}}

Haha surprisingly dry but that is unusual for me :P

*007*2015-12-06 17:41

{{ 

Ha! Do you regularly leak/dribble?

}}

Well i regularly lose a few drops from holding too long!

