Jumper Wetting: My Very First Public Accident

Author: teenyfoxpaws

*000*2015-02-10 22:24

As a child, i always had bad bladder problems. Even so my parents never put me in pullups... So they always had to rush me to the bathroom and glady they were able to make it before I released. However, this time my parents weren't there to rush me.

I was about 7 years of age. I was sitting in my schools cafeteria waiting for my mom to pick me up. I went to a parochial school where we had to wear uniforms. I sat on the floor in my little jumper and cute black mary jane shoes with pure white lacey socks. My back lay relaxed against the wall. At the time, All i did was play my Game Boy Advanced SP, i literally gave anything up to continue playing. I start to feel pressure but i ignored it. I had my silver SP placed close to my face. I switch GBA games out to Pokemon Ruby because i really wanted to catch my favorite pokemon: Absol... Absol still being my favorite. I curled up, i stretched out. As time passed, i couldn't decide what was most comfortable. Pressure continued to build but I disregarded it and changed positions to help delude it.

A couple hours passed and many kids left, but I remained. I still layed by the wall squirming for the right spot. I wanted to continue my search for Absol which was unsuccessful but the force compressing my small bladder got the best of me. I slipped my SP into my backpack and slowly made my way to the teachers table squeezing my legs to help relieve pressure. I shyly asked if i could go to the bathroom and they asked if it was an emergancy even though i was basically doing a little potty dance and it took every ounce of strength a little 7 year old girl had to hold it. I blushed at the question and grinded my teeth as a few drops squeezed out into my panties. My face said it all, I didn't have to explain. They let me go.

I took the bathroom pass and slowly ascended through the double doors to the main hall. To the right was the principal's office, and also where the closest bathroom was. Upon entering the double doored hallway, I spirited at fast i could to the bathroom without hesitation. I could feel tears about to run down my cheeks. I turned the corner and reached for the door handle opening it. I was met with a small boxy room of white. I stopped in the doorway of the restroom. I looked at the bright white toilet and felt warmth fill my panties..

My face flushed as the liquid descended down my pale legs and on to the floor below. Some had even ran into my socks turning them a bright yellow. I felt it stain the front of my jumper leaving a decently large wet spot. I could feel the stream depleting. I was never was as still as i was then as i regain control.. A mixture of relief and embarrassment flooded my thoughts. My legs, my feet, and everything in between were saturated.. I turned to move but the puddle that swished under my feet reminded me of what had just happened, what i just had done. I started to tear up. I shuffled in shame to the doors and made my way in the cafeteria once more. I told the teacher what happened and Gladly, it was cleaned up.

I was able to get it out of mind, until recently when i had an accident in public last week.. And yet it's weird to think that wetting is something i hated as a kid and is now something i absolutely love now.

*002*2015-02-11 00:00

{{ 

You just barely didn't make it? I love seeing that / hearing about that ^.^

Very good story!

}}

Thank you ^\\\^ heh heh.. ;////; I seem to have that "I almost made it" recurring quite a bit ;~;

*004*2015-02-11 01:34

{{ 

This why we praise the Lord above for inventing diapers, lol. And they can server multiple purposes- the intended one, and a pleasurable one as well.

}}

If only my parents kept me in them xD

*006*2015-02-11 01:53

{{ 

Parents are a bit unreasonable with them >//<

}}

<\\\< i guess they just didn't want a 7 year old girl in pullups >\\\\<

*008*2015-02-11 02:41

{{ 

It seems that would have been better than wet sheets every night, but oh well. It's all in the past now

}}

In all honestly, i wear pads to bed because i feel like i may dribble ;///;

Atleast when i'm not in a nice comfy diaper <3

*011*2015-02-14 15:52

{{ 

Thanks for sharing, growing up I also suffered from key in latch incontinence, arriving almost in time, or starting to pee a little too soon.

}}

<\\\\< yup... that's why i wear pads normally since i rather not leak involuntarily in public..

{{ 

Another cute story, I love "almost made it" stories :)

}}

T-Thank you ^\\\^ i hope i don't have too many to share in the upcoming future ^^' ;////;

*014*2015-02-17 20:23

{{ 

Awww

}}

Thank you <\\\\\<

