Peeing while driving

Author: ishatgoats

*000*2015-07-20 10:31

So this happened to me earlier today.

I was driving in a rental car from one town to another, about a 30-45 min drive. I'd drank a fair bit prior to leaving the first town, but didn't really give it much thought as my bladder wasn't showing any signs of being full. I got about 10mins in, about 15km from the first town, when my bladder started to fill up.. FAST!! I could feel it filling pretty quickly. I figured i'd still be ok at this stage as i can normally hold it for a while. Anyway, by the time i got to my destination, i was really desperate to go.. My muscles kept on contracting and twitching and spasming around my bladder and groin area.. Normally when i'm busting to go, and actually trying to hold it in, i can feel what only can be described as my muscles around my penis closing up and holding it in. This time, i was that desperate, it felt like they were opening up.. But thankfully i was still holding it in..

Anyway, i got to the location i had to go to, and figured i'd see how long i really could hold it in. Seeing as i wasn't really in a rush to go inside, i turned around and drove back the way i came.. I drove for about another 20-25mins before my desperation was reaching a critical point. I decided to turn around and head back to my destination.

About 5mins later, I pulled over and took my shorts off. It was winter, but it was still warm, and I figured that if it was going to happen, i wanted a clean pair of clothes to wear at my destination. Just the action of standing made me want to go even more. But i held it in, and I jumped back in the car and continued on.

I got about 3-4km from where i was originally going before i actually leaked a little. Only a little bit, but it was enough. Enough to create that little wet spot in my panties at the tip of my penis. Enough that, with that wet spot, i knew i was not going to hold it in any longer.

And then suddenly, at 80km/hr on a road to a small town, it happened. It just squirted out of me. Or a better word would be gushed. The drivers seat became a warm pool of pee under my ass. I continued driving, and peeing at the same time.. The warmth was just so satisfying, especially on a road at speed. It felt like i drove and pee'd simultaneously for at least 20mins, but in reality it would have only been a few minutes because i reached my destination. My ass was so wet, my panties were so saturated, the drivers seat was just drenched. But i felt content. Wet, warm, and content. :)

I used the very little dry bits of my panties to wipe myself down, and put my shorts back on and went in to where i was supposed to be going. I'm still here actually (doing a live action omorashi hold in another post on these forums). I'm just hoping that the drivers seat will be dry by morning so I can drive back to where i came from. lol

