Our Trip To Bali

Author: Missypee

*000*2015-10-31 11:29

Matt and I have just returned from holidays in Bali. Originally we were flying over to celebrate one of Matt’s good friend’s milestone birthdays, but we decided to stay on for another week after the others had left.

I was stressing so much before we left about how I was going to smuggle my diapers into the country. If I had my bag searched I would die of embarrassment if they started ripping open the pack of Molicares in front of everyone, not to mention my plastic pants.

It’s been 10 years since I last visited this beautiful country, at the time I was living with my best friend Lauren. We partied pretty hard in those days and more often than not I would wake up in a wet bed in the morning. At that stage of my life I hadn’t started wearing diapers again, I just dealt with my problem as it happened with a plastic sheet and a towel if I did happen to wake through the night to find I had once again wet myself in my sleep . At first I didn’t want to go, I had never been out of the country, not that worried me but my “problem” did!! I have wet the bed most of my life, although I can usually stay dry if I don’t drink, who goes away to party and not drink.

Lauren is so persuasive, she suggested we room together and she would help cover for me if I wet the bed. Eventually I gave in, and agreed to go. I took a plastic sheet with me along with plenty of PJ bottoms and panties (I don’t wear tops) I was just going to “wing it” if I peed the bed and hope we wouldn’t get thrown out of the resort we were staying in.

Bali was still reeling from the drop in tourist from the bombings although we didn’t know it at the time. We were welcomed so warmly and I started to fall in love with the people the country and their carefree attitude of live and let live. Nothing was too hard or too much trouble.

We wasted no time it getting into fulltime party mode as six single girls ventured into to night life of this crazy island of never ending bars.

We had the best time, the others were boy crazy, Lauren and I just preferred to get drunk because we were already an item and didn’t really need guys in our lives to complicate things. We just didn’t tell the others. By the time we got to bed we were smashed.............. Mission accomplished!!

Next morning was a different story; I woke in the early hours with the “dry horrors” only to find I had no need to pee, I had wet the bed! Well drowned it would have been a better description, my sheets were sopping I guzzled some water, got a towel to lay on my bed, changed into dry pjs and panties, made sure I hadn’t wet Lauren and went back to sleep.

We woke again later, we were both suffering massive hangovers, I had no idea what to do with my wet sheets and things, so we went to breakfast for some inspiration, not that we were feeling hungry.

By the time we returned to our room it had been made up. I thought I would be in trouble until i found an extra towel on my bed and a sweet little note from one of the house keeping staff

“We are sorry for your accident Miss S, please contact management if we can be of further assistance “

OMG, I couldn’t believe it, I was half expecting to be thrown out for wetting my bed although I did use a plastic sheet which saved their mattress. Oh but I still felt so guilty. We only had a week stay, and with a couple of very heavy nights I managed to soak my sheets another two times. Fortunately none of the others found out or I would have never lived it down.

When we left I left a thank you note and a sizable tip on my bed, they had washed my pissy clothes and sheets without complaint, and the staff had really made our holiday and started me on the road to “nothing is impossible”

This trip I was going to be more organised, although I think this time I was way more nervous. I wore a pull up on the plane, because last trip we were locked in our seats through some turbulent weather and I almost wet myself waiting for the all clear.

All my stressing was for nothing, although I did have several nervous pees on the flight over, I never got into a situation where I thought I was going to wet myself.

We landed in Bali, the airport had been completely upgraded this time, getting through customs was a dream. No bag searches, I did breathe a massive sigh of relief. My diapers were safe, no wet beds on this trip I thought.

Our taxi picked us up and took us to our resort. We had made plans to meet by the bar and pool area just after lunch for a catch up as everyone had different flights and would be arriving at all different times in the morning.

I unpacked, put on a pair of teal coloured shorts I had brought for the trip, along with a tank top as the weather was quiet warm. We were really looking forward to meeting the others, so we wasted no time in getting up to the bar area.

Everyone was on such a high, and the beers began to flow. I am usually a wine drinker, but wine isn’t that popular in Bali, so I started on beer and got chatting to the other girls.

I had forgotten just how fast beer goes through me, I didn’t want to be going to the loo every 5 minutes so I held on so as not to “break the seal” too early and spend all my time sitting on the toilet. I soon found out there was only one ladies toilet for the whole area, so by the time I was ready to go for a wee I had to wait my turn . I sat, watched and chatted as my beer induced urges grew stronger and stronger.

Without warning I got the strongest urge to pee, it shocked me it came on so quickly. I was almost sure that I had leaked a little bit into my panties. I held my breath stiffened, clenched everything up and hoped it would subside long enough to make a bee line for the loo. When I thought the bathroom was vacant, I made my move only to find the door locked!

OH My God I needed to wee, I pranced outside the door, my bladder quivering and on the verge of totally failing me. I held myself, I had no choice it was either than or I would be wetting my pants.

Finally the door opened, I rushed in, nearly knocking to other poor girl out of my way, I grabbed the drawstring on my shorts and gave it a mighty yank.

It was then that I realised what I had done, my shorts were brand new, I had never tried them on. When I put them on in my room I discovered the drawstring seems too long so I doubled knotted the bow.

Oh Fuck! I had just pulled my drawstring into a tightly bunched knot.

Frantically I pulled and yanked at the cord hoping by some miracle it would free up so I could get my pants down. It held firm as little squirts of pee now warmed my pussy and started running down my legs. I gave up on the knot and tried to force my shorts down over my hips which only tighten the knotted cord even more. Ever muscle inside me burned!

Then Spurt, Spurt............Whoosh! my bladder gave up the fight and I stood helplessly wetting my pants.

Instinctively I sat on the bowl and let my whole bladder empty itself through my panties and shorts.

The relief was amazing but now what am I going to do, I sat and waited for the drops of pee to slowly stop dripping off my wet bum and pondered my situation. By now I was sure there would be others waiting their turn to pee. I stood and did my best to wipe as much pee off my legs and pants before going to face the rest. There was no way I could sneak past everyone without being noticed.

I was doomed, weak bladder I love you!!

Sure enough there was another lady waiting outside, she was so desperate she didn’t even see I had wet myself; she rushed in to hopefully avoid another pair of wet pants herself.

Sheepishly I left the toilet and ventured into party central. At first no one noticed, and then one of the girls spied my wet patch. My secret was out.

“What happened?”

“I couldn’t get my pants down, so I sat on the toilet and pissed myself”

Our group erupted in laughter, I had enough to drink to hardly feel embarrassed, instead I did a re enactment of me fighting with my shorts and eventually wetting myself to explain just what happened. By now I was actually finding my situation funny, sometimes it’s just easier to laugh at ourselves. No one was grossed out by what I had done. One girl even shouted “you’re not a Bali girl until you have pissed your pants at least once “ I giggled at the thought of someone doing it as well and secretly hoped I would hear of someone else’s pee stories for a change.

I was just about to go to our room to change into some dry clothes when the cute Balinese barman with a beaming smile came up to me and presented me with a towel to wrap around my wet bum .

I had forgotten just how thoughtful these people are.

I walked to our room, with Matt following a little way behind. I thought I was going to get into trouble until I got to our room and discovered I had left my bag and room card in my bag back at the pool area.

Matt the “super organised” had come to rescue me, or so I thought. We went inside our room, I began to apologise for being so careless. Matt never said a word; we wrapped our arms around each other and started kissing. We had hardly touched each other in 3 weeks. Matt flew in late on Wednesday evening and we were back on a plane early Thursday. Everything was a rush, no time for intimacies.

Now was time to catch up, we were both so horny, Matt wrapped his arms around me, grabbed the waist band of my shorts and gave me a “pee pants wedgie”. Oh it set me on fire! Then he started rubbing me through my wet panties. I worked myself against his finger, not wanting our pissy foreplay to stop. It made me pant, oh I wanted him so bad. Matt untied my shorts and quickly slipped them off leaving my panties as a soaking veil over my pussy. I undid his pants and gently pushed him onto the bed and crawled on top as if to claim my prey. I pulled my panties to one side and eased him inside me. Oh My God, if this isn’t heaven it must be pretty close to it!

We went at it like wild things, fuelled by a little alcohol and forced separation; we had both been looking for this moment for weeks. It was fantastic! We finished in each other’s arms, I could have stayed there for the rest of the night but we had to return to the gathering.

We showered quickly and returned to the group. Everyone had guessed what we had been up to.

The guys applauded and formed a “guard of honour “for the conquering man beast as he returned to his “throne”

I slipped quietly around the back, not wanting to be noticed and actually feeling more embarrassed than I did when I wet my pants!

We partied on for the rest of the night, only stopping to have dinner. Matt and I retired about midnight. We had had a really big day. I was a little drunk so Matt gave me a hand to put my diaper on. The air conditioning was icy cold so we snuggled together as if it was a cold winter’s night at home.

In the morning, my decision to smuggle diapers paid off, I never woke once during the night, I sleep so heavily when I have been drinking. My Molicares were soaking which is such an awesome feeling to wake to. No wet bed just a beautiful warm wet diaper wrapped around my bum. This is going to be the best holiday!

*005*2015-11-02 08:59

I did look too, as a matter of curiously, but like you didn't find any either. I'm glad I chose to take my own, it was worth the stress of discovery

*008*2015-11-03 22:47

I don't know what we are doing next year, we haven't planned anything, but we will visit Bali again one day

*010*2015-11-04 06:22

Thankyou Gobphus, I do really appreciate your lovely comments

