I've Been into Omorashi Since Age 4

Author: irishgirl

*000*2012-08-08 12:00

As far back as I can remember I have had a thing for wetting.

I remember being extremely fascinated by the episodes of children's shows that featured bedwetting or toilet training by age four.

At four, I saw a cartoon where a baby bear crawls out of bed behind the mama bear's back and then gets caught and spanked. I re-enacted this scene repeatedly with my stuffed animals, but I added that the baby bear had wet the bed.

I had mild stress incontinence until I was six, so I leaked a lot, but it didn't bother me. I wet the bed until I was six as well.

In first grade I began to pee into the carpeting in a room of my house where no one but our two cats went. I continued this until 3rd grade when my mom caught me.

My summer camp was the only place I could use the internet, and in fourth grade I began using the camp computers to search bedwetting and incontinence. This was 2004; youtube didn't even exist yet, so everything I found was academic or treatment-related in nature

I constantly sought out books containing even the slightest hints of wetting material. I read potty training books, epilepsy books, multiple sclerosis books, sleep disorder books, medical manuals, and even pet training books.

I had a lot of characters in my head that I liked to make elaborate fantasies about, and their stories almost always involved wetting or desperation. I started writing the stories down at 8.

In fifth grade I really began exploring wetting as a sexual thing, although I had no idea it was sexual at the time. I began to manipulate my friends into mentioning their wetting experiences over the phone and started an ongoing roleplay with my best friend that featured a five-year-old with bladder problems (me) and a guardian of sorts that liked to create obstacles to prevent her from going to the bathroom (her, but at my prompting). I began to hold and wet for fun and also pee in jars and bottles and sinks and my backyard. The summer after fifth grade was when I found urination and desperation depicted sexually for the first time: at camp I came across bound2burst's image gallery. They had just been created, and though I didn't quite understand what I was seeing, I liked it intensely.

In sixth grade I got awful food poisoning and needed diapers because I was too weak to get to the bathroom on my own. I only used a few in the two days I was sick but I kept the diapers and used them sparingly.

In seventh grade I began purposely wetting my bed while awake and hiding the evidence until I could wash it myself. I wrote into a journal "I wet the bed" over and over for several pages and my mom found it and interrogated me about it. I said it wasn't true and was a joke but she didn't believe me. She never mentioned it again, though.

At 14 I discovered how to masturbate just by crossing my legs with a full bladder. I got home internet that year and finally discovered that I was not alone and that my interest was a sexual thing. I felt like a disgusting freak and forced myself to abstain from my fetish for the next year. Then at 15 I found animepee.co.uk, as this site used to be called, and began to embrace my wetting fetish.

I am 18 now. My fetish isn't as strong as it used to be, but it's definitely still here, and I've come to love it.

*003*2012-08-08 22:10

{{ 

This was fun to read! As a kid, I always loved it when cartoons had desperation or wetting in it. the only question i have is why did you check out epilepsy books? because i have epilepsy and i want to know if this can give me an excuse to tell my mom i want diapers or pee my pants or something.

}}

I read epilepsy books so I could find stories and mentions of people wetting themselves during a seizure. Yeah... I went pretty far to get my fix.

