Wet my pants at work today

Author: liric

*000*2013-05-21 06:14

As I was sitting in my cubicle this morning, I had to take a leak and figured I might wet my pants. I've considered it many times but never really did.

I dribbled a little bit dampening my boxer-briefs and figured in a little while, I'd retire to the men's room to finish in the toilet and take care of business.

Then I remembered I had a spare pair of briefs in drawer for the occasional day I ride my bike to work.

So I wet a little more. Then a little more. I was damp in my crotch.

I was wearing dark-grey slacks so you couldn't tell unless you really looked hard.

I remembered stories I read from public pants wetters saying that nobody is going to think you peed your pants. They will think the spot is spilled water or coffee or whatever. So I didn't worry. And my job can be done with very little interaction with my co-workers.

Right before lunch, I walked to the back stairway and wet my pants. I was self conscious so it was a bit harder than usual but I ended up wet down both legs from crotch to cuff kind of down the back. I didn't make a puddle on the floor.

I walked to the men's room. On the way there, I passed an older woman. She didn't notice. There was another guy in the men's room washing his hands. I said hello as I walked into the first stall.

After he walked out, I got some towels and cleaned myself off and changed my underwear.

Then came the question of what to do with the wet underwear. I couldn't toss them in the garbage and I didn't have a bag to put them in. I also had to walk past two security guards and who knows who else to get to my car. I wrapped them in paper towels and shoved them in my pocket. I had tried to dry my pants off too to no avail. Still, you couldn't tell unless you really looked.

I went for a walk at lunch to dry off in the sun.

I can't believe I wet my pants at work.

And I work with several beautiful women - including my supervisor. I can't imagine what any of them would have thought if they knew that I was sitting in pants that I had just peed in. If they knew that I had a pair of wet underwear in my trunk like some kid who had an accident.

Who knows how I would have handled it if my supervisor called me into her office and noticed I - a grown man - had wet my pants? I'd have to tell her I was ill and take the rest of the day off.

The fear of getting caught wetting my pants by a female authority figure gets me hot. The authority figures at work are female.

So I peed my pants at work.

Nuts.

