Desperation at work today

Author: Littlemissl

*000*2015-10-21 20:46

I thought i would share my experience today at work.

So first I'll start by discribing myself a little...I have long dark wavey hair, green eyes, I'm 5 feet 4 inches tall and around 160 pounds, so yes i am a chubby curvy girl! Today i was wearing black panties with pink hello kitty all over the butt with a plain black tshirt bra, some black leggings and a burgandy oversided jumper/sweatshirt with some frilly socks and my doc Martin lace up shoes.

By 2pm i had drunk 2 venti coffees and 2 750ml bottles of water and my bladder was so full that i was squirming in my chair at my desk and work, feeling the pressure in my tummy telling me how much i needed to pee, so i kept drinking water determined to hold it, i could already feel myself getting aroused by how much i needed to pee knowing that i wanted so badly to be naughty and soak my panties but i was at work!! So i decided i could let a tiny little squirt out no one would ever know! I reached down and discreetly squeezed my crotch and let a little squirt of piss out into my hello kitty panties. I could feel them dampen instantly but only enough for a finger print sized wet patch!

3pm comes and im so desperate i know i need to pee! So i decide to go to the bathroom struggling to walk without doing the pee dance across the office i need to go so bad that i feel like i could burst any second. Inside the toilet cubical and rub myself through my panties, slipping down my leggings i sot down on the toilet and allow myself to pee my panties a little more so these a decent size wet patch, i know i can't do what i want to do and soak these hello kitty panties in my hot piss so i pull them to one side and finish off my pee in the toilet, letting my stream soak my fingers. After im done i slip my panties back over and give myself another little rub getting even more turned on with the wet patch on them knowing how naughty i have been! I get up and before pulling up my leggings slip my fingers inaide my panties and coat my fingers in a mix of my wettness from being so fucking horny and my piss and lick my fingers before leaving the cubical!

Going back to my desk knowing what a naughty bad girl I have been is so so hot!

I hope you enjoyed reading! Please share your comments and stories! Id love some feedback!! :)

*004*2015-10-22 07:23

Thank you for the lovely comments, its good to share hehe of anyone wants to share anything with me please feel free to private message or share here x

*007*2015-10-22 11:48

I know Nephron! It was so risky, but i love being naughty...because being punished always feels soo good xD

*010*2015-10-24 15:38

They were dry by the time i got home, but then when i was going to shower i decided to soak them. So i sat on the edge of the bath in my hello kitty panties, by now i was desperate again so i rubbed myself a little and then let out a little squirt of piss into my panties and other...before i knew it my panties were soaking and my hot slightly yellow piss was all over the bathtub! I rubbed a little more before taking off my panties and getting into the shower where i finished off my pee and showered like a good girl...eventually after that had some dirty hot sex with my girlfriend using our favourite glass toy!

