A not-so-finished bedwetter

Author: Punk Hazardous

*000*2012-11-29 07:22

J- Well, D loves this story, so here I go.

I used to be a chronic bedwetter as a child. It honestly happened almost every night that I had a routine: wake up to a wet bed, go strip my clothes, wash up, strip the bed (it had one of those pads under the matress), and throw everything into the washer that would be started in the morning.

I would like to say that it was just a short phase, but it was not to be. I finally stopped wetting the bed at 11 years old (as a guesstimate) and went on with life. I didn't have anymore nighttime wettings and eventually got to have that matress pad taken away. About 3 years passed and I was now 14. I had gone to bed like usual after my normal routine. Nothing different. I woke up from this intense pressure on my bladder. I was literally about to burst.

Now, my room is not far from the bathroom. It would be about 15 feet from the side of my bed to the toilet. As I quickly woke up, I knew I had to pee desperately. But I also knew that I would never make it to the toilet, even if I tried. With that realization on me, I just simply let go. It was not a dribble into a river, but a river into a waterfall. I WENT. The relief was glorious and it was so warm to lay in that puddle around my lower half.

As embarassed as I should have felt...I wasn't. I was strangely calm about it all with no feelings of remorse. I just did what I had usually done as a child. Though, to this day, if you look closely at the matress, you can make out a very light yellow colored stain near the middle of the bed.

There's my story! I hope you enjoyed that little bid of information. :) If you have any stories of your own, go ahead and tell them. I would love to hear.

