Unexpected, desperate wetting at a mall

Author: dz7784

*000*2013-06-11 09:51

This particular incident actually happened a few years ago. I was at an area mall, mostly just browsing and buying a few random things here and there. I had just bought some cd's and dvd's at the record store, when I realized I had to pee. I decided to go to the restrooms on the top floor of the department store, as they usually provided the most privacy (I'm pretty shy and nervous about relieving myself in public restrooms). My need to go wasn't very urgent at all, I was feeling lazy, and on top of that, I had recently sprained my ankle. So I decided to take the elevator, even though it was notorious for being INCREDIBLY slow (it was a pretty old elevator), and taking the stairs was easily the quicker option. When I pushed the button for the top floor, it took forever for the doors to finally slowly start to close. Just as they started to close, I heard a girl yell, "WAIT! PLEASE HOLD THE DOOR!"

I quickly slid my foot between the doors just in time to stop the doors so the girl could get in the elevator with me. I was instantly struck by how gorgeous and hot she was. She was wearing a tight pair of really short jean shorts that showed off her fantastic ass, and a tight, low-cut, little black t-shirt that revealed her impressive cleavage. She wasn't very tall, maybe 5'2", and she was in incredible shape. I had to keep myself from checking her out too much, as it probably would've made for an awkward and long ride up. I pressed the "close door" button to try to speed up the elevator, knowing that it wouldn't help anyways. When the doors finally started creeping shut, I noticed that the girl was bouncing from one foot to the other, holding her crotch, and bending/squatting up and down desperately.

As we were waiting for the elevator to start going up, she said, "Oh God, please hurry. I have to pee so bad." So I asked her, "You do know this elevator takes forever and a day to get going, don't you? I'm only on here because taking the stairs is kind of a pain with a sprained ankle." She desperately said, "No, I didn't know that. This is my first time at this mall." I tried hiding my excitement, but to no avail. She caught me staring at her, and she gave me a curious kind of look. She remarked, "You're looking a little excited by this." I nervously rubbed my forehead, peeked over at her again, and replied, "Yeeeah. Ummmm...please don't judge me." I ashamedly turned away when she actually giggled, bit her lip a little bit, and said, "It's okay. Everybody has one thing or another that they get into like that. Who am I to judge?"

I gave her a shocked look. It was literally almost 5 minutes before the elevator FINALLY started slowly creeping upward, and she exclaimed, "Thank God!" In response, I said, "I hate to break it to you, but it's going to take just as long for the elevator to settle and let the doors open." She whimpered, "Nooooo. You're kidding right." I sympathetically, and excitedly told her, "Nope, I'm sorry to say this, but this elevator is pretty well known for taking forever to do ANYTHING." The lights for each floor sloooooowly lit up, one after the other. The last light before the top floor finally lit up, and we were almost there.

As she let out a sigh of relief, the elevator came to a sudden halt. The emergency light came on, indicating that the elevator was stuck between floors. A look of panic swept over her face, and she cried out, "Oh God. No no no no." I opened up the emergency phone box to call for help, upon which I was informed it could take up to an hour or 2 for a rescue crew and the maintenance crew to arrive and free us from our temporary jail cell. They told me they would call the phone back to let us know when they were ready. I hung up the phone, looked over at her, and hopelessly told her, "We're gonna be here for a while." She could do nothing more than moan and do a sexy little pee-pee dance. We started talking to take her mind off her full bladder. 

We were actually able to kill about 15 minutes with random conversations, her urge to let go getting very visibly more and more intense. By this point, she was panting, and I could see a little bit of sweat starting to form on her forehead. All she could do was desperately whimper and moan. I looked at her, smiled a little bit, and told her, "Don't worry. If you pee in your pants, who am I to judge you?" I added a little wink. She laughed at my subtle little joke/hint and smiled, almost as if to let me know that she knew exactly what was on my mind. She lost focus for just a second. Then she suddenly tensed up, and squeezed her legs tightly shut, jamming both of her hands between them. She looked at me, and quietly said to me, "Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. I don't know if I can hold it anymore, and I think a little bit of pee squirted out." My eyes widened, my jaw dropped, I was breathing heavily, and I was completely unable to hide my excitement any longer.

I was trying my best to conceal my crotch from her, as I was incredibly hard by now. She smiled at me, raised her eyebrows a little bit, giggled sexily, and asked, "What're you hiding over there?" I was completely shocked and embarrassed, knowing that she had caught me trying to keep my erection out of sight. I moved my hands out of the way, set down my bags, and said, "Nothing. I'm not hiding anything." She giggled some more, started rubbing the insides of her thighs briefly, and took a few steps toward me. Before she got to me, she froze, bent over and squatting half way down. She looked up at me and said, "Oh shit! I think I'm about to pee! I can't hold it anymore. I can't hold it anymore." As she kept repeating to me that she couldn't hold it anymore, she quickly unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts.

As she pulled her shorts down, I could see the wet spot that had started to form on them, accompanied by a stream of pee trickling down her legs. She squeezed her legs tightly around her hands one last time, trying desperately to stop peeing. Surprisingly she was able to stop, but only for a very brief moment. She was barely able to stand back up to pull her panties down her legs. She immediately squatted back down, leaned back against the side of the elevator and simultaneously released an incredibly powerful stream of pee that seemed to go on forever. By now, I had given up hope of concealing myself at all, and my hand was down my pants stroking my cock. I had to stop myself, because I was about to cum in my pants. She was moaning loudly the whole time as she continued to pee ALL OVER the floor of the elevator. I don't think I ever heard a stream of pee hissing so loudly as it sprayed out of her pussy. She kept peeing for well over a minute, possibly over a minute and a half.

When she was finally done peeing, she closed her eyes and smiled blissfully, looking almost as if she had just had an intense orgasm. She opened her eyes and looked at me, and she said with a smile, "You look like you can't hold it anymore either." I was still completely froze in place trying to keep myself from cumming. She stood up slowly, letting her shorts and panties fall to the floor and rubbing her pussy on her way up. She walked over by me and started un-doing my shorts. She made quick work of the button and zipper, and pulled my shorts down along with my boxers. As she grabbed my cock and started jacking me off, she grabbed my hand with her other hand and guided it to her pussy. As I started rubbing her clit, she surprised me with another shockingly strong stream of pee. I couldn't believe that she still had more pee inside her, and that MUCH more pee at that! When she was finally done letting out the remainder of her pee, I slid my finger inside her dripping pussy.

As I did this, she started moaning intensely into my ear and licking it. It wasn't long before I tensed up and told her that I was about to cum. She told me she was going to cum too. Then she pushed my hand away and started fingering herself. At the same time, she bent down and took me all the way into her mouth and started sucking and licking my cock vigorously. Within seconds, I started cumming incredibly hard in her mouth. Her moans had rapidly gone up in intensity, when she suddenly tensed up and grabbed my hand tightly.

She pushed her mouth all the way down to the bottom of my cock and held it there. I could feel her hand start to shake, as did the rest of her body. When she started cumming, she was moaning so loud it almost sounded like she was screaming. The entire time, she kept her mouth firmly pressed down on the bottom of my cock. I couldn't believe my ears when I heard MORE hissing coming from her pussy, as her orgasm was accompanied by squirting! By the time we were both finished, we collapsed onto the floor, careful to avoid the large puddles of pee and squirt juice. I stared off into space for a few minutes.

I was asking myself in my head if this all had really just happened. It seemed absolutely impossible. We both started to gather our senses, and I realized that I wasn't just dreaming. This fact was startlingly made clear when the emergency phone rang. When I answered, I was informed that the maintenance and rescue teams had finally arrived and would be descending down the elevator shaft momentarily (no pun intended). We both quickly got our clothes back on, and about 5-10 minutes later we could hear the first rescue worker step onto the top of the elevator. We both smiled at each other, knowing what we had just gotten away with.

When a little door on top of the elevator car opened, the guy peeked in and immediately asked us about the smell that had now filled the elevator. My new friend faked a little bit of embarrassment, and she explained that since we had been waiting for just over an hour for help, there was no chance she was going to be able to hold it for that long. He shrugged it off and simply said, "Oh well. I guess these things happen". When we were finally out of the elevator and walking back to our cars, she grabbed my shoulder when we walked up to her car and told me to wait just a second. She reached into her glove compartment and grabbed a pen. She wrote down her number on a notepad, handed it to me and smiled, then she got into her car and waved seductively at me one more time as she drove off.

*011*2013-06-13 04:40

I appreciate everybody's constructive criticism. I'll be sure to use paragraphs next time. I'll also make sure any fictional works go in the Fanfiction forum. I don't know if it helps, but the story is loosely based on something that actually did happen to me. The real event wasn't nearly as erotic (or far-fetched) as the story. It did happen in an elevator, but the elevator never actually got stuck. The girl that ran into the elevator was just incredibly desperate. And yes, she did really look like the girl in the story.

We never had any type of conversation. It was just a typical, silent elevator ride. She got a bit of a head-start on me out of the elevator, because I really was on crutches with a sprained ankle. This is how I was able to watch her wet herself. She never pulled down her shorts or her panties, but I did hear the hissing sound of her pee. I simply hobbled by, admiring the huge puddle she had just left on the floor. I didn't think the real story made for very good reading, so I decided to spice it up a bit. Hence, the story that you all read.

Once again, I apologize to everyone for the eye-sore of text. I also apologize to anybody who felt cheated. In my defense, I've been really deprived of sleep lately. So my judgement may have been a little clouded.

