Holding Session Backfired

Author: missdesperate

*000*2015-07-03 19:45

Hello, everyone! I’ve been a lurker for a while now and I finally decided to join. I figured I would share one of my personal experiences to start things off. (:

One evening I planned to have some fun while I was alone. I put on some tight jeans, got my laptop and downed 20-something ounces or so to get started. Things seemed pretty slow to filling up, which is unusual for me. It was probably because I had eaten something not long before. I was patient, though and just kept myself preoccupied while I waited.

A friend called me and wanted to hang out, so I agreed. I remembered I had drank a considerable amount and I really dislike having to pee in public, so I made an effort to use the bathroom before I left. I was still pretty much empty, so I figured that whenever I felt the need I’d just use her bathroom. Too bad a bathroom wasn’t going to be available.

She wanted to go to a friend’s house that was having a small little party, so I changed into a cute skirt and tank top. When we got there one of her friends offered to get me something. I ended up drinking a large glass of orange juice + vodka (though to be fair it was mostly juice as I could hardly taste any alcohol) and another half glass after that. By this point I so distracted by friends and socializing that I’d both forgotten my interrupted holding and to use the bathroom before we left, which later proved to be a big mistake.

I was a little tipsy, but not drunk by any means and by the time we were going out the door I noticed a tiny urge to pee. We hadn’t stayed long, but it was already getting late so my friend wanted to head out. The urge was so insignificant I thought I could hold it easily and it was soon forgotten. Unfortunately, there was a last minute decision where my friend was going to drop off 3 other friends before we went back to her place. I soon found out they all lived on opposite sides of the city which would be like 20 + minutes each person at least. (which would prove very unpleasant for me in the near future.)

15 minutes later and I was at a point where I would have excused myself to go use the bathroom, if it weren’t for the fact I’m shy and was trapped in a car with mostly strangers. It was a need, but nothing I couldn’t handle and I was able to push it out of my mind.

It was probably 20 minutes later when we dropped off the first person. My friend had missed an exit on the highway and had to turn around, the traffic being strangely busy for nighttime only meant more delay. For me, there’s always a very short time between the first urge to pee and desperation, and now my bladder was definitely full, sending constant reminders. I was still not too worried, though. All I could do was press my thighs together and hope I could find relief soon.

20 or so minutes later we were near the 2nd person’s house. We were driving on a rocky, bumpy road and my bladder felt like a wobbling large bowl of water in my lower abdomen. By now I was shifting my body subtly to one side to try and avoid most of the pressure that was quickly filling up. The jolts of the car and bumps just made my need increase so much more and I soon felt tempted to squirm, but I couldn’t do such a thing with other people around. By the time we dropped off the 2nd person and got off the bumpy road, it felt like all the liquid I had drank was now cramming into my bladder. I was starting to get worried.

The last person was next!! I was relieved, but now I was DESPERATE. I was still able to remain calm for the most part, just every once in a while I would cross my legs and shift my body. Inside, my bladder was screaming. At one point I looked down and to my horror, I had a big bulge jutting out from between my skirt and tank top. I nonchalantly raised the waistband off the throbbing bump and readjusted my shirt, hoping that in the darkness it went unnoticed. Even barely touching it I could tell it was rock hard and very sensitive. Just a simple brush against it caused intense tingling. I had to really, really pee, but I could only squeeze my thighs and hope for the best. The last person was dropped off and we were on the way back to my house, or so I thought.

We hit a police sobriety check. We didn’t have anything to worry about as my friend was sober, of course (and by this point whatever drunkenness I had felt had been erased by my desperation) but I was still a bit paranoid about something holding us up even longer, since apparently the universe was having fun treating me so badly that night. I’m the kind of girl who tries to hide desperation at all costs while in public– avoiding dancing, jiggling and even leg crossing if I can. I can hide it very well, more than most, to a certain degree. However, when I’m near my limit I cannot stand up straight, no matter what. It’s like the extreme pressure pulls my body down even if I can feign calmness and hide most other signs at the same time.

But at this point, I couldn’t make any other expression except anxious. I feared that we would have to be checked for whatever reason and I would be on display in front of a long line of cars. I was worried the huge bulge that was just relentlessly growing and growing under my belly button would make it all too obvious to others what kind of predicament I was in. Luckily, it went by faster than I thought. Soon we were soon on our way again.

Going home. Relief ahead. The seat belt was pressing against my sensitive bulge, the bumps in the road jolting and jiggling my barely contained flood. I sat cross-legged, biting my lip and very subtly alternating between rocking back and forth and side to side. All I could think was, I. HAVE. TO. PEE. My friend didn’t seemed to notice my little signs, however.

Then it happened. We hit a massive pothole that made me jump, my bladder contract painfully and it sent such an EXTREME shockwave of pure need and pressure that I spurted into my panties. I gasped, jamming a hand between my legs and cut off the brief flow. I couldn’t hide it anymore; I shivered and squirmed, double crossed my legs, I was even whimpering as I bounced around in my seat to keep it all inside my incredibly heavy, distended bladder. I couldn’t feel any wetness on the seat beneath me, luckily.

But my friend had noticed my display and was now looking at me, both surprised and worried. I must have blushed deep red and for a moment I couldn’t push words out, but when another HUGE wave of pressure rocked my body again I realized my pee was going to push itself out of me all over her seat unless I spoke up very, very soon. “I’m sorry but we need to pull over right now because I REALLY, REALLY need to pee!!”

She did so immediately and I promptly opened the door. When I stood, doubled over with both hands jammed between my legs, my bulging bladder simply couldn’t contain the flood that had built up inside me and it gushed out of me with a ‘HISSSS’ onto the curb. I squirmed, still dancing in place to try and hold it in until I could remove my panties. But the pressure felt like it had the weight of a bowling ball and I could not stop it from coming out in a torrent through my skirt and between my fingers. I just squatted, spraying and gushing through my panties for 2 minutes at the least.

When I finished, I almost didn’t want to get back in the car as I was so humiliated. My friend had placed a towel on the seat and consoled me, apologizing and telling me that she wouldn’t tell anyone. I told her it was not her fault and I should have simply let her know I needed to go. I did learn two lessons that night ; 1: I really need to start speaking up when I have to pee. 2; do not make plans on the same night with a holding session.

*007*2015-07-05 07:12

Haha, it's okay. I was embarrassed at first, but I quickly got over it since my friend and I have known each other for so long. And this experience definitely pushed me further than it would have if I were alone. I was literally panting by the end of it!

Also, thank you to everyone else who enjoyed this story/welcomed me to the site! There will be more experiences/possible fiction I'll be posting as well. (:

*011*2015-07-05 18:13

Satyr:(it won't let me quote people for some reason)

It didn't kill it for me at all actually, I can look back on it and think of it as an enjoyable experience, definitely. I'm still kind of 50/50 on getting desperate in public, I always have been. A part of me loves it, and the shy part of me likes to steer clear. But I haven't done much experimenting with public desperation and I've been thinking of planning something soon. (:

Siegala:

I'm honestly a little taken aback by how much people like my story, but I'm very appreciative. Thank you so much (:

As for your question: There were a couple of details I accidentally left out of the story seeing as how I typed it up quick in one sitting – one detail being that when my bladder gave in I was in a neighborhood in front of several houses. I actually didn't really look around so someone could have been watching! lol

Anyway, when I got out of the car, I was basically in a frenzy of holding myself, wetting myself, and trying to get my panties off while squirming like crazy at the same time. As soon as I realized how much I'd already peed, I figured the damage was done and I just finished without taking them off. (:

*017*2015-07-06 15:36

Themerger: I have, actually. Another time (and this was completely unintentional, I wasn't looking to get desperate today) I downed lots of tea while hanging out with friends. Probably 4 big glasses. We went in a ride in a car and they couldn't find someone's house. For some reason this particular brand of sweet tea goes straight through me, as I soon found out because not too much longer after that it was all flooding into my bladder. They stopped by a store eventually, thank god. However I was still shy about my need to wee and almost left without using the bathroom!

Even as I stood in line with a friend at the checkout, I could see the bathroom just a ways away, and it took me a minute to finally tell her that I would be right back. By that time my bladder was bulging again. I swear I must have looked pregnant. I tried sucking in my stomach to hide it, but that just made me have to pee worse! I was able to walk semi-normally, but of course a trained eye could probably tell I was desperate. I did get to the bathroom in time and must have peed forever because my friend had to come in and see if I was okay, lol.

