I know "Project" starts with "P".. But..

Author: KawaiiUnknown

*000*2014-11-01 18:36

Before I start, just want to say this. This was an event I witnessed, that's all?

Going through my 3rd year in school, projects was something unavoidable. I was grouped with a two guys and another girl, and the deadline was about a week later so we did what everyone does, do it a few days before the deadline. On the third last day before the deadline we panicked and scrambled to get the work done, but some of us weren't available to consolidate the information at once so we had to delay the work to the last day of the project submission.

The work was overwhelming to the point where we had to spend the night over at one of the guys place, and since it was the last day, we rushed there after school and started work right away. Time ticked on as we spent the afternoon rushing, passing papers all over the place, until it was roughly about 7pm, when one of the guys said "I'm, want to go and grab a bite? Or I'll just go with (the other guy) and get some stuff to eat." We worked pretty hard that we forgot the time and were all enthusiastic and went to the nearest fast food restaurant.

After that stomach-filling meal, the guys decided to get a few large bottles of drinks, but most of it is mineral water as they were quite thirsty from the food. It felt more like a sleepover than rushing a project last minute at someone's place, we brought our own spare clothes and towels and personal items, and snacks, which made the tedious project seem a bit more doable. Before we knew it, it was almost midnight and most of us haven't had a shower yet, so we took turns, ladies first. But after that the guys had their turn to wash and clean themselves after a tiring day of rushing the project with us, and we were somewhat happy to be working with them as they were the more hardworking ones in class so we didn't had to shoulder all the work given to us.

Small talk natural came after the break as we all relaxed in the atmosphere that was once tense. We began talking about school life, about how the recent change of timetable of classes have affected their sleep and etc, just a quiet night where I was comfortable talking to two guys that I have just met. One of the guys started to drink the bottle of water, and started chugging it, and finished the half filled large water bottle,"Wow! You are still thirsty from the food just now!" The girl beside me said in it in a weird shocked but yet happy tone. "Yeah, I am, don't really know why."The guy replied in a confused manner, I quickly checked my phone as I yawned, and to my shock it was already around half past 3am. I quietly leaned on the side of the bed and closed my eyes. The last thing I saw was them having a good chat and the other guy walking to take another bottle of water to drink.

I was shaken from my sleep as I saw them, the girl and the guy looking at me in states of shock, "Huh? What?" I responded but no one replied, "We have a problem here." the guy whispered to me. Slowly helping me up and allowing me to be aware of the situation at hand. He handed me a towel soon after, "Why?" I asked in my groggy state, after putting the towel on my face I became clear of what happened, the guy who had drank almost one and a half bottles worth of water had an accident, in his sleep on the bed, and unlucky me who was sleeping there had a bit of his pee on my face. 

It was weird since I never had come across such a situation, but I was too groggy to even freak out. "What do we do?" the girl whispers to us in an array of emotions, guess she seems to be like me if I wasn't suddenly awoken from sleep. "I don't know either" the guy replies in the same manner, making me giggle a bit, "maybe we just act like nothing happened?" I interrupted their little argument, and they stared at me, and nodded to my idea that I just blurted out.

The morning that came was sure an awkward one. We woke up and tried to get the papers together, which we forgot to do since the night was a crazy one. The guy who wet the bed was still asleep, while the rest of us packed and cleared the room, and get ourselves prepared to head to school together. He soon woke up, not knowing what a night we had seen. "What time is it?" he asked as he got out of the bed, "Its almost 7." the other guy replied, to prevent the girl and I getting into an awkward conversation with him as we had a shower and left the house, waiting for them. "Just go ahead, we will catch up with you later." the guy said just before we left the house. And the girl and I left to school with such a night stuck in our heads.

P.S sorry if the story may sound vague or unclear of who is who, but this is done to protect the identities of the people involved.

