Didn't plan that well

Author: Soulbringer

*000*2014-09-27 20:34

Hi there I thought I would share an experience that I had today. Like an hour ago.

I had decided to do a little holding this evening, no intention of wetting, well not seriously anyway. At around 6 I was starting to get a bit jittery, probably around a 7 or 8. I thought I'm okay for a bit and carried on with the usually mundane tasks. After cleaning up the kids dishes and getting them ready for a bath my wife states that she is going to visit her mum's.

First thing I thought about was my stomach, I needed food so I asked her to hold fire while I went to get a curry.

Without thinking I jumped into the car. Phoned the indian (using handsfree. Drive safe and all that) as I hated hanging around and I knew what I wanted. I hanged up and I was suddenly hit with a wave of desperation.

Oh no I thought. I can make it...

I arrived at the Indian 5 minutes later. I gently got out of the car, the street was busy, Friday night I thought. This is not going well.

I walked, trying to look blasé, into the Indian. Gave my name and waited for my order.

I could feel sweat beading on my forehead as the pressure built.

Finally my order arrived. I paid and left as quickly as I could.

The drive home was fraught with shaking, lots of obscene language and a death grip on the steering wheel.

I arrived home thinking I'm going to make it.

My OH was waiting for me, or rather the car, at the door. She was saying when she was going to be home and something else but at this point my concentration was completely gone. She gave me a kiss and a hug. As she squeezed me I felt a spurt of pee wet my boxers.

I put on a big smile and kissed her back.

"See you soon love" I said with a strain.

She shut the door and made her way to the car.

I turned round and another spurt.

Oh crap. I clenched. The bathroom was just at the end of the hall. This was the longest hall I had ever seen.

I took another step. Another gush. Oh no I moaned.

My legs gave in and I was on my knees literally convulsing.

Pee started to flow freely down my legs and pooling on the wooden floor.

After about a minute my bladder was empty.

There I was, kneeling in the hall, the windowed front door behind me, my jeans soaked and a large puddle of pee beneath me.

I quickly grabbed some towels and threw them down, made my way to the bathroom and orgasmed with literally 3 strokes.

I peeled my clothes off jumped into the shower and put the wet clothes and towels into the wash.

This was the first time I had ever left the house feeling this desperate. Definitely outside my comfort zone. And the fact that, if my wife had forgotten anything she would have come back in to the sight of her husband kneeling in a puddle of his own pee.

*002*2014-09-27 23:29

{{ 

That had to be embarrassing if she had walked in.

}}

It would have been. I have no idea what I would have said... but the knowledge that she could have turned me on even more.

*005*2014-10-02 05:06

I mentioned to her that I was interested in this thing. But don't think she's ready for seeing her husband completely soak himself in the hallway yet lol

