My wetting experiences

Author: pissypants.1977

*000*2011-07-08 22:28

My first experiences was during my first year at school, i saw a girl wet herself sat at her desk, i remember seeing a puddle under her chair and she was very upset. only a few weeks later a boy wet himself stood in a line at the teachers desk waiting to ask to be excused, i remember seeing his shorts darken and seeing pee trickle down his legs.

My next experiences were my own accidents. the first one happened when i was round a friends (a girl) house when my flys got stuck and i couldn't get my trousers down and i lost control and wet myself, i remember seeing dark streaks down my trouser legs. i had to be changed into my friends dungarees and i remember being upset that i had to wear girls clothes. my second accident happened when i changed schools when i was around 8-9, i had only been at the school about a week and didn't really know the ropes, the lesson before lunch i started to need to go, the teacher had told us to work in silence until lunch, i spoke with a stutter at that age so putting my hand and asking to go was out of the question.

So i tried to hold on. about 10mins before lunch break i lost control and peed my pants, pee seemed to go everywhere and there was a huge puddle on the floor. i was given my nickname a few days later, which stayed with me until my family moved a few years later. my next experience was about 3 years after my accident when a girl wet herself during a sports day. i don't why she did it, she had access to the toilets and could have gone anytime.

The next experience i had was 20years later when an girlfriend found my copies of wetset. she was curious and for a few weeks she would question me about it, until one day when we were drunk, she asked if i wanted to see her wet herself. she put on blue jeans and stood in the shower and let go, it was amazing to see, she seemed to enjoy it and she wet herself many times for me. with my next girlfriend i decided to tell her about my fetish almost straight away, luckily she was adventurous and agreed to pee herself, she liked it and she would wet herself everytime we made love.

*002*2011-07-10 07:31

Thanks for the advice, when i wrote the stories i didn't think anyone would be interested in them, especially my own experiences.

