My first wetting in public

Author: Germanwetter

*000*2014-06-25 18:29

Since i had my first unplanned wetting at the last weakend, i want to tell you about this experience.

I was at Hurricane Festival in Germany and really drunk all the time. Once, i was waiting with my female friends at the toilets and we all really had to go.

As i am a gentleman, i let them go first in the slowly becoming empty toilets. When it was finally my turn to have a piss, i pissed a strong stream in my pants before i could get my cock out.

That never happened to me before, because i often wet on purpose at home but never in public.

When i came out of the toilet i was really nervous that they see the wet spot on my brown pants, but i was lucky that it was dark and they were really drunk. But i think they have not seen it, they just acted normal. It really made me horny to walk around with theese hot girls with a big piss spot on my pants.

Later i saw two other girls with really wet bluejeans, who have definitly pissed theirselfes, but again there where friends around so i couldn´t talk to them. It is my dream to just fuck the shit out of a drunk pissy girl at a festival.

I plan to wet again in public, maybe 200 km away from my home, but in the dailylight with people watching me. Sorry for my bad english and the bad writing style, i just wantet to participate once in this great community.

*003*2014-07-10 20:30

{{ 

I don't think this is the right dream to have, especially with them being drunk.

Otherwise great story lol you must of been super desperate and drunk to actually wet yourself by accident.

}}

Hm I think if the other is still in control of herself it´s ok that she´s drunk :)

I mean sometimes people wet theirselves on festival because there are huge lines before the toilets, and not only because they are unable to control their bodies. And of course there are some that do it secretly on purpuse, because they like lol.

But yes, i was never that desperate before, and in the aftermath it was a nice experience to just loose control.

