My Wetting Accident

Author: tmivelaz

*000*2014-05-04 22:54

This is my first story that I'm sharing, so do bare with me on it and comments are welcome with feedback. Ok, so this is an incident that happened to me about 8 years ago. At that time, I was with my gf (now ex for about 6-7 years). We had a plan that worked out in how we can go about to seeing each other. One weekend, I'd go down by her on a Saturday morning and stay till Sunday night and then next weekend, she'd come up by me and stay till Sunday evening. We ended up doing that for the time of our relationship until she broke up with me for dumb reasons. Well anyway, this was happened on my turn to go down by her.

It was Saturday and we were making plans on what to do. We ended up going to the zoo that day. At this time, I was constantly going to the bathroom (frequent urination), which I knew wasn't right cause that isn't normal for me. Every half hour to an hour....hour and half if lucky I was always going to the bathroom. On our way to the zoo, we were in traffic working our way to the parking lot. I was totally desperate in need to go and my ex gf didn't want to stop anywhere cause she wanted to get to the zoo. Here I am squirming and holding myself cause of how bad I had to go. I had an empty water bottle with which I couldn't help it, so I unzipped my pants and let it all go into the bottle. All my ex gf could say is "now my truck is going to smell like pee." I was thinking well it's either that or your truck seat be soaking wet. We get to the zoo finally and I through the bottle of pee away in the trash.

We might have been at the zoo for about 2-3 hours, which I made it with no problem of almost wetting myself. So we leave to head back and on our way back, we stopped and had dinner at Red Robin. I might have gone to the bathroom there 3-4 times in the time that we were there which might have been 2 hours if that. After dinner, we go back to her place where we then went downstairs to watch tv and movies, and also played darts and pool, which we both had our share of winning and losing. After awhile, we both got tired and so we went up to her bedroom to get ready and go to bed. Once the lights were out, 30 minutes later I was getting up to go to the bathroom. After about the 3rd time, I go back to bed and finally fell asleep. 

Probably about 10-15 minutes went by (which usually is when I started to get the urge to go), I didn't get that urge which felt a little strange to me, so then I fell into a deep sleep finally. About another 10-15 minutes went by, I'm sound asleep, which then I start feeling something warm and seconds later, its spreading quickly! Once I felt that, I quickly got up and went to the bathroom, which I probably peed for 30 more seconds. The left side of my pajama pants were soaking wet and when I got back to my ex gf's bed, I had seen there was a really good size wet spot in her bed.

