Stepsister Desperate in the Woods

Author: wetwulf

*000*2011-02-11 04:07

True story, again with a little creative liberty.

The same summer as her little bathing suit accident (see "Stepsister Couldn't Hold It"), my stepsister and I were out for a hike on an open trail in the woods near my dad's home. We had been gone for an hour or so when I heard her curse under her breath.

"I should have peed before we left," she said. She was clutching her skirt close to her crotch as we walked and my mind began to race back to the memory of the back of the pickup truck. Maybe this would be another opportunity to see her wet again.

"Well," I said, "we're in the woods. I'm sure people pee out here all the time." To my delight, she glanced around in all directions as if checking for any bystanders.

"That's not such a bad idea," she said, now bending her knees a little to keep from losing control. "No one's coming. I think I'm just gonna go here."

"Okay. Do you want me to turn around?" I didn't want to, of course, but I was being polite.

"No, I'm not going squat or anything. I'm just gonna go. It felt really great peeing on my legs the other day, so I'm gonna try something." At these words, my erection started. She had enjoyed the wetting in the back of the truck. I wondered if this wetting thing was a new interest for her, or if it was something familiar.

She looked around once more and then closed her eyes as she stood with her legs together.

"Aren't you going to take you panties off?" I asked. She just shook her head and mumbled, "Hmm mmm." Immediately, a soft hissing sound crept from beneath her skirt as a clear stream snaked down her legs and gently caressed her thighs. A little moisture began to creep through the front of her skirt, but because it was a black skirt, it quickly disappeared.

She was panting again and I knew for a fact that wetting was a thing for her. I made a note in my head to ask her later how much she had enjoyed this.

"Oh, my God, she moaned. "This feels so great." The stream traveled down her thighs as it soaked into her socks and fell in big drops on the trail.

"You're getting your socks and shoes wet," I warned.

"I don't care," she said. "I couldn't stop if I tried." The wetting only lasted a few seconds, but her face never faded from its expression of ecstasy and release.

Afterwards, she shook her legs a little, trying to shake off some of the excess wetness, and smiled. "Whew. That's better."

"Ready now?" I asked. I kept my front side away from her because I did not want her to see my erection. We walked on and continued our hike.

