Multiple desperation sighting today

Author: MysteryGirl373

*000*2015-03-05 23:55

After work today, I was meant to be meeting my boyfriend in a bar so we could get a drink then go shopping for hour. I drove from work, he walked from his house, and it was meant to take a scimitar amount of time.

I parked up, got a ticket, and tried to phone him to ask where he was. He didn't answer, I assumed he was still walking. Instead of going to the bar (I didnt want to walk in on my own) I went down to a supermarket with the intention of nipping in to use their toilet quickly. When I got there, there were signs on the disabled and women's toilets that told us they were being refurbished. The men were fine, but there was quite a long queue of women behind the door for the baby changing room (four people, in fact) only three are relevant to this story, since the first woman had no visible signs of desperation, and was calmly stood waiting. The next three people behind her all had their legs crossed.

The door opened, woman 1 went in, came out a few minutes later. Then woman 2 went in. After woman 2 had gone in, woman 3 (had blonde curly hair. And interesting combination of black strappy shoes, red socks, and too short black leggings, and a bright blue coat) turned round to woman 4 and myself and said 'excuse me ladies'. She proceeded to cross and recross her legs, dance around. Wiggle, walk around. One of the best pee dances I have ever seen. When she was able to get in the toilet she took ages. So long, in fact, woman 4 had started to do a little pee dance herself! She was clenching her thigh muscles, and bending her knees and wiggling round a bit also. She didn't once cross her legs since she had uncrossed them from earlier.

Woman 3 left, woman 4 went in (didn't take nearly as long as woman 3 did), and I waited for my turn. As I waited, more ladies turned up. Two quite closely following each other; both of who looked a bit frustrated and shocked when I told them I was in the queue for the ladies since we were all using the one toilet. Both of who proceeded to stand and lean against the wall with their legs tightly squeezed together.

If the desperate woman had had better dress sense it would have been one of the sexiest things I've ever seen, alas the socks, strappy shoes, and too short leggings really ruined it for me! :(

