Bathroom wetting

Author: ForzaPee

*000*2013-06-02 13:22

Today I have been real messy ... and pissed me completely out with tight pants at home. The bathroom was completely soaking wet, and the chair, the floor, the shower, the toilet seat and my pants splashed it off. I was drinking lots of water and very familiar urge to pee reported. I went into the bathroom, put on a narrow trousers set up tight in the crotch and felt I was småtent only by having to pee and my plan to let anything get in your pants. I became so excited that my panties were wet even before I started to pee. 

And when I get so lit up like that, I can not relax enough to pee. As I walked around the bathroom, lay down on his back and sat down on the toilet with your pants on and knew eventually it got some small drops that trickled down my panties and mixed with the wet of the mouse. I struggled to relax enough that it came by itself, so I had to push a little. Then I suddenly felt I was really scorching and wet in the crotch. Ooh, it was delicious! When would suddenly wee bit more out. I sat up and rubbed me catching up front to get a little stronger feel-good and took off my pants ogonanerte.

So I put on my pants and continued to pee. I was wetter and wetter and enjoyed when droplets spilled out in his underwear and down the thighs and the back of the butt. Eventually ass soaked with pee and I went around the bathroom and rubbed her legs together. As underwear became wetter and wetter and I let out several jumps (things came little by little), I sat down on the toilet with your pants on and pretend like I should just pee common. I enjoyed the thought of being naughty and "forget" to take off his pants when sitting on the toilet, and so I continued to pee. Now came more and beam was stronger. 

Again I was scorching and groaned. But I was far from finished peeing, perhaps only half way. So I got up and let it fall even more. Now it was wet all the way down to the feet. I leaned forward and spread his legs. So I relaxed again, and it just ran and ran until I had to stop the beam because I was not going to pee so much time that it squirted through his pants and onto the floor. But it was too late. Suddenly splashed it on the floor and peed my flowing over the tiles. Well, I had a little scrubber well be reckoned with. But it was lovely that it finally got a strong beam that was hard to stop, it excites me even more.

So I sat on a chair and pretended I was in a room with many people. I recognized that heat flowed into my panties while I fantasized that all sat and concentrated on their stuff around me. And lo and behold, I sat up in one tissedam on the chair and rubbed the mouse towards the seat. It was lovely to sit on the hard chair, because I felt pissed ran well into the underwear butt and did my soaking wet. It was like sitting up in a tub of water almost. I decided to pee all I had in the bladder in the pants. 

It was not any point to stop when it was still soaking wet everywhere. During this innocent toy I had made several dams on the floor, a large tissedam on the chair and soon a new dam in shower enclosure. As I had been doing pants peeing for several minutes, it came stronger and stronger beam. I stood upright on the bathroom floor and relaxed down there, and suddenly ran it back into the pants. So I tried to lie down on your back and totally relax. butt was wetter and wetter, and bladder emptier and emptier.

I had a feeling after maybe 10 minutes or something that my bladder was emptied soon. But then I was wrong. I went into the shower with seat and sat back on it and let it rip. Many heating and heat rays streaming down both legs along the chair and stroked me while I sat there with the orgasm. Finally, I sat up and peed lately I was right in my pants so it splattered on the shower. Wow I must have tissa much, certainly much more than what I use to do. The result was a delicious experience and a sopping wet bath and soaking wet panties and pants, which I have now washed =)

