My mentor

Author: murphdog

*000*2014-02-17 06:35

Laura was the epitome of grace, tall, sender, with long light brown hair that flowed down to her waist. A women who was beautiful both inside and out. We were coworkers, that became close friends and on a couple of special occasions we shared our bodies, this is our story.

I was a young upstart that had been with the company about a year. Fresh out of college I had the fortune of being in the right place at the right time with the right attitude and had taken two quick promotions the later landed me at a satellite facility faraway from the Corporate Offices. In retrospect it was just short of the career equivalent of a suicide mission. Had it not been for a very special co-worker I might have subsumed to the stress and infighting. Laura occupied a similar rung on the corporate ladder I was a receiving supervisor as well as having duties in procurement. It was my job to see that there was always product to process. Laura was the accounting supervisor who's job it was to insure that the producers who supplied us with the raw product were paid correctly.

We worked hand and hand nether of use could go home until all of the income product had been accounted for. We had some very long nights trying to make things balance. She was 7 years older than I was, and had been widowed three years earlier. Her husband and a sister-in law had been killed in a car accident. Her brother in-law and been badly injured but survived. The driver of the truck that ran into her sister-in laws car was drunk. Because of her brother-laws injuries both physical and mental Laura had taken in her niece along with her own two little one. She had her hands full.

For my part when I arrived I had been engaged but after six months of being separated my fiancée broke it off in part because she did not feel that she could leave her home area. I was heart broke but life had to move on. Besides I was working 6 days a week and showing up for work a 4:30 am and leaving around 6:30 pm. As I explained before it was brutal. Laura worked a more traditional eight till we left schedule . Normally she caught a ride in to work in the morning and rode home with me at night.

Laura was my mentor, my sounding board. At work she insisted that things were done right but would roll her sleeves up and get right in there to help out. She also understood the corporate politics. At a time when our company was going through a reissuance sort of speak that was critical. The boys in the Ebony Tower (corporate head quarters) wanted to transform the company, become more safety conscious, create a better working environment, cutting edge stuff for the mid 1980s. Unfortunately not everyone got the memo and at least in our facility there was a lot of resistance. Doing the right thing did not always endear you to the powers at be. She taught me well how to enlist the support of the Ebony Tower and survive and on occasion even thrive.

I was someone who she could call on to unplug the toilet, fix the lawn mower, kill the giant spider in the bathroom and do those assorted honey dos. Her house was just a few blocks away from my apartment besides Laura could cook and trust me man can not live on McDonalds all the time. I enjoyed her kids and baby sat from time to time especially when she was taking some night classes to get her CPA.

Initial are relationship was pure professional, with the occasional after work function with co-workers. Laura was always very conscious of how things looked, and ever mindful of company edicts. Are relationship remained pure plutonic for the first year and a half although I was spending a lot of time at her house.

That started to change when Laura took an in-house promotion become the controller over on the shipping side. Are relationship was no longer a taboo per company policy. For the record, while Laura and I had lots of chemistry neither of us had any illusions of a permanent relationship. We both knew that was not our destiny and while it gave us both pause we did cherish the time we had together considering it as a blessing.

Another issue was that Laura was a mother first and foremost and believed that you had to set the example for your children. She was not going to be bringing any man home for the night around her children. Her own two children about 6 and 8 at the time were delightful. The little boy Ryan could get a little wild but what normal eight-year old boy can't. The little girl Cindy was very sweet. Then there was her niece Amanda who was 13 at the time. For those of you who are parents you know how challenging a 13 year old girl can be and to the fact that she was bitter over the loss of her own mom and the what at times she saw as the abandonment of her dad. She was a very good kid most of the time but lord have mercy when she got on a roll she did some pretty dumb things.

Laura ran a tight ship, bad behavior was not an option but at the same time she was very devoted and kind. On the side of the refrigerator hung a paddle. In the three years I was around I was aware of it being used maybe half a dozen times. Generally the fact that mom would use it if you crossed the line was all it took to produce good behavior. Much of my own parenting concepts came about from watching Laura and realizing just how effective her parenting style was. Especially for a teenage girl who could have went to the dark side very easily.

Laura was not afraid to bring me back in line when I strayed. On one particular evening I was out with some of the guys and maybe having a bit too much fun and still driving. Laura was out with some of the girls when we met up at one of the dance bars. She was furious when she realized that I had been driving (I am not even sure I was over the legal limit). She snatched up my keys and drug me out of the bar to my truck and straight back to her house. Point of order was remember that her husband had been killed by a drunk driver. Her kids were staying with her mom so it was just the two of us.

I felt terrible when I realized what a big deal it was for her, I apologized profusely. She was still on fire till I suggested that would it make her feel better if I let her paddle my butt. I was half joking but she took me up on it. I understood why her kids would come right around when she threatened the paddle because it stung like hell. It must have made her feel better and maybe felt just a little sorry for me.....nah. That was the first night we ever slept to together but the key word was sleep and while I receive some wonderful cuddles and hugs and a few kisses that was all. I loved it just the same.

At night to remember

It was about six months after Laura had been promoted and was working in shipping. We still spent time together but not near as much as we had. Still we remained close. It was a Friday night and one of the rare times that we were not going to work Saturday. A bunch of us had decided to go out for Margaritas at this little Mexican Cantina that was famous for it's fresh Strawberry Margaritas and only a couple of blocks from my apartment.

As usual I worked late and caught up to the accounting staff around 8:30. As soon as I walked in the door I could tell Laura was blitzed and that never happened. One of our co-workers quickly filled me in that Laura had been to the Doctor that afternoon and had been given a prescription for a new allergy medicine. Without thinking she had taken it and then drank a Margarita; not good. She was half way through her 2nd Margarita when I arrived. The general consensus was that I need to take her home.

The good news was that her kids were at her mothers and she was going to stay at my apartment anyway because she had fumigated her house to get rid of the spiders. Although she had made it clear when we made the arrangement that I could have all the cuddles I wanted but that was about it. In fairness to Laura she had not been on any kind of birth control, and she was one of those women who could get pregnant very easily. When I once suggested we could use a condom she pointed out that her husband (then boy friend) said the same thing nine months before her son was born.

I had walked down the Cantina ( yes I was protecting my butt) but Laura did have her car. Somehow we managed to talk Laura into going home and poured her into the car (I drove of course). She oozed up the stairs and into my apartment were she promptly crashed on my water bed. She was out in less than a minute fast asleep. I had tried to wake her to use the bathroom with no luck. I got her jacket off and her shoes and socks but left the rest of her clothes on.

It was about 10:00 and I was tired so a crawled into bed and joined her. It was an early summer night but rather chilly still the air was fresh and I had a window open. Even passed out she still cuddled in tight, it was very nice and I to quickly dozed off to sleep. During the night a woke up to make sure Laura was ok and she was, but in a very deep sleep. As the night turned to early morning it got significantly chilly in the room so I got up and shut the window and cuddled back up. I could tell she was a little cold so a wrapped myself around her. Her head was on shoulder and her bottom was elevated slightly on the inside of my thigh. I fell back to sleep. I woke with at start at very warm and wet sensation running down my leg it took a couple of seconds but a realized Laura was wetting both me an the bed. I move away to avoid the ever expanding puddle at the same time I gently tried to wake her. No luck she was still out like a light. It was about 6:30 which was late for me.

I had been wearing a pair of light gym shorts that were pretty soaked. I changed into a pair of sweat bottoms and a light tee shirt as I headed for the kitchen. I knew that Laure was going to need coffee once she regained consciousness. I fixed some toast and a sliced up a melon from time to time checking to make sure Laura was alright. Around 8:00 she started to wake up, by now she had moved out of the puddle to the edge of the bed. I sat beside her and gently rubbed her back while she slowly woke. It took her a few seconds to realize what had happened but once she did she sat up.

"Oh my god please tell be I did not wet the bed" she blurted out. I genitally reassured her that it was ok and everything would be fine. Laura almost started to cry, so I pulled her into my arms and gave her a long loving hug. "Come on sunshine let's get you cleaned up" I said after a few minutes. She got out of bed and we lifted the covers back to inspect the damage. There was a huge wet spot, and her jeans were soaked. She was still very groggy as I lead her into the bathroom.

Again she almost started to cry but a kiss on the cheek brought her back. Much to my delight she let me undress her, when I got to the part where I took her wet panties down and helped her step out of them. They had a very pleasant aroma that added to my arousal, I was shall we say at full staff. When I stood back up she noticed the bulge and joked that I needed to put that thing back in it's cage because she was still way to tired. I turned the water on in the shower she was still a little unsteady but improving quickly. I thought I had died and gone to heave when she reached down and slid my sweats down and helped me take off my tee shirt. She joked about saving water so we should shower together. Life was very good.

Everything about Laura's body was sculpted I would say hard but her skin was silky smooth and soft to the touch. Her bottom was perfect, firm with just the right level of roundness that gracefully flowed into her legs. For having had two children even her stomach was flat . Her breast were firm not overly big, but perfectly formed. Like so much of Laura, her body was a thing of beauty. I helped her wash herself off but spent most of the time holding her. It was my first adult shower with a woman and I savored it.

All good things must come to an end and so to did the shower. I got her dried off, and gave her a football jersey to put on while I ran out to her car to get her bag. She was still extremely tired and crashed in the chair while I stripped the bed. There was a knock at the door Katie one of the plant nurses and a good friend to both of us was there to check on Laura. It was Katie who had figured out what was happening. Katie is one of those people who is rather blunt and always extremely funny.

Right away she saw the wet bed and pounced on the occasion. "Young lady you are lucky that is all that happened and I hope he gives you a damn good spanking for peeing his bed" she scolded. "They put those warning labels on those pill bottles for a reason, the intent is that you read them" she continued. Laura's purse was sitting on my dresser, Katie picked it up and shook out the bottle of pills, along with another flatter container of medication that at the time I did not recognize. 

Laura's face turned beet red. "And by the way what did the Dr. tell you about these" Katie inquired. "Ah huh we told you that your are safe didn't he" Katie answered her own question before Laura, who was now ready to crawl under the bed, could answer. But Katie was not done "Let's see oh ya Warning do not take with Alcohol may cause extreme drossiness" Katie was reading from the allergy medication bottle. "Have I made my point" Katie stomped her foot for added effect. Laura mumbled yes and Katie went over and gave her a big hug. Katie looked at me "we have some girl talk don't you have some laundry that needs washed". "Yes mama" I send as I grabbed my jar of quarters and headed to the laundry room with the wet bedding.

The Laundry room was right down the hall from my apartment, it was still early enough on a Saturday morning that no one else was using it. I broke the laundry into two loads and got it started. I cautiously went back to the apartment and poked my head in the door. "You know you are way to obedient child" Katie mused. We all three chatted and laughed for about a half hour then Katie needed to go. Before going she took me aside and thanked me for being there for Laura. "Keep up the nice guy routine, it will pay off big time in the end" she whispered in my ear as she left.

Katie had helped Laura put on clean sheets, and after earing some of the melon she went back to bed. I finished up the laundry and brought it back to the apartment. Laura looked up and patted the bed beside her "come take a nap with me" . She did not have to ask me twice.

I will try and finish the story soon but for tonight I am a bit tired. Thanks

*002*2014-02-17 21:31

I believe it was like June of 1988 but might have been 1987 time goes by so very fast. Her real name was not Laura but the girl was very real.

