Telling her about my wetting fetish

Author: TVGuy

*000*2011-11-27 04:08

Here name was Heather, she was my girlfriend, and she was the first person I ever told about my wetting fetish.

Sure, I had previous sexual experiences centering around peeing and desperation and wetting, but I had never fully confessed that I had a fetish for women having wetting accidents to anyone before her. I have seen a lot of online discussions with guys asking how they should tell their girlfriends and stuff like that, so I figured I would share the story of how I told Heather.

Heather and I started dating my second year of college. She was a high school senior at the time, just about to graduate. The sex was great, and she was not at all shy about peeing. On our first ever date together she had no problem announcing she had to pee, dropping her pants, and squatting right there before I even had time to turn away.

I had no desire to tell her about my fetish. I was sure it would probably gross her out and destroy our relationship. Plus she would frequently get desperate and just barely make it, often having to change her panties. This was more than enough to satisfy me. After a couple years of dating we moved in together.

One evening after I got home from work she asked me out of no where, "Do you have any sexual fetishes?"

Exhausted, not thinking, I simply blurted out, "Yeah."

"What?" she asked.

Suddenly I realized I didn't like where this was going. I didn't want to tell her about my fetish. It was something that I had kept pretty personal. Plus I had liked our relationship. I was afraid if she knew this one thing about me it would disgust her and change everything. So I told her that I didn't want to tell her.

"Please?" she begged, "If you tell me I promise I'll do it."

The offer was tempting, but I was sure she was probably thinking it was something like bondage. If she knew it involved pee she wouldn't be that into it.

Days went by, she continued to try to guess my fetish, and I continued to refuse to tell her.

Eventually thought I gave in. I told her.

Here reaction? Shock. At first she just looked at me like she was waiting for some sort of joke, but then as she realized I was serious I could tell she was at a loss for words.

Finally she asked, "How is that a fetish?"

I tried to explain it the best I could, which wasn't well. After all, I never really understood myself when it turned me on. She asked more questions, trying to understand, but eventually when I couldn't come up with answers we went out for a movie. I didn't press her on her promise to do it for me.

About a week went by. There was no more discussion of fetishes or anything like that. We just got back to our apartment from being out, and she needed to pee badly. This was not unusual for her, so I thought nothing of it. We got into the apartment, she through her stuff down on the sofa.

With her legs crossed and bouncing up and down she asked, "Do you still want to watch me pee my pants?"

Of course I did. She lead me to the bathroom, where she stood in the tub and instantly began peeing, her jeans becoming soaked.

I don't remember exactly what happened next, but we ended up having great sex that night. Later on I found out the reason she took so long between me confessing my fetish to her and her actually doing it was that she wasn't sure she would be able to. She wanted to do it for me, but didn't know if she could actually make her body let go and wet her pants. She had spent the last week practicing, secretly wetting her pants to make sure she could do it as I watched.

*006*2011-11-28 07:48

That is correct Dessy, we are no longer together. Though we still talk from time to time and are friendly, we simply grew apart as we got older. Like I said, she was still in high school when we first started dating. As we became adults it became clear that we were becoming very different people.

