Wettings Witnessed Part 1

Author: wetvic

*000*2015-07-12 20:53

Ok, so a while back I posted a catalogue of my own childhood accidents - now I thought it was time to share accidents I've witnessed over the years. :)

I'll start with the most recent, only yesterday, which I suppose wasn't technically an accident, but was certainly an interesting situation. My work takes me to a lot of public events, and yesterday I was at a carnival. I'd made my way to the portaloo toilets, where there was quite a queue. In the queue a few people in front of me was a family group - couple of adults and a boy of perhaps 8-9. The young boy was visibly quite desperate, couldn't keep still and grabbed himself through his football shorts a couple of times, but he wasn't upset and didn't seem on the verge of having an accident. After a few minutes, his Mum said she'd had enough of waiting and for him to go with her - they made their way towards the side of the toilets, and I presumed she was just going to have him wee in the hedge.

How wrong I was - they got there, and obviously I couldn't hear what she said exactly, but it seems she told him to simply wet himself! He had a surprised look on his face, and seemed to protest a bit, but a moment or two later that's exactly what he did, soaking his football shorts and with a visible stream coming out of them onto the grass. She then helped him to start removing his clothes (bearing in mind this was quite public), and I assumed that maybe she had a change of pants for him with her, he took off his wet shorts and then his green boxer briefs, fortunately his modesty preserved slightly by the long football shirt he was wearing, but then she helped him to put the wet shorts back on again.

I couldn't quite believe it, and still not quite sure what to make of it. He didn't seem particularly fazed by any of it - by this time a toilet had become available so I went in, when I came out they had gone but I spotted them still walking around later on, so obviously they hadn't headed straight home for him to wash and change.

At the very same event, whilst I was attending my stand, a family of Mum and 3 kids (older boy - about 12, girl about 10 and younger boy 6 or 7) came over and were very interested in my products, however Mum said to them that they'd have to come back as they had to go to the toilet - in her words, they were all desperate and "dancing" - and she didn't want any accidents.

The youngest boy was grabbing at himself through his sweatpants, and the girl didn't object so I presumed she needed to go too, however the older lad wasn't happy at having to leave before he'd seen what he wanted and was quite vocal about it. He shouted at his Mum that he didn't have to go, wasn't a baby and didn't have accidents. Of course, Mum got her own way and they left for the toilets - where, as mentioned above, they would have met with a queue. I didn't witness whatever happened at the toilets, but when I saw them headed back to my stand a little while later I naturally assumed all had made it ok. Had to hide wry smile when I noticed a tennis-ball sized wet spot and a coule of pee trails down the legs of the older boy who didn't need to go and didn't have accidents. It was clearly not a full accident, but still quite obvious he had sprung a leak in the queue. ;)

Rewind a few weeks, and at a similar event although an indoor one, I had another partial sighting. Not quite so much to say about this one, however there was a young boy again of about 7-8 I'd say who was with his Mum at the stand. She was examining merchandise and talking to me about pricing etc. All the while, he was repeatedly grabbing at his crotch through his grey pants. He didn't say anything, wasn't dancing around or anything like that, and I wondered whether he was just playing as young kids do, however over the course of the 5 minutes or so they were there he ended up with a wet patch about the size of his fist - it was visible around his hand whilst he was pinching. Still he didn't say anything, and they moved on to another stand without anything being said/done. Struck me as odd that at an age where he was clearly potty trained, it didn't seem to bother or embarrass him that he was wetting in public, especially with toilets only a couple of hundred metres away at most.

Ah well, that's it for part one as I need to go and get a drink. I will get part 2 up shortly. :) Hope you enjoy these few brief experiences.

*004*2015-07-17 22:58

As somebody who suffered horrific, life changing abuse at the hands of a member of my own family over the course of some 10 years, I really do take exception to your thinly veiled accusation that I am a person of the same sick, twisted nature.

What I have shared here are merely observations - as Barry rightly says, if somebody doesn't conform to the socially accepted "norms" when it comes to toileting, this is usually pretty noticeable, regardless of what age the person is. As it happens, I was simply writing of my sightings/experiences from the most recent backwards - there would have been a number of adult accidents too, however writing detailed accounts from memory can be time consuming which is why I wrote the most recent and then took a break to attend to other life commitments.

As a result of what happened to me when I was younger, I struggle to find sexual gratification in anything, least of all anything involving children! Perhaps not in-keeping with what is normal here, my interest in wetting is not sexual in the slightest. Whilst obviously not applying to content involving children, I really do wish that I was able to enjoy this interest on a sexual level, however alas not.

I have not ever and would not ever speak to or in any other way engage with any child who I had witnessed having an accident, just as I wouldn't speak to or otherwise engage with any random child for any other purpose. I have simply witnessed their misfortune, and have shared the story of the experience observationally and anonymously.

*007*2015-07-18 10:40

There are a great many posts on here, both fictional and real-life accounts which I actually don't want to read, because they are focused on the sexual side of things, which as mentioned above does not play a part for me. However, I simply choose not to read them, therefore there is no issue.

