Girl in grocery store

Author: tgerald

*000*2014-06-03 18:05

I wanted to relay a true story that happened to me a couple of years ago.

I was at the local grocery store one day to pick up a couple of items so I got in the self checkout line behind a young attractive mother with a small toddler. After a few minutes, I noticed her squirming quite a bit. At first she was just shifting her weight back and forth but within a minute or so I could see that she was bouncing.

Now as I said, she was attractive, but not mind blowingly hot. However, seeing that she was starting to be in desperate need started to peek my interest as well as stir some activity in my shorts. However, I just decided to be a voyeur and enjoy her struggle. She only had maybe ten items but watching her scan them and place them in the bags, all the while bouncing and even occasionally grasping her crotch to stem back the flow was very arousing.

When she was done scanning, she ran her card through to pay for her sale. I recalled that it was about $39.43 or something close.

I quickly paid for my two items, meanwhile trying to hide the rock hard bulge that had grown in my shorts. I put my things in a bag which I held in front of me and walked out.

As I got outside, who should I pass, but this cute little mommy in worse and worse trouble. She had just struggled to get her child in the car seat and was standing between cars with her legs intertwined and holding the front of her crotch. Being the gentleman that I am, I walked over and asked her if she was ok. She told me "no, I just really have to goo,,,, and I think I'm going to have an accident." I asked if there was something I could do for her. She said that it was ok,, and that she should be used to it by now as since becoming a mom, she's had some problems holding it in and has had a few accidents. I told her that it was normal. I had a few children of my own and my wife had control issues both during pregnancy and afterwards.

I asked her if she wanted me to put her groceries in her truck to which she said, "would you please?" I said, "sure" so she handed me the keys and I got them all tucked away. Afterwards I handed her keys back and she said, "thanks" but didn't move. At this point I was just trying to delay until she couldn't take it anymore. I said, "is there anything else I can do?" she said, "no, but I know as soon as I move, I'm going to pee myself so maybe you could just turn around and stand there so no one else see?". I said, "ok, but I'll tell you what,,, I'll stand here and block you, but if you don't make me turn around so I can watch, I'll pay for your groceries.". She said, "are you serious?". I said, "dead serious. my ex-wife would do this for me all the time and it's kind of my thing." She started to laugh and then a little must have came out because she stopped and clenched.

Finally she said, "well, I'm going to be wet anyway, so what the hell. my bill was about,,," I interrupted with "$40,, yeah, I know, I was in line behind you and saw you starting to struggle." Then handed her 2 20's. She said, " is that why you have all that going on??" and pointed at my bulging erection. I said, "I told you, it was our thing and brings back very fond memories." She said, "well ok then.".

At this point I let my gaze take her all in. She was wearing a tight pair of cut off jean shorts. She obviously had a little of her added baby weight still on her yet as they were very tight and she was bulging out around them both at the thighs and the waist band. At this point I wasn't sure if she just had a pretty good little baby muffin top going of it that was a bulging bladder but I was soon to find out. When she pulled her hand away, I could see that she had already let a pretty good spurt of pee go in her jeans as there was a round wet spot about the size of a 50 cent piece. I glanced back up at her face to see if she was struggling to let go but she was just staring at me straight in the eye.

I quickly looked back down just in time to see it running out the side of her shorts. In the next instant there was a bubbling rush of yellow that teemed out of her crotch. The bulk of it ran down her thighs but then when she really let go, it hissed straight through her jeans and onto the pavement. I was fixed on that lovely sight. It went on for a good 60 seconds until it started abating. That's when I looked back up and she was alternating her glance between my face and my cock.

Finally when she was done she said, "that's all I got." I said, "that was great." She kind of chuckled and said, "i'm glad you liked it, I have expected you to start jerking off." I said, "no,, but you can bet that's the first thing I'll do when I get home." She laughed again and then said, "do you mind standing there a moment longer?" I said, "no,, I don't mind." She turned around and leaned in to the back seat of her car and grabbed a blanket that had been on the seat. At this point she quickly stripped off her shorts and gave me a nice view of her young pussy. She had some stretch marks and obviously hadn't been worried about "playground maintenance" for a while. She said, " don't want to get the seat wet, not the first time I had a problem like this." then she added," but this was the most fun and certainly the most profitable time.".

With that she wrapped the blanket around her, shut the door and said, "well, I've got to get home. Maybe I'll see you in here again." I said, I sure hope so.. She then reached out and squeezed the end of my cock and said, "remember to think of me when you get home". Yeah,,, NO PROBLEM!!!

