My ex-gf's suprise

Author: dodedrea

*000*2013-02-19 02:50

I've been around the site for a little, so I thought I'd share my tale. I figure I'm pretty overdo at this point.

I've only dated a few girls who ended up knowing about my omorashi interests. One of my exs in particular really helped me discover new things and give things a shot. One night her and I stayed up late, talking about beyond deep personal secrets and stories. It was a heavily connecting night and we really got to know each other so much more, I think we ended up falling asleep around 5AM or so. Either way, the topic came up one way or another and I explained omorashi (At the time I didn't know what to call it, so I called it desperation). She fell silent for a minute or so and I could tell the gears were turning. It was really stressful for me, not knowing how she would deal with it, but she just ended up asking a few questions and then moving onto some other topic.

It was a good month and a half and there was zero mention of it. She didn't seem any different, so I figured she shrugged it off as a little strange and ignored it. I didn't want to make it a sore subject, so I left it alone.

Her and I were at a friend of mine's house while she was visiting and around midnight or so, we ended up saying our goodbyes and heading out. Towards the later half of the hangout I noticed she was being more affectionate than she usually was in public, which I of course didn't mind, but definitely stood out.

It was a 20 or so minute ride home, so we hopped in the car and I put the heater on full blast because it was crazy cold out. We put on some music for the ride home and pretty much sang the whole way home. I thought she seemed a little desperate, holding herself now and then, but didn't bring it up. We arrived at my apartment to find it absolutely freezing, so I turned on the heat and told her to go warm up the bed while I put water on for tea. She happily obliged and merrily set off to my room. After locking up the house and bringing the tea to my room and setting it on the nightstand, I gladly hopped into bed beside her.

As soon as I got into bed, she rolls over to sit on top of me, before giving me a long and increasingly deep kiss. I was completely caught up in the moment, until she breaks and it and looks down at me. She wraps her arms around my neck and brings me up, now pretty much straddling me. She rests her head on my shoulder and I embrace her too.

And then I felt it, a burst of warmth. She pushes me back to the bed and lets out a sigh/moan and says, "I thought I'd give it a shot for you, I've been holding it in ever since dinner." I watched as her jeans darkened quickly and I heard the loud hissing noise, then felt it. I won't go into details for the rest of the night, but I can tell you it was a good one. Later she told me she had practiced it a few times in the shower for me before actually doing it. I have a few other stories of things she has done for me involving omo. Unfortunately she only liked doing it just because I enjoyed it so much and she wasn't actually into it, but it was incredible none the less.

*002*2013-02-19 20:04

{{: 

Great story. Having had similar experience, I know it is even better when your partner, shares equally in you fetish. However, if she indulges you, and it fulfills your desires, getting you excited, and this in turn arouses her, it’s all good.

}}

Thanks! Yes, this was so out of nowhere for me it like, blew my mind when she did it. At first I thought it freaked her out, then bam. I at the time wasn't really confident with the whole omo thing and had a constant back and forth battle with myself over it. Over the course of the relationship she really was great at walking through it with me and trying different things, unfortunately in the long run the relationship ended up not working out.

