Drunken Desperation! (So close to witnessing a wetting)

Author: Rangadang

*000*2013-08-04 03:04

As the title suggests this story only contains desperation and Squatting whilst Peeing! which personally I'm more of a wetting fan myself, but what I witnessed was one of the most attractive things I have ever seen. The introduction is rather long as I've tried to set the scene as I know the community enjoys that (please let me know if I go overboard) without further or do, my first story. (Also I've marked where the desperation story starts for those who wish to skip it)

The clubbing scene is something I love being around just being on the better half of 19 it's still rather new due to the fact that we travel around a lot to find new clubs. As you can tell this ends with a lot of desperate friends on train trips and buses.

This memory is so vivid in my head as it happened only last night! The group jumped on the courtesy bus which would take us from one venue to another. The two main offenders were known as (for the stories purpose) blondy and jet black.

Blondy is actually a rather good friend of mine, she's known for her open, loud personality and is the less attractive of the two but she's the main focus of this tale. She has dirty blonde hair that reaches just past her shoulders with a cute face and a nice body type.

Jet black (JB) is stunning, her black her reaches her chest and she has a face that you can just tell is trouble when you first look at it and she has a great body. They both stand around 5 foot tall.

(STORY BEGINS)

We entered the courtesy bus with bright personalities all having a good laugh amongst friends, a few comments from all about how we wouldn't mind taking a nice piss when we finally got there. JB drew my attention as I was sitting next to her when she said;

"I need to pee so badly, we better get there soon or I'm going to get both you and this seat wet"

I came to attention almost instantly as you can imagine!

The bus trip was rather uneventful after that, the departure to the next venue was a loud one. Everyone handing out cigarettes for a quick hit before entering but Blondy couldn't help but protest;

"Guys, hurry up. I'm about to piss my pants!"

She was wearing a small black dress with a cardigan over her.

We sat on a bench together where JB stated that she also was about to piss all over herself. It was when we all made our drunken attempts to enter, I myself was offering words of encouragement to Blondy, saying she could make it (honestly I just wanted to stay on the topic) when everyone got accepted entry, she didnt, she talked too much when she wasn't asked any questions and the bouncers at the door denied her entry.

I stayed outside with her and she made a few more attempt to get in but to no avail, or the while she was growing more and more desperate;

"Ranga, I'm about to piss my pants, lets to see if the leagues club is still open and if I can use the toilet there"

I knew it was closed, but it was her idea and I decided to follow;

"Blondy, I don't think it's open"

But she insisted we check. We came to the main doors and surely enough it was closed. What followed was one of the most attractive things I've ever seen. As we were walking to an oval (she was now just contemplating squatting in public) she paused at a street sign to lean on it and said;

"Oh my god, I'm going to wet myself"

..and my heart began to race as I stood there in anticipation, but then she said she controlled it and we began to walk towards the oval, which was about 3 minutes away, we were looking right as it as we walked;

"How close are you to wetting yourself?"

"So close, I almost lost it back there!"

"Well just make it over to the oval :)"

"I don't even care if I wet myself anymore I just don't want to do it in front of these people"

This is where I started to be suggestive.

"We'll just make it over to that tree on the oval and then you can just let it go"

She was all up for the idea by the sounds of it, this just proved to me exactly how desperate she was. We quickly made it over to the tree where she dropped her panties and started peeing IMMEDIATELY I stood there in shock as she asked me not to watch, it was the strongest stream I've ever seen it reached about a metre in front of her, I couldn't help but pass a glance now and then and she looked so relieved, then shortly after she called a lift and went home and I was just pretty happy to witness that! :)

- Rangadang

*005*2013-08-27 08:49

As her friend dude, obviously she comes first before the omorashi, but believe me, I was thinking the same the whole time.

