Didn't quite make it home...

Author: themerger

*000*2015-05-06 20:30

Hey y'all!

For the first time in a while I began to wet myself uncontrollably while I was out shopping.

I downed a bottle of water and a thermos of coffee before taking off for my errands. I was wearing a button-down shirt, an old pair of jeans, a leather belt and some old green chuck taylors.

I made three stops altogether and by the end of the first I was already starting to feel myself filling up quickly. Upon stopping at my second destination, the bank, I was growing desperate rapidly. I regretted having to cut short my conversation with the cute teller, but I was feeling motivated to finish my errands and hit the bathroom when I got home.

As I was pulling into my third stop, Home Depot, I knew that this would be a quick visit, enabling me (hopefully) enough time to make it home dry. As I was chatting with the hardware rep about wall anchors my bladder was throbbing a bit, making it difficult to concentrate, but I stuck it out, picked up the anchors and screws I needed and left briskly.

I parked about 50 yards from the store and every step I took made my rock-hard bladder so uncomfortable I just had to let some out. I broke the seal and gushed into my pants as I was getting into my car, leaving a softball sized patch on the front of my pants. I was foolish to think I could stop there! As I was pulling out my bladder began to spasm slightly which made me release a long stream of pee, now flowing down the sides of my legs and under my groin.

I luckily always keep a towel in my backseat (in case of unplanned wetness!) and placed it beneath me. Upon leaving the plaza I hit a red light and was forcibly compelled to pee more so that now I could feel a stark wetness under me. I maintained composure for the rest of the ride home, hoping dearly that my Mom (my current roommate :) ) wasn't home.

Thank the heavens she wasn't! I scrambled out of my car, removed the towel and saw that I had left a sizable wet patch on the seat. I ran across my front lawn (in noticeably wet pants) to the front door and up the stairs to my room. I could feel a trickle start as i took the steps two at a time. I don't know what struck me then; the eager bladder, the toilet in sight and my leather belt all worked against me in my last ditch effort to make it to the toilet.

I just gave up and let it go...and go....and go! The urine hissed loudly into my pants as it coursed down my legs in tandem, literally filling my shoes with pee. It felt absolutely amazing! I peed for nearly 30 seconds straight before stripping off the soaked garments. I'd been contemplating throwing away the pants and the shoes since there was a hole rapidly wearing away in the underside of the crotch of the jeans and the chucks were almost a decade old, had very little arch support as it is, and had cracked soles. Needless to say, I didn't think twice about tossing them.

Below is a shot of the damage to my car seat...not exorbitant compared to the pants but definitely needed prompt attention.

Happee Wednesday everyone!

*005*2015-05-08 20:28

Thanks for the kind comments everyone!

I really love pushing my bladder to the limit, especially in a public setting. I'll be sure to post more and seeing as I will soon have the house to myself for a week, videos and photos will abound in addition to stories.

Happee Friday :D

