Best Date I've Ever Had...

Author: Guest Eli

*000*2014-02-05 00:44

Hey again People!

I promised to share all of my experiences that involve wetting accidents, and this one happened at winter 2011. I'll try to translate the names of places to English for you guys, but please excuse me if I mess up, after all English is not my first language.

I remember it clearly, it was my first actual sight of a desperate girl. It was cold, there was snow all around even though the sun was shining. The girl, more precisely my Girlfriend at the time, had her birthday that day and we went to a city in Iceland called Reykjavík, because I decided to give her a whole day of adventure in the city. I had the whole day planned, first we were going to a restaurant, since we'd be arriving around noon, after that we'd go wander around in town for a while, doing whatever she wanted to do, then eat a dinner at a restaurant that I had a "meal-for-two" gift card at, at the time it had just recently been chosen as the best restaurant in Iceland. To end the day we were going to see a movie we had both been waiting for.

Basic description of her: She has a dark hair, blue eyes and a really nice build. She is sweet, kind and pretty, the kind of girl anyone would want.

Clothing that day: She was wearing blue denim-leggings, a black zip-up hoodie and a black jacket over it.

Me and my Girlfriend, who's name is Salka, arrived at the bus station in Reykjavík at 12:30, and I asked her if she wasn't hungry after the long ride in the bus. She didn't take long to answer "Yes" and I said I knew just the place to go. We sat down at a restaurant called "The Pizza Corner", because it was the corner of a house that was at the end of a street. It was my treat so I ordered a 16' pizza and 2 large coke, and let her pick what should be on the pizza. She took a while to decide but finally settled with pepperoni, bacon, ham and extra cheese. We took our sweet time finishing up our lunch, and she drank 2 large glasses of coke, although I probably ate most of the pizza.

After we had finished, I asked her what she wanted to do next. She was quick to say that she wanted to go to the mall. It was quite a long walk from where we were, but she insisted, and since this trip was meant for her, and this part was where we would do what SHE wanted, I was unable to protest. On our way there we stopped in every other shop, and after 3 hours of walking between shops I suggested we'd sit down at a café so I could rest my feet for a little bit. I ordered a strong black coffee while she, not being a coffee drinker, ordered a big chocolate shake, my treat of course.

Then we went on our way to the mall, and I convinced her that there should be no more stops. Upon arriving to the mall, I told her I would buy her one piece of clothing, anything she'd want, no matter how expensive. The look on her face was priceless, as she bounced around me saying "thanks" over and over again. I went and bought us 2 1/2 liter bottle of coke, one for each. We went into a clothing store, one of the biggest "girl's clothing" in the country, and she began to run around looking at clothes.

As she was standing, looking at a rack of clothes, I noticed how she was fidgeting a little, as if she had a small urge to pee, but was too excited to give pay it any attention. I noticed how she had been moving between places more rapidly as time went on, and figured it was because she was becoming more and more desperate. After an hour looking around in the same store she finally decided it was time to try some clothes on. She went into a changing booth and came out again and again, to ask me how she looked in every single clothing she picked, which took about half an hour.

She finally came to a decision of what she wanted me to buy, it was some super expensive jeans, that actually looked pretty good on her.

By now I figured she must have had a pretty strong urge to pee, but yet she did not mention anything. We decided to sit down and relax for a bit. I went and bought us some chocolate milk to drink, and we sat there, talking about this and that for c.a. 40 minutes. During that time I noticed how she was fidgeting a lot in her seat and kept crossing her feet, or discreetly putting her hand in her crotch from time to time.

Suddenly her face turned red, and she started to speak in a low, shy voice, as if she was really embarrassed. She said she had to use the bathroom. I told her to hurry up and go then, but she said that she didn't want to go alone. The bathrooms there were shared, there were just bathroom stalls, so I said that I'd go with her. As we stood up she was holding her hand in her crotch. She was really desperate now, and no wonder, after all she had drank quite a lot of soda and other drinks throughout the day. She was holding my hand with her left hand, and I felt how her grip tightened as we got closer. When we finally reached the bathroom there was a line. She cried out "Oh no, you've got to be kidding me, I'm about to lose control!" 

I told her not to worry, she was going to make it, she just had to stay strong, even though deep inside I wasn't really sure if I wanted her to or not. I was amazed by how long she managed to maintain control. Then suddenly she whispered to me: "I think I won't make it, I have already wet my panties" and the same moment tears started falling down her face. I felt terrible for her, gave her a hug and told her it was going to be ok. When there was finally her turn she rushed into the stall and locked it.

After merely 30 seconds it opened again, and I saw immediately what had happened. There she stood with tears in her eyes and in wet, unbuttoned jeans. The jeans were really wet, she really had had to pee, as her jeans were soaked. I rushed to her, gave her a hug and tried to comfort her. I knew she felt terrible and miserable, peeing herself at her 16th birthday. She refrained herself from bursting into a cry, but she whispered to me "Sorry, I must be a terrible girlfriend to have, and I understand if you don't want me anymore". I was shocked. Why would I not want her just because of that, if something it made me love her more.

I gave her a big kiss and told her everything was going to be alright, we had bought new jeans earlier, so she could change into them, as for the panties, we were in a mall so buying a new pair wasn't going to be a problem. I went and bought it, although it felt quite awkward, a guy buying panties, but it was the least I could do for her. I hurried back to her and gave her the new pair of panties. She changed her clothes and put the wet ones in the bag that the new jeans had been in.

After a while she regained her smile and the day went on as I had planned. We ate at that restaurant and went to see the movie afterwards, but I could tell she still felt bad about her accident.

On our way home she made me promise to keep it a secret, and so I did, and we have not spoken of it since.

Unfortunately she moved away to Sweden with her parents last year, so we had to break up, although I won't deny I still have feelings for her, and probably always will. But we are still good friends and communicate through facebook from time to time, but we both agreed that a long-distance relationship would not work out.

Hope you liked it, and sorry if my English is bad, I try my best to make it look flawless.


