I may have created a monster...! - Page 7

Author: danewet

*150*2015-07-27 01:44

{{:

Does she also wet her, or your, bed?

I have seen the pictures when she is wet on a bed, but not in a bed. And I do not mean during sex, but for her own pleasure (and yours, I suppose...)

}}

Yeah...that happens quite often. Actually more often than not she'll wet the bed when we are having sex...sometimes soaks it even.

It might be the engaging factor, or it might happen during the act...and especially if I'm rubbing her to an orgasm, she'll end up very wet!

Our bed is protected, so she can pee whenever she feels like it

Sometimes it's a continuation of a wetting outside the bed...like in these pics where we ended up in bed, and she just kept on wetting.

The bed looked like this

&&

&&

&&

&&

*155*2015-08-03 11:49

{{:

Dude, love your story, the pictures, and especially your attitude! It's really not only down to luck, it's the attitude and willingness to keep on dreaming as well.

Oh, and I totally should move to Copenhagen! At least I'll spend a week there next month!

}}

Thanks...Looks like you'll get some good weather. July was pretty cold, but sunny and nice now.

Enjoy the city...maybe you catch a glimpse of some innocent looking girl with a sweet secret

*163*2015-08-25 12:50

{{:

Hehe, such a coincidence you should post today! Booked the flight yesterday, will be there August 25-27. That's disappointingly short, but it was either that or no trip at all.

If you've got any pointers on cool places to go, I'd be happy to hear some! I'll keep an eye out for the girl with the sweet secret - better than a dragon tattoo! ;)

}}

Looks like you'll miss the great weather...too bad

As for pointers...it's really up to your age and what you fancy. Lots of people like to see Christiania ...but to me it's a bunch of dirty hippies and junkies.

Tivoli gardens is worth a stroll I guess, and lots of Galleries and exhibitions everywhere.

Food is generally good, and you get what you pay for.

I hope you enjoy it

*164*2015-09-22 02:10

I was out traveling, and suddenly to my surprise this picture ticks in on my Facebook messenger!

Took a lot of effort to hide what I was looking at from the people around me...

This is just the every day life of a boyfriend to a naughty girl...my text messages are littered with indecent pictures from her, and now I can't be safe even on Facebook

*167*2015-12-04 13:23

My girlfriends side of the bed..!

She's been a rather "bad" girl this week

*169*2015-12-04 22:24

{{:

I saw on some of the earlier pages that she wanted to try diapers. I may have missed the update on that but did you guys try it?

}}

Sure...that happens every now and then.

You can read one account here:

$/11321-waiste-band-pictures/?p=732612

*172*2015-12-10 17:45

{{:

I wish i had friends like that, youre very lucky

}}

Well...remember that I didn't even know what I had, until I was willing to open up.

Sometimes we think of ourselves to be more odd than we actually are...and the one next to us might be thinking the same, and hoping someone could accommodate their quirks

