Traffic playground II

Author: Lukhas

*000*2014-11-16 18:45

Part one:

$/22985-traffic-playground/

Yes, now I am back on my bike but with the big problem. I did not manage go in time to the WC and did it in my jeans. And I am not alone here in playground. All my class and another class is here. So I need to think about some plan how to hide my wet jeans. In my jeans in not only wet patch I peed completely them.

On the start I will bike only on not so much busy streets. If I am biking so it is not visible so much. But in some minutes we are going back to the school. It will not be easy to hide it. Maybe I could pretend falling to some puddle or spill my jeans with my bottle of tee. Yes, I must find something.

Suddenly I am hearing one of my classmates behind me:

Jeane: what happened with you?

Lukas: nothing....

Jeane: but you have wet jeans

Lukas: yes, I biked in big puddle, so it splashed..... you know...

And I turned to another street. It looks like good. Maybe she has bought it. I do not know but fact is that she are biking on. She does not tell that I am in wet jeans. This is good!

OH no! Charles is biking oppsite to me. I do not like him. He is stoping accros the road and I must stop too. And go down from bicycle.

Charles: oh my Lord. Are you wetting on yourself?

Lukas: it was only little accident.... eh, not so much....

Charles: I cannot believe it. Ha,ha

Charles is biking to the other streets but I can see that he is stoping and talking with another classmates and looking to me. It is clear what he is talking about.

We are now ready to return our bikes and we are standing in front of gate because the teacher wants to count us.

Teacher: so we are all and now we go to the busstop and take the bus to the school. Everything is OK?

Charles: Lukas wet himself ha,ha!

Teacher: Lukas, where are you? Is it true?

Lukas: ehh.... little (now teacher notices my jeans)

Teacher: I showed you building with WC before we started here! Why did not use it?

Lukas (I am crying little bit) I noticed too late and there was no keys.... (classmates are laughing)

Teacher: So now you must be in your clothes all way back to the school, where do you live?

Lukas: street 1515

Teacher: OK, it is one stop before our school, we get off there and we go to your house and you change your clothes there, OK?

Lukas: (I am not willing to go to my house, maybe is my mommy at home from her work, but I am not too brave to say it)..... OK.

In the bus I must be standing. I do not have something to protect the seat. In one cross we are stoping on red light.

Charles+Eve: do you see that shop accros the street?

Lukas: no and I do not want to talk with you.

Charles+Eve: but there you can buy something for you, there is babyshop and they have diapers, I am sure HAHAHA!

Fuck you too Charles and Eve and others.......

Now we are in fron of my house and the teacher sends me at home. The class will wait here for me.

The doors is not locked. Oh my Lord, mommy is probably at home. I am unlucky today.

Mommy: are not you early at home today?

Lukas: I must go at once I only (now my mommy notices my jeans)

Mommy: did you pee yourself?

Lukas: only.......

Mommy: what happened?

Lukas: long way in bus.....

Mommy: is anybody noticing that you pee in your jeans?

Lukas: yes, all class. They wait to me in front of house. (and I am crying again)

Mommy: Oh no, you are not child, Lukas. You should hold it or go to the WC before bus trip. Take a shower and new clothes and another shoes.

So I took shower, new clothes and shoes and went back in front of my house and to the school. I was teased some months.

But if I am looking back I like to have my pee in my jeans :-)

