Caught in Traffic

Author: Little Alice

*000*2014-10-18 00:45

This is another story involving Alice, if you don't know who Alice is read the story I posted a while ago called “taxi ride (m+f)”. This happened a few weeks after the events of the first story. Note, this story involves Alice but she isn't the focus of the story.

When we were kids one of our favourite places to go was Camelot. If you are from the UK you might know where I mean, if not Camelot is a theme park based around King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table and what not and all the rides and shows and attractions are medieval themed which as kids we found awesome. As we got older we stopped going as often as we were favouring more adult theme parks like Alton Towers and Flamingo Land. We were hanging out one and she asked me if I wanted to go to Camelot. Her parents and her Aunt and Uncle were going with the kids and had said she could bring a friend and obviously wanted to invite me. I agreed to go and we spent the rest of the day reminiscing about the times we had spent their as kids. A couple of weeks later we went and upon arrival her mum said that we didn't have to stick with them and if we wanted to go off on our own we could.

So we went round on our own for a few hours, met back up for lunch and to watch the jousting show then departed again for the afternoon. About 6 o'clock Alice got a call from her Mum saying they were heading back towards the exit and to meet them there at half 6. We made our way through the park, stopping at the games to win a couple of huge stuffed toys and got to the exit. Alice said she was going to pee and handed me her toy. When she came back she asked if I wanted to go but I declined. I had pee'd just after lunch and although I felt a need I wanted to hold it till I got home. Plus it wasn't a long journey, it would only take an hour straight down the motorway. We made it back to the cars and decided who was going in what car. The kids all wanted to go in the same car and went with her Aunt and Uncle which left her, me and her parents in the other car.

We set off and after 10 minutes of navigating through the villages we joined the motorway and from there on it was plain sailing until we got to our exit. As we trammed along we chatted about the day and college and all sorts of things. After half an hour the chatter had died down and we were just listening to the radio. Me and Alice were exchanging the odd text, conversing about things not to be heard by her parents. I messaged her and as I waited for her to reply I noticed her leg bobbing as she tapped her foot. 

I have know her long enough to know that that means she is either bored or needs to pee. As time passed by I kept glancing at her leg gradually tapping faster getting more and more convinced she needed to pee. We passed the house in the middle of the motorway (for those who don't know near where I live there is a farm smack bang in the middle of the motorway, when the motorway was built the owner refused to move so they built the motorway around his land). Passing this meant we were only 10 minutes from our exit.

As we came over the crest of the hill we could see the motorway stretching out before snaking through the landscape. The traffic around us started to get heavier which wasn't surprising, we were passing through a city at rush hour. Then we hit roadworks, which again wasn't surprising, anyone who knows the M62 will know it always has roadworks. The roadworks had closed off two lanes meaning only one was left open. This slowed the traffic right down and we crawled along through the work site.

When we came out the other end and it opened up back into three lanes the traffic was still moving slow. There was a matrix up ahead informing drivers that there had been an accident a few junctions up ahead and to expect delays. The traffic slowed right down until we were virtually at a stand still, moving forward ever so slightly every 30 seconds. We guessed that wherever the accident was they had cleared a lane and were letting a few cars at a time through to keep the traffic moving and also keep the emergency service crews safe. Her mum suggested coming off and taking the A roads but we had just passed an exit. Her dad said he would try get off at the next exit and managed to make it across to the right lane. We slowly crawled along at a snails pace, luckily none of us were overly bothered by traffic jams and just went with it.

Alice asked her dad how far till the next exit and he said at the pace we were going about 15 minutes. She said Okay but she looked concerned. I sent her a text asking if she was alright and she replied and said “yeah I'm fine, just need to pee”. I sent a message back joking with her that she had pee'd before we left and she said “yeah I know but just look at how many novelty cup refills I had today, going before we left has got my bladder working full time :p”. I laughed and replied “haha, I need to go as well”. I did need to go but I wasn't desperate, I just wanted her to fee l like she wasn't alone.

As we approached the exit we pulled onto the slip road which allowed to us to pick up speed and soon we were sat at the traffic lights waiting to leave the motorway. I got a text saying “at least we are out of that lot”. I looked at her and nodded smiling. We got through the traffic lights and went round the roundabout coming off at our exit. We drove down the road for about five minutes and suddenly hit more traffic. The road we were taking was notorious for traffic lights and jams but what with people coming off the motorway to avoid that jam it was starting to cause troubles here. Her Mum suddenly piped up and said “typical, why is there always hold ups when you need to pee”. Her dad laughed and said “i was just thinking the same thing” to which her mum replied “and the worse the traffic the worse you seem need to go”. Alice said “oh good, at least I'm not the only one who really needs to pee”.

I knew she had to go but hearing her say it out loud turned me on. Her mum turned round and said “do you need to go too? See what I mean, bloody traffic”. We drove along hitting hold ups and traffic lights and after after 20 minutes we had done what should be done in 5 minutes. We came to a crossroads and we needed to go straight ahead but her mum pointed to the right and said “go that way”. Her dad asked why and she replied “i know that way means taking the back roads and its a longer route but at least it should be quieter and we will most likely get home quicker....the quicker the better cos I'm busting for a pee. As she spoke those words my cock hardened.

I had heard her say it before many times, she was very vocal about her need to pee but when she said she was usually at home and would go pee, but now she was stuck in a car with nowhere to go, a fantasy I had often had about her. One of many fantasies, ever since I hit puberty I had found her desirable. What you would call a MILF. It didn't help that because I had known her all my life she wasn't shy around me. When we were younger I had gone on holiday with them and seen her butt naked walking around our hotel room and the way she saw it i've seen it all before. Therefore many times when I'm at their house she will be in the shower then walk round in next to nothing. Drives me wild.

I looked at Alice and saw she was fidgeting and text her asking her how she was doing. She replied and said “Not bad, starting to get desperate now”. To be honest so was I. Now that we were on the back roads we were tramming along. I kept alternating between watching Alice fidget and watching her mum's legs bouncing. Her mum kept making noises and then said “ooooo, hurry up babe, I'm dying for a pee” and slid her hand between her legs. I stared at her legs bouncing around and her hand squeezed between them. God it was a beautiful sight.

Alice said “yeah hurry up dad” in a jokey tone to which he laughed and said “alright alright, keep your hair on”. Her mum said “it's alright you laughing but some of us really have to pee”. He nodded and said “yeah I know, i'm one of them”. We joined the main road and drove down into our town. Once we reached the bottom of the hill there was a set of traffic lights, then another 4 sets afterwards. My eyes were now glued to her mum, watching her wiggle and bounce as she squeezed between her legs. We got through the first three sets of lights and then as we approached the last set they turned red. Her mum cursed under her breath and her dad laughed. She playfully hit him and said “stop laughing it's not funny, i'm seriously close to wetting myself”. My eyes went wide, I knew she was desperate but I didn't realise she was close to having an accident. This made my cock go rock hard and I moved my hands over it to hide it.

The lights finally turned green which was greeted with a “oh thank god” from the front. I wasn't paying attention to where we were, I was just watching this beautiful sexy woman wiggle around in desperation trying not to wet herself. Her dad said “here we go” and I looked up to see us pulling into their driveway. He parked the car and said “first dibs” and got out of the car. Her mum shouted “nooooooooo” and got out of the car as well. Having been on many car journeys with them I knew what first dibs meant.

They had a rule when they were on their way home. The first one to call dibs got to use the bathroom first. I was actually surprised no one had said it sooner. We got out of the car and walked towards to the front door. Her mum was stood with her legs crossed dancing from foot to foot as her dad opened the door. When he opened it we went inside and he went upstairs. Her mum shouted after him “don't be long babe I'm bursting” then she walked into the kitchen. We followed her in and I sat at the table.

Alice said she needed to put her phone on charge and went upstairs. I watched her mum as she stood at the counter, crossing and uncrossing her legs, bobbing and dancing. Every so often she would bend forward slightly and when she did she stuck her bum out and it looked so sexy wiggling about. I heard footsteps on the stairs and assumed it was Alice. Then her dad walked into the kitchen and her mum said “oh thank god, I can't hold it much longer”. She made for the door and her dad laughed and said “you will have to, Alice just went in after me”. She groaned and resumed her wiggling and dancing. Her dad went into the lounge and left me once again watching her. My cock felt like it was going to burst out of my jeans, on top of being aroused I had to pee pretty bad.

Her phone beeped. She looked at it and laughed and said “they are almost here, he says “get the kettle on”. She picked up the kettle and put it under the tap and tuned it on. The moment the water hit the bottom of her kettle she winced and grabbed herself. “oh god that was a bad idea” she said. I laughed. That sound had hit me too, I seriously had to pee. I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and saw Alice at the bottom of the stairs, she waved at me and told me to come over. As I walked towards the door her mum said “oh god you aren't going to the toilet are you, if you are please please please be quick”. I said “i do have to go but nowhere near as bad as it looks like you need to go so you go before me”. She smiled and said “oh god thanks” and darted past me.

I walked over to Alice and she said lets get the stuff out of the car. We walked out and opened the boot of the car. She obviously noticed me shuffling about and asked if I still needed to pee. I said I did and quite bad and she started teasing me, which only lead to me being more turned on. As we were stood chatting her mum came out and said “that feels much better, your turn”. I laughed and went inside and headed upstairs. I got to the bathroom and pulled my cock out and immediately started peeing. If I hadn't been on the ball I would pee'd all over the floor. I finished up and went downstairs and back outside.

As I walked over to Alice and her mum the other car pulled up and the kids jumped out and ran over to us. The eldest said “hey, gotta pee” then ran inside. Alice's Auntie got out of the car and came over to us and said “by god that traffic was horrendous, didn't think we would ever get home, i've been nearly wetting myself for the past half hour and began pee dancing on the spot”. Alice's mum laughed and said “yeah, we were in that boat not too long back, I thought I was going to burst when we got home”. “I've been thinking that for the past half hour, I kept thinking I wasn't going to make it back”.

The eldest girl came out and said she was going to talk to her Uncle. The two boys went inside after her. I turned round to find the two women chatting away. Alice's uncle walked past us and said hey then went inside as well. Her auntie was stood dancing around chatting to her sister and I was amazed that even though she was obviously on the verge of wetting herself she was still talking. Suddenly she said “oh god I can't wait anymore i'm going to have to go and pee” to which her sister said “i think your Phil has just gone to the bathroom”. She looked at her in horror and said “oh god, he best hurry up, i'm starting to wet myself.

She started to walk towards the house and suddenly stopped and without hesitation she undid her jeans, pulled them down, pulled her knickers down and squatted down, peeing full force onto the driveway. We all looked at her in shock, well...mine was aroused shock. I couldn't help but stare as she released her bladder, the sounds of her relieved sighs filling the air. She stopped peeing, pulled her pants back up and carried on talking like nothing had happened. She noticed the shocked look on our faces and said “sorry about that, I was on the verge of having an accident, it was either that or pee myself”. She walked into the house followed by her sister. Me and Alice were left standing by the car. She looked at me and said “well, that was interesting” and we both laughed and grabbed the stuff out of the boot and headed inside as well.

The End.

Well there we go, hopefully you guys will enjoy, I know I'm not the best writer so let me know what you think and give criticism if you have any.

