Most recent wetting

Author: wettingpants

*000*2014-04-18 20:38

Hey everyone,

Thought it could be interesting to start a thread on recent wettings?

And there's nothing stopping anyone from posting more than once if they wet more than once!

So mine...

Last night I was desperate to do a bed wetting. Being in bed I wanted to be comfortable so I had on a fairly tight pair of boxers, some black cycling shorts and a pair of black running shorts. I laid down a plastic sheet under a blanket, so it would still feel like I'm on a softer surface, then carefully placed 4 towels folded up.

I tried to hold it for a while but still didn't feel naturual. I eventually put my cover over me, put my laptop to the side, left a youtube interview running then closed my eyes as if going to sleep.

Not too logn later I felt the urge to pee, it was there and if I let go it would flow out. I let it spurt. I felt my crotch get a bit warm. I adjusted the towels so it was thick around the sides of my legs and between my legs and I let it go. I felt the warm liquid spread over the front of my boxers and leak down my legs. The warm sensation flowed and dribbled down and around my legs.

When I finished I just lay there. Droplets and dribbles carried on down the side and inside of my legs. I leaned over and checked under the towels. Turned out they had soaked it all up, there was no stain on the blanket!

With this I carried on watching my laptop. At least 10 minutes later I felt another quick urge, obviously it hadn't all come out before. I checked under my shorts and my boxers were'nt as dark coloured as a fresh wetting but still fairly damp. I let the new pee go. This one wasn't as big but still felt fantastic.

Still desperate to carry on, I spent the next few hours letting my boxers and shorts dry out and drinking anything I could find.

I eventually got back into bed and after putting a bit of pressure onto my bladder out it comes again, fresh, warm pee soaking my already twice wet, damp underwear and shorts.

At this point it was around 3/4am so I decided it was time to go and clean up. I showered and put all the clothes and towels straight into the wash.

*002*2014-04-22 12:54

{{ 

Very hot! I have always wanted to do a bed wetting, but have never had the courage.

}}

Hey, as long as you've put down enough towels it should be fine and still feel natural :) x

