Desperate Measures

Author: ChildOfShadows

*000*2014-05-18 01:22

So this story is about a very poorly laid out set of bathrooms, last autumn at a football game (not at my university). I do not have the faintest idea WHAT the design flaw was, but the line for the women's bathroom DURING the game, ie not at halftime, was over forty minutes long. By estimation, of course; I spent ten minutes in it, moved roughly four feet forward. The portion of the line I could see was four times that long. I don't even know how far it went inside.

Well, I'm with the band. Marching band. This means that I am in a very hot and itchy uniform, and also cannot take forever at the bathroom....not to mention it would be VERY obvious if I wet in my white uniform pants, which was looking more likely by the minute.

I spent the ten minutes in the nearly non-moving line strategizing.

My tall frame, unisex uniform, and pixie cut gave me a unique advantage that few people possess; including, to my mild amusement, the wriggling sorority girls all up and down the line. I stepped away from the line, into an alcove, to perform a very simple modification: removing my three earrings and stashing them in my pocket, and ruffling up my neatly feminine hair to an unruly and potentially male style.

Thus modified, I strode into the men's room like I totally belonged there. The line had seven people in it for three stalls; a long line, but not half as bad as the women's. The three stalls were in the corner, with a trough urinal along the probably thirty-foot wall opposite the sinks. I was blushing hard from needing to go and from the rather potent turn-on of no less than twenty men at any given time peeing just feet away.

A bad shock of desperation. No spurt, but it does make me jump. I reached down and rubbed quickly to keep myself in check....around a huge wad of my shorts and panties, scratching non-existent balls.

I'm in this line for a few minutes. Fortunately, men don't talk in toilet lines....my voice would give me away instantly, it's far too high. I'm second in line, trying not to show pee desperation.....I should have been able to go in the trough to be in there. Out of the last stall comes another band member, having taken a bit longer in dealing with his uniform (the design sucks for this kind of thing). He looks me in the eye, trying to identify me. Fortunately, this is my first year, and the band is large....Just because he doesn't know me doesn't mean a thing.

Nothing happens. He walks on, and the man in front of me takes his stall as another opens for me.

I pretty much rip open my jacket to get to the straps of my bibbers (band pants), and yank those down as well. My cotton shorts are dampish....possibly from being turned on, but I wasn't going to stick around to make sure. Happiness was jetting out the 32 oz Coke I'd been drinking.

Five minutes of uniform wrestling later, I am heading out of the men's room, much relieved. I pass, on the way out, three drunk girls wrestling their way in, calling "sorry boys, can't wait". I breathe a sigh of relief....I no longer have to pee, and my highly introverted nature would make a scene like I witnessed with the drunk girls an absolute hell; possibly worse than quietly wetting myself (as I would have run for cover if that had started).

I slipped my earrings back in as I slipped back into my seat in the stands.....strangely, between my section leaders. "That was fast," our girl told me. "What took you so long?" asked the boy.

No one that I know of has a single clue.

*002*2014-05-18 22:39

Bought it before halftime, stood in line after. Probably a little over an hour? That's not that crazy at American football, I didn't think. Pretty common for my friends and such.

