Girlfriends into omo too! <3

Author: roxykkling

*000*2015-10-18 15:31

I haven't written here in forever. I recently left my husband in the middle of the night after he put his hands in me and threw me down. I left Ohio with a long time friend and I'm now in PA. soooo much happier. I'm also with Paige, a fling from three years ago. I'm so in love with her. I always have been. I'm sooooooo much happier now with everything.

So Paige and I share a similar fetish. While I'm into omo it turns out she's into being dominated a little and into being peed on. So interesting finding this out late one night when we were sitting up talking. So yesterday we spent the whole day together since she's gone for three days on a field op with work. our plan was to take my son to the pumpkin patch after running some errands. We never made it. We stopped for lunch. Did some shopping stopped by her best friends house to drop off beer he forgot in her jeep the night before. When we got to his house I already really had to pee but I was being silly about asking to use the restroom. we stayed for about an hr and then we headed to her house for her to get some clothes and stuff for the field op. on the way she reached over to stick her hand in my pants, high sex drive she has.

I told her no that I really had to pee and she said good it'll make it better. And it does. Its hard to enjoy bec I'm concentrating on not peeing even tho she likes that too but wanted to keep my pants dry. so by the time we made it to her place I really had to go. before I even got to the bathroom she pushed me against the wall and started kissing me and moaning into my ear which she knows really turns me on. We started fooling around, pants came off and I forgot all about having to pee. We ended up on the kitchen floor. Her teasing me with her fingers and tongue and before I knew it I was orgasming. She has this way of giving me body shaking whole body orgasms.

I orgasmed hard and remembered my need to pee when the pressure and sensation hit me midst orgasm. I know how much she likes it when she "gives u such a good orgasm it causes u too pee" so I relaxed and let it happen only a little. Which of course made me had to go all the more. when she realized it she laid back on the floor pulling me on top of her to straddle her lap and continued to rub my clit while I rode against her. I relaxed and let it happened and started peeping while on top of her.

Immediately I could tell she was turned on she has this way of setting her jaw that gives it away and her nostrils flare. So cute. it was running across her stomach and down the floor and soon we were laying in a puddle. and both wet from more than just my release.after that we got in the shower and cleaned up. And of course had sex again.

