Had an accident today

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2013-02-22 17:44

So, today I kind of had an accident. Yesterday I did some holding sessions with several people but apart from a couple of leaks nothing serious happened. Today I caught our dear friend cg125 online very early and we had great fun yesterday, so I thought it would be fun to chat a bit again. So we did. I just had been to the bathroom after waking up so I didn't have to go at all. Like every morning I started the day with tea. After a huge mug of tea cg125 already asked me if I needed a wee. Of course not! So he ordered me to drink some more. He was already bursting to pee and I had to feel the same. So I drank a bottle of water.

Soon I felt the need to pee... I was a bit confused, because normally it takes a great deal of time before I have to go. Probably my muscles were a bit tired from all this holding I did yesterday, so I felt my need increase soon. Naturally I wasn't allowed to go to the bathroom. Soon I was wiggling around and holding on.

As I was feeling naughty, I decided to let a bit out. But... oops! Soon there was running more out than I wanted! So, I clenched and managed to stop the flow. When I wanted to get up to rush to the toilet, I heard my roommate wandering the corridor and entering the kitchen. Shit! Now I couldn't walk to the bathroom, my underwear was all wet, it showed! I thought quickly and put on some black shorts, then grabbed some stuff to shower. I rushed though the corridor to the bathroom and locked the door. I barely managed to get my shorts out and hop into the shower before I started to release. I peed all through my white trunks and when I was done I took a shower in them.

I was a bit shocked at first but very turned on as well! Especially because my dear cg125 pissed himself as well, but that's a story he can tell himself if he wants to... ;)

*002*2013-02-22 17:58

Heh, definitely! A fried who will probably be the cause of many accidents in the future... :)

*006*2013-02-25 13:36

Had another accident for cg125 again yesterday. This time the leaks were much bigger. After spurting once I noticed a wet spot on my pants already. I quickly ran into the bathroom (thankfully nobody was at home!) and had a huge accident in my pants. Much more pee then the accident described above. I think my bladder is back to its standards again... ;)

And guys: thanks for replying! Greatly appreciated!

*011*2013-03-02 08:23

Especially if I can make that friend have accidents as well... :$ (not to mention he is a cutie and that makes having accidents for him even better, and his own accidents become even better as well *giggles*)

