Woke up desperate

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-02 09:17

Hello everyone!

I fell asleep last night at about 1am with a slight need to pee, but I was much to tired to care.

This morning I woke up at the sound of my housemates alarm, she sets them every 15 minutes for two hours at about 10am, with a dry mouth, crazy headache and an aching bladder.

I groaned and pulled the covers over my head, bending my left leg up and curling it under my crotch to get rid of the desperation. I realised I was awake and grabbed my phone, checking here, fb and the like, whilst squeezing and moving my legs against each other in desperation.

Eventually my headache made me get up and take one of those effervescent tablets. I laid in my bed and grabbed my crotch to ready myself for sitting up. I pulled the covers off of me and stood up. I spurted for a couple seconds so I quickly sat back down. I could see a spot on my crotch of wetness.

I took a couple breaths and went into the kitchen, got a glass, filled it with water and tried to open the tube of tablets. I was leaking and had to cross my legs and bend at the waist to stem the flow. My goal was to drink it before peeing but I couldn't hold on, I was fidgeting crazily and grabbed my panties giving myself a front wedgie (haha) to stop myself from peeing but it was no use. My bladder spasmed and I started peeing.

I ran to the bathroom and stood there holding myself with my legs twisted up trying to stem the flow. It eventually stopped and I moved to the bathroom and carefully took down my pjs. I began peeing full force into my panties so I removed those as well and peed into the toilet for a good minute and a half lol!

I took a pic of my wet crotch!

Enjoy :)

*002*2015-10-02 10:01

{{: 

Why didn't your housemate choose that moment to go for a badly-timed shower? She really needs to work on that. You could've enjoyed your front wedgie for a little longer then!

}}

OMG hahaha she won't be up for ages I might have to wake her up, but I'm still in bed in my wet clothes

One of these days I'll end up peeing myself outside the bathroom door though, I push myself too far

*004*2015-10-02 11:57

{{: 

Once again you've done a brilliant job in your wetting description with even more brilliant photos. Thanks so much for sharing. They are always a jem.

}}

No problem, thank you for your comments, I'm glad you enjoy it :P

*006*2015-10-02 12:24

{{: 

Another story in the making then! Hope so, at least :-)

PS - try banging saucepans together outside her door. That usually works.

}}

As well you know, I think you have a deal with my housemate to make her make me pee myself! And I messaged her on facebook, then she made me lunch and we watched tv together, I don't think I'm so cruel as to use saucepans!

*008*2015-10-02 17:40

{{: 

Nothing better than waking up desperate...great description and pics :)

}}

I always try and wake up like that! Start the day off on the right foot

*011*2015-10-02 20:41

{{: 

Gotta have that half a coffee before bed, caffeine kicks in right as you wake up and you get a full bladder. (a full glass could make you wet, so if its not your intention, be careful.)

}}

A glass of coffee? And caffeine before bed is a recipe for disaster for me lol :P

*013*2015-10-02 20:56

{{: 

LOL "a glass" woops. haha

}}

I know your secret arcane! I mean other than the omo one :P you drink coffee in a tall glass and pretend you're in a caffè

*015*2015-10-02 21:26

{{: 

Noooooooooo. Well, time to pack my bags, change my name, and i'm taking my glasses with me.

}}

That just made me laugh out loud

