Stories about my ex

Author: TheEnigmatic

*000*2015-04-23 15:47

So I was sitting at my desk wondering how I could contribute to this site more, I thought that beyond my own holds and wetting (that I often record on the Live Action Thread) that I had very little to add to this community. Then I remembered that I was previously in a relationship for two years with a girl that not only seemed to have very poor bladder control, but also would wet herself for me quite frequently. I have decided to create a thread to tell you about some of the times she lost control, both accidentally and on purpose. Now for obvious reasons I will not be using her name, so we shall call her Amy (Not even close to her real name). The first story I am going to tell you about was towards the end of our relationship about a year and a half ago (so some details might be hazy). This is a bed wetting story.

Now for some context to my story. It was during my first year at university and I was living in halls, I had a small single bed, but I also had my own sink in my room. The toilets were at the end of the corridor and needed a key to open them. This isn't really important to this story but might be for later stories. Now Amy would often stay with me in my halls at university, and we would often get drunk on the weekends. This was one of those weekends, now I am not a big drinker. Amy drank a lot more often than me, yet for some reason I could hold my drink a lot better than she could. This night was no different, at around 2am I was rather drunk, however Amy was struggling to stand. She had been drinking more than she usually did and was feeling the effects.

Now, like I said she before she often had poor bladder control and when she was drunk this was magnified by 10. I received many phone calls at night from a drunken Amy telling me that she had wet herself. This night she seemed to be in control, she did wet herself once (on my desk chair) but I honestly don't know if that was on purpose or not (she told be she didn't realize she had to go until she had started peeing but part of me believes she just couldn't be bothered to go to the toilet). Anyway at this point I realized that we both needed to sleep, so I took Amy to the bathroom to pee before we went to bed. (I had already cleaned her up from her last accident). She went to bed wearing my grey tracksuit bottoms and her light pink t shirt.

Now Amy liked to cuddle in her sleep (I love cuddling however when I want to sleep I want my room, but I was quite drunk so I let it go on this night) So we fell asleep around 3 am I was laid on my back and she had her head on my chest and her left leg over my legs, it was about as comfortable as we could get in a single bed. A few hours later I was woken up by a soft moan. I imagine many people on this site know the "I really really need to pee" moan. However Amy was fast asleep, still cuddling into me. I ignored it and tried to get back to sleep. Amy moaned again and faintly said "I need a wee." I tried talking to her, asking her if I should help her to the toilet but she was out cold, she was just mumbling in her sleep.

Once again I tried to get to sleep but then I felt a slight warmth growing across my leg. Amy was peeing herself, on my leg, in my bed. I just laid there waiting for her to finish as the warm pee spread across my leg and under Amy's bum. After I was sure she was finished I tried to get up. Amy was still out cold. Eventually I was able to move her. The damage wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The left leg of my PJ bottoms were soaking, as were my grey tracksuit bottoms that Amy had just wet. The wet patch went from her crotch completely soaking her bum and her right leg. Most of the pee had ended up on me the bed, although suffering a reasonable wet patch, could have been a lot worse. 

I knew I wouldn't be able to clean up with Amy still lying in my bed (she had rolled over in her sleep to the dry side of the bed) so I threw some towels on the pee stain and went back to sleep. The next morning I cleaned up my bed, a very hungover Amy and did some much needed washing. Amy herself couldn't remember the incident at all, she wasn't at all bothered however, she knew how much I liked seeing her wet herself and my favorite were always her real genuine accidents. This was actually one of my favorite wetting moments in our relationship and I thought it would be good to share it here. I hope you all enjoy it.

*006*2015-05-01 22:04

The next story I am going to share with you was from before the drunken bed wetting was by far and away the best wetting accident I have had the pleasure of witnessing.

Once again I will start with a little background. I am two years older than Amy, so during our relationship I was a fresher (first year) at university while she was in her final year at sixth form college (I did an extra year at sixth form, its how we met). Her timetable changed from week to week, while I had every Friday off as a result she would come up to see me Friday afternoon and stay with me until Sunday evening. It was an hour long bus journey from our local town to my new university city. My university is based in the city centre, and my halls were on campus so it wasn't a long walk from the bus stop to my room. I would say ten minutes at a slow walk.

Now, during our relationship I am sure you have guessed that she was more than happy to indulge me in wetting and desperation. In fact, every week, the night before she would come to see me I would ask her if she had had any accidents that week. There were very often some close calls and at least twice I had the fortune of hearing about some moments she “unfortunately” didn't make it. Anyway, this week I asked the regular question and got an unusual answer. “Nothing this week, but I kinda need to pee right now.” Well this had my attention and I immediately decided to try and get a little fun out of this.

I issued her a challenge, she was not allowed to pee all day. She would have to hold it for the rest of her college day, for the bus journey and until she was at mine. At that point I would give her the key to my bathroom and she was allowed to use the toilet. If she held it, and peed in the toilet at mine, I would buy us both a takeaway that night and she could make any sexual demands she wanted for the whole weekend. If she caved and used a toilet before reaching mine, or she wet herself, she would pay for food that night and I could make any sexual demand I wanted. I should let you know the time was 10 am and she finished that day at 2pm and coming straight to mine. So she would have to told it for at least 5 hours. She happily accepted (how happily she accepted despite the fact there was a real chance of wetting herself on a bus is one of the many reasons I am certain she enjoyed wetting herself but she would never admit it to me) the challenge was set.

I wish I could tell you more about her day, but unfortunately I heard very little about her hold as we were both very busy. However it soon became time for her to get the bus to mine and I was very keen to hear about her bladder situation. She told me she was dying, it was a need to pee unlike anything she had felt before. This was music to both my ears and my wallet. She told me she wwas 100% certain she would lose it on the bus and said she was sat at the back, strategically positioned so that if the dam broke it would be known to nobody. I got very few updates about her journey, she told me she was playing candy crush or some stupid mobile game to keep her mind off her full bladder. The time came to pick her up (I made sure I was fashionably late) and I walked to the bus stop wondering if I would be greeted by a girl in wet pants.

I was not, she was sat waiting for me with a very annoyed face. (Have you ever seen a girl who is both annoyed yet surprisingly turned on? That was the face she was pulling). Now she studied dance at her sixth form and was wearing her after dance clothes, a pair of dark red jogging bottoms and a grey vest. How she had survived an hour of dance with a full bladder was beyond me but she later confessed she has dance in the morning that week so her bladder was not very full then.

She couldn't walk. Put simply she couldn't walk. She was bent over with her hands to her crotch with very little care for who saw her. I eventually got her up and we began the long walk (waddle) to my university dorms and sweet sweet relief. Now I should mention that for fun, I made sure we passed the toilets. Two reasons, one I am a very cruel man. Two, neither of us were into public wetting. I would not really get any enjoyment out of her peeing into her pants in the town centre. I would feel awful and would blame myself for her humiliation and honestly that was not ok in my books. I offered her the chance to pee in the public toilets, I even offered to split the takeaway if she wanted to give up.

Nope! It was in my university toilet or in her pants! (Those are the exact words she used!) The journey to my room was a slow plodding affair. Her hand didn't leave her vagina once. She hadn't stood straight since she finished college. We finally made it to my building. It had taken us 20 minutes and every second of that had the double effect of turning me (and amy) on while making it harder for her bladder. I lived on the first floor of my building so we only had to go up one flight of stairs, although by this point I was certain that she would wee herself in the stair well. She took each step carefully, swearing with each once. Eventually we made it to my room. I unlocked the door, she rushed in to put her back down. I moved into my room and began to hand her my bathroom key. She looked at me. “Close the door”

“But, you need to pee?”

“It's too late”

And with that I saw the slowly spreading wet patch between her still clenched legs. I closed the door and watched in awe as the entire day's worth of pee emptied itself onto my bedroom floor. The wet patch spread from her crotch down both of her legs, the soft hissing was an amazing soundtrack to the greatest wetting I have ever witnessed. Amy had a look of defeat on her face, she wasn't embarrassed she had made it to my room and she had wet herself countless times before, but she had wanted to beat the challenge. She finished making a puddle that spread across my entire room.

“I needed that”

She ripped off her pants got onto my bed.

“I guess you win this round, so what is my punishment?”

And I told her, like any self respecting omorashi fan would do in this situation.

“No bathroom for the entire weekend!”

And what a weekend it was.

*010*2015-05-07 18:31

Hi everyone, back again. I just want to thank you all for the positive feedback. I am glad you are enjoying these stories.

The experience I am going to share with you today will be brief, this is an incident that I unfortunately did not witness, but Amy described to me in detail and showed me pictures of. I will do my best but my descriptive work on this story will be limited at best.

A few months after the wetting incident described above Amy had a long day at college and I had another day off. This was midweek (History student, very few lecture hours) and I was just putting some finishing touches to my assignment, I wasn't seeing Amy until the weekend and wasn't expecting to hear from her much that day. However at about 11am I got a message from her. It was the standard small talk, not much really in depth. The topic soon moved over to wetting and I was telling her how much I had enjoyed a recent wet weekend. She told me she had enjoyed it too and looked forward to doing it again (definitely into wetting). I asked her if she needed to pee and she told me that unfortunately she had just been. I decided to set her another challenge and told her to drink water and hold during the day. She told me she would hold it until bed that night and let me know in the morning the results of her hold.

Now I thought there was no chance of her holding her pee for 12 hours, and I was 100% correct. At 7pm that night, as me and Amy began our nightly conversation she told me she had wet herself. Now, obviously I pushed for details. It turns out that she had dance that afternoon, and she had drank a lot of water as it was sweaty work. This had caused her need to pee to increase much quicker than she thought. Her college day had finished at 4pm and she had to walk home in the rain (it wasn't too far to walk, about 20 minutes) She told me that the cold and wetness of the rain had made her need to pee so much more.

She finally go home to find the house empty and very very cold (nobody had turned the heating on). Her need to pee was far to high and she decided that she would use the toilet and then fill up again for bedtime. She went into the bathroom (very desperate at that point) and attempted to remove her jeans. It turns out that the cold, mixed with the wetness of her legs had caused the jeans to tighten around her, making them very difficult to remove. She explained, being so close to the toilet and already tired from dancing her body just gave up and she started peeing. She told me she probably could have stopped it but she was to tired at that point and just wanted relief. Her jeans, already soaked at the front from the rain were now saturated in pee, and her knickers were a write off.

Amy sent me a few pictures of this accident, however, I deleted them once we broke up as I felt uncomfortable keeping them for a number of reasons. The wet patch on her legs was rather large, and focused entirely around the bum and down the back of her legs.

I apologize this story isn't as detailed as my others but I thought I would share it with you all.

*014*2015-05-08 00:48

{{:

From this point of view, I'm sorry to hear she's an ex...

Good stories. And I can imagine there are more of them!

}}

Trust me it's for the best. Sharing a fetish isn't everything and honestly I'm happier without her. Doesn't stop me enjoying the incidents from when we were together though

*017*2016-04-22 13:08

I have returned. I want to apologise for not writing any stories for close to a year. Life took over and I sort of just forgot to keep updating. To bring back a fun return I will write one of my favourite desperation moments with Amy. This moment is actually earlier than many of my other stories and does not include a full wetting. Although her nickers did get very wet.

In the summer before I moved to university I spent a lot of time with Amy. Amy was becoming more relaxed about wetting herself and we decided to play around with desperation (at this point it had mostly been simply wettings). My parent's went on holiday for a few weeks and I stayed behind to watch the house, sort my stuff out for my big move and to generally have fun. Amy stayed with me alot during these couple of weeks and one day I decided to give her a holding challenge. This was the first of many challenges I would give, it followed the same rules. I she held it I would pay for movie, food, drinks ect. If she lost it and wet she would pay. I had to be fair though, I wasn't allowed to change the rules as we went on such.

The challenge I gave Amy this day was simple. We were planning on drinking that night and as we woke up it was agreed that she would only be allowed to use the bathroom 4 times in 24 hours. Normally this challenge isn't too difficult but with the diaretic effect of alcohol (plus Amy's infamous weak bladder when drunk) I felt like this would be an easy win for me. She held for much of the day. I got her nice and squirmy on a few occasions as she tried to avoid using the bathroom for as long as possible.

The first major desperation was around... 3pm (my memory of this is very hazy, this was now 3 years ago). She had already peed once in the shower and I had told her that counted as her first pee so she was trying to hold for the rest of the day. She had made a mistake of having a big drink during lunch and now it had hit her. We were sat in the living room watch tv and Amy started to bounce her legs up and down rapidly.

"I need to pee" Amy said as I looed at her.

"Well go, you still have 3 bathroom breaks left."

"No, I'm waiting until tonight."

"Really think you can hold for 4 hours?"

"I'll try"

I got a little wink off Amy following that.

So the time went on. A few hours later she was in major desperation mood. Hand was firmly in her crotch and she looked like she was about to cry. She was stood in my bedroom while I sat on my couch (I had and still do have a couch in my bedroom, different bedroom now though)/ She was breathing deeply. Slight moans under her breath. After about ten minutes of this (might be longer, might be shorter, time does strange things when you are watching a girl dying for a wee) she pulled down her leggings and put her hand down her knickers (do not ask me why she pulled down her leggings, maybe to reduce damage if she leaked).

She had her eyes closed desperately and she was still as a rock. This was now... 5pm and I was already impressed by her holding. Suddenly, her eyes shot open and she ran out of the room. She had given up and decided to pee. She went in a locked the door so unfortunately I did not get to see her pee but I could hear it from my room (Bathroom was next door to my room). She came back into the room and I saw what had forced her to go pee. Her pale blue knickers had darkened around the crotch. Not a big leak, but still signifigant. She took her underwear off and threw them into the dirty washing, putting on a new pair and her light leggings.

So we started drinking, we played drinking games and had a good time. She used the toilet once more without even thinking about it, and then, following another minor desperation (hand in crotch, rocking back and forth but no leaking) she used it once more. It was getting to around, 12 am or 1 am. She still had about 8 hours left to go as she was quite tipsy (we never got really drunk just a bit merry). I was 50/50 on if she would make it. Eventually she told me she had to pee. Not badly but... she would go if she wasn't out of bathroom uses. It was on. 6 more hours she had to hold, and we had not got to bed yet. We tried to sleep, but eventually the bladder pressure became too much for her and she had to walk around the room. She had changed into light blue pj bottoms. These bottoms would actually see at least two full wettings but at this point they were a wetting virgin.

I was wide awake. Amy needed to piss and was now holding herself again. She kept walking around, maybe hoping that it would be more effective that standing still. Time seemed to go far to quickly for my liking. She had to hold until 9 am. It was now 7 am. I thought she would have wet long before this point. Maybe even wet the bed. But she was holding on. 7:30. I put on an episode of Doctor Who to distract us. Hopefully taking her concentration off her bladder would cause her to lose control. 8:00. The walking had stopped. She hand was in her PJ bottoms. Her eyes were open and unfocused. No rocking on her feet. No movements at all.

8:30.

"How do we know if I lose?"

"You lose control and wet yourself"

"Wha about leaks? and spurts?"

"They are fine as long as you regain control"

"Good because I am 80% sure I am peeing right now"

I looked and I could not see anything on her bottoms. I asked if I could take her bottoms down. She nodded quickly. I pulled her bottoms down quickly. Her hand was buried into her knickers. A small but growing wet spot was spreading. Her pale pink undies were darkening. I was sure I had won.

"I'm stopping, I have control"

Sure enough the wet patch stopped growing.

8.50

The leak had actually made it easer for Amy to control it. She was still bent over but her hand was now outside of her knickers, and very wet.

8.55

Amy looked at me with a slight smirk, she stood up and made her way to the bathroom

9.00

The minute the clock hit 9 Amy sat down on the toilet and pissed full force. Her wet knickers on the floor

The piss lasted about... 90 seconds. Not full force but from start to the final drop. The look of relief on Amy's face was perfect.

"You lose"

*021*2016-04-23 10:26

Another quick story to share with you all.

One weekend that me and Amy shared witth each other was a busy one. I had work to do for university and she had her own work to do. By the end of the Saturday we were both very very tired. Amy had drank around 4 cups of coffee that day. I was slightly a head on 5. We had both being peeing a lot during the day. We were lying in bed watching TV when I felt the need to go. It eventually got bad enough that I needed to go pee.

"Hurry up, I really need to go too"

I quickly went to the bathroom, and returned to my room. Amy was out cold. Fast asleep. I didn't want to wake her up, Amy was not someone to be around when she was in a bad mood and she did not deal with being tired very well. I got into bed and watched TV eventually falling asleep myself.

A few hours of much needed sleep later I was woken up my Amy moving around. She was sat at the end of the bed. Bouncing up and down.

"Sorry to wake you up. I'm just going to pee."

She had her hand in her crotch and she stood up quickly. Amy froze in place. I heard the powerful hiss. Amy was stood in place as her bladder gave up and she pissed herself full force. She was wearing the light blue PJ bottoms I mentioned in the last story. The wetness spread down both of her legs and pooled around her feet. Her bum and crotch were soaking wet. Her legs were completely saturated. She peed for around a minute.

We were both a little surprised at this. She took off her wet bottoms and grabbed a towel to wipe herself and clean up her puddle before climbing back into bed.

Once again this is a bit of a short story. I will admit to now be running out of stories for Amy. She wet herself for me a lot but the stories that are worth telling are running low. I may have one or two left. I also have two stories for my other ex, lets call her Jess. Both of these stories are full accidents as she did not hold and wet herself for me.

