Had a small wetting, told my wife

Author: Barry

*000*2015-08-18 22:38

I had an occasion to talk about wetting my pants with my wife last night, which is a big deal for me. My wife and I have a basically sexless marriage. She has a few health issues, and no sex drive at all. We did have sex once recently, but for the first time in nearly 2 years. We love each other, but there is not a lot of action though.

She knows I like female wetting and desperation, but doesn't know I like to wet myself, or that I like diapers. When we used to be more active, I would ask her about her wetting her pants, and if she had done so recently she would tell me about it as we fooled around, and a couple of times she would tell me that her panties were wet and leave them on for me as we started foreplay, but she would never deliberately wet in front of me, regardless of how much I begged. But as a middle aged woman who has given birth 5 times, she does have some minor leaks and small accidents sometimes, but she just doesn't tell me about them anymore. I quite often find a pair of pissy knickers under a towel on the bathroom floor or in the washing basket though.

Now one of my secret turn ons is wetting myself and talking about it, hence I guess why I like this site. I just love admitting what I've done and talking about my wet pants experience. But it's just something that she doesn't get, so I don't discuss it with her.

But I had a little accident the other day, and I told her about it last night and we had a laugh about it, while at the same time just uttering the magic words "I wet myself" was enough to really turn me on. It came about after we saw an add for prostate awareness on TV, and I was able to use that as a lever into the conversation.

But first, the accident itself. It wasn't huge, but it was accidental and unexpected.

I needed a pee when I left work, but decided to hold on for the 20 minute drive home. There's no big dramatic hold happening here, but I was quite badly needing a pee when I got home. After the usual small talk and greetings, I headed to the bedroom too change. I removed my shoes, shirt and pants, leaving me dressed only in a pair of white ankle high sports socks and a pair of light grey brief style underpants. Before getting fully changed, I went into the ensuite to relieve my bursting bladder, which I did. At no stage did I consider a wetting or anything. I had just got home and needed to pee, so I did.

I seemed to be holding a lot, and reckon I peed a good stream for over 40 seconds, emptying my full bladder with much relief. As I finished peeing, I started to feel a bit of gas building up. I think most men are familiar with the feeling of having to fart occasionally when they are having a pee, at least by what I hear in public rest rooms sometimes. But while I felt the gas there, none came out.

After I had finished, I stepped into the bathroom to wash my hands. As I was washing them under the hot water, the urge to fart struck again. I could tell it was a "safe" one, and I was in no danger of an accidental messing, so I bent over and pushed it out as I washed my hands.

But as I pushed it out, my bladder suddenly found a secret reserve, and a large gush of urine suddenly exploded out of me as I stood there hunched over. I couldn't grab myself with my hands, as they were under the running water. I stood up quickly, but continued to pee in my underwear for maybe 3-4 seconds before I stopped. It doesn't sound like a lot, but by the time I had stopped my grey underpants were soaked to the elastic waistband in the front, and there was a small puddle on the tiled floor.

I was in shock. I had just fully emptied my bladder only 20 seconds ago, and hadn't had any idea at all that I had any pee left in me at all, let alone that much. When I went back into the bedroom and stood in front of the mirror, I was instantly aroused by not only my wet knickers, but by the fact that I was also dressed like "little me" likes to dress, but also with the knowledge that I had just experienced a genuine accidental wetting mishap. A bit scary, but very hot for me as well though.

So we're watching TV last night and the prostate add comes on. It was the perfect Segway into mentioning to her that I had recently wet my pants a bit. She laughed at my story, then said "Welcome to my world. That's what happens to me every time I sneeze or cough lately!"

So not only did I have a real accident, I got to admit to wetting my pants in the course of the conversation, and have my wife admit her wet pants as well.

All in all a good conversation!

