Experience at Work

Author: plorenz3

*000*2011-06-08 18:37

Ok, this happened to me last week.

I work in a pharmacy and on this morning we had a floater pharmacist substituting for our normal staff pharmacist on vacation. I meet her at 8:30am as we got the till for the register and the key for the pharmacy. Her name was Jennifer, a woman in her late 20's/early 30's. She was an attractive Asian woman, perhaps Japanese? Long dark hair and about 5' 4" tall.

Anyways, we get the stuff and start setting up the pharmacy before we opened at 9am. One of the first things she asked me upon entering the pharmacy was "do you have a restroom back here?" We have a restroom in the pharmacy and I told her yes and pointed to it. She was like "oh ok great." But rather than use it, she just went back to getting set up for opening. I figured she must have had to pee, but it wasn't too bad yet and since we had a bathroom in the pharmacy she didn't need to go before opening when she might not get a chance to leave.

Regardless, I knew she had to pee and kept an eye on her as the day went on. Around 10am I noticed her leg shaking off and on. Never for more than a few seconds at first. But bu 11am she was shaking for 5-10 second intervals and she started crossing her legs as well. It was getting busier, and another tech was coming in at noon, so the two of us kept working.

The next tech came in at noon but it took us until 12:30 to get caught up with work. Once we were caught up, Jennifer tells me "I'm going to eat my salad real quick." and gets up. I figured she would probably pee first, but instead she went to get her salad and eat it in the side room. Then I figured she would go pee after finishing it, but instead she came back and started working again. It wasn't too busy, so she could have went pee at this time. Instead she went back to shaking her legs and crossing them. :) Needless to say I was quite happy with her resilience.

Anyways I had to go myself, and not just a quick #1, so I figured I would just wait for her to go pee after her salad. But when she didn't go I went ahead and went to the bathroom myself. I came out 5 minutes later and went back to work. Jennifer was standing at her computer. A few seconds later I look at her and she was hopping up and down, then she started running in place, her pee dance subtle yet obvious to a trained observer such as myself. I think she caught me looking a few times.

After two minutes, (all the air-out time for the bathroom she could manage I'm assuming), she rushed back and used it. Soon after she went in there I pretended to search for a drug on the back wall, next to the bathroom. I quietly passed the bathroom door, and was rewarded with the sound to a strong and forceful hiss as her stream hit the water in the bowl. It sounded like a garden hose of full blast being shot into a pool :)

When she came out she was obviously more relaxed. We exchanged glances a few times and she seemed in good spirits, perhaps even humored by my interest in her. Perhaps that's just wishful thinking on my part though lol. I wish I could have asked her about how much better she felt, and she if she enjoyed the holding too, but I guess I have to be professional at work :(

*002*2011-06-09 05:10

{{ 

I'd feel lucky to have this happen to me !

I've never had an omorashi experience in my life! Well, there was one in kindergarden but it's blurry (the memory) with no desperation sooooo yours beats me out by a longshot

}}

Don't worry, I'm sure there is a desperate lady just around the corner for you too. Just keep both eyes open and you're bound to see one soon. Sometimes you can tell just by the way they walk.

