Only accident ever

Author: twisty125

*000*2012-11-28 02:42

Unfortunately I've only ever had once accident, and I've never seen anyone pee themselves, so my life is really boring =( I thought I'd share to contribute to this awesome site though!

(There's a bit of talk about poop, no messing but it caused the wetting accident)

This was a few years ago, I was much younger than I am now. It was after school and I was waiting for my friend by the football field. I have never used a school bathroom, so by the end of the day, I always had a twinge in my bladder. It never was an issue, so I didn't really care most of the time. He was on the football field practicing because he was more of a jock type, and.. I'm not. At all.

We had plans to go to his place to hang out for a bit, but I actually go really bored waiting for him (it was like an hour and I guess I got bored easily back then.) The funny thing was, I didn't have any sort of pain or feeling of being full until I started to leave (Yes, I left him at practice because I am an awful friend =P). I lived very close to the school, a 10 minute walk, down a path and over a bridge and I was home. At about the bridge, on the uphill, I started to actually get pretty desperate. But because I'm a guy, I didn't show it, it was just sort of painful.

At this point, I also had to poop, but don't worry, no messing happens, it just has an important detail later on. So I end up getting back to my house, and as we had just moved, I was still sort of getting used to the layout, and I didn't know which bathroom to go to first, downstairs or up. I ended up deciding to go upstairs but as I was going up the first few steps, my bowels shifted and I thought I was going to mess myself right there (I didn't), so I hopped down and rushed to the downstairs bathroom. Because usually when you poop you also pee, I guess my bladder had given up and while I was trying to get my belt off, I just started peeing and I couldn't do anything. So I just stood there, sort of in awe because I always wanted it to happen. I was peeing my pants. It was awesome because it was an actual accident that I didn't plan on, nature took it's course.

Unfortunately, I don't remember what happened next. I think I was embarrassed, but I honestly can't remember much after that. It was such an amazing feeling, I wish I could do it again.

So there's my true story, sorry it's not that great, I just wanted to give SOMETHING back!

