Our Eventful Day Out :D

Author: colbysaur

*000*2014-03-12 03:16

(This is probably one of the very rare experiences that didn't include me as a victim! Aw yiss! :D)

My friend Matt is the extremely shy type and never asks for anything unless he absolutely needs it. Over the years, I've come to realize he has a tiny bladder, but he will put off asking for the restroom until it's almost the last minute. My other friend Darren liked to use that to his advantage due to the fact that he's a total douche canoe.

So last weekend the three of us decided to go to the mall. I wanted to buy new clothes, Darren claimed he was "gettin' some digits", and Matt just agreed because he didn't want to be left alone. I knew that the mall only had one restroom so I used the bathroom before leaving. Both Darren and Matt drank a can of monster prior to leaving, and we all went on our way.

We spent two hours there going through different stores and buying clothes and video games. Matt was looking visibly uncomfortable, however, every time I asked him about it, he'd claim that he was perfectly fine.

After going through a couple more stores and kiosks, we decided to get some food. We got ourselves a load of fast food from McDonald's, Darren buying large sodas for all of us.

"I think I'll pass on the soda," Matt said quietly.

"More for me then!" Darren exclaimed, taking the soda for himself. We spent a couple more minutes there, Matt and I talking while Darren hopelessly flirting with a stranger.

We went to a couple more stores, where Matt was squeezing his legs together every so often, resuming normal position when someone noticed.

"You okay?" I asked for the fiftieth time today.

"Yeah," he replied, "I just kind of have to pee."

"I think there's a bathroom nearby," I said.

"Nope," Darren interjected, "It's closed today. Some idiot father and his spoiled brat caused a flood."

"Is there any other bathrooms here?" he asked.

"Nope. You think for a large place like this that they'd have more than one restroom. Sorry about that buddy."

"It's okay. I can hold it."

We went into another store and then decided it was time to leave. We all piled into the car, Darren starting it up and driving out of the parking lot. Matt tensed up next to me as soon as we hit a speed bump, him pressing his legs together as he rubbed his palm against his thigh.

On the way home, Darren decided to take the long way home, claiming the regular route had a traffic jam. However, he knew that this route would take twice as long to get home. He was just messing with the poor kid beside me by then.

Matt groaned as he leaned forward in his seat.

"I'm about to fucking piss myself," he said, beet red as he grabbed his junk. Darren was snickering as he made a sharp turn.

Matt looked less tense as we realized we'd be home in only five minutes. Darren parked the car and Matt literally bolted out of the car seat and ran in through the door (which we apparently forgotten to lock prior to leaving). He ran into the bathroom and slammed the door behind him.

Only a few minutes later he yelled "Dammit dammit dammit!"

Turned out that he couldn't pull off his belt in time and pissed all over the bathroom floor. Instead of Darren usually laughing his butt off, he offered to clean up the mess while Matt get some clean clothes.

(A day later Darren asked out Matt and it was the sweetest unromantic thing I've witnessed in my life. It was basically a "I'm sorry for making you piss yourself yesterday but will you be my boyfriend?" and he frickin said yes and was so happy :D)

