My own experience

Author: secretomorashifan

*000*2011-04-30 16:21

Well I have had quite a few wetting experiences that have taken place at home . I have never gotten the courage to wet anywhere else.

Yesterday while I was reading forums on this site i drank lots of water and had a hold it contest with myself. I used empty Faygo bottles and filled them with water. I drank 3 1/2 of them. the first and second right behind one another and the 3rd about 30 mins later. about 45 mins after a consumed the 1st bottle the urge to pee came full force. so to get my mind off of it I decided to go outside and smoke, im not even a smoker, it was just something to keep my mind off of my screaming bladder.

Unfortunately that didnt happen and it didnt help, infact it intensified my urge. so i tried to gain control and squeezed crotch and then walked into the house and came and sat back at the computer. I then started in on my 4th bottle of water.

1/3 of the way through my friend called and another killer wave came over me and I was in extreme pain. but I was determined to finish the 4 th bottle before I went to pee. by this time I was leaking so I would rock back and forth to try not to let it all loose. I only made it half of the way through the water bottle when I put my friend on hold and ran bent over to the closet to get a large towel and threw it on the floor in front on a mirror dropped down to my knees and peed. it just rushed out of me. The towel was soaking wet and there was a very large puddle around me.

I plan on doing this today but I only have a few hours since my mom is coming home at noon. Any suggestions? B)

*001*2011-04-30 16:29

Anyone out here? Im going to have to start drinking soon. I dont want to do it alone

*003*2011-04-30 17:02

Thanks! Do you have any suggestions?

*006*2011-05-05 23:23

{{ 

Hope you had fun this afternoon! I guess I missed it, but one thing that I've started doing recently when I have a bit more time is to drink a lot of water over a period of a few hours, going when I need to, until I decide to hold it until I lose it. If you drink a lot of water and keep drinking, your bladder will re-fill very quickly, which means that you will go from empty to bursting to pee in very little time.

Not so good for a holding contest, but still fun!

}}

I tried this too. it definitely had me desperate quickly. but i dont feel as if I got a full as i normally get when i just drink alot and hold it all...maybe this was because my bladder was trying to void every little drop that was put in so I became wayyyy to desperate too fast for a really large wetting. my bladder contracts and I started wetting less than 10 mins after I started to hold. It was a decent amount but I really like my wettings to be huge. Im not sure why. I guess its just my personal preference.

