Wetting on a college visit

Author: sj420

*000*2015-05-31 14:25

When I was visiting colleges with my parents, one of the schools (the one I ended up attending) was an eight-hour drive from home. I "forgot" to pack a change of pants or underwear in my bag for the weekend and quickly drank two full bottles of water before we even left home on that Friday.

The jeans I wore were black, so they wouldn't show too badly if I had an accident, but I had nothing else to wear until we got home Sunday. That included a group tour of the campus and my interview for admissions.

I was fidgeting in the back seat of the car before we even made it an hour into the trip. I continued to drink soda though, and I finished two large bottles of Dr Pepper by the second hour of the drive.

By that point my bladder was starting to seriously hurt and I asked my parents to pull over the next chance they had. I had my legs tightly crossed and I couldn't sit still. We were on a stretch of open highway, so I knew we wouldn't reach a rest stop for several miles even though I had finally asked.

I feared I might piss my pants in the backseat of the car, but I managed to hold on another 10 minutes or so until we reached a rest stop. I hobbled out of the car and made it inside to a bathroom stall, but the sight of the toilet was too much for my aching bladder and I began peeing uncontrollably before I even closed the stall door.

I stood there helplessly as my jeans hissed and warm piss flowed freely down both of my legs. My sneakers began to fill with pee as a puddle formed around my shoes. I didn't even bother to try to clean myself up. I just power walked back to the car with pee sloshing around in my shoes and my only pair of jeans absolutely drenched.

It was winter, so my coat came down to ass level and obscured some of the view of my pants, but steam rose from them as I walked through the freezing air outside. I was shivering by the time I reached the car.

My parents were inside the rest stop buying snacks and drinks from the vending machine, so I was able to sit down in the backseat with my coat wrapped around my waist before they returned. They didn't notice the state of my pants and we continued with our drive.

My jeans took FOREVER to dry sitting on top of a weather-proof coat like that. My socks were in even worse shape since I still had a pool of urine in both shoes.

When we finally stopped again to eat at a restaurant two or three hours later, my jeans were still soaking wet and my shoes were really squishy.

By the time we reached our hotel five hours later, my pants had finally reached the point where they were only damp. I had to pee really badly again by that point, but I knew my parents had gotten me my own separate room, so I didn't say anything.

As they said good night to me in the hallway outside my room, I was struggling not to pee-dance. When I finally got inside and closed the door to the room, I just leaned against the wall and let go again.

My jeans, which had been cold and clammy for many hours since my accident at the rest stop, once again erupted with wonderful warmth of my own piss. It ran down my legs and into my shoes for the second time that day.

I stayed up really late that night trying to rinse the smell out my jeans in the shower and trying to dry them with the blow drier provided by the hotel.

The rinsing was somewhat effective, but the drying was not at all. I also forgot to do anything about the insoles of my sneakers, which had spent the whole day marinading in my urine and were newly soaked thanks to my fun in the hotel room.

When morning finally came, I was left with a pair of really wet black jeans that still smelled faintly of pee and a pair of sneakers with saturated insoles that absolutely reeked of it.

The net effect is that I had to spend the morning in wet jeans and squelchy shoes while smelling of urine. I might as well have just peed myself that morning.

The first activity that morning was the tour of the campus, which was less than ideal for me under the circumstances. It was sunny and warmer that the previous day, but still cold enough stand standing outside in wet pants and socks was uncomfortable. Plus, my shoes squished obnoxiously with every step I took.

We weren't two minutes into our tour when I heard one of the girls with our group whisper "I think he pissed his pants" to her friend when they were standing behind me. They both started laughing. Neither of them could keep a straight face whenever they looked in my direction for the rest of the hour-long tour.

Those two were the only ones who said anything, but I often wonder how many others on the tour noticed. They definitely made me self-conscious about how noticeable my situation was.

Luckily, I had a couple of additional hours to air dry before my admissions interview, otherwise they might not have let me in.

