Desperate Debbie And The Long Day In Massachusetts

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-07-31 16:13

Deb and her sister set out early in the morning to drop off their grandmother to visit affluent relatives in Massachusetts, about a 5 hour ride away. She had her morning pee, dressed, ate breakfast and they were off around 7am. They arrived at the relative’s house around noon. After hello’s it was time for lunch. Deb of course needed to pee by then, so when she washed up before lunch she tried to pee, but even though she was quite full she could not go. She told me she was nervous because these people lived in such a fancy house. Lunch included a nice tall glass of either ice tea or lemonade

Since she was becoming very uncomfortable, could not sit still, and certainly did not want to have an accident there, she tried going a couple of times but only produced a few dribbles.

By 3PM it was time to head back home, another 5 hour drive. Because of this Debbie spent some time in the bathroom trying to pee, but despite being painfully full she could not go.

Deb’s sister was driving, and with Debbie’s practice at holding her pee often she was able to conceal her desperation by tightly crossing her legs. At some point sis wanted to take a picture by a large body of water. I cherished that pix, because Deb told me how badly she needed to pee in it. However a couple of hours later ,that was no longer enough and not wanting to ask her sister to stop, she quietly snuck her hand between her legs. .

By 6PM she was becoming worried that she might wet her pants. She was noticeably squirming in addition to having her hand tightly holding her pussy. Her sister noticed, and asked what was wrong. Deb replied that she had to pee real badly, because she could not go at her aunt’s house, so she had not peed since 7AM. Sis asked if she should stop (which she Deb knew she did not like to do) so Deb told her no she thought could hold it.

Amazingly another hour past, and although she was still dry, Deb did not know for how long. She had lifted herself up in the seat to get more of her hand between her legs, to squeeze tighter on her pee hole. She was constantly squirming her legs back and forth, in sort of a sitting pee-pee dance. Occasionally, when she had a strong urge that she was about to pee she would leave them tightly squeezed together. Sis noticed this and asked if she was ok. Deb replied, I don’t know, I feel like I am about to pee my pants. Sis said if she saw a place she could stop, but wanted to know if she could make it near home. Like I said sis did not like to stop, even though Deb was telling her pee felt like it was going to come out, and that she had been holding it a long time, she asked if she could wait a bit longer. They were going to stop at a local burger joint for dinner, another half hour to forty five minutes away. Deb said I guess so.

She continued to become more franticly desperate. Everything down there hurt; she and unbuttoned her pants to relieve pressure on her seriously overfull distended, bladder. She said her pee hole hurt so bad it felt like it was on fire. He pee was pressing against it so hard the pressure was unbearable, kind of like pressing your fingers against a hose with the water on. She continued doing all she could use her legs, hand, and tired sphincter to try to keep from wetting her pants in her sister’s car. That her sister would be upset if she, did gave Deb the added incentive needed to try to hold on, but she said she felt like she was going to burst any second, she really had no idea how much longer she could stay dry. Finally they arrived at the burger joint, with its old school design with the restrooms on the outside of the building, which were often locked. 

She asked her sister to check to see if they were open, because as soon as she stood up she was probably going to start peeing. The door was open and Deb quickly exited the car, bent sharply forward at the waist, and both hands holding her crotch as tightly as possible. But 13 hours without peeing and hours of desperation in the car she was afraid to wet in, was a bit too much. As she approached the restroom door, her bladder started to give way, and although not fully wetting she lost several very long spurts of pee in her pants, before getting to the toilet. Her panties were soaked, but her dark blue pants although wet in the crotch and partway down her leg did not show too much. Nevertheless, she asked her sister to go in and get their food so she did not have to go inside with partly wet pants.

This story occurred over 40 years ago. I still remember the details vividly, because for years she would tell me this or one of the other pee stories I have posted while rubbing me off to an orgasm. That is why even after all these years I am sitting here in my briefs with a hard on retelling this story. These are the same briefs I was wearing in my Live Action post, and since they were not that wet to begin with they are almost dry.

With that I think I have told all of Debbie’ s stories that used to get me excited , that I can remember anyway. But if I think of another I will post it here. But for now I can’t keep my hand off myself for another reason.

