Finally did it! (video and after pictures included)

Author: Shady

*000*2013-06-16 00:08

Hey everyone! I finally did a wetting; I wasn't really sure if I'd like it or not, but it was actually pretty fun. I had been holding almost all day (bulge from just minutes before I started the video can be seen at

$/12909-the-bulge-diary/page-10#entry581160

I knew I'd have the house to myself for a little while and decided that that would be the perfect time to do it. I switched to a pair of jeans that I don't really care about (they are kinda faded on the rear end, so I would never really wear them in public anyways, plus they are a lighter color, making the pee easier to see) and a pair of red boxers that I also don't care about (mostly because they are kinda ripped).

Anyways, after changing my pants and underwear, I took the bulge picture then went to the bathroom and made sure that the camera had a good view point of where I'd stand in the shower from just sitting on the edge of the counter, which it did. I then let the urine get a tad closer to escaping so the video would not have to be too long. During the video, I decided to have some fun and do a little potty dance and also pressed on my bladder to get it to go faster. I also put "omorashi.org" on the video, so people would not post it on other sites (and if they do, it will at least give us a little more traffic, hopefully not just more lurkers).

Shady_Wetting.wmv

I also took a couple pictures of my wet jeans wet boxers after taking the video.

I hope you all enjoy, and I'm glad that I could finally contribute something this great and original.

*002*2013-06-17 18:02

{{ 

Awesome video, Shady! This really should be seen a lot more than it has. :3

}}

Thanks. I think the only that could have made it better would be if I had soaked both legs, but, being the kind of guy I am, it wouldn't really be easy to do that. I'd have to go on one side or the other.

*004*2013-06-17 18:15

{{ 

Yeah, I know that feeling xD Especially with boxer though, they don't really have the ability to hold it up to get a better wet like briefs or something would.

}}

I've been using boxers for so long now, though. I know I still have some old briefs in the drawer, but they're probably all too small.

*007*2013-06-21 01:03

{{ 

Goddamn shade, i just watched your video... it's hot as hell!

And i must say, you have an absoutely spectacular body!

I love it immensely, and i'd LOVE to see more from you!

}}

Thanks, Kay. I don't know how often I'll get chances to do wetting, but it really was kinda fun. I'll probably go back to just holding for a while, though, and I'll be trying to get bulge pictures of any good ones.

*009*2013-06-21 12:43

{{ 

This is brilliant, thanks for all the hard work, the video is great as are the photos and description! A+!

}}

Thanks! That really means a lot coming from the omo.org Queen. :p

