Pee dance sighting!

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-05-30 01:51

Hey! I have a great sighting for you! I attended a reception at our local art center tonight. After viewing the artwork and helping myself to the refreshments, I sat on a bench that was sitting in the middle of the gallery. I happen to know the woman who is very involved in the art center's activities. She was standing nearby at the refreshment table, when a friend of hers walked in. I have never seen this woman before - she was average height, slender, with bright red hair that was cut in a short pixie-style cut. She was wearing a short red dress that came down near her knees or so.

The thing that quickly caught my attention, though, was the fact that she could not stand still for more than a few seconds. She was constantly shifting position - crossing her legs tightly, uncrossing them, lifting one leg up to press her thigh against her pussy, then repeating the maneuver with the other leg, and constant shifting around on her crossed legs. All the while her hard soled open dress shoes (not really heels on them) were clicking on the floor. Now this was not the frantic about to burst pee dance, but more of the slower really need to pee/feeling my full bladder but trying not to show it type of pee dance. This went on for a half-hour, with me having a harder and harder time keeping my composure.

I heard the woman I know ask this woman "need to piss?" real quietly under her breath. To which the pee dancing woman apparently answered in the affirmative with a little laugh. Unfortunately, my friend, another friend of hers, and the pee dancing woman all left soon after and up a flight of stairs to a little office that overlooks the gallery. As they left, I heard my friend tell her boyfriend, who left with them, "She's going to piss." After a short time, I moved to another spot, ostensibly to get a better view of the modern dancers who were performing, but really I wanted to try to get the office in view. (There are windows in the front of the office overlooking the gallery.)

I couldn't really see anything and, although I could hear them talking and laughing, I really could not discern anything over than one utterance of the word "piss". Unfortunately, I had to leave shortly thereafter to catch my bus home, and do know what happened later. I am pretty certain she did not use the toilet before they went up to the office. The story of my life (groan!) - I always see or hear women who are desperate to pee, but I have NEVER, EVER gotten to see them lose control and wet themselves in front of me. Nothing turns me on more than the kind of pee dance this woman was doing. It makes so frustrated - I have never had a girlfriend, period, let alone one that would get desperate, do the pee dance, lose control and wet herself for me. What makes it worse, is that I happen to know that a lot of women here in my hometown are into this sort of thing, but it is next to impossible to meet a single woman here.

Hope you people enjoyed this sighting report,

Bye for now,

Peedancefan

