Asexual Omorashi Experience

Author: exu

*000*2014-01-26 06:01

Hello. I am a new member of this site. I've been lurking since November reading about the various techniques and experiences of my fellow omorashi fans. :D I've decided to post the omorashi experience I had today because it was very enjoyable.

NOTE: As the title suggests, I'm asexual and I'm not into sexual/foreplay stuff. While I can't tell you what to do (hey, this is your site and it's a free country), I would prefer that any responses to me and my experience not be "sexual" in nature. (i.e. I would prefer "I enjoyed the story" or "The story was boring" or "Have you ever tried wetting in a skirt?" to "That made me horny.") I don't and can't respond to sexual comments like a person who isn't asexual, so it's a waste of time and energy. Thanks in advance.

On to my story:

Today, I decided to try the "rapid desperation" technique described by member Infernal on this page: $/755-an-experiment-in-rapid-desperation/

Between approx. 4:30 PM and 7:15 PM, I drank about 1200 ml of Dasani water and 500 ml of Arizona Green Tea (the kind in the large green can that contains ginseng and honey). I also ate a granola bar and a cheese stick so that I wasn't starving and didn't get too hydrated.

The "filling up" stage was kind of annoying because my body decided that it was "bowel movement day," so I kept having to poop after drinking a significant amount of liquid. Because of the pooping, I had to push back my initial hold and wet times.

Nonetheless, I felt myself getting more and more warm and hydrated and I felt a surprisingly strong need to pee occasionally. I made sure to pee each time I felt the urge because this site has taught me that peeing constantly weakens the bladder muscles. Oh how right that advice was....

7:00 PM was my new "hold" time and 8:00 PM was my new "wet" time, but I didn't feel like I had to pee that much. I felt like things were moving too slow. I drank my final liquids (approx. 250 ml of the green tea) until 7:15 PM and decided to just surf on the internet in my bedroom (my designated wetting location), hoping that I would get more desperate by 8:00 PM.

At 7:30 PM, my bladder finally said "I think I need to pee now." Not five minutes later I realized that it would be a really good idea to get my wetting material prepared. So, I put my brand new underpad (http://www.walmart.com/ip/Inspire-Washable-and-Reuseable-Absorbent-Underpad-30-X34/14964882

) on my bed, changed into my tan Arizona brand Junior-size jeans (keeping my original green panties on because I love wetting in panties), and sat on the Inspire pad.

By 7:43 PM, my bladder was almost "sneaky." Like, I felt like I needed to pee and my bladder was clearly full but it wasn't hurting like it does when I drink too much water too fast. My bladder asked me to pee and I peed a little, no problem. An almost invisible dime-sized pee spot appeared between my legs.

By 7:52 PM, my bladder was a LOT more...forceful...and it told me to pee. I decided to rest on my side and pee a little like I was peeing the bed. Well, I peed but it took my body a LOT longer to stop. I didn't even realize I was still peeing until a few seconds later. This has NEVER happened before. Thin strings of pee spread out around my right butt cheek to the point where it would be obvious that I had peed a little if I wore the pants in public and someone was looking at my butt.

So, I had originally planned to wet myself like I was peeing the bed, but I decided to do my typical wetting while standing up to see how my bladder would react to unobstructed gravity. By 7:56 PM, I was standing on my underpad wearing my tan jeans, listening to the instrumental of Drake's "Hold on, We're Going Home" (heh heh), and waiting for the clock to strike 8:00 PM. At one point, I had thought about waiting until 8:30 PM to wet, but at this point my bladder was like, "It would be a good idea to pee at 8:00 PM." (Kind of like a mafioso. LOL.) I also had to poop a little bit so I decided that it was a good time to pee and then poop afterwards.

Unlike other holds, I still wasn't super jittery and in pain because I needed to pee so bad. I just felt like I was full and needed emptying.

Often when I wet, I'll let some pee go and then stop, let some go and then stop all while looking down as the pee fills my clothes. (it's especially easy when I am desperate but need to poop like I did for this wetting) That was my original plan for this wetting. That plan did NOT happen.

When it was 8:00 PM, I decided to start peeing...and I literally couldn't stop. It was like my bladder muscles were broken. I felt like I was peeing WAY more than I usually do. Like, someone was pouring a large bucket of warm water down my pants. The light-weight-feeling pee gushed out and I quickly drenched my pants. (The lower crotch and inner/mid parts of my pants legs were soaked) All I could do was just stand there helplessly and look down as waves and waves of pee flowed down my pants, covered my feet, and lightly splattered the underpad. A puddle the width of my hips formed.

I was finally able to stop peeing after about 8 seconds but by then my pants were destroyed. Like, if I had tried this little stunt in public, it would have been blatantly obvious that I was wetting my pants.

However, a few seconds after I stopped peeing, my bladder spasmed. I tried to clench my bladder muscles down again, but that had the opposite effect and I peed uncontrollably for a few more seconds and then stopped. A second spasm occurred and the same thing happened. Only after the third spasm was I able to clench down and stop peeing.

I consciously let the rest of the pee out and it was not only easy (often, I have to strain a lot near the end to get the pee out) but it was a lot of pee. Felt like it was never going to end. It felt like I was literally peeing more than I took in. Finally, I was done. I looked at the damage again and saw that the bottom half of my jeans were completely damp, just soaked. Only the very top of my jeans were free of pee. I looked at my butt and the back of my legs. It was less drenched than the front but it was clear that I had pissed a lot. The pee puddle looked pretty wide and deep but thanks to the underpad, none of it went through onto the carpet.

I decided to just bask in the glory of the wetting (heh heh) and re-pee my pants for 30 minutes. My bladder filled up a lot faster than it usually does when I re-pee my pants immediately after the wetting.

At 8:30 PM, I peeled off my panties and jeans, rolled them in my underpad, put everything in the washing machine, and went to poop afterwards.

I had to pee a few times afterwards, but it wasn't anything like the holding.

This was literally the BEST omorashi experience I've ever had. When I usually wet myself, I have a few, quick uncontrolled spurts but I'm mainly pretending to pee uncontrollably. This time, I lost control for real and I didn't even realize that I had to pee that badly or that much! I've always been curious about what it's like to lose control peeing yourself and now I know (to some degree).

In short, I would HIGHLY recommend the "rapid desperation" technique along with at least 16 ounces/500 ml of green tea (I'm female by birth, close to 5'3'', weigh about 99 lbs, am very "small-framed," and that was enough to do the trick in a BIG way). I also recommend the underpad. After washing it, I let it air dry and it does not smell like pee. This was definitely worth the time and money spent and I plan to do it again when I have the time and energy. I hope to one day be able to completely wet uncontrollably.

Just a bit of warning: Afterwards, I was a little bit dizzy (not terribly so) and my nose/mouth was dry. I think one of the main reasons I felt this way was because I didn't get enough sleep the nights before (work has been kind of...eh), it's cold around here, and I didn't eat very much, but I'm sure I'm a little overhydrated as well. Make sure to get enough sleep. I also recommend eating salty foods before and after the wetting so you're not TOO hydrated. Also I would highly recommend NOT going over 500 - 1000 ml of any liquids per hour (ESPECIALLY water) because the kidneys can only filter that much per hour. If you have to start early to get desperate, please do so. You may need as little as 1,000 ml of water and eventually you'll start feeling desperate within a few minutes or hours. (My magic number seems to be around 1,200 ml.)

Thanks for reading.

*003*2014-01-27 00:57

@jackthestripper, yeah, poop getting in the way is so lame. The rapid desperation technique mostly overrode it, though. :P

Thanks for the compliment about my writing skills. ^_^

Ben Jones, I'm glad that you found my experience interesting and were amused by those particular parts. ^_^

*005*2014-01-29 09:31

@sa-chan, you're welcome. :D Yay, another asexual! Nice to see you, too. XD

