Reading at the library

Author: OddOwl

*000*2013-12-04 14:47

Hey guys,

I’d like to share my day at the library with you.

So I had to read some lengthy articles for my studies and as it is not easy for me to concentrate at home, I decided to go to the library. Before I left, I ate breakfast and had my usual big cup of coffee. I took a cup of tea with me to keep me awake while studying.

At the library I was going quite strong for a couple of hours, sipping my tea and reading. However, at some point I really had to pee. I went around the library searching for a toilet but when I finally found it, there was a sign on the door saying that the toilet has been closed due to misuse.

I got back to the table and decided I can wait for another hour. I wanted to finish reading the articles before going home. For some time it was ok, but I really started shifting in my place and changing the position. The urge to pee was really hitting me now.

Suddenly I could feel my knickers get slightly damp. I got really nervous, but as I had only three pages left to read I decided to finish it. I started to have major problems in concentrating on reading now, though. I could read maybe one more page after I felt that I spurted a little in my pants.

I rushed through the last pages and started packing my stuff. While doing this I could feel that I peed just a little bit again. I had a long shirt with me, but unfortunately it didn’t cover my ass much. I was wearing a tight pair of light blue jeans and I was worried that if you looked sharply, you could see that they were slightly darker between my legs. When I got up, I saw that I left a small dark spot on the chair I was sitting on.

I left the library and started walking home quite slowly because I was worried to leak again. Thankfully it is not a long way. I felt really weird walking with damp underwear and I was happy I didn’t meet anyone on the street. When I got to our yard, the urge hit me again and I spurted for a few seconds. Hoping that none of the neighbours saw me, I rushed towards our door.

However, the lock on our door was frozen and I was struggling to open it. I was really starting to panic when I finally managed to get the door open. I rushed towards the toilet, which is upstairs. I started leaking while walking the stairs even though I was pressing myself with my hands.

I opened the toilet door and started peeing myself with full force at the same time. I could feel the hotness running down my tights and in to my shoes. I quickly sat on the toilet to finish with my jeans still on. It felt so good to pee. After I had finished, my heart was racing like crazy and I felt my face blushing when I looked at the damage I had done.

*005*2013-12-11 21:13

Thank you for the feedback, everyone. :) I have had a couple of other accidents I might share later on.

