Naughty Rachel Wetting [Video + Pictures]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2012-09-19 13:14

So hello everyone, I know in my teasing post I promised to tell you about last Friday when I wet three pairs of trousers and a Goodnite (Rachel’s really naughty day) but I want to make it good so instead I’m going to post a shot video I made today.

The back ground, our building has like a charity donation box in it and I was rummaging around in there and found these trousers. They are a little tight on me and also the button are is torn, which is why I decided to show you my bum. They are light gray jeans with cute little patterns on the back pockets. Anyhow I wet these on Friday as well but they got put in the wash, mostly because I loved the way they made my bum look, so they got a second go (hence the name of the film), they are now in the trash as well you’ll see why.

So I won’t be able to get away with this for too much longer. Most of the students here are away for the summer but they are starting to filter back in, so Friday’s little video shoot in the shower room will likely cause some grief to my building mates. But today it’s pretty quiet and I was feeling a little naughty. So this morning I drank a big mug of tea (Early Gray) and went off into town to do some shopping. I brought a water bottle along cause its been getting decently hot and I also wanted to fill up so to speak.

I didn’t wear the jeans out because of the broken button but I did put on my special panties. No for those of you who know me, you will know I like diapers, pull-ups, wetting all sorts of stuff. You will also know that I used to suffer from mild mixed UI when I was younger (3 years this month since thinks got sorted in this department). But this means that I do still have many things still around my place. Including my special ‘safety panties’ Now as I said I’ve had these for a few years so I couldn’t find the exact online link but this is what boots is currently selling:

%http://www.boots.com/en/Stride-Everyday-Washable-panties-with-light-leak-protection-full-cotton-brief-nude-M_1190272/

But mine are white with lace panels over the hips. Yes not exactly your sexy panty but they have a plastic panel in the gusset, which has comfy mesh over top. This is designed to have an absorbent pad inserted between the mesh and the plastic. The plastic acts as a backup for any accidental leaks. They are not the kind of thing you would wear on your period because the mesh would stain, though you would put the pad on top of the mesh. This is what I ended up doing, I’m trying out a new pad, it’s a mystery pad from under my sink. Actually its not a pad designed for wetting at all, rather it’s a Lilets night time pad.

%http://www.supergorgeous.co.uk/2011/10/luxurious-lil-lets.html

(Scroll down here)

As it is rather narrow pad and one of the ones you have to use the wings on I put it on top of the mesh, rather than trying to shove it in the slot and get the sticky wings all messed up. As you can see by the pictures below, the safety panties have a much wider gusset than normal panties so the wings didn’t go all the way around. On an aside Lilets are far to posh and over packaged but they send free samples so hey!

Anyhow. I put on a long dress, blue tank top and cardigan, and went out shopping. I was probably a 4 on the scale of needing to go when I was in Boots (by which time I had finished off the water bottle), and about a 6 when I got home. I was cycling so I did cycle fast. Not I find it really hard to make a good film when I’m super desperate to go as I can’t concentrate enough to get the camera right, the lighting etc. Also it’s important that I get it right (and bring spare clothes, a towel etc.) as the showers are not in my room at all but down two flights of stairs next to the washrooms.

Ok so I got back to my room, put my shopping away (it’s a small place so this isn’t hard), and had a full pint of Ribeena juice. By this time I was still at a 6 but then the challenging part came. I changed out of my skirt and squeezed into the jeans. I don’t know if you’ve ever tried putting skinny jeans on when you kinda have to go pee, but well its rather hard. Fortunately I didn’t need to do up the trousers because as I said the button was broken, so I held them together with a bobby pin, although with my hips there was no way there were going anywhere. Here’s what they look like:

Then I put together my wetting bag, which includes a change of knickers, trousers (in this case my PJ bottoms as I was planning on working around the flat the rest of the day), soap, a razor, shampoo, my trusty oldschool digital camera (in a baggy) and a plastic bag for my wet unmentionables and trousers. I also took my socks off and put on flip flops as I just didn’t want to do more laundry than I have to.

Ok so I head down to the shower. They are like private little room things which means you get a table and a ledge and a shower/bath. There is one of these and the rest are just classic showers and much smaller cubicles. So I always go for the shower/bath room. Mid-day its usually free and there was no one down there.

So I set up the camera, and at this stage it was basically 30 minutes since I got back from shopping and I was probably around a 7. Now for our reader out there a 7 for me is getting pretty close to the bursting point, while I did get my UI mostly sorted I will still get leaks if I really hold it a long time. So I set up the Camera and clicked play. Here is the video I made:

Gray Jeans Wet II.wmv

So for those purists out there it’s not a total loose-control wetting. I could probably have held it for a good 20 minutes if I really had to, and would have probably leaked a little in the process (good thing for the pad and safety panties). I didn’t dance around long though, the panties and jeans are tight and I really had to go, so in the film you can see, if you’re really a sleuth, me start to wet at ~0:26, at this stage I just let go and flooded the panties and pad. As you can see there isn’t much visible at this point as the panties actually do work (well somewhat) and the pee pooled in the gusset around the pad. Now when I say worked I mean they sort of held back the leak for a little bit, these panties are not designed to take full desperate Rachel flood and they didn’t last long.

Now as you can see in the photo’s at the bottom and below, there isn’t much leaking at this point. At about 30 seconds leaks started to come out of the front. The plastic gusset is higher in the back (for sleep time use) and so a lot of the first flood started going out the front of my crotch. Now that’s no good because it wouldn’t show up on the video, so at ~0:33 I spread my legs to let it come out the back as well.

The thing about the safety panties which makes them different than a diaper (or normal panties obviously) is that they really only have plastic in the crotch and no absorbent stuff. The pad I was wearing was not designed for pee and was basically inundated in seconds. So the pee needs to leak somewhere but it pools in the gusset, so you get an incredibly erotic feeling of body warm pee right on your labia. And let me tell you this is an incredible feeling.

But the pee also cools and so unlike wetting a normal by the time it trickles down to say your ankles or feet its cold. So you get the hot flowing feeling of pee running down the inside of your thighs (which is also incredibly hot) but when it get to your feet (travelling through the fabric of your trousers), its cold. Leading to a rainbow of sensations all over your lower body. Its these subtle trickling and warming feelings I fantasize about a lot of times when I’m being naughty in other ways.

So anyhow since the pee pools in the panties, it’s not let out in on big torrent, which accounts for the really nice, slow-growing wet patch in the video. At 1:14 you can see me squeeze my legs and this helped slosh a bit of the pee out and into my trousers. If this was my own bathroom I would have lay down in the tub and played with this some more (but alas).

When I stopped there was still a lot of pee left in the panties and it kept flowing slowly down my thighs when I went to turn off the camera. Actually I had to clean the floor this time, which I usually avoid because it’s yucky.

So I turned off the camera and then went back into the tub as I was still dripping, and I appreciated the sensual feeling of tight wet pants slowly cooling against your skin. I rubbed my legs together a bit and fantasized (I’m telling what about ;)

Then I took some after pictures for you. By this time (probably 5 minutes after the wetting, I was very ‘excited’ and the wet patch has spread even more. You can see the broken zipper in images 6845 and 6846. Is there camel toe? I hope not ;)

Then I peeled the trousers off, and believe me it involved peeling, while they were tight to get on, they were even tighter to take off. I took a few pictures of when I had just stepped out of them:

Then I took a few more pictures of the aftermath for all of you to enjoy. You can see in the close up shots the plastic gusset of the panties and well also *blushes* my wet pad, which is very stained. I took one of just the pad for those who are interested in these things. The panties were a bit stained afterwards as well as you can see. The trousers along with the pad got binned. I washed the panties out in the sink and they are drying by my window in my room.

Afterwards I had a shower, because as you can imagine from the colour of the panties and pad, my pee had that sweet sensuous smell of a wetting accident and I didn’t want to smell like that all day. And went back up to my room to sort all my stuff out and to lay on the bed fantasizing about the wetting but also about how naughty it will be to share it with all of you.

Anyhow this was my most recent wetting adventure. I hope you all enjoy, leave your love if you do.

Hugs

Rachel

*001*2012-09-19 16:30

{{:

This has to be one of the best posts I've seen in a long time.

Amazing story, amazing writing, perfect post formatting, an awesome wetting video and some great high quality pictures to add to it.

I think this could easily be classified as an example of the perfect post :p

And it sounds like it was quite a fun experience, I definitely enjoyed it!

You're definitely an amazing contribution to this community, hope to see you post more of these in the future! ^_^

}}

Oh Shu you know just what to say to a girl. I've come a long way from messed up posts and huge threads :) Thanks for the kind words, I've got more to follow just as soon as I can write about them :)

Lots of Love

Rach

*014*2012-09-20 13:36

Thanks for all the love everyone, I will post the epic naughty day posts soon, especially after all the support here! Hugs!

*015*2012-09-21 18:18

Do any of the girls our there have tips for filming upskirt wettings?

*019*2012-09-22 18:56

{{:

Awesome story and pictures - thanks for sharing.

I've always wondered how one of those panties would do with a full out wetting. ;)

}}

Definitly play tested it, and well yeah not so good :) Good thing it wasn't in public ;)

