How this all started

Author: Gafgarion

*000*2011-03-11 03:59

Well it all started at a very young age, maybe five years old or so. I was playing outside with one of my cousins, who was a few years older. I don't remember what we were doing when it happened or how it came up but he dared me to pee my pants. Obviously I knew that would get me in trouble so I refused. "I'll do it if you do it," he says. "You first!" I replied. So he goes into his house for a minute and comes back out with a little wet patch on his cargo shorts. "That's just water," I remarked, "You didn't really pee your pants!" He kept insisting he did, and when I still didn't believe me he says; "Okay, then watch this!" A couple seconds later with a huge grin on his face he completely soaked his shorts. I don't remember much of what happened after that, but that really stuck out in my mind.

Some time later, maybe a day or a week or month I'm not entirely certain, I started to experiment a little. I don't know what drove me to, I guess it was just exciting to rebel against my parents and pee in places besides the toilet! I started to occassionally pee inside my towel after a bath or shower. I did that for a while (Not sure how long exactly) when I finally decided it was time to try something more daring.

I remember the night like it was yesterday. My parents were out for the night and my brothers were babysitting me. They were watching Walker, Texas Ranger which was their favorite show and I wasn't really that interested. I started to feel the urge to go so I headed off to the bathroom which was pretty far from the living room so I felt secluded. Eventually I made it to there and I closed and locked the door as usual, and pulled down my pants and sat down (I always sat down to pee until I was about 10 years old) Before I started going, I suddenly felt the urge to be naughty.

So, I pulled my little Aladdin underwear back up, but left my pants off. I sat back down, looked down at "it" and watched my white underwear turn increasingly yellow as I completely soaked them for what seemed like five minutes. It felt so warm and satisfying, I felt like never using the toilet again! But I knew that would never be a possibility, what I did was risky enough as it is! I took them off and ran some water though them to wash away the evidence and threw them in the dirty laundry hamper. I put my pants back on and snuck into my room to put clean underwear on and my parents seemed to arrive home seconds later. Phew! What a close call!

Well, that's all for now, I have a lot more story to tell but that's enough for now. Hope you enjoyed it ;)

*003*2011-03-11 14:35

Thanks guys, this is the first time I've ever told anyone this story. It's been a dark secret for me for over 15 years now and it feels good to finally tell someone. I have a very good long term memory and I can remember things in great detail so I'm glad it was an enjoyable read for everyone.

When I have some time I'll post the continuation of this story, possibly later this evening.

