Make-up Test

Author: colbysaur

*000*2014-02-28 20:35

(I typed this two days ago, ny brother having some video downloading in the background. Apparently, that video had a virus that decided to make itself at home in my dinosaur of a computer, causing it to crash. Unfortunately, I had to rewrite this :/)

Every school has those stupid standardized tests. It has a different name depending on what state you are in (I have no idea for those who are not American. Apologies :/) but basically you're stuck in a room for over an hour (or even longer) with restricted bathroom access until you are finished. It's a stupid system, but we virtually have no say (Where's your First Amendment now, 'Murica?) and are pretty much stuck with it. Here in Florida, we just call them FCAT or whatever.

Time for the story. This is all true, and I'm still embarrassed about it today. (Though I enjoyed holding it.)

So one day in the eigth grade, I gotten the bright idea to drink a full bottle of water before school and try to hold it throughout the entire day. I never liked using the bathrooms at school and anything I drink goes straight to my bladder, so I was just upping the challenge that day.

When I showed up to school, it wasn't too bad, considering a twenty-minute bus ride from my stop to school. I had to pee, but it was nowhere near urgent. A two on a one-to-ten scale at the most.

I went through all my classes as usual. I had homeroom (which was basically my friends and I playing cards for fifteen minutes) and then my first two classes that only served as a nap-time for me.

Then it came time for language arts class, my third class for the day. That was when I had just noticed my desperation skip three numbers and went to a five out of ten. I would usually head for a bathroom by then, but I had no idea what infections I'd catch just by sitting on the toilet seats there. It wasn't too bad, however, as I was still perfectly fine. I fidgeted slightly, but not so much that it was noticable.

At lunch I chugged three cartons of chocolate milk (a little competition my friend and I had on a regular basis) which was a bad idea on my part. That milk went straight through me and down to my bladder, which was at half capacity by then.

Fifth period was absolute tortue. I was crossing my legs and squirming in my seat just to take the edge off of my desperation. I came to the verdict that I would just have to go at the beginning of sixth period and have to ignore the disgusting bathroom stalls.

Sixth period came and after my geometry teacher went through attendance, I was about to ask to go to the bathroom until the dreaded intercom came on.

"Can Colby come down to the office please?"

I then remembered that I had to make up an FCAT test that day, as I was severly sick the previous two weeks. I grabbed my backpack and walked to the office, pressing my thighs together to keep from creating the equivalent to Niagara Falls in the middle school hallway.

The lady at the desk instructed me to go to the back room, where another teacher was waiting with my test. I did as told, sitting down at the desk set up there. The teacher started reading the rules in her usual droning voice while I sighed in contempt.

"Can I go to the bathroom first?"

"I'm sorry but you will have to hold it until you finish your test."

I hope you brought a good pair of goggles because I will end up flooding this room within seconds.

But not having reached my rebellious teenage phase yet, I didn't put up an arguement.

I was fidgeting while I went through my test. My urgency was at a seven by then, as the pressure in my bladder was steadily increasing. How could this idiotic teacher not notice that I was breaking my neck to relieve myself?!

(Miraculously) I made it through the entire test dry. I handed in my test and walked to my last class of the day, which was almost over by then. The only problem was that the teacher I had was the type of teacher who would never let students use the restroom, regardless of whether or not it was an emergency.

I didn't even bother asking her as I knew the answer was no.

The bus ride home was agonizing. I was grinding my teeth as I crossed my legs tightly. My friend asked me numerous times whether or not I was okay, to the final time I would sarcastically reply with "fantastic."

I eventually made it home, but my need was at a 9.99999999999999 out of 10. I rushed to the door, but it was locked. My parents must have been gone by then. However, I had a house key, the only good thing that's happened to me that day. Fumbling with the keys while my legs were shaking, I finally unlocked that door and rushed inside.

The bathroom was only up the staircase. Being so close to relief only put more pressure in my bladder. I ran upstairs, but dummy-me had to trip over my own two feet.

By that point, the shock cause a spurt to leak out. I gasped, my bladdder giving up on me completely. Pee gushed out of my jeans, soaking into the carpet of the staircase. I felt the heat rise on my cheeks as I stayed there, staring at the mess I made with disbelief.

(Hope you enjoyed that little experience!)

*005*2014-03-03 05:49

{{: 

Poor gal. how did feel about the accident, after it had happen?

}}

It felt good when I was wetting myself and I was incredibly aroused from it, but it was shortlived as I realized I had to clean it up before anyone else got home

*008*2014-03-12 02:09

{{:

Ouch XD Did your parents notice the damp spot? Or was it gone by the time they got home?

}}

I cleaned it all up before they got home since it was about 3 pm and my family comes home at 7

