Desperation battle at College Graduation Ceremony

Author: SilentMyst

*000*2015-10-05 18:42

So, this past May I had my college graduation ceremony. This is a day I'll particularly remember as it is arguably the most desperate I have been in my entire life.

So, as graduating students, we had to arrive on campus by 8am. So I'm up that morning by 7:30, barely leaving time for me to get some breakfast and get dressed in some formal wear and cap-and gown. So I wound up wearing a white button-down with a grey vest and grey khaki pants underneath my cap and gown. No sooner had I finished breakfast did my parents rush me out the door, leaving me with no opportunity to use the bathroom. I didn't mind at the moment though since I really didn't have to go at all.

I arrive on campus and we end up sitting there waiting to be organized into lines in reverse alphabetical order. During this time was when the were urging students to use the bathroom, but of course, even by this time I didn't have to go. I simply sat around and talked with a few people before finally being put into the line.

And then, as we were already being taken outside waiting in line to walk towards the venue/setup, karma had started to hit me. I finally started to feel the urge to go, but I knew by this point, it was already too late. Coincidentally, the person directly behind me was in the exact same position. She was a lot more vocal about the predicament, but I wound up just keeping it to myself. Knowing I wasn't alone helped me fight the urge a bit better, though I still didn't find this girl to be all that attractive, honestly.

We walk out to the tent set-up and were seated accordingly. Hilariously enough, each seat had a graduation pamphlet and a water bottle, something that I just didn't really want to see. I knew it would be a while, so I hid the bottle under my seat and sat down. I wasn't particularly desperate, so I was able to hide it pretty well so far.

Then the ceremony begins and each representatve and faculty member take turns going up to the podium to give their speech. Time passes by, I know not how much as there were no clocks in sight (outdoors) and by this point, couldn't be bothered to get my cell phone in my pocket underneath my gown. I felt the urge start to grow more and more, but still wanting to hide it, I simply keep it to very slight bounces.

Eventually they had students stand according to their major. And when I had to stand up, I felt the urge slam into me. It was by this point starting to hurt as I battled simply standing up briefly before being seated again.

More time passes by and I notice myself looking around uncontrollably, unable to focus my line of sight on any one thing for too long.

Finally, names start getting called. I knew it wouldn't be too much longer until this ceremony would be over, but I still had to battle walking up on stage to get my diploma. By the time my row was queued to standby, I felt a very familiar struggle trying to stand, followed by pinches of pain that seemed to come with every step I took.

This carried on until my name was finally called as I walked up on stage. Now, as a person, I established reputation as a pretty avid dancer on campus, and while many people were shouting for me to bust a move or two up there, I just couldn't bring myself to do anything of the sort and simply walked up thre and did what I had to do.

I managed to return to my seat still in control of my bladder. Following along with the pamphlet, I sat in anticipation for the final name to be called, then the final words to be said. And then, at long last, we were to leave the venue in an orderly fashion. I continued to battle the pinches of pain each slow step of the way.

When we were finally free to head out or head home, I quickly met up with my parents, although was stopped by a few of my fellow colleagues that wanted to get one final class picture. Being really cool with these people, I did not object in the slightest. But of course, with every other person needing to meet up with their family, and other ones lost among the crowd of people, it would go on to take quite a while to get this picture underway.

After what must have been at least half an hour of shenanigans, the picture was finally taken an I immediately set out for the bathrooms in the library. But to no surprise did I find a long line of people waiting. Not wanting to deal with it, I chose to return to the car where my parents waited, having opted to do so while my class was trying to rally everyone for the picture.

By this point, I just wanted to be driven straight home. Taking off my gown, I was still in formal wear and did not wish to stain them in any way. But of course, my parents opted to head to a store to buy food first. My bladder was beyond killing me on the way there, but I nevertheless pursued to hide my urge as best as possible, despite the increasing pain.

We arrived at the store, and luckily, it was one of those smaller restaurants with a one-person bathroom. I wasted no time wobbling myself over to it and was extremely thankful that it was unoccupied.

Heading right in, I decided to see how much I had been holding and finally retrieved the cell phone in my pocket. Finally, able to release all of the build up tension in my bladder, I recorded myself with the intention of seeing how long this one would be going for. While not the longest I've done, I still managed just about a solid minute and a half!

And so with that, I left with my parents and returned home. No wetting here, apologies to the wetting fanatics. Still, I hope you managed to find at least some enjoyment with what I feel to be one of the more memorable desperation stories I've ever experienced! Also, sorry if it was incredibly long. Really wanted to include as much detail and as many pivotal moments as possible.

