Boyfriend's midnight wetting

Author: PeeInSpace

*000*2015-05-22 10:44

This happened this morning (Last night whatever close enough). For the sake of privacy I'm calling my boyfriend of 2 years Alec.

Okay, So last night I was woken up by my partner sat on the edge of the bed shaking his leg. I sat up and as my eyes adjusted to the light I noticed he was bent over with his hands jammed between his legs.

"Why are you up it's like" I check my phone at the side of me. The light blinded me but I clearly read the text "2:45am"

"Alec it's three in the morning"

He turned to face me. He looked distressed. I was severely concerned as he had been ill a week prior, and my first though was that maybe the sickness had returned.

"I really need a piss"

Well. That was the bluntest way I ever heard that phrase.

"Why don't you just go then"

"It's dark and I don't want to wake up anyone else in the house" (I live in shared accommodation with three house mates, I normally sleep at his but tonight he'd decided to stay at my place)

"Skrew them, and I'm pretty sure two of them are out anyway tonight"

"But I don't want to wake up the blonde girl"

"Lucy? She won't care. Do you think nobody ever uses the bathroom in this house? It's pretty soundproof."

He groaned and held himself tighter. "Okay I'll go."

"I'll come with you if you want. I might as well go too"

I stood up and walked to the other side of the bed. My eyes still recovering from the blinding phone light.

He didn't stand up when I walked in front of him. He looked up at me like a lost puppy. Which is a weird description when talking about Alec.

"I don't think I can make it to the bathroom"

Okay. That was pretty hot I'm not going to lie.

For context Alec didn't know about my omo interest (Until this morning). And Alex is much bigger than me, 5.9ft, black floppy hair, rides a motorbike ect. So to see him in this position was arousing to say the least.

"Well you're going to have to " I say, holding out a hand to help him up.

When he stands he wobbles slightly, one hand still gripping the front of his light grey pyjama pants. I take his other hand and lead him out the door.

I turn on the small landing light, as switching on the big lights really would wake everyone up, and that would be a dickish thing to do. There was a fair amount of light to guide us across the landing and down the stairs (For some reason the bathroom with a toilet in it is downstairs. Upstairs there's just a room with a bath and a shower in it)

When we turned to take the steps he stopped and doubled over. I rubbed his back as his breathing became denser with each inhale. I don't know how he managed it but we managed to get the the platform thing in the bend of the stairs (Those stairs with a landing in the middle of the U shape)

He told me he couldn't make it.

Now, at this point I was torn between being concerned for him, and being aroused at the sight of him. I don't quite know how my sexual confidence gained a boost at this point but I didn't attempt to stop myself from grabbing his crotch ontop of his hands. He made a pained sound but accepted my holding, and removed his own hand to place on top of mine.

So I told him he should just go, there and then. The floors were wooden and the clean up wouldn't be that difficult.

"Just go"

"What, I cant-"

I felt warmth in my hand as he moaned loudly. I leaned back to admire watching the contents of his bladder pouring out and spreading down his thin pants, the fabric creating a second skin as it stuck to his legs. I leaned in to kiss him, listening intently to the splattering noises of the liquid dripping onto the floor as he arched his back against the wall. He absently bit my lip back, focusing on the relief that was streaming from him.

He pee'd for a solid minute. And I stood leaning into him, allowing myself to absorb the pleasure.

"You never really struck me as the kind to be into something like that" He laughed, leaning his head on mine.

We may or may not have stayed up a little later to um.... sort... some things...

*006*2015-07-26 12:57

{{ 

Wow! This is amazing! I hope you had lots of fun.

}}

Oh we did ;)

