Almost public

Author: warmsuprize

*000*2013-05-01 21:09

A few days ago me and my partner were walking home from the shop with the baby in the pram. As we got close to our flat I mentioned I needed to pee. Now I need to add something here. My partner knows of my fetish and has participated in it with me. I brought up the subject of wetting myself on the way home and if I could get away with it. We live in a block of flats with a large car pack to walk so it's impossible to know if someone will be about!

Then she mentioned I could do it in the mornings if I timed it right, when people had gone to work and the mothers were out taking the kids to school.

So back to walking from the shop (sorry if I've written this a bit confusing). When I mentioned I needed to pee, she just asked if I wanted to wet myself. I said "You're serious aren't you?" and she said "Yeah!" But I was sort of half expecting her to say this. We stopped and I had a think about it, but chickened out. It was a bit later in the day so anyone could be about. But I really wanted to do it so I just peed a little and there was a 6 inch stain on the crotch of my grey jeans. My coat hid it so I was safe.

As we started walking again my partner was saying "just do it while you're walking". But I wasn't brave enough. Just as well actually. When we got in we could hear the doors on the 1st floor open so we knew someone was coming down. It was our neighbour. She couldn't see the wet patch because the coat covered it so I helped her down the stairs with her pram before getting inside our flat!

I was relieved I hadn't decided to wet myself though because she would have seen everything and it would be no denying what happened. Yet there is another part of me that wishes I did, if you know what I mean. I mean what's the worst that could happen? I still want to try it. Maybe I could try it at night first. Or if my partner is right and I can find that slot in the morning where people are in work and there's no children about. I may get spotted by a dog walker or something but that should be okay.

I should have taken a photo of the initial wet patch. I've attached photos of me when we got in, after I decided to finish what I started. Hope you like them. I'm not happy with the lighting but they are okay.

*002*2013-05-02 13:45

Thank you Rachel. Glad you liked them. I was undecided whether to show my face (and hair!) but I thought 'what the hell'. I want to start putting more pics up now.

*004*2013-05-02 20:30

My partner is open minded when it comes to sex. So to her it's not a big deal. She's not into wetting herself but has done it for me on many occasions, though she has to take the jeans off straight after because she doesn't like the cold part. Her way of thinking is that I shouldn't bottle up my sexuality, which I have tended to do. You ask how often I do it, and the truth is, not very often. It may sound mad but I find it hard to accept my fetish sometimes. I worry what people thing too much, which is weird since I love public wetting (which I have done a few times in the past). I want to try and do it more and accept myself warts and all, if you know what I mean.

Yes we have another baby on the way so it will become difficult. But we keep all the adult stuff away from young eyes. Just learn to work around these things, there's always a way around things.

Glad you liked the pics and the story.

*006*2013-05-04 09:29

Yeah, even though it does nobody any harm, it's hard to know what peoples reactions will be. The reason I put my face up was to try overcome that barrier.

I have done some public stuff before. I'll write some stories when I get time. I like your idea of doing it on the bus. I am thinking of investing in a pair of black jeans myself. Although I have gone out before with waterproof trousers over jeans. Nobody can tell what you've done. But it has to be raining otherwise people will wonder why you are wearing waterproofs!

Again, glad you like the pics. I'm also intruiged about your "rainy autumn night near home".

*008*2013-05-04 12:27

It's quite nice, definately worth trying. It's still slightly scary even though even though nobody can see!

