No Toilet for 24 Hours - Want Your Ideas

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-10-10 03:53

I suggested this when Beatrix did her week of wetting a while back, and although I don't believe she used my suggestion, I liked it so much, I decided to do it myself.

The idea is that for a 24 hour period (I'm thinking like 7pm one night until 7pm the next) I won't be allowed to use the toilet (except for #2).

I don't always have to wet myself, and I don't always have to go outside, but the toilet is off limits. To make it more interesting I'm going to restrict myself to never peeing the same way twice. So if I go in the shower the first night, I can't go in the shower again for the rest of the 24 hours.

I'm also going to drink at least 10 oz of water every hour or so (except while I'm asleep) to ensure I have ample opportunities to pee. Otherwise I could probably just not drink anything and make it the whole 24 hours with only one bathroom break.

So here's where you guys come in. I'd like to know your suggestions on places and situations (and clothing) to pee in. I'll post detailed descriptions about each one I end up doing, and I may even video some of them if it's feasible.

You can be as generic or descriptive as you like. Anything from, "Pee outside," to, "Pee outside in a pair of shorts while hanging from the monkey bars at the local playground." (note: I don't know if my local playground actually has monkey bars, that's just an example).

Don't be afraid to suggest something you might think is too daring or too dirty. The worst that can happen is I'll say, "no."

While I don't want to publicly humiliate myself (like wetting myself in line at the store where everyone can see me), more discrete public or outdoor wettings and peeings are a distinct possibilty.

I'm hoping this will be fun for all of us.

*001*2012-10-11 03:55

No suggestions?

I was thinking of doing this this Friday through Saturday... I still might, but I was hoping for some ideas in advance.

Here's one that occured to me last night. I woke up about 4:00am and had to pee pretty badly. I could have held on and tried to go back to sleep, but it was uncomfortable enough to distract me from sleeping. Of course I just used the toilet, but I was thinking of what I would do if this happened during my 24 hours without a toilet... It's the middle of the night so I wouldn't want to do anything elaborate. I'm not into bed wetting (I don't have a protective cover and couldn't sleep in a wet bed anyway) so that's out of the question. It's pretty cold that time of night so I wouldn't want to go all the way out into the yard or anything like that, but another thought that occured to me was to just open the patio door in my bedroom a crack, stick myself through, and go on the back porch.

*003*2012-10-13 00:02

{{ 

At night you could just roll over and pee on your floor if you don't feel like getting up to pee in the sink or something.

}}

If I didn't have a carpeted bedroom floor, I would totally do that. In a pinch, I'd probably just use the trashcan by my bed.

The idea of being naked outdoors excites me, but I'd be far too afraid of getting caught/arrested.

I may decide do this tonight through tomorrow, or I may save it for another time. I'll just have to see what kind of mood I'm in.

*004*2012-10-13 17:02

Okay, so I kind of bailed on this idea for this weekend. I woke up in the middle of the night having to pee, and just really wasn't in the mood to do anything special, so I just went in the toilet as normal.

But before that happened, I'll tell you about what I did last night.

Thinking I might still go through with this, I didn't use the toilet at all after coming home from my evening jog. I showered (and peed in the shower, as I always do), ate dinner, drank two big glasses of water with dinner, and watched TV for about 2 hours (I don't usually watch that much TV, but I was trying to clear some stuff off my DVR).

Anyway, by the end of the last show, I was getting a definite urge to pee, to the point where I ordinarily would have gone to the bathroom. Nothing terribly uncomfortable, just a distinct urge to go. I decided to go ahead and have some fun with it, and changed into a pair of loose sweat pants, and a pair of short, grey boxers. I also had to put on coat since it was kind of chilly outside. But not too bad.

We have this natural area right alongside my neighborhood (which I really love having by the way) so it's got almost no artificial lighting. It was kind of hard to get down to the trail at first before my vision adapted to the dark, but eventually I made it and started walking. The area isn't huge. You can easily see from one end to the other during the day, but at night there are several areas which become pitch black after a distance of about 20-50 feet or so.

I walked down towards one of those areas, along one edge of the park, and decided I was far enough away from both the street on one side and the row of houses on the other side to keep from being seen.

Of course, I could see the street and houses really well, because they were all well lit with street lights, but I know that from either of those positions, if you look out to where I was, all you can see is darkness. My sweat pants and jacket were also black, which would make it even harder to see me.

Walking about 10 feet off the side of the trail, towards a little creek that flows through the area, I approached some bushes where I would be particularly shadowed, and pulled my sweat pants down just below my butt, leaving my boxers on. I squatted down in the grass and started to go. It wasn't hard to start at all. I think I've wet my pants so many times by now I have almost no inhibition when it comes to peeing away from a toilet, as I used to have...

Anyway, I could feel the pleasant sensation of the pee coming out of me, and warming the crotch of my underwear, but I didn't feel much besides that. I didn't feel it running down my butt, or hear it splattering on the ground. In fact, it was almost completely silent. I was worried I was getting it all over my shoes while I was doing this, but they seemed to stay dry.

After about 30-40 seconds I finished, so I carefully stood up, and pulled my sweat pants back up over my wet boxers. I felt a couple of little drops run down my right leg, but for the most part my legs stayed dry, which is what I wanted. During the wetting, the legs of my boxers had become bunched up against my crotch, so I reached down in my pants to straighten the legs back out. The wetness felt cool against my butt and privates, but despite the chilly air, it wasn't unpleasant.

Rather than go straight back home, I continued to walk along the trail, making a complete loop around the natural area before I came back. The feeling of my wet underwear was a little uncomfortable (just because I'm used to wearing dry pants normally) but it also felt kind of nice. As I walked along, I reached down my pants just to feel my skin and the inside of the wet fabric. My skin under the wet areas was turning very cool to the touch, which I really enjoy for some reason. Even when I was a little kid just playing in a pool or out in the sprinklers, I always loved the way the skin on my genitals would get really cold to the touch after I would be out of the water for a while, running around in my wet bathing suit.

Anyway, I continued my walk home, and aside from some additional groping/enjoying the feeling of my wet underwear and skin, I didn't do much else. I looked for a few places in the area I might try to wet next time (only if it was at night again though... well maybe during the daytime, if I'm feeling daring...) and eventually came back inside.

My sweat pants stayed mostly dry, but the wetness from my underwear had definitely wicked into the fabric of the crotch area. You still couldn't tell to look at them though, only if you felt them, and even then, only if you felt them from the inside.

I went into the bathroom to look at my wet underwear in the mirror, and by this time I had a little more pee in me, so I peed a few squirts into my boxers again, most of it shooting straight through the fabric and onto the bathroom floor, rather than being soaked up. I stroked my pee-soaked crotch a few times after that, then I cleaned up, threw my clothes in the laundry, and sat down at the computer to take care of some unfinished business...

*005*2012-10-13 23:23

I wet myself again this afternoon.

I went to a movie around noon (Sinister. Not destined to be a classic, but a good movie for the season), and about halfway through I started feeling like I had to pee.

By the time the movie was over, I was moderately uncomfortable. Under normal circumstances I would have gone to the bathroom on the way out of the theater, but I decided not to. I was wondering where I should try to do it instead.

I considered going in the parking lot, but it was broad daylight and there were too many other moviegoers heading back to their cars.

I stopped at a video store on the way home looking for something to rent for tonight, but they didn't have what I was looking for. I thought of going in the parking lot there as well, but again, not enough cover. Also, the pants I was wearing wouldn't hide it well. I made one more stop at a Blockbuster after that, but they didn't have what I wanted either. My desperation wasn't really growing during this time since I hadn't had anything to drink in the past couple of hours, but it was definately persistent and distracting.

I finally just went home, deciding I would do something here instead. I thought of going out into the natural area where I wet my underwear last night, but again, daylight, people...

Finally, I decided to do something I'd been wanting to do for a while. I put on the same grey pajama pants I wore in my "locked out" video with no underwear underneath, went out into the garage, held myself tightly through my clothes imagining I was on the verge of bursting. Crossing my legs, I let a long jet of pee out into my hand, followed by another. The wet streaks down the front of my pajamas looked amazing (at least from my point of view). I let out jet after jet until finally I just released it all. The pee soaked down both of my legs and pooled around my feet. Then it formed a little river and ran across the garage floor to make a second puddle. I really wish I had made a video of it. I've surely deprived you all of something incredible by not documenting this wetting experience. I'll have to make it up to you later.

Unfortunately I don't have to pee again right now, but I'm feeling really daring now, like I want to wet my pants outside again this evening. By the time I get full again though, it will probably be dark, so it won't be quite as exciting, but it should still be fun. I haven't yet decided what I want to wear or where exactly I want to do it.

