Primary School Wetting

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-03-29 04:32

So, as I haven’t posted in my “Clubbing Experiences” thread lately (I’m staying with my dad over Easter, so have been taking it easy on the clubbing front lately!) I thought I’d share one of my earlier wetting experiences.

Now this happened when I was in Year Five, which means that I was nine or ten. I don’t remember exactly what happened before the lesson, so precisely why I didn’t pee at breaktime is a bit of a mystery. But it was the lesson for lunch- Maths class- and I needed to pee.

I was really shy about my bodily functions in those days, which was quite strange as I was generally quite a chatty, outgoing kid. But for whatever reason, I hated telling people that I needed to pee- and it was because of this that I sat there desperate instead of asking the teacher if I could go and use the toilet.

Lessons were an hour long, and it was about half an hour into this hour-long class that it started getting really severe. We had to wear a school uniform, which, for that particular school consisted of a red jumper, white blouse and a grey skirt or trousers. On this particular day, I was wearing a longish grey skirt with white ankle socks and black patent shoes.

I was sitting next to my friend Beth and we were working through some maths problems, but I remember that I couldn’t really concentrate. My knees were knocking together rhythmically under the grey, stretchy material of my skirt and I kept looking at the clock every couple of minutes to see how much time was left.

It seemed as though time had deliberately slowed down just to spite me, as every time I looked at the clock only a couple of minutes had passed. I was getting frustrated, and knew that I wasn’t going to make it out of the class in dry clothes if I didn’t give in and ask to go to the toilet soon.

I kept thinking about asking the teacher. In my head, I was rehearsing what I would say to him: “Mr. Thompson, please can I go to the toilet?”- but every time I had just about worked up the courage to ask, I would chicken out and be back to square one.

So instead, I sat there squirming in my seat, urgently needing to pee, but too scared to ask. Soon, I was surreptitiously putting my left hand up my skirt and giving myself secretive little squeezes under the desk whenever the need got particularly urgent, and all the time my patent shoes were doing this little tap dance.

Finally, with about twenty minutes to go, I got one of those massive urges that told me “You need to pee- right now!” It was so bad that I was certain I wouldn’t be able to hold it any longer, so I made the stupid decision to release just a little bit into my underwear.

I don’t remember what panties I was wearing, but they were probably white, cotton, little-girly knickers. When I released a little bit of pee into them, they seemed to absorb it pretty well anyway. I slipped a hand underneath my bum and felt the back of my skirt, but it seemed dry.

For a few minutes after this sneaky little release, my need didn’t seem so bad anymore and I was able to go back to working. But not long had passed before that overwhelming urge had come back- and this time it was even worse than it had been before.

Owing to its success the first time round, I decided to let out another squirt- but this time I wasn’t quite able to stop it as quickly as I’d have liked, and it turned into a much bigger spurt than the previous one. I had another little feel of the back of my skirt, and this time I couldn’t decide- was I just sweaty or did it feel a little bit wet with pee?

The worst thing, however, was that this second release hadn’t eased my need in the slightest. I was sitting on the very edge of my seat now, trying to grind my crotch into the plastic edge of it as I jiggled my legs around like crazy. But it was too late for that- my bladder seemed to have given up, and it began releasing these little squirts into my bladder every thirty seconds or so.

With about ten minutes to go, I finished my maths problems- and my need to pee didn’t seem to be nearly so bad. This worried me a little bit, as I wasn’t sure if I’d wet myself more than I’d intended to.

But I needed to get my work marked- so I got up out of my seat and used my yellow exercise book to “cover” the wet spot on the back of my skirt as I walked up to the front. At this point, I was sure that I hadn’t wet too much and that the wet spot would be easily covered. It wasn’t until later on that I realised the back of my skirt was positively soaked- I’d completely wet myself, and there was absolutely no way that little exercise book would have covered anything.

Anyway, the lesson ended and everybody started leaving. I tried to be really slow collecting up my books and pencils so that I could be the last person to leave, but Beth was waiting for me and my friend Kerry had come over to our desk to wait for me too.

“I can’t get up,” I moaned in this mock-tired voice, when my friends began looking impatient. I don’t know what I thought would happen- that they’d be all like “Oh, okay then, we’ll just leave you here”? Yeah... no.

Anyway, I had to get up eventually, and when I did I just burst into tears. I was sure that I was wet by this point and that somebody would notice. Beth and Kerry got all concerned and took me out of the classroom, just as a load of people in the classroom opposite were coming out- including several more of my friends.

I ended up with this big group of people around me asking why I was crying, while I just stood there and sobbed.

After a bit, one of them said to me “Mr. Thompson wants you.” I looked back into the classroom and saw that the maths teacher was beckoning to me with his finger. I had absolutely no intention of talking to Mr. Thompson while I was in the state I was. He was one of those teachers that acted really inappropriately around the little girls and- while he was probably a genuinely nice man- he just seemed like a paedophile at the time.

As none of my friends had commented on my wet skirt, I convinced myself that it couldn’t be that wet after all- so I took off running down the stairs to the toilets, my friends chasing behind me.

I don’t know how long I stood in these toilets crying for, but somebody must have fetched a teacher at some point as she turned up and told the others to leave, before kindly asking if I’d had an accident.

I shook my head because I’d never heard it called that before and thought she meant like an injury (I wasn’t the brightest button in the box)- but she just narrowed her eyes and was like “Yes you have, I can tell.”

She ended up bringing me spare knickers she’d found from somewhere or other- I hope they were clean- but, for some reason, she didn’t offer me a spare skirt or trousers, so I was forced to wear my PE shorts for the rest of the day.

This was rather embarrassing as it showed everybody that I’d had an accident so- though I’m rather ashamed to admit I did this- to excuse myself from the blame, I used my mother’s cancer as an excuse for wetting myself. She’d been in and out of hospital at the time having chemo, and I pretended that I’d been so upset about it all that I’d wet myself. I never did admit to anyone that I’d just been desperate for the toilet and too shy to ask the teacher if I could go.

*003*2012-03-29 12:36

{{ 

I always love the school wettings - was this one of your last at school or did you continue in secondary school?

}}

I pretty much stopped soon after this, because I could see even myself that it was getting ridiculous! There was one time where I wet myself quite a bit, but not completely- that was in year 7- and because I was wearing horrendous bottle-green trousers, they didn't really show up a wet spot. That was the last time I wet myself due to not wanting to ask the teacher if I could use the toilet!

*007*2012-03-30 09:10

{{ 

You also mentioned you had a period in year 7 where you wet yourself quite a lot, even if you were wearing horrendous trousers...Are there any good stories from that period? As I figure you were a bit older then maybe you remember a particular event from that period that you'd like to tell us about also? I don't want to push you into writing stories of course, I'm just curious! :)

}}

It wasn't so much a period of wettings, it was just the one incident. But from about year 4 to year 7, I wet myself about once a year. I'll write about a few more of those incidents when I get the chance :D

{{ 

I know my big bladder isa blessing but sometimes it's incredibly boring as well, I don't have any of these stories to tell. Guess that's why I "plan" my own accidents.

}}

I'm jealous, I always wanted a big bladder! And much as I love the concept of wetting now, it was really embarrassing at the time- I could probably have done without some of these stories!

