An Accidental Discovery

Author: LondonGirl

*000*2012-11-08 22:10

I've decided to switch things up a little here, my past two topics were about wettings during my teenage years but I thought I'd give you one that happened recently. We're talking 2 weeks ago recently here.

I've been in a healthy relationship with my boyfriend for around 6 months (If your wondering why I have fetishes in relation to women on my profile it's because I consider myself bisexual. At least when it comes to certain traits in a woman, overall I'm more straight). My boyfriend and me have a very active sex life, we've experimented but only in terms of positions and such not in terms of things like fetishes.

As for my appearance now I have blue eyes, my hair is down past my shoulders and is now brown (3 topics 3 different hair colors...awful isn't it?). I wore a pink see-through nighty with a pink bra and knickers. My boyfriend is tall and has gelled up black hair with green eyes, he's of a fairly athletic build and wore just a pair of red boxers with black trim.

We'd been watching a 2 and a half hour film in bed and it had just finished. He was sat up leaning on the headboard while I was lay down cuddled next to him half-asleep (We have varying film tastes). He nudged me to let me know that it was finished and that we'd get to bed in a few minutes. I stretched and instantly felt my bladder wake up, I never went to toilet even during a film even when I didn't enjoy it. Although tonight it was mainly due it being a cold night and I knew the seat would be terribly cold. 

As I began to awaken more I realized I needed to go quite urgently so I let out a little whimper and turned over quickly. My boyfriend obviously knows about my weak bladder and quickly moved to hug me and prevent me from getting up. He does this as a little game, mainly because he finds my 'Bursting for a wee' dance hilarious, however it's all in good spirits. Tonight however my need was far more desperate than usual, his hug put enough pressure on my now aching bladder to force me into closing my legs tightly and move one of my hands onto my crotch.

I told him I was desperate and I badly needed the toilet, surprisingly he let go and kissed me on the cheek then got out of bed and went out of the room. I was unnerved as he never let me "win" this easily, I got out of bed and immediately shivered in place. I bent over with now both hands in my crotch, I could feel my wee almost escaping, the cold air had made the desperation much, much worse. I quickly hurried out of the bedroom and went to open the bathroom door, my eyes widened when I noticed it was locked.

(This is my first attempt at dialogue in a long time, apologies in advance for it being awful)

"Please just let me in, I'm freezing out here!" I begged.

"No your just desperate for a wee" he replied.

"Yes and I'm about to go all over this carpet now let me in"

"Magic word?"

"Please let me in so I don't wet myself?"

"Nope"

"Your amazing and I love you"

As soon as I said it he opened the door, I rushed in and stood over the loo. I went to sit down and pull down my knickers down when he grabbed the sides of them. I begged him to let go as I could feel my bladder weakening but he refused. I stood there over the toilet with my hands trying to pull my underwear down and my legs tightly pressed together. Then I felt a wet spot appear on my knickers, I couldn't hold it anymore. Just a few seconds before I lost total control I looked forward at his crotch. He had a massive hard-on.

I was shocked, I never realized he got any sexual pleasure out of this I just assumed he found it funny. Now keep in mind my boyfriend has never discussed any sexual fetishes with me, sure he told me various ways in which he found pleasure by either him or me doing something but nothing like this. It all made sense though, prolonging my desperation then letting me go and just saying it was a joke. He'd also joke whenever I mentioned I needed to the toilet in general, I never realized him knowing I needed to go excited him.

I then went from panic to happiness as I voluntarily, well slightly, relaxed my bladder. He immediately let go and began to apologize while I sat myself on the loo, a stream of wee pouring through my knickers the entire time. I watched him stand there in a panic telling me he didn't realize how badly I had to go. He stopped when he realized I was smiling at him looking down at his crotch. He panicked even more when he noticed, he told me he didn't want me to think he was using me. I raised my hand and he silenced. I slipped off my soaked knickers and flung them at him then wiped myself clean. I went back to bed and told him I'd explain everything tomorrow, he joined me soon after.

That morning we both confessed about our fetishes. He told me he has an Omorashi fetish too and that he does the game because he just likes seeing me desperate. He's known about it amazingly since childhood, well when he's compared the experiences to his knowledge of it now. He just enjoys the whole topic of women weeing in general, and that even just the sight of me relieving myself is good enough. I told him about my wetting fetish and he was amazed. I mean he'd just found out that his weak bladdered girlfriend gets off to wetting herself, something he in turn gets off to. Win-Win situation.

We've played our little game a few more times and our sex life has picked up even more. We've not incorporated any wee-related things into our sex we use it just to get ourselves aroused. I've since told him about the forum and he's fully content with me posting this, I wanted to check since he's part of it. He has revealed several experiences of his own to me, some of which I think would go down well here, might even get him to make an account here! Might be seeing LondonBoy in the future ;)

