My 20 Hour Hold

Author: Caydency

*000*2014-04-22 00:12

Well, my hold turned out to be a total of 20 hours - a first for me. It started around 4:15 or 4:30 PM yesterday, and ended today at 12:30PM.

Around 6:30PM yesterday, I could feel the beginning stages of need hitting me; and it was then I decided to hold it until I lost control fully. I sometimes have trouble holding it all the way through the night without having to get up and pee; so I made a conscious effort to stay awake all night, at all times being fully aware of my growing need. I was sitting here, as the morning hours rolled around just trying to hold on as long as possible and wanted someone to experience this with. Who else other than, the one and only FetishGuru? It was 10:35AM, and I ended up getting a skype call from him that lasted for a total of 3 hours.

Early in our conversation, I was quite frantic; even telling Guru that I would only be able to hold 10-15 more minutes at one point. He assured me that it would be okay if I just calmed down and focused my mind on other things, (difficult to do with over 18 hours of pee screaming to come out!) Eventually the conversation began to take my mind off the need for a short while but it soon it escalated around the 11:30 mark.

The waves of pressure were just constantly hitting me over and over again……

With these waves of pressure constantly hitting me, it was getting harder and harder to even keep control. I was able to stay dry until one massive wave hit me that caused me to lose about 1/3 of the amount of pee inside of me. I was growing frantic and finally admitted that I was reaching the last hour of my ability to hold, where he continued to encourage me to keep holding on. I was able to do a bit better now that some pee had escaped me, but it didn't stop the constant waves of urgency and pressure from washing over me every so often.

I did okay until about half an hour from then, where it was now around 12:10-ish. I was nearing the end of my rope, and I was starting to feel the most intense pressure and desperation wash over my body all at once. I was hit with wave after constant wave, shaking and complaining that I was no longer able to hold it, and that I was about to lose control sooner rather than later. Guru mentioned to me that I wasn’t far off another hour mark; that if I could just contain what was left inside me for another 20 minutes – I would have lasted (for the most part) 20 HOURS! That decided it – I was going to hold it; or lose complete control trying!

The last 15-20 minutes were the longest, most desperate, and utterly extreme holding I had ever done in my life! Continuously, I was asking Guru “how much longer?”….and “did I make it?” Finally, the last wave that powered over my body caused everything to go downhill for good. I felt spurt after leak escaping me with every moment that passed. I finally was trying to speak and verbalize my inability to hold it any longer, but I was unable to do so. Guru had picked up on this, and he finally realized that his encouragement of me holding on was at an end, and he told me “You made it; it’s 12:30 – you may let it all out now!” and with that came the flood of pee that gushed out of me. I pissed continuously for over 3 minutes as my body and bladder FINALLY were allowed to release it all.

I won't lie, without the encouragement from Guru; there's no way I would have lasted three more hours on top of what I was already feeling....so with that being said a HUGE thank you to Guru for his help. He was very understanding of what my goals were, he respected my limits and my wishes - and he REALLY was amazing at helping me reach my absolute maximum before I exploded. Speaking of the explosion - it was amazing! After I pissed continuously for 3 minutes; he asked me "How does it feel to FINALLY not have all of that pee screaming to get out of you?" - "Very good, I feel SO much better..." was all I could answer with. I was still panting and nearly out of breath. It was a great experience that I would do again, for sure. Even after bursting, with 20 hours of pee - less than 45 minutes later I was nearly on the verge of bursting again. I had a bit of fun with that too; but that's for another story. ;)

