Sweet, Sweet Desperation

Author: vaseline

*000*2015-06-01 23:44

I wasn't intending to do a hold today, but naturally, I'm forgetful and forced one upon myself anyway.

I didn't pee before going to bed, and woke up today without needing to pee; I was no more than a 2/10. Today was a pretty busy day, I predicted, because I had a feeling I was going to have a pop quiz in my college course.

Naturally, I did.

After that, there was a grueling hour and forty five minute lecture, and the two bottles of water I had last night were making themselves known. After our "break" (five minutes before another 2 hour lecture), all of my classmates darted into the restroom; it was then I decided I was going to do a hold.

At this point, I was a 4 or 5 out of 10, but I crossed my legs and carried on.

I drank another bottle of water and fell asleep for a short while, waking up to visit my mother. At my mother's, there is a TV, and where there is a TV, there is me mindlessly eating and drinking. By the time I was out of there, I had 5 cups of water and a cup of tea (shocker, considering I only drink water).

It's at this point that I was questioning when I would ever be desperate, because every hold I have done didn't bring an urgent need; only my toy did, and I could not do that while alone. I figured that was the end of it, so I went back home.

Big, BIG mistake. (I blame the tea.)

I got up from her car and it seemed that everything I drank since last night whooshed into my bladder at once, and I was easily an 8. I couldn't show any signs of it, as my grandmother was with me, but I figured I could put on some pajamas and enjoy my desperation in bed.

Wrong again.

She said that I were to watch the news with her. After reluctantly agreeing, I walked as normally as I could to my room and changed into a baby blue nightie and some tight, hot pink shorts to go under it. My bladder was so pronounced, I had to spend a good few minutes trying to button and zip the poor thing. My desperation spiked to a 9 and I went to watch the news with her.

The next half hour was especially grueling; I chose to cross my legs, but my bladder was screaming for relief, but I steadily ignored it and tried to concentrate on the show. When that was done, I was to my room.

Well, at least I tried.

See, at this point, it was 7pm, and I haven't gone since 7pm the night before. 24 hours and at least 5 pints of liquid were pushing on my bursting bladder. I was a good 9.5, maybe even a 9.7. I had to make a decision at this point, and my choice was to hold it.

I sat on my bed, fully intending to read or do something to take my mind off it, but as soon as I sat down, I knew I wasn't going to be able to concentrate on anything. I only thought about sweet relief. So, I decided to tease myself some more. I got up, and again, the liquids whooshed to my bladder. I was at a 10 now, and it was easy to tell, my tummy and bladder sticking out like never before, in my light blue nightie.

I tried to walk around pacing my room, but my legs were quivering too much. I tried to stand still, and I felt a spurt soak my panties. After another 10 minutes and unbelievable spurting, I hobbled into the bathroom to take care of business. I peed a solid 40 seconds, relief washing over me full force. Even as I write this, my body feels strained and and lips are wet and swollen.

I think I'm going to take care of this now.;)

*003*2015-06-06 03:26

I'm glad you two enjoyed my story! It was plenty fun to experience.:)

