A 17 y. o. girl wetting herself when looking after of a bunch of kids

Author: vikka

*000*2013-03-04 00:27

As a change this story isn't about me wetting my panties. I only happened to be there when Erika had an embarrassing accident.

###

At sundays I use to help in looking after the little kids at our Church, while their parents are attending the morning service, a couple of times a month. And so I did today. I love children and enjoy very much to play with them. Probably because I in many ways feel like a child, I'm terribly childish.

Today we were two girls looking after the kids. The other girl was Erika, who is a couple of years younger than me. She is a cute, vivacious girl with blonde frizzy hair. The children love her.

When it was getting near to the time for the parents to fetch their kids after the service, Erika called me. She was sitting on a big cushion with some kids around her. When I'd come up to her, she signed to me to come closer. She leant towards me and whispered:

"Vikka, it's so awful! We... we were making wry faces to see who could look the most funny, and I laughed so much that I wetted myself." She blushed heavily. "My skirt is totally wet under my bum! If I stand up everyone will notice. What shall I do?"

I felt so sorry for her! I promise, I really did. But at the same time I was becoming so turned on. Which made me very ashamed. It was a very bad time and place for that. With an utmost exertion I pulled myself together and started to think practically.

"Oh, dear! Don't feel bad, it could happen to anyone when you're laughing too much. I've had accidents too, you know." I didn't tell her how often... "If I gather all the kids over there, you'll be able to sneak in to the toilet without any of them noticing. Stay there until their parents have fetched them. I'll bring you your coat then."

It worked out well, and when all the kids had been fetched, I knocked at the toilet room door. Erika opened the door. I could see traces from tears on her cheeks. I gave her a hug and handed over her coat. Then I picked up a pair of panties out of my rucksack.

"It's cold outside today so you shouldn't wear your wet panties on your way home. I happen to have a pair of clean panties in my rucksack. You can borrow them if you like."

"Oh, thanks! You're so kind! Actually, I've taken off the wet ones and washed myself." I saw her panties hanging on the brim of the handbasin. They were light blue and their back was almost totally wet. "Oh, Vikka, I'm so terribly embarrassed! Wetting myself in front of the kids like I were even younger than them. But thanks to you no one noticed anything."

She gave me a hug. Which felt very nice. In more ways than one. But I didn't let her notice that. Which made me feel kind of proud of myself. Well, not exactly proud. I only behaved as I should, and that should not be something to plume on. But yet... It felt good to be a nice girl for once.

Erika put on the clean panties. (Which btw. were pink. Of course, it's my favourite panty colour!) Then she turned to me.

"What luck you had spare panties with you!"

I blushed. If only she knew, that I almost always bring spare panties with me in case of...!

"Ahem... yeah. Btw, wrap up your wet panties in some paper towels before you put them in your bag. I'll take the wet cushion with me and wash it at home."

Then we left the Church and parted.

"See you next Sunday!"

*003*2013-03-05 15:14

Thankyou very much both of you :) ! And Bulmafan97, you made me feel really honoured as it is your first post after more than a year as a member! In your post you mention your own writings; I hope we'll see some here on Omorashi.org!

