Wetting in the School Storeroom

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2013-09-26 07:30

My final year of high school had just started, and I had my mind set out on a year full of experiments and play. I had a number of plans, most of which I new would take place in the woodland on my walk home. But the first of my term time wettings was a spur of the moment idea, and against anything I would have pre-planned, happened in the school itself.

I was in a Math class late in the day when the teacher from the next room came rushing in. He stood with my teacher at the front of our class, murmuring about something that students obviously weren't meant to hear. Their conversation really caught my attention when I thought I heard one of them mention someone wetting themselves. I strained to understand what was going on, my mind instantly beginning to form images. From what I heard, I realised that one of the other teacher's student's had just wet themselves, and he'd come to ask our teacher what to do about it.

I couldn't help myself picture the student in the other class, sat in their sodden unform. I looked at the carpet beneath my chair, imagining a puddle forming. I imagined what it would feel like to let go on the hard plastic chair. I was getting more and more excited by the thought, wondering how wonderful it would of felt if I was the other student. Then I began to realise what I had missed. Image being in that class with the student as it happened! I smiled to myself, and decided that I had to try and see the scene of the crime. I raised my hand, and casually asked our teacher if I could take a trip to the restroom.

I stepped out our room. All the doors along the hall were shut, and there wasn't a soul in sight. But outside the room next to ours was a chair. It was wet, with wipe marks where it had hurriedly been dried before being dumped outside the room. A small, yellow puddle had accumulated in the middle. I dipped my fingertips into it, and run them back and forth a few times. It made me tingle. But then I heard footsteps. I quickly began to walk to the end of the hall and headed down a flight of stairs to the corridor below, where the restrooms were. I walked toward them, planning on having a quick tinkle then heading back to class. But as I approached the rooms, I remembered what other room was in this corridor.

There as a small room, once used as a classroom for textiles. But that department had gone a long time ago. Now the room was merely for storage. Most of the other departments used it as a dumping ground for anything they no longer needed. It was full of old desks, old computer terminals, boxes of unused material from the textiles classes and several other little bits of equipment from that had stopped working years ago. Now my plan changed. It was a room that was never used, full of things to hide behind and most importantly no one would be entering it any time soon. So I stepped inside. The door creaked as I shut it behind me. There was no sign of a lock on it, so I pushed one of the old sewing machines over to it.

I stepped round the mountains of old junk before coming across and old teacher's desk. It was solid wood, cold and hard. Up both sides it had a row of draws. The table top was long a polished. It was just what I was looking for. I bent down and wiped my fingertips dry on the carpet, then, without hesitation, I climbed up and sat with my back against a wall. I took off my skirt and put it out of the way, then pulled my leggings down to my knees. My bottom, now wrapped only in my pink undies, rested on the cold hard surface. I arched my legs in front of me, my feet, still in black leggings, flat on the table top. From my waist up, I was still wearing my complete school uniform.

I was nervous, it was completely forbidden to do something like this in school. If I was found, I would be very badly punished. But the butterflies in my tummy just made me feel more excited. I looked down at myself, the soft bulges just visible through my panties. Breathing out slowly, I relaxed every muscle. For a brief moment nothing happened, then I felt it begin. A hot tingling sensation filled my groin, then a thin trickle ran through my panties and into a warm puddle under my bottom. 

The flow grew stronger, arching out and splashing down on the table. It made the most incredible sound, a mixture of the hissing and the splatter as it hit the polished surface. My feet were suddenly hit by the warm puddle as it grew bigger and bigger. The liquid soaked up into leggings around my feet. I heard the thundering as streams broke free and tumbled over the edge, hammering down on the carpet. I was breathing fast with excitement. The contrast between the cold table and the hot liquid made my pee feel hotter than ever. Pleasure and joy rushed though me. The hot puddle grew and grew under me, absorbing up into my cotton panties and up around my feet.

Eventually the flow slowed to a stop. My breathing calmed and I stood up, off of the table. My panties and my feet were soaked. Trickles ran down the outside of my legs, so I quickly removed my leggings before the drips met them. I looked over the table, as the large light yellow puddle continued to run over the edge and drizzle onto the carpet. Where the streams met the carpet, there were large darkened damp patches. I smiled.

I pushed my slacking panties down my legs, and stepped out of them. With my wet hands, I rummaged around and found some old textiles offcuts, which I used to wipe my bare bottom dry. Then I pulled my leggings back on. It felt strange wearing them without underwear. The feet were still soaked, but never the less, I slipped my shoes on. Before I left, I hid the sodden panties in a pile of junk, then I headed calmly back to class, as if nothing had happened.

