Wetting on facetime

Author: Gamerman

*000*2012-04-18 02:34

Earlier today. About 2 hours ago actually, i was facetiming one of my best friends and before that. I had drank about two big cups of soda which made me have to pee about 30 min later. We both had to do dishes so we were ganna call each other back after we finished. I went down stairs to start unloading, and after standing for about 2 minutes, i really started to feel all the soda catch up with me.

About 10 minutes later i finished with the dishes and went straight back up to my bed because standing made it extremely hard to hold. I sat there holding my self desperatly while waiting for my friend to be done with the dishes. About 20 minutes later she finally came back and we went back on facetime. I didnt think she could tell how desperate i was but she soon found out when i couldnt stay still for more than 2 seconds. I then said how bad i had to pee and she started laughing haha. I kept rocking back and forth when i felt a spurt come out. I looked under my shorts and there was a small wet spot on my underwear. 

I showed my friend (who is also into omorashi btw) and she started to laugh. But after a while i couldnt take it anymore and siad i was ganna head to the bathroom to wet when she said she had a front row seat to watch haha. That made me smile. I was in the bathroom desperatly crossing my legs and holding between my legs when i started to feel another spurt coming. I put the camera on my briefs as a big spurt of pee came out into my underwear. After that i knew i couldnt hold it back anymore than 30 seconds. So i stepped into the tub, put the camera on my shorts for my best friend to watch, and slowly relaxed as the warm pee started to rush out of me and make a dark wet spot which grew fast. It felt soooo good i loved every second of it as she watched me pee all over my self haha. We both laughed at how much my shorts and underwear were soaked and i hope to do it again very soon

*002*2012-04-18 02:42

Aww haha thnx bestie love you too :)

*004*2012-04-18 02:44

Haha ok

*006*2012-04-18 02:48

Haha I LOVE YOU TOO!!

*008*2012-04-18 03:29

Delaney!! U havent answered my txts :( wt happen :/

