It was all a dream~!

Author:edinWind

*000*2011-07-05 10:42

Ok, so I just woke up at 6:22 am today from this wonderful dream. Wonderful I tell ya! Alright, so me and this girl were lying in a bed. They're were no names, just conversation. We had started talking because I was asking did she want to split a gum ball. After much deliberation, she accepted it and we begun watching t.v. It was a program where people were talking about situations in there life that they were a bit embarrassed about (not sure what my brain was trying to do to me!), and it got to this cheerleader who got caught watching porn on the main television. Her mom was cool with it and just explained the birds and the bees to her (Once again, not sure what my brain was telling me! XD).

Now, this is where it got really funny/sad (depending on how you look at it), the girl randomly blurts out. "How do you feel about people riding diapers?" I stop, blink and then turn up to face her with a, 'what did you say?' kinda expression, so she then said. "Would you be okay with that?" Like she was telling me she wore diapers and was just asking me how did I feel. My eyes instantly shot open and replied. "You'll make me the happiest boy on earth." My mouth was agape and, no lie, my manhood was at full attention. But, by me laying on my stomach now from rolling off of my shoulder, she wouldn't of noticed it. She gasps and mouths to me, 'really?' Then I nod and whispers "I'm a diaper lover too." Then, suddenly, she get's this mischievous grin on her face and then playfully she yawns. "Oh, I'm getting sleepy.." Then she winks.. and leans over the bed to retrieve something from under it.....

Then bam...

I wake up.

....with a stiff Johnson. T.T

I instantly became very sad, but then had to laugh about it because it was a thought that was all to perfect to seem real. Already in bed with a very cute girl who ends up being a diaper lover as well. *Shrugs* I guess our minds can make fools of us all, right? :) . . . . . . . <_<

