My Omorashi (gender bent)

Author: Slater

*000*2011-07-19 12:20

I've been asked a few times to post my own wetting experiences, but there are two things I have against that on a personal level. One, it's my own dang self, and I'm not going to get excited writing about me. Two, I don't like dudes in my fantasies. But a few days ago I got a random and serious urge to write about myself wetting. Can't make myself do it.

So I was thinking about gender-bending them. I'll keep the accidents true to life in every detail, except switching the gender, and not writing them in the first person. I'm more comfortable with it that way. Wanted a pole first to see if it will fly.

*002*2011-07-21 11:35

{{ 

I don't see the problem with that. Go for it, I'd love to hear some of your stories.

}}

I've posted several stories already. The most popular set seems to be about my sister's accidents. http://animepee.me/topic/125-unforgettable-%E2%80%98wettable%E2%80%99-sister/page__p__1604__fromsearch__1entry1604

*004*2011-07-24 04:20

I'll keep this open for a little while longer.

*006*2011-09-23 04:11

*Deep breath* Here goes...

Celia is a cute little half-Asian, short in stature growing up in a poor family. Her mother was fairly strict at keeping her children protected, and this included using child safety handles on doorknobs. Young children, particularly toddlers, do not possess the hand size necessary to grip the handles over the rounded knobs on the door because of the safety covers. To open the door, a hand must grip the cover firmly from multiple angles to be able to grip the actual doorknob.

Celia couldn't open it, but she needed to. Her white PJs with airplanes on them were moving up and down as she marched around in a circle, both hands tightly digging between her legs. Her younger sister was sitting up in the bed across the room, disturbed by the noise.

"I have to go," Celia said aloud trying to grab the doorknob. She tried hard to focus on turning the nob, but only managed to frustratingly get it to spin around. She got close, it budged as both hands were released from her crotch to press hard on two points, but a spasm of hot pee squirted into her white panties, and she gripped herself again, marching around in circles, begging desperately for help.

"Mommy? Daddy? Please! I need to pee!" Celia continued shouting, getting louder, but the little apartment yielded no response. "I have to pee! Please!" She stopped and bent over, eyes swelling with tears, hating every painful second of waiting.

Celia tried again at the door, knocking at it, pounding at the wall, and jumping up and down.

Nothing but silence.

Celia began to whine, begging all the more and almost in sobs, hunched over at the door and angrily slapping it. She tried the doorknob again, twisting it constantly back and forth to no avail. Realizing there was no way out, she decided to keep marching in circles around the room, shouting for help.

"Please I have to go!" She sobbed. "Really bad! I... I..." she looked down, stopped marching, "have... to..." hands released and a sharp, loud hissing of warmth shooting out of her crotch, "pee..." she exhaled.

Celia breathed hard and slow as a strong jet stream exited her thin pajama pants, pattering on the light brown carpet below, the fibers darkening in spots between her legs and growing. Pee was sinking down her legs and tickling her feet so she spread her legs apart widely and scrunched up her pants around her legs and under her crotch, the warmth flowing easily down the pant legs now, and when it all flowed down, dripped off in a waterfall over her bare feet. The relieving warmth was momentarily pleasant on her wiggling little toes, but the hot feeling in her panties was not.

She peed and peed, all of the night and morning build up in her bladder flowing onto the carpet as her younger sister watched on. Celia exhaled a deep sigh when the last of it was sputtering out, and she released her grip on the edge of her pants, swinging her hands on the dryer sides to try and "flick" out what was still there. The girl didn't cry, but only stood there in shock, wondering what her Mommy might say.

