My first sighting

Author: Jus

*000*2012-11-14 14:02

My First Sighting

I have no idea if this is the correct place to put this. Please forgive me and advise me if it should have been elsewhere.

I probably saw other kids being desperate, or wet themselves when I was quite young, but I don’t really remember that. What I do remember is that one particular year when I was maybe eight I saw something that I’ve since realised probably had a lot to do with my current interest in pee, although at the time, and really even now that particular incident wasn’t for me a sexual thing, just something fascinating.

We were going away to a place in the mountains, for a family holiday, and there were two carloads of relatives going there. In our car there was Mum and Dad, me of course, Grandma and her sister. Dad had been driving for what seemed like forever to me, and we were in the bush not apparently near any towns or anything when Grandma suggested to Dad that maybe it would be nice if we stopped so that we could pick some gum leaves. Her sister suggested that maybe we should just keep driving and that way we’d get there sooner.

Over a period of time more or less the same conversation was repeated several times. In due course Dad stopped beside the road and suggested that this should be a good place to find some. Mum took my hand and accompanied by Grandma we walked a little way into the bush. Grandma’s sister lingered behind and seemed a little annoyed. Once we were behind some trees Mum said if I needed to wee now would be a good place, and she helped me undress to squat there in the same fashion as Grandma was already starting to do.

A very short time later Grandma’s sister came hurrying into the clearing where we were, complaining that somebody should have told her what we were up to, because she was desperate. With one hand and in a single movement she lifted her skirt and pulled her underwear all to one side and before she’d hardly even started to squat a really strong stream of pee squirted out. As she squatted she overbalanced and fell backwards, and momentarily her stream of pee arched upwards, before she rolled over sideways and got onto her hands and knees into a sort of doggy position from which she then struggled to stand up.

All the time she did this the pee was still streaming out and it only slowed to a dribble punctuated by the odd spurt as she stood up again. Pee seemed to have gone everywhere. She seemed really grumpy as she straightened her clothing, but almost miraculously none of it was too wet. I’d never seen anything like that before, and actually never since either, and it had all unfolded right in front of me. It was a real revelation to me that it wasn’t only kids that would get desperate like that. Prior to then it never occurred to me that others, even adults, who to kids like me seemed to have such control over everything, could be in a situation like that.

On the way back to the car Mum and Grandma explained how nobody actually picks gum leaves. It was just a signal to Dad to look for a good place to stop the car where there were some trees or bushes to go behind, and so that nobody had to even mention such a thing as pee in mixed company. I’m sure that they had no idea that it would be so clearly etched in my memory, or that now I’d be finding pleasure in seeing people who need to pee.

