A Desperate Challenge: Holding outdoors with Maria-Sanza!

Author: Millan

*000*2012-06-21 17:21

So, I did another challenge, this time with Maria-Sanza! Since we live in very different cities it is kind of tricky for us to do exactly the same thing at the same time (there’s also a 9 hour time difference), but we did our best anyway. The city I live in is much smaller and more like living in a forest than a city, so for me there’s not really any problems to hide if I should meet someone (which generally doesn’t happen cause there’s very few people), it’s easy to sneak home or even change outdoors and then head home in clothes that show nothing!

Anyway, since this was trickier for Maria we decided to adapt to her circumstances and thus we went for clothes that don’t show much at all – In my case that was just a pair of very ordinary black tights and a black skirt, with black, low shoes. The panties I chose this time were pink with a little bow in front and white dots in some pattern, and the backside off them is…I think it’s called laced, it’s like half see-through and very naughty! Anyway, here’s what I did:

###

I had been filling up slowly during the day, the only bathroom visit I had was around 10 AM when I woke up. It was a pretty slow day where I did have things to do, but it wasn’t too bad and I was working from home anyway so I could adapt and kind of work when I felt like it. This also meant that I could spend all day holding and let it build up nice and slow, just like I want it to…There was nothing that could interrupt me.

Since I had been taking it slow all day the first time I actually noticed a need was around 6 PM, 8 hours after I started. I am not sure exactly how much I had to drink by then but I could feel that there was definitely something in my bladder, and there was some pressure and just a general nice feeling going on, even though I wasn’t desperate yet. I decided to go for some tea to continue to fill up, and passed time by working perhaps another hour or so before I stopped and just hung out in the chat and did some other stuff. When the clock hit 10 PM I was starting to get full and since I had been at it for 12 hours then I decided to start drinking a bit more to get desperate pretty soon.

I wanted it to be kind of late before I headed out but I didn’t want to stay up all night either. In the meantime I was trying to figure out what exactly I should do, it occurred to me that we had not set any specific plan, just that we both had to be desperate outdoors. I realized very soon that I had more or less a perfect opportunity at hand – It was late so there would be almost no one out (as usual here), my city is incredibly easy to hide in anyway and I was wearing clothes that don’t show much wetness at all. I really love accidents a lot but all of my own “accidents” have been planned, with one or a few “safe spots” to go to in worst case.

This time I decided to just walk around more or less randomly, as I knew chances that I would run into someone was incredibly low, even if I did I was almost guaranteed to be able to hide and if I wet myself somewhere kind of public my black tights and skirt would not give me away. With this in mind I stayed in a while longer until my bladder was bulging so much it was hard to bend down to put on my shoes, had a few extra mouths of water and headed out the back door.

I always get nervous when I step outside late with a full bladder, even though no one would know what I am up to some of my neighbours can still see my back door from their windows. There was only one light still on this time though, so I didn’t think much about it and I headed out. Walking was okay but I had to press my thighs together a bit, I was extremely full but some of the liquid was still making its way from my tummy to my bladder, so it felt like I had some time before I would be totally bursting.

I walked past the closest few houses and then decided to turn left and follow the slightly bigger (but still small) road that goes that way. There are houses on both sides of it with new streets every block but still plenty of trees and bushes and other green stuff you can hide in along the way. I didn’t want to go in on any of the side streets as I would then be surrounded by even more houses that could see me, so I stuck to the main street where I was at a further distance from the houses in case anyone would be looking.

I followed the road for about five minutes, getting more desperate with every step and stopping once or twice to cross my legs for a little while before I could go on. I was filling up fast by now and just the fact that I was outside (although with no one around, it was totally dead with the exception of the odd car driving by) made me need to pee even more. I usually don’t feel a need to pee when I get nervous in everyday situations but I guess it is a special kind of nervousness when I know I am up to something very naughty…

The result was still that suddenly I was getting desperate and had to continue to walk putting one foot in front of the other to rub my thighs together, while sometimes also using my hand to hold it in. I had to stop more often, roughly every thirty seconds because I was being hit by massive pressure waves that made it hard to walk and hold at the same time. For every time I stopped I was getting more and more nervous which in turn made me even more desperate to pee, it was a vicious circle really!

The road I was on takes maybe 15-20 minutes to walk through the neighbourhood, and when you exit on the other side there’s sort of a “main road” and a tram stop. When I had to stop to hold it once again and was totally unable to stand still doing so, stepping on the spot with both hands between my legs, I decided I should turn around. My mind then did what it usually does to me when I am outside and very desperate; it starts to create a scenario on its own. This time I acted like I had just arrived with the tram on the far end of the road, totally desperate and had to walk those 15-20 minutes along the road with houses on both sides all the way home.

I knew there were no toilets on the way so I would simply have to hold it all the way home. I kept thinking of how badly I needed to pee, walking slowly with my hands in my crotch and my legs tightly together, and I begged my mind to let me squat somewhere. While looking for a place to squat however I couldn’t stop thinking that “someone will see you from one of the houses” or “a car will definitely pass by if you squat” and “don’t be silly, of course you can hold it all the way home!”.

I had to stop again, this time it hurt a little bit and I crossed my legs hard, bent forward a little bit and gently stroke my full bladder with one hand while moaning softly. I couldn’t stay still now either though and I started dancing on the spot while dribbling the first few drops in my panties. It felt warm and nice, but also humiliating and scary and I instinctively grabbed onto my crotch with both hands and managed to stop it. I could feel that I had made a wet spot but I couldn’t see it on my black tights in the dark. I continued to walk very slowly and carefully while holding myself, luckily there was no one around this time of the night. I was so full now that I could feel how every step sent a jolt through my bladder causing it to tremble and leak a few drops.

I felt the leaks but it took a while until it made an actual impact down my legs as the leaks were so small. I stopped near a street light but not directly under it and spread my legs a bit to have a look at the damage, and sure enough if you looked closely there was some wetness down my thighs! Spreading my legs didn’t really work well though and I had another leak, still a small one but more than a dribble. I continued walking as fast as I could, but it was getting impossible now and right when I felt that I could not hold it anymore I just quickly looked around after which I squatted where I was on the side walk. Pee started gushing out of me immediately and I hiked up my skirt a bit while just looking down at the flood from my crotch, all over my tights in the front and back, but mostly on my butt as I was squatting.

A puddle formed quickly under me as there was not much to soak it up and soon enough it covered both my feet and was growing mostly forwards from where I was squatting. I sat there in a squatting position and peed for a short while when I suddenly heard something. It took a while until I realized what it was and I did my best to try and stop peeing but it took a little while to do so. I got back up to my feet and ran to the side and hid behind a tree and waited, and a short while after I had gotten off the side walk a car passed by. I was really scared and nervous at that point but still glad I could get away in time.

Then I realized I was peeing again. As I had been stopped mid-stream it was impossible to hold the flood back, so there I was standing behind a tree peeing all down my legs, soaking both the front and back of my tights as well as my shoes. I could see the puddle on the side walk from where I was standing and I was just looking in that general direction while listening to my bladder as it emptied itself in my tights. I felt all warm and wet everywhere and I managed to completely soak my socks, feet and shoes with pee as well.

That meant I had to walk home with squeaky shoes that left a wet foot print every step for a really long time before most of the wetness had been “used up”. I half-walked/half-ran all the way home and just as I was outside my back door I kind of had to pee again. I’m not sure if I had either not emptied myself completely or if I was just needing to go again because my bladder was weak, but I just grabbed the door handle and pulled, and when I found it locked my bladder gave in and I wet myself again.

It felt even better this time as it had gotten a bit cold while I walked, but now everything felt warm and wet again. I relaxed and enjoyed the wetness that followed more or less the same markings it had left the last time, and when I was finished I just quickly stepped inside and went into the shower where I had a closer look at my tights in the light. As I had been squatting the first time I had wet most off my butt, and also made quite a mark on the skirt which I apparently didn’t get away in time. I was soaked on the backside off my legs all the way down to my feet, and roughly from my knees down I was wet all the way around my legs. My front was really wet this time too, very far out on my thighs at the top and then sort of my usual bend inwards so that the outside of my thighs was still dry, but everything else was more or less soaked.

Then I simply hit the shower with my clothes on, removing them after a while so I could clean myself (and have some fun :) )and then I just did the laundry and went to bed, really excited to hear what Maria-Sanza had been up to!

###

Several more stories available if you check my profile :)

*010*2012-07-25 21:01

Thank you for the comments! I really want to do something like this again if any of you girls are interested...? It's just so much more thrilling to do this knowing that I am not alone, that someone else is doing it with me and that we can meet up later to share stories :)

Another alternative would be to do something I posted in the Inspiration Thread, where one person does something first, and then the other has to repeat it in exactly the same way...Which should then work as an incentive for the one who goes first to be a little more brave :)

Anyway, thanks for participating Maria, you know I loved this a lot, hee hee.

And I like the way you put it about my imagination Shoshana! It is probably my best "tool" to make my adventures seem like "real accidents", at least in my head. If I manage to force feed myself thoughts like "I don't know where the nearest bathroom is" or "I can't squat cause someone will see me" or "I can hold it til I get home", it just feels so much more real and it's an incredibly turn on! That said I am just as scared every time I am outside with a full bladder ^_^

