A Bladder Hold from a friend and me

Author: sporty-omo

*000*2013-04-28 09:26

So here we go. My very 1st Omo story of an experience. I hope it'll be ok for you all. I've been wanting to go into authoring so to be honest I wanted to be treated like I've been writing for a real long time. Don't treat me like a newbie please. I need to be criticised even on the slightest things

So anyway I had a proper Omorashi experience. I was talking with a friend last night on the internet who we both pretty much call each other brother and sister. Now I'm not going to name her by her real name. She actually has an online name that everyone calls her by known as Shiloh. She was wearing a Black choir dress, white bra, pink underwear, tan coloured tights, and black dress shoes. The reason for the black choir dress was because she was at her High Schools graduation play.

For if anyone was curious about me I was wearing my pj's at the time. White top, Grey Family Guy bottoms that had Stewie on them and black underwear

So yeah at around 9:30pm GMT I asked her if she needed the bathroom. She said she was good at the moment. I asked her if she made it back home ok as last night she was needing to pee then and she said she was desperate but managed to hold it and get to a bathroom without leaking. I asked her if she had to hold on how much longer could she cope. She said probably for only 5 more minutes before she would've leaked. At around 10:00pm I asked her if she started to need the bathroom and she said she was feeling it just a tiny bit but she was going to let it out as she doesn't want to risk wetting herself while on stage. I however edged her on in saying "Your bladder won't suddenly get that full now will it? I'm sure you can cope. I believe in you sis". 

She said to me she'll hold on till she gets home which would be another 4 hours. I was then thinking to myself she'll probably be bursting and leak. She very soon had her choir performance so I didn't hear from her for another half an hour. Which then during that time I started to feel my own bladder telling me about its own urgency. I didn't need to go that bad but I noticed it. But as I asked her to hold it in I thought it would only be fair if I held it too. Besides I've never done a proper hold before. I told her about it and she thanked me for going through with it with her. I asked her if she was desperate yet and she said she could definitely feel it now but she wasn't desperate just yet. But then she told me some bad news.......

No she hadn't wet herself or leaked......Hope I got you.....But she told me she had another Choir Performance to do so she said she wouldn't be back home much before midnight her time which is like 8 hours behind me. I asked her to hold it till she got home but now I knew if we were to both hold on we would both cause our bladders to explode. She said if we should just go to the bathroom but I said to her to try holding on till it was 1:30pm. By this time it was midnight for me to she would be holding on for another hour and a half. She said she'll definitely leak but chance of wetting was 70%. I thought that was high but I asked her to hold it till then. 

She actually then said she'll do it. I asked her how bad she needed to go. She said not that bad. But now I was in a little bit of trouble. I was getting a little desperate like probably a 7 on the 10 scale. I wasn't needing to cross my legs or hold onto myself as I don't really like using aids. Racing games I turn off traction control completely, no brake aids, racing line off etc. So yeah I was to just hold on with my bladder muscles. I knew I was really good with holding on. I've not wet myself personally since I was like 1 or 2 years old. and I learned how to use the toilet at a very young age

I had forgotten to ask her what she was wearing at the time and due to her knowing how curious I always was (My curiosity is really high as some people will already know ;) ) she willingly told me and in my response, knowing she was a Christian so I didn't want to disrespect her too much I said to her "Seems like you have a very nice attire on". I would've said sexy but she may have gotten a little annoyed. I also said now I wished I could see her wearing that. I did regret saying that a little bit to my amazement she actually joked around with me saying that with saying "You might someday". I laughed a large amount and almost leaked. 

Thankfully I didn't but I had to grab myself to have any hope with holding on. Thankfully nothing came out. I asked her if she was holding on ok and thankfully she was but she was now desperate and she leaks rather easily from that point so I edged her on saying she only has another 17 minutes until 1:30am GMT. She said she'll try and she was now having to cross her legs. I asked her if she was holding onto her pee-hole but I said "personal area" so then I didn't sound sexual towards her and she said she wasn't but wished she was doing it. She couldn't do it due to the amount of people around her and that they would see her as weird if she did that

She managed to get to 1:30pm but we were both desperate. I felt I could go on for another half an hour and so asked her how she was doing. She said she was very desperate now and having a little trouble holding it all in. she said she was about to leak and was nearly at bursting point and to be honest I was going to be there soon myself. Before I noticed it was nearly another half an hour and was about to get to 2:00am GMT. It was only 5 more minutes and I asked her to try her very best. she was already now at bursting point but she said she'll try for me. I was soon at bursting point and was squirming in my comfy bed. when it hit 2:00am I asked her if she was still holding it all in. But just before it hit that time she leaked some pee. she said it wasn't too bad but now she really needed a bathroom. 

By the sounds of it she was about to wet herself but I didn't want her to do that unless she wanted it to happen. She had not wet herself personally since she was 14 and she had to hold on during the entire school day at middle school due to the toilets being so dirty. She asked me "Can I go for a wee please? I'm about to wet myself". I was amazed she was still holding on. I said to her she could go at 2am but after another 5-10 minutes she still held it wanting me to let her use it. I then said to her "I said you can use it as soon as the time gets to the next hour. Quick get to a bathroom before you end up wetting yourself". I hoped she had made it as she still had a 2nd performance to do and thankfully she had made it. But her bladder was hurting. I did feel sorry for her. But at least she made it.

Soon I went to the bathroom myself and peed for 2 full minutes. I was rather relieved that I made it as telling my mum what had happened would've been a definite no-no. None of my real-life friends or family knows of my Fetish so I didn't want them to know. I went back to my phone afterwards and asked her if the pain was still there. Thankfully it had gone down. But now I was really tired and decided to call it a night. By then it was real close to 3am which by then she was about to start her 2nd performance and was 7pm for her. we did our usual emoticon hug and I wished her luck with her performance......Forgetting wishing luck for a performance is bad luck.....I said to her that I hope she slept well too. I then put my phone away and went to sleep

So there's the conclusion to my 1st ever Omorashi story. I welcome any criticism as like I said before the start of the story I want to become an author so it would help. Thanks in Advance "The Sporty-Omo ;)

*002*2013-04-28 10:49

Thanks Gemmy. Probably would've gone all the way if I knew no1 would know I did it. To be honest I wanna just try it. I'm glad you liked it though :)

*004*2013-04-28 18:25

Yeah. I missed a few of them as I was talking to my friend via the internet and she was somewhere else at the time. So she would sometimes not feel desperate at all and then the next message she was starting to become rather desperate. If obviously she was with me I would've been able to tell you everything but sadly she wasn't near me and I only knew how she felt with what she was telling me

*006*2013-04-28 20:59

Thanks Satin. Glad you liked it :)

