My Girlfriend's Sister wet her pants

Author: anthonyw40

*000*2013-05-25 02:47

My grilfriend and I took a trip of the holidays and we met up with her sister whom is pretty slender, blonde hair, pretty good looking, and at the time in her late 20's. She was wearing a really nice pink top and tight fitting jeans. She really looked pretty hot that day... anyhow my girlfriend smokes and her sister does not. As a matter of fact she really can't stand the smell of the smoke at all.

Well any how we were picking her sister from work and it was getting kind of late, but the sun had just only set. My girlfriend was just talking away to her and did not realize that she just blew a huge cloud of smoke in her sister's way. Her sister started choking and gagging and then she started to pee her pants uncontrollably. There was a big puddle below her and a small stream of pee trickling down the street. After all that she yelled, " Look what you have done.... Great, I just peed my pants! "

I just said " Oh my god " and shook my head.

Mind you, that we are still in the downtown part of the city and cars are going by seeing it all.

Inside me, I was really excited and going wow what a turn on!

Well I had to take her home like that, but my car was only 2 years old and I told her that she needed to put a towel down before sitting down. She did, and we drove toward her house. We were gettting near and she told me to pull into this strip mall that had a liquor store at it. I was pretty shocked in her state that she would want to be in public with completely soaked pants.

I said, " Are you sure you don't want to change first before going out like that?" and she said "No it's fine... I am okay with it."

Personally I was really excited to see a girl just going out in public soaked with out a care in the world.

Well we went into the liquor store and she got some rum for some rum and cokes later on.

Finally we got back to her place and she still was in her wet jeans. She said she wanted a hug since she had not seen me in a long while. We hugged and I slipped a hand on the pants that were wet... wow... how exciting.

We then had some rum and cokes and talked for a bit. After talking she finally decided to change out of her clothes and into some pajamas. She went into the bathroom, took a shower, and changed into her pajamas. We were supposted to spend the night there before see my girlfiend and her sister's mom. I decided to get changed in the bathroom next before going to bed. When I was in the bathroom, I noticed that she had left her wet pants and panties on the floor. I could definitely see that her white cotton panties were yellow stained. I could also smell the wet clothes there too. To this day I was not sure if she was just careless or left them out for me to see since I did mension to her that I was going to get changed after she got out.

BTW, this is a all very true event and wished that I had a camera on me too.... what a night!

