What would you like to see

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-08-16 11:50

Hey guys and gals, as some of you may have noticed ive started posting my experiences as they are happening in the Live Omorashi thread.

Im posting these events for you guys to enjoy so my question to you all is - "what would you like to see". Basically comment below with things you would like to see me do, im very open minded and will try most things (within reason).

Comment and let me know as many of the following as you like -

What you want me to wear What you want me to do Where i should do it Any role-play situations you would like to see What and how much i should drink Any other things you can think of

Any suggestions i receive i will decide whether i am up for doing it then i will add to a list and then when i get the chance i will work my way through the list. The plan is to post each experience as they happen in the live thread so if you make a suggestion it will eventually end up in there so keep your eyes peeled.

Hope to hear from you guys with some good suggestions :D

Gemmy xx

*008*2012-08-17 08:12

Thanks for the ideas guys, they've all been added to my list (which my bf keeps adding to) so i have plenty of stuff to do....keep the suggestions coming, just reading the scenarios is making me aroused (especially Maria's when she mentioned playing with myself :p)

*009*2012-08-17 08:19

{{:

Pretty much none. I'd suggest a situation where you're tied to a chair and have to pee. If you don't like that, then pretend you're busy with something and you're too lazy to go to the bathroom.}}

I've added both these to the list....i am going to do one where im busy working on something and my boss wont let me leave till its finished, then another one where i am tied to a chair....i had to add both as they both sound good :D

*011*2012-08-17 17:31

{{:

Maybe a little bet with someone. Play a game of hide-and-seek. Neither participant can go to the bathroom until the hider has been found, and for every 15 minutes that go by, the seeker drinks a pint, while the hider has some water with them, and have to drink some everytime they hear/see/the seeker comes near their hiding place.

Or maybe an idea I saw in Bea's thread. For 24 hours, set the toilet off limits, or require yourself to pee in a different place every time you have to go for a certain amount of time.

Maybe if you have a video game or something, play a water-drinking game with it, which works really well if there are collectibles. Like, everytime a certain number of collectibles are found take a drink. With something with a lot of unique collectibles, like Kid Icarus: Uprising, maybe pick a certain "lucky" collectible. If that comes up, either drink more than usual, or that's the only way you're allowed to go for relief

Having the mind of a video game omo-perv has it's advantages.

}}

All ideas have been added the list :D I'll have a look for a good game to use....thanks for the suggestions :D x

*013*2012-08-17 17:40

{{:

If you give me a list of games you could try, maybe I could help suggest a system for them?

}}

Ive already figured that detail out :)

*015*2012-08-17 17:43

{{:

I know I already said that you know what I like, but I'd like to throw an idea into the hat for you hunny :D

You could wear a schoolgirl outfit - a fitted white button-up shirt, a school tie (loosely), a white bra underneath (maybe a lacey one :p), a tight mini-school skirt, and some cutesy knickers underneath, knee- or thigh-high socks/stockings Hold on, drinking at your water - maybe even having a holding contest with someone, trying to go whole day at school without going for a wee (and you know who that other person could bea ;) ) Could be stuck at your desk in class, or even walking home from somewhere distant - I don't know if anyone in public would mind seeing you as a schoolgirl during the summer holidays ;)

Either you're stuck in detention or class, maybe even coming home from school Knowing you, you could drink lots and still not need to go so it could be lots of water, but the other person in the contest would have to hold it too - if you both made it home from school in time and still holding on you could both do challenges and things together and see who holds out the longest (and sexual things are definitely on the menu in this case ;) ) Maybe have a time you have to hold until once you get home, or even start by holding your morning wee :D I hope this helps you sweetie, let me know if you want any more ideas :) xxx}}

Thanks Bea.....from this ive added about 7 things to the list :p.......i want as many ideas as you can think of :D

*017*2012-08-17 17:50

{{:

How about this. Hold your morning Wee (peeing the night before or not is optional)

And have Matty set up a little scavenger hunt (like those cheesy TV ones) where one clue leads to the next, and your ultimate goal is to get a key or some object so that they'll let you use the loo.

For added fun, every clue is accompanied by a pint of water maybe.

}}

Loving this idea......im sure matty would have fun with it too :p *adds to list*

*019*2012-08-17 18:01

{{:

Since I seem to be on a roll, here's another little game challenge.

Assuming it would be a relatively even match, maybe play an arcade game like Tetris. For every line (or certain score increment) you or a challenger gets, you drink a pint.

You have to hold either for a certain number of games, or until you beat the challenger's score 2 out of 3 times.

Doesn't have to be Tetris, just a game with a scoring system easy to break into increments.

}}

You are on a roll :p ive added this to list :D

*021*2012-08-17 18:20

{{:

*thinks hard*

*lightbulb*

Here's an idea hun - make a playlist of desperation and wetting videos, and have regular drinks at 20min intervals. You are only allowed to hold and squirm and such when the girls in the videos do :p however, you have to hold on as long as you can, whilst they can repeatedly empty their bladders :D Just mirror their actions, even as they wet you have to mimic them doing what they do :) x

}}

Great idea...its been added to the list :D

*023*2012-08-17 18:40

{{:

Here's a fun little idea.

Watch a Micheal Bay movie, and take a drink for every loud explosion or flashy collapse/destruction/smash. Or anytime you deem the camera work to be terrible.

}}

Hee hee, if i did that i would never stop drinking :p

