My girlfriends public accident

Author: Sol

*000*2012-12-20 19:45

After her initial introduction to wetting (see my first post), my girfriend Katie really keen to experiment with all aspects of my fetish. She even tried diapers, bedwetting, wetting in public and roleplay. I have many stories to tell, but I will start with one of my favourites, a couple of really daring accidents in public.

These accidents happened in July this year, while I was on vacation with Katie in Italy. She was 22 years old, medium height, nice body with lovely perky small breasts and a super cute face. While we were on vacation the European Soccer Championships were in its final stage. There were public screenings of the final two matches on the little square in the center of the little town we were staying in. Italy went all the way to the final, so a lot of people turned up, many people just sitting on the cobblestone on the ground. 

My girlfriend is not super interested in soccer, so we had a few drinks in the apartment we rented before we walked into town to watch the semi-final. She was wearing a blue lace top, a short striped black and white skirt and cute grey panties. When we arrived at the square, we could barely squeeze into a tiny spot on the ground near the front. While she kept our spot, I went into a little shop to buy some beer. She was already a little drunk before the match even started and we were both enjoying the great atmosphere. I took notice that the only toilet near us was in a little cafe, and there was a line forming there regularly. This could be interesting!

We both kept drinking during the first half, and when halftime came Katie whispered to me that she was really desperate to pee. No wonder, she had by now had maybe 4 beers in a couple of hours. She was not the only one who got that idea, and as she got up to use the bathroom I could see a big line was forming. I expected her to wait in line, but she returned quickly with a cute smile.. She whispered to me "I could not be bothered to wait in line. But I am sooo desperate to pee, I might have an accident before the game is over! I want to see how long I can hold it!" She could have easily stood in line for 5-10 minutes, but wanted to play a naugthy game with me.. I went to get us a couple of more beers.

During second half, we both finished our drinks, and I noticed that Katie was getting more and more desperate sitting next to me on the ground. "I am really worried that I am going to wet myself before the game is finished". she whispered. I could detect both excitement and fear in her voice now. Wetting herself where we were sitting would be really embarrassing. It would be impossible to hide as we were sitting shoulder to shoulder cramped together on the tiny square. If she lost it, she would not be the only one who got wet..

Italy won the game, and people went nuts. There was also a big rush for the bars, including the toilets. We were among the last to stand up, and Katie whispered to me "We have to find a place to pee, now!" She grabbed my hand and she pulled me along as she practically went running down one of the small streets filled with football fans. I knew we wouldnt find a toilet without a line, so I was really curious to see what she had in mind. She quickly pulled me into a tiny back alley and looked around nervously. 

"I am going to wet myself! What am I going to do?" She realized that everyone passing on the street could easily see her, so pulling down her panties was not an option. She quickly decided to find a more secluded spot, and grabbed me again. She kept a quick pace, leading me further down the narrow street. She did not bother keeping her need to pee a secret now, as she was constantly pulling my arm, saying "I am going to pee my panties!" in her super cute but now pretty anxious voice. She was teasing me, but I knew she was close to having a big accident in the middle of the street.

At the end of the road was the beach. There was a busy promenade on the edge with restaurants and shops. She could probably have ran into one of them to ask for a toilet, but instead we walked across the beach to the sea. We were only 20 meters from the busy road, and there were lots of people even closer on the beach. It was quite dark by now, so I dont think anyone had any idea of what was happening. We paused as we finally were a few meters away from the closest walking couple. She pulled me close so we were embracing "I cant hold it much longer, my bladder really hurts!" 

My hand carefully found its way up under her skirt. I didnt want anyone to see us either. I touched her panties, they were still dry. And then it happened. With a great sigh of relief she started to wet herself. "I couldn´t hold it" she whimpered as pee drenched her cute panties while I was touching her. She was soaked in seconds. Still embracing, I felt the pee run down her bare legs and with a larger stream just poring directly on the ground from her wet panties. While she peed we kissed and I softly touched her trough her soaking wet panties. We stood like that for a while, letting out a few smaller spurts after the big stream.

When she was finished, she seemed really relieved and happy. With soaking wet underwear she decided she wanted to eat at one of the restaurants before going home. During dinner she said "I think I could have held it a little longer, but I holding it was just so uncomfortable!" As we walked back to our apartment, I was happy to see a big round wet spot on the back of her short sexy skirt. She had been sitting in her wet panties the whole time and was not shy to show off her sexy wet bum to anyone who cared to take a look.. I was already looking forward to the screening of the final later that week! But that is for another story!

Hope you enjoyed reading, I certainly enjoyed writing it down :)

