A little wetting and a big one

Author: Lustful Loki

*000*2014-04-21 08:28

Today was quite a day. I got back from a road trip feeling really horny, so I immediately went to my room to have some fun. I stripped down to just my underwear and pulled out my vibrator. The underwear I had been wearing at the time had been on it's last legs, so I decided to give it a final salute goodbye. I put my vibrator against my clit and relaxed. I started wetting almost immediately and I switched on my vibrator. I masturbated as the rivulets of piss ran down my thighs and onto the hardwood floor of my bedroom. Normally I wouldn't piss in my dorm, but I was just so horny! I orgasmed and finished wetting all over the floor, rubbing myself to feel the after shocks. It was really hot, but it wasn't enough to sate me, so I made a plan.

I drank several glasses of water, and lay down to take a nap (which i needed). When I got up, I already had to piss really badly, but I wanted a more full bladder, so I got up, drank another glass of water, and got on here for a little while. When I started to get really desperate, I put on the jeans I was planning to wet, curled back up on to my bed, and watched some videos of people peeing. Every splash in the videos made me have to piss even more, and soon, I decided it was time.

I wrapped a towel around me and grabbed my vibrator; it was time for round two. I stepped into the shared bathroom in my dorm and hurried into the shower stall, trying desperately to hold my piss in. Standing had made me even more desperate, and for a moment, I was worried I would have a real accident

When I got in the stall, someone came into the bathroom to piss. It was a man and he was tall enough to see over the stall wall of the shower (the badly designed stall only has walls that are 6 feet tall). I voyeuristically wished that he would look into the stall and see me. I was only wearing a pair of dark jeans, my tits were bare and my nipples hardened from being so horny. My hair was all messy masturbating and napping, and I was clutching my vibrator in my hand. What a sight I must have been. Sadly, he didn't see me, and just left.

As soon as the door closed behind him, a small stream of piss squirted into my jeans. I gasped with need and arousal and shoved my vibrator down my pants (thank goodness it is waterproof). I turned it on and let go a little. Piss leaked out of me as I masturbated, and I came hard. When I finished masturbating (for the fourth time since I got home), I let go completely and soaked myself.

My pee spurted out of me and it felt heavenly. It streamed all the way down my left pant leg, soaking it, and then my right (after I adjusted). I must have pissed for a full minute; I had been holding so long that I just couldn't stop. The shower stall's floor was a huge puddle of slowly draining piss, and my feet were splashing around in it. When I was getting close to done, I pulled my pants down a little and let the piss splash around my legs. I like to watch the stream as it flows from my pussy into the pants and saturates them.

As the last droplets of piss dribbled down my legs, the door to the bathroom opened again. I quickly turned on the shower to wash away the piss, but I couldn't wash my jeans because it made a noticeably different sound than water on skin. I stood there, blushing furiously, in piss soaked jeans, in my dorm bathroom as someone did their business on toilets. It was super scary. I was worried they would notice the smell of piss or see me or something. They left with no comment, and I finally was able to clean up.

I took the shower head and rinsed off my pants. At one point, I put the shower head down my pants so I could feel it run down my jeans like piss, and it felt amazing. After my jeans were clean, I peeled them off and hung them on a handrail in the shower. I showered and washed my body before gathering everything and hurrying back to my room. After that, I did a load of laundry and masturbated one more time.

Thanks for reading! Leave a suggestion for me, how should I wet myself next time?

*002*2014-04-21 15:02

Thank you, that is a good one!

*004*2014-04-22 03:16

Oooo that is perfect. I like to lift weights, which requires a level of strain that would make wetting super easy.

*006*2014-04-22 04:08

That is a good one. Especially fun when you contort yourself to those positions where your legs are spread wide open. ;)

*008*2014-04-22 08:45

That you do. i haven't done yoga in a while.

I could do a double wetting, first with weight lifting and then with yoga! Perfect!

*011*2014-04-22 21:12

It would be a lovely private gym session. XD

When I use my vibrator, it actually makes it harder for me to piss, so that might not work.

*013*2014-04-22 23:02

If I ever get the chance to do it, I will let you know. Or just post it XD

*015*2014-04-23 07:28

Not really, it would probably be best to just do the exercises, those positions would definitely make me desperate.

*017*2014-04-23 14:32

I bet jumping jacks would do it. XD Thanks for the suggestion.

*019*2014-04-23 16:07

Yeah, or the machine where you open and close your legs against weights? That one would be really good for holding.

*021*2014-04-23 16:22

That is true, I don't have that equipment at home, and I couldn't actually have an accident at my local gym. That would be awful. I think, of my at home options, situps would be the best. All that bladder squeezing. ;)

*023*2014-04-23 16:36

I bet, I bet. I won't. I rarely wear them anyway.

I think it would be hot to do it wearing clothes, but also doing it naked. Then, if you did it in front of a mirror, you could watch the piss leak out of you every time you sat up. It would be so hot. Really, I just like piss in all forms though. xD

