Can I just pee already?!

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2015-04-15 02:23

Yesterday I was at work and it was really busy. I was really happy to see things picking up at work as the beginning of this year has been pretty slow :P I had my coffee and water this morning and I had to open the store alone. I peed first thing when I got into work to avoid any urgency, or at least I thought it would have avoided that....

An hour into the day and I started to feel an urge to pee. But I knew I could hold it. I just told myself to keep focusing on conversation with people.

About an hour and a half later and they store was pretty busy. I couldn't keep up with greeting everyone while assisting customers. PLUS I HAD TO PEE. The want had become a need and I was on the edge of bursting. I decided that I would ask the store next door to lend an employee to watch my store for a minute for me to take a pee break, but the phone rang!! It was my manager who was meant to be in relatively soon. I was excited to hear from her until she said she would be another 45 minutes. I told her my situation of needing to pee and she said I couldn't ask another store to watch our store. I was terrified. I was going to pee myself if I didn't ask SOMEONE to PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!! I would have had asked someone next store but of course there are cameras that would tell the truth of what happened so I was stuck in this situation.

Once I got off the phone I got myself back together and started talking to a couple who had walked in while I was on the phone. As we were talking I started to shift from side to side. The knew what was up. After a few minutes the woman asked "Hey....are you okay...are you needing to....pee...?" I looked at her stunned! She said it! I NEED TO PEE!! I looked at her and just said "Yes." She offered to watch the store but I told her I couldn't leave the front of the store and that my manager would be in soon (still about 45 minutes!!!!!). I managed to force myself to stand still while they were still in the store to avoid her bringing up my need to pee again.

About 15 minutes later and this was it. I called my manager and said "Can I please ask someone next door to just watch the store for a minute so I can pee?" Once again the answer was no and that she would be in shortly. I explained the urgency but she was still against it. So I hung up just horrified of what was about to happen.

Once I got off the phone someone asked me if we had a picture frame in a navy blue. I told them yes we did but it is in the backroom. Just then I realized 'Oh my gosh this is it!!!!' There is a drain in this backroom hall. So I slipped back to find this navy blue frame. Once I had the door closed to the room I pulled my underwear off from under my dress and let it go!!! It was glorious. Probably too loud....


But I didn't care. I was in a rush to get the glorious pee over with (EVEN THOUGH THIS FELT FREAKING AMAZING!!!!) and get that darn picture frame to this customer!!! As I peed I even was peeing too fast for the drain to keep up. The floor was flooding some and soon I stopped as I felt enough of a relief a good way through.

I got the picture frame in hand and when I opened the door to the back room my manager was right there! She asked me why I wasn't on the floor and I showed her that I was getting this picture frame. She took it for what it was and let me get it to the customer. I'm so glad it worked out well as after I dealt with that customer I then looked at my manager and said "Can I pee now??" and she said yes.

*007*2015-04-23 18:53

{{ 

Well done, you dodged the wet pants bullet by being smart.

}}

Have to point out I was wearing a dress so it would have just been a puddle at my shoes haha! :D

