Today In my Friends Car

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-05-27 03:01

Today I was hanging out with my (very close) friend Dan. We were hanging out in my backyard most of the day and having some beers (small Memorial Day BBQ). So he had to go and pick something up from a few towns over for his brother, so he asked me to go with him and I did. I could feel I kind of needed to pee but decided to wait until we go back. Bad idea.

The alcohol went right through me as it always does, and not even halfway into the drive down the semi rural road, I was desperate.

So I tried to keep it from him as long as I could, because I was a bit embarrassed that I didn't just go at the house. But soon I had to sit on my heel and when that stopped helping, I found myself kind of rocking back and forth on it. So he noticed about then, and laughed at me because he knew i needed to pee, but asked if I did just to confirm.

I said, "Yeah, really bad. Could you stop somewhere?"

But there was nowhere to stop, so it was more or a rhetorical question. So he drove a little faster, but I started leaking, so I had to grab myself and I can promise you that the look on his face was 100% pure shock. So I was all defensive and said "Stop looking, you pervert!" and of course started blushing bright red. I finally managed to remove my hands from my crotch but there was a small wet spot that was visible on my shorts, so I told him I was really starting to pee myself and he had to stop somewhere.

So he pulled over to the side of the road and opened the both the doors on my side of the car and then stood in front of the gap between them to shield me so I could pee. I pulled down my shorts and It came gushing out onto the pavement and made a huge splashing sound, and I must have sighed a little with relief because he started laughing again. When I finally finished all he said was "Damn, for such a small girl you have a big bladder." and we got back in the car as he started making "breaking the seal" jokes. So, that was that.

