Christmas Day sighting

Author: kochel428

*000*2016-01-04 17:03

Hi all, I wanted to come here immediately after I saw it, but with family in town and everything there just wasn't time. So here we are!

Christmas Day in NYC is pretty nice. It's not like the streets are empty, but the density is lower than usual and everybody is in a pretty good mood. My girlfriend's family was in town for the day, and we all went into Manhattan late morning for a show (I was playing in it, part of why they came to us this year).

The subway car we were on had maybe 20 people on it besides us, and her family and I all sat in a row on the bench, with me on the end. After we had been on the train for a few stops, a young-ish woman, obviously pregnant, got up from her seat across the car from me and to my left. I noticed this, but didn't think anything of it until I saw a puddle under her feet. Because I hadn't really been paying attention prior to that point, I assumed the puddle had probably been there before she was standing over it. I glanced at her face: she didn't seem distressed or nervous at all, she wasn't glancing down as one might to check the size of the puddle, if one were standing in a train car with people all around making that puddle.

Looking back down at her feet, the puddle was definitely bigger. And then I could see it trickling from under her dress, first running down her legs and then, clearly, a stream falling between her legs. The puddle grew and spread down the floor of the car. Crucially, though there was a row of people sitting directly in front of her, no one else seemed to notice.

The woman, her face never betraying a thing, finished what she was doing and returned to her seat, presumably feeling a damp squish between her legs.

I mentioned it to my girlfriend that night when we were finally alone, and she couldn't believe she had missed it. She suggested maybe her water had broken, but when I described how she reacted she agreed she must have been wetting herself and was just hoping no one would notice.

And that was my first sighting of an actual wetting! Crazy!

