Discovering my inner fetish

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-09-15 22:08

Lets go back to the year 2009.

Gaiaonline was in its golden years and I was browsing their forums. Clicking on one after the next post, my parents were out and my brother wasn't home from school yet. I just so happened to stumble across a thread about peeing in the woods, specifically by a woman.

Something changed inside of me. I read the original post over, and over again. Each time I read it I felt more and more...fluttery? No, that wasn't it. No matter how many times I read the possibly two lines of text my body swarmed into an indescribable heat. I shifted in my seat. Vigorously typing away, looking up one urination thread after the next. My curiosity turn from "peeing-exhibitionism" to desperation to full out pants wetting. I noticed my body reacted more to the wetting than anything. The recalling events and the act of holding it until one couldn't hold it any longer, voiding their bladder of all its contents made me feel really good.

Then I realized my bladder was soon also sore. "Just a bit longer", I thought to myself, "fifteen minutes is good". It was excruciating to hold it, my protruded bladder ached, at this point my insides must have sounded like an unoiled machine, permanently jammed. I found myself pacing.

Wait.

Why am I doing this?

Oh my god, I'm going to pee myself if I do this any longer!

I did promise myself though and it has been LONG time since I last had an accident. Maybe just a little bit? No! Absolutely not. Mom will find the wet pants and it'd be an interrogation right out of CSI. It then struck me! Why don't I just use an old pair of pants and chuck them? That's if I make it to my room. I hobbled to my room, down the hall, one hand pressed firmly on myself. Okay, finally, at my room. I disrobed both my clean pants and underwear to the side and rummaged to find an old pair of pants to relieve myself.

Relief...that sounds so good...A stream trickled uncontrollably down my leg. No! No! Panetto, control yourself! I hurried and put the old pants on. The tight coral capris dug into my hips and crotch, the material was light and stretchy. These were perfect for pants wetting.

Maybe I should drink a bit more, the more the merrier, right?

I think fifteen minutes turned into an agonizing hour, why am I doing this again?

But before I could change my mind the dam broke. I couldn't even make it to the bath tub. Thin first streams trickled down legs, rolling onto my calves into a small puddle onto the ceramic floor. t this point I was wetting myself full force, I moaned out loud relieving my hot pee onto the cold floor.A larger wet spot dampened my sex, growing and growing until it encompassed my entire front. I lightly touched the warm spot...I'm actually doing this.

Wait I'm doing this. My hand indistinctly were brought up to my sex, still wetting myself pretty hard. All this did was fill my cupped hands with urine. Finally the flow subsided and I looked down at the circumference around me, my pants were completely soaked. I looked down, sad and defeated. I couldn't even make it to the tub like I wanted to.

*005*2015-09-19 01:04

{{ 

AMAZING story1

P.S. I can't believe you managed to wet yourself on the first try. So many of us here (myself included) have trouble deliberately wetting even when we're filled to the brim.

}}

Thanks a bunch! I just thought it was my only chance to do it since I was alone. To this day I have no regrets.

{{ 

Nice story, I hope you post many more like it, when I first knew I was in to omorashi, I got off to reading experiences, now I wet and read experiences. It must have been awesome to start off like that, thank you for posting.

}}

Thank you for your comment! And I have plenty of more experiences to come. I hope you enjoy!

{{ 

That's so hot! I can't wait to hear about your next adventures!

}}

Thanks, friend! Believe me, there are plenty of more peeing escapades in the future.

