Unexpected birthday present from my girlfriend/wife - more than expected

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-07-26 20:25

I realize now that I've never given my girlfriend/wife a name in my stories of us. I guess I should do that, huh? For the sake of the stories I will call her Joy because she brings me much joy. That work? Good. We continue.

I mentioned before that after Joy decided to start wetting herself on purpose for me that it was a pretty rare, special ocassion, usually birthdays, holidays, etc. outside of when she had the sometimes true accident in between those deliberate wettings for me. In the last story she had one of those real accidents after band practice and showed me the results.

About a month later it was my birthday. Of course I wanted her to "have an accident" for me, as she called it. But I wanted to take it one step further - I wanted her to have that "accident" away from home, somewhere out in the world, somewhere more exciting to make it more interesting, as opposed to her just wetting herself in her bathtub again. After some begging Joy finally agreed but she had to approve the location and attire.

Since the chance of getting caught would be higher she would only agree to do it in a skirt so that it wouldn't be visible to anyone else and it had to be somewhere that was not extremely public. It was finally decided upon that we would drive to a state park just out of town and go for a long walk out in the nature trails and she would wear a slightly loose skirt that ended just above her knees and light blue bikini panties. The nature trails wouldn't be packed so she could have her "accident" when there was nobody else anywhere nearby, but we'd still be outdoors in a public setting. I prefer to see a wetting in pants or jeans, but beggers can't be choosers so I agreed.

We made our plans and the day arrived - technically the day after my birthday since we spent the day of with family. Joy was ready when I arrived to pick her up completed with a bag containing a change of panties, shorts, and some cleaning wipes in a zip bag to wipe herself off with. As agreed, she had not gone to the bathroom at all that morning so that she would get good and desperate.

We stopped and got donuts and coffee on our way out and then drove to the state park. We arrived about an hour later and started out into the woods on the trails. We chatted and talked but I could hardly keep my eyes off of her or my thoughts from drifting to our plans, which kept me constantly aroused and I had to frequently adjust myself in my shorts to try to hide my constant erection. We also drank from water bottles to both keep hydrated and encourage her need.

I knew Joy must be needing to pee soon since she confirmed she hadn't gone in the morning and we'd already had coffee and now water. My pulse kept getting faster. More than once when nobody was visible I pushed her against a tree, kissed her hard, squeezed her breasts, pressed my erection against her abdomen, etc.

We had been walking for over an hour and were well out into the park, far from any restrooms (only available at the main parking area around 2 miles away) when Joy said, "I know you've been really looking forward to this, but I really need to go back to the bathrooms."

"But you said you would wet yourself out here for me," I replied.

"I know," she said, "and I wanted to do that for you, but now..."

"What is it?" I asked.

Joy kind of bit her lip for a moment like she was thinking, then smiled and said, "Nevermind. I'm ok. Let's just keep walking, alright?"

I smiled back and we continued. Soon I noticed Joy press her hand into her crotch.

"What's wrong?" I asked playfully, "Gotta pee?"

She smiled at me and said, "I really do. I don't know how long I can hold it."

We kept walking and she kept holding herself whenever nobody else was around, which wasn't too often since we only saw a handful of people all day.

Soon Joy was walking slower and had a pained expression on her face. She stopped walking, crossed her legs and bent forward a little, and said, "I know I said I was ok, but I really think I need to go back to the bathroom."

"Why?" I asked, "There's nobody here, you can go now and then we'll head back so you can change."

She grimmaced and said, "And I would, but it's just that... well... I really need to do more than just pee."

"Oooohhhhhhh," I said.

"Yeah," she responded. "I thought I would just hold it, pee for you, and then do the rest in the bathroom when I went to change. But now..."

"How bad is it?" I asked.

She stood up and uncrossed her legs finally and said, "If we don't get back soon I'm going to have a real accident, put it that way."

"Ok," I said, "So we'll go back and then we can come back out and drink more water and do it later. No big deal, right?"

"Thank you!" she said and hugged and kissed me. "Let's go!"

So off we went, hurrying back towards the front of the park. Joy still held her crotch. But she couldn't walk as fast because of her need, either. And every few minutes she would have to stop and cross her legs to hold it in when a strong urge hit.

About halfway back she stopped, crossed her legs, bent a little, and asked, "How much farther?"

I said, "Another mile, I think," looking at our map.

Joy moaned at that response and said, "I don't know if I can make it another mile."

"So just squat behind a tree," I offered.

"Ugh. I'd really rather get to the bathrooms," she said.

So we continued.

A few minutes later Joy stopped walking, bent forward, holding herself, and said, "Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm sorry. I can't..."

I was behind her and as soon as she said that I bent down and then onto my knees where, with her bent forward like that, I could see the bottom inch or two of her panties. Before my knees even hit the ground I saw pee begin to cascade down her legs and straight down between her fingers onto the trail below her, splattering onto the leaves, as the dam burst. I automatically reached for my fly, unzipped my shorts, pulled out my penis, and began stroking. For at least 30 seconds the pee streamed and splattered, her pale blue panties turning dark blue everywhere I could see them.

WARNING: POOP NOW

And then suddenly the back of her panties started to bulge out slightly. She parted her legs a little more on wobbly knees, squatted a little bit more, and then the bulge just ballooned downward and expanded. I could hear the crackling noise as the poop spread in her panties. I moaned and began cumming onto the leaves in front of me. It made splattering noises not unlike Joy's pee had seconds before. I grunted involuntarily in time with my orgasm as Joy's panties slowly stopped expanding.

She slowly stood up a little and turned to face me, her face completely red. She stared at me as I knelt there, my penis in hand, still dripping a little cum. She said, "I'm sorry. I didn't plan for that to happen. But you seem to have enjoyed it anyway..."

I put myself away and stood, wiping my hand on my leg. I grabbed her and hugged her and said, "I'm sorry. Yeah, I did enjoy that, too. I'm sorry." I tried to kiss her but she was unresponsive, obviously not turned on or amused at all by pooping her panties.

She said, "I really want to go clean up now."

"Sure, sure," I said. She waddled slowly the rest of the way to the bathrooms, me by her side, not saying a word.

I waited for her outside the bathrooms for close to half an hour while she was inside cleaning up. When she came back out she wanted to go to the car. I gave her the keys and said I was going to go back up to the bathroom myself before we left and she stayed in the car.

When I got to the bathrooms I looked and since nobody was around I went into the ladies room and, as I expected, was able to find Joy's panties in the handicapped stall under a small layer of discarded paper towels. I carefully pulled them out and examined them curiously. She had evidently dumped the poop into the toilet, but the brown stain was quite large and they were wet halfway up both the front and the back. I couldn't help but stroke myself off again, using the panties to catch the cum as best I could.

I then hurried and left the ladies room, used the mens room, and went back to the car.

Joy didn't want to talk much the rest of the day, though I did managed to get out of her that she had not pooped herself since she had been potty trained and was thoroughly disgusted by doing so now and had no desire for it to ever happen again and that she was, honestly, a little put off that I had been turned on by it. So I let it drop and never brought it up, though I do still enjoy it. I just have to get my fix from the internet instead of in person.

Thankfully, she didn't stop wetting herself on purpose for me, she just does so under controlled conditions and makes extra sure she doesn't need to poop first!

