Friends desperate at the movies

Author: Zazzerdar

*000*2013-04-21 17:21

This story is like five or six months old :P I’ve had it on my computer forever.

Me and my closest friends (Who will be called Chloe, Aurora, and Becca for privacy purposes), being the childish girls we are, went to go see Rise of the Guardians for my birthday. As a treat, Becca treated us all to extra large Dr. Peppers.

The first, say, forty minutes of the movie went wonderfully. But that far in, of course Aurora's rapid sipping of her favorite drink had an effect. I first noticed when my friend, who was known for her concentration skills, seemed to get distracted. Aurora squirmed in her seat, tapping one foot.

At first, I was so busy watching Aurora, I didn't notice, Chloe, who was squirming pretty hard with her legs crossed.

Now it was towards the end of the movie. Aurora was trying to play it cool, as she was right in between me and Becca, but I could see her occasionally grip her crotch. Chloe was completely ignoring the fact that I was right beside her, she grabbed the crotch of her faded jeans with both hands, bouncing her thighs up and down. Finally, tired of holding it, Chloe got up and headed for the bathroom. Aurora got up to follow her.

"Guys, there's only like, five seconds left, please wait." Becca whisper begged. Aurora groaned and sat down, Chloe went back to her seat, but didn't sit down completely. The second the movie ended, both of my desperate friends shot up and ran to the bathroom. Becca and I were close behind. Becca and I enter the bathroom just in time to see Chloe groaning at the long line.

Aurora doesn't seem too bothered, but I can tell she still has to go. The red head was shifting her legs enough that I could tell she couldn’t wait much longer. The line was moving slowly, as it was mostly little kids and their mothers. Chloe was obviously uncomfortable, and I could tell it took all of her strength not to grab her crotch.

Five minutes later, we were still in line. Chloe was biting her lip, rocking on her heels, and when she thought nobody was looking, squeezing her crotch. Aurora looked like she was about to cry. By the time it was almost Aurora’s turn, Chloe gasped. Becca and I looked at her, and she blushed. I noticed a small wet spot on her jeans.

Aurora rushed into the stall, hand crammed into her crotch. Chloe groaned slightly. She squirmed, arching her back so her head was against the wall. Suddenly, she froze. The wet spot grew so that part of her butt was wet as well. At that exact moment, a mother and her daughter came out of one of the stalls. Chloe rushed in, almost knocking the little girl over.

When my friends came out of the bathroom, the both looked flushed. I was kind of disappointed that they made it, but it was still a super fun experience.

