Promising Situations

Author: satyr

*000*2014-01-12 12:50

This topic's a bit of a tease. I wanted to create a thread about all those situations that seemed to be absolutely ripe for seeing some desperation or wetting, but ultimately ended up being tamer than one could have hoped for. Reading fetish boards one gets the impression desperation can be seen on every street corner, but that has unfortunately not been my experience. What follows is a series of true stories where anything could have happened, some did happen, rumors did go around, and a whole lot plausibly could've and maybe did go on that I didn't get to see. Unfortunately, I don't have anything involving orgasmic threesomes with wetting stunners, so if that's what you're looking for, go elsewhere ;)

To begin with, most of this involves the high school/university transition period, which was filled with both rituals and partying, and obviously drinking. To set the scene, here in Norway senior year of high school and the legal drinking age coincide: 18. Our graduation ritual—which centers around the period of May 1 to May 17 (our National Day) of senior year, actually the lead-up to final exams, not that that stopped us from partying—is called the russ celebration, and graduating students are also called "russ." It's kind of a last hurrah to adolescence: a mix of "adult" things (drinking and sex) and "childish" things (pranks and dares). And lots of partying. The main points, aside from partying:

Everyone wears russ hats and special overalls

(usually worn like pants) that are decorated with stickers and personal messages written by friends in permanent marker. You're supposed to wear them every day from May 1 through 17, without washing them. Disgusting? Maybe, but of course you change underwear, and everyone does it. Excitingly, this raises the stakes of an accident considerably: you don't want to go around for weeks in urine-stained pants, but washing them is also highly suspicious. Especially after everyone's got a few grass or dirt stains on them and lots of personal messages written all over, going around with them fresh out of the washer seems odd.

Little kids love to collect humorous "business cards" from russ, which usually contain in-jokes between friends and innuendo that goes over the kids' heads. There's also some hazing of the younger students, but this is usually rather innocent, or it gets handled rather seriously by teachers or even police when it gets out of hand.

Everyone gets their own russ nickname, usually a slightly embarrassing, but good-natured one chosen by friends. I was a shy nerd, so mine was a play on the word 6 (pronounced sex), which is the highest grade you can get (equivalent to an A). Suffice to say I got more six than sex. At the start of this period, the night leading into May 1, there's a "baptism" where people usually get handed their nickname and write it on their hat, then chug some kind of preferably alcoholic liquid.

Finally, pranks and dares. Every town has its own list, but there are many commonalities. Some are entirely innocent, like occupying a parking space on a tricycle, holding a serious conversation with a statue, or scrubbing the floor of a mall with a toothbrush. Some are naughtier, involving sex or alcohol. And those are much more exciting for our purposes! Obviously these are not officially sanctioned by the school, but chosen by the students themselves, and silently tolerated. Mostly you do them for fun, for the thrill of it, but you also get to tie tokens of your achievements to the knot on top of your hat, and if you complete enough of them, you get "elite" status and get to dip the tip of the knot in gold paint.

One of our dares was to drink an entire case of beer, cider or alcopop. Inside a phone booth. Without leaving until you're all done. This was a group assignment, but the size of the group is naturally limited by the size of a phone booth, where you can probably cramp in two or three people if you're lucky. This one's not strictly legal, as it's public intoxication, but only if you're caught, and in a small town there are few cops, and they practice leeway so long as the russ don't get out of hand.

A case is 24x0.33 liters, which is to say 8 liters or 2.1 US gallons of alcoholic liquid to be consumed in a cramped space with one or two other people, while being on the lookout for unwanted attention. I didn't do this one, but I know some did. This scenario could either lead to a lot of chugging and vomiting, or a more drawn-out, omorashi-friendly variant where the need to pee is sure to arise. Unfortunately, I never knew if anyone got desperate doing this, but I know of a trio of girls who completed the dare and who I would not expect either to be particularly good chuggers or holders. Whatever happened, if anything happened, remains between them.

Aside from this period in May, and academics, there was also other stuff going on during senior year. My class went on two separate school trips: one a skiing trip across the border to Sweden, the other, a trip to Oslo, our capital (a sixteen hour train ride for those of us who couldn't afford a plane ticket). This trip, official school activities ended on a Friday, and since most of us had turned eighteen, this meant we could stay on for the weekend unsupervised. Most chose to do so.

I was one of the few who did not, and I bitterly regret it. There are still stories going around from that weekend, one of the first times many of us had been on essentially a party trip unsupervised. The most pertinent one is about this one girl, let's just call her Anna. Anna, like many of us, was an inexperienced drinker. I was too afraid of being found out as a "pervert" to press for details, but it transpired that Anna had gotten royally drunk while wandering between the few eighteen-and-over pubs in Oslo. Towards the end of the night, she was desperate to pee. Unfortunately for her, the group she was with was passing through a public park with no bathrooms when her need reached peak intensity. Finally, giving up, she ripped down her panties on a park bench and let loose a gusher in full view of the strangers walking past.

Needless to say, her nickname was pee-related. And it was literally written on her head, since she had to write it on the brim of her hat. I met her again at a party this Christmas, more than four years later, and the story was still brought up. (Like always, I could only acknowledge, not press for further detail. By this time, I'd probably get the details from her if I asked, since it's ceased to be embarrassing and is now just a funny story. But Anna and I were never close, so it seems inappropriate.)

One of the things we missed out on, living in a more sparsely populated part of the country, were the massive meetups for russ being held further south. These are essentially one-day festivals, with all that entails in regards to limited toilet facilities. A lot of people save together for years to buy, decorate and deck out minivans or even outright buses specifically for this seventeen-day period, which are entered into contests at such meetups. Everyone (but the driver, one hopes) gets drunk and parties all night, in the bus and the festival area, then drive home the next day. I've read, and can imagine, lots of pants-wetting in these buses, but like I said, never got to go; it was just too far for a one-day trip, and we still had school during the week.

We did go to a smaller meetup in a neighboring town, but none of us had minivans, and those who had cars were drinking, so we had to take a public bus. On the way there, some people were pregaming by secretly sipping alcohol from sports bottles. The bus ride was only an hour and a half, but I did get to witness a little desperation. There was a girl on the bus with us, she was from the class below, so underage and not really supposed to be at the event, but she was a party girl and tagged along anyway. She sat a few seats behind me. Only a little bit out of town, she started complaining that she had to pee.

One of my friends, who fancied her and who I suspect was getting turned on by her desperation, kept encouraging her to talk about it, asking how much she had to go. There was nowhere to go, really: just a long stretch of road with very scattered houses between two small towns. Occasionally, the bus stopped for a few seconds to let someone on or off, but that was it. Most of us were going the same place. It's a notoriously bad road too: narrow and bumpy, squeezed between a mountainside and a cliffside into the sea, with lots of nasty turns. So bad, in fact, that they're building an alternate route and it will soon be illegal to drive on the old road, on account of the danger of rock slides.

Of course, I was getting turned on by this scenario this as well, but I couldn't see her from where I sat, only hear snatches of conversation. This girl was not shy, she probably liked being a tease, and she kept periodically saying things like, "oh god, I have to peeee" throughout the trip. But then again a lot of girls exaggerate their need. Finally, when we were getting to the outskirts of town, she asked the driver to stop at a gas station and got off there. The bus drove on, and I kept my eyes on her as she quickly strode towards the station. I suspect she really was getting desperate, because we were only ten minutes from our destination, but it would be a major inconvenience for her to get to where we were all going once the bus left her behind. The rest of the event, nothing of interest happened.

The night before May 17 is the grand finale of this ritual. The day after, Constitution Day, children and parents parade in the streets, and those graduating students not too hungover or tired run alongside them, handing out their "business cards" and blowing in whistles. But the night before, you party and you party hard. It is, after all, the final big, unified party for your graduating class.

After that, there's just a heavy exam period left and then everyone moves off to various parts of the country or even abroad over the summer. The group of people I was with decided to pregame outdoors before going to the town center. It was a fine May night, and this far north, it doesn't get properly dark at any point in mid-May. We walked to a spot in the woods where there's a little shack with only three walls, meant for picnicking. There we sat for hours just drinking, talking and laughing. Of course, during the course of drinking, the need to piss arises. We were in the woods, but it was a big clearing. The guys could just go to the nearest bush, turn their backs and whip it out, but the girls had to walk a ways to find some trees to go behind to get some privacy.

None of the girls wanted to go alone, much to my delight. This meant they had to publicly discuss their growing needs and arrange to go together, and as everyone was drinking different things at different rates, no one had to go quite at the same time. Those who could wait wanted to stay and talk to their friends, while those who had to go didn't want to be too much of a drag on the rest. I don't recall many specifics: after all, it was years ago, I was drinking, and peeing was hardly the main topic of conversation. But many variations of "Ooh, I need to pee. Let's go together." "No, I can wait, let's stay and talk some more..." were heard.

Mostly they went off after a while, but I got to enjoy it while it lasted, and it wasn't long until the need had arisen in someone else. There were these two cute girls who struck me in particular. They were best friends, and of course they had to go pee together. But the thing that sticks out is that they actually wore their overalls like overalls: most people wear them like pants, with the chest-covering part just hanging in front of the crotch and the suspenders on the sides. I'm not exactly into infantilism, but slight regression is right up my alley, and in contrast to everyone else, this move made these two girls instantly look more innocent, younger, while still obviously being eighteen-year-old women. And they were talking about how much they had to pee! Quibbling back and forth, when they were going to go. 

Finally, one of them couldn't take it anymore and dragged her friend away. Neither ended up wetting, at least not visibly, but I still sometimes fantasize about them in their overalls, reluctant to pee in the woods but clearly desperate to, and what might have happened.

That was also when I heard the only real rumor of a wetting that actually occured, according to the grapevine, but it was a guy, so it didn't interest me.

As for me? There was one time I got properly desperate. We were pregaming one place, then a girl I used to flirt with at the time came and dragged me along (with a few other friends) to her apartment. (In rural areas, lots of high school students have to move from home at 16 to attend high school.) To be honest, this was probably the girl I should have lost my virginity to, but I was too shy or too shallow. She had a great personality, very fun to be around, but she wasn't a stunner.

Had she been hotter or I bolder, it would have happened. Anyway, she got to see me desperate, but it was far more embarrassing for her. She got way too drunk and ended up hugging the toilet bowl puking her guts out before eleven o'clock had rolled around. I continued drinking beer, and finally I could take no more. There was only one bathroom, and she was in there, literally resting her head on the toilet bowl, looking very pale. The door was unlocked, so I stumbled onto her. "I gotta piss RIGHT NOW!" I told her. "Just pee," she mumbled, completely out of it. I wasn't about to pee in the toilet bowl with her head leaning on it, so I had to carry her out of there long enough for me to do the deed, then her roommate's boyfriend led her back in there after I was done. I wasn't the least bit embarrassed, really, since I had only taken a drunken piss in the toilet; she, however, got beet red when I brought up her, let's say, overconsumption.

The final scenario I'll mention happened a few years later. I've attended several universities, still haven't finished any real degree, just some year-long courses. I was in a new town, new university, and I hopped right into orientation hoping to meet some new friends. Our group was a mixed bag, some fresh out of high school, some, like me, into their twenties. University orientation, much like high school graduation, was mostly an excuse to party hard for two weeks. One night, we were doing a pub crawl. There were more than a hundred groups, I think, of around five to ten people each. Everyone in a group was tied together at the wrists, and that was how you were supposed to stay all night, linked together.

We had twenty-five pubs and clubs to visit. At each one, someone in the group had to take a drink, preferably more than one of us, of course. Various social clubs at the university ran quizzes or challenges at the different venues: a choir challenged people to sing a song to everyone in one pub, many clubs lazily opted to have people answer a few quiz questions on a slip of paper. When it was my turn to drink, it was the one and only night I tried out the torturous German schnaps called ratzeputz, but that's another story.

Anyway, you'd think this scenario would lead to some desperation, as people had to be linked together all night, mixed-sex groups, guys and girls together. And everyone was drinking, and everyone would have to pee. Unfortunately, in this instance, the scenario was a total disappointment. My group took the drinking extremely conservatively, being tired from partying the day before and planning to do it again later that week. Some groups were clearly getting drunk, singing loudly in the streets and really taking the whole thing seriously, some even dressing up in matching costumes, but ours did not.

The girls in my group decided to cheat and play "nice" by untying so only two girls had to go together to the bathroom, rather than drag the whole group, guys included into the girls' room. Which I suppose was strictly what you were supposed to do: there was an element of hazing involved although the emphasis was on fun. I'm sure there must have been desperation, shy girls not wanting to go with all the other people in the group and people more strictly following the one-for-all, all-for-one rule, but I didn't get to see any. 

I didn't even drink enough to have to pee until I got home; the only other guy in my group peed in a bush. He later became a good buddy of mine and once told me he'd gone home with a girl, slept with her, then ruined her mattress by wetting on it. She demanded he buy her a new one, or at least to have the old one cleaned, but he is a smooth talker and somehow got away with it. Another time, also drunk, he pissed the bed while I was sleeping in a bed directly adjacent. I'm not into male wetting, but maybe some of you will find it to be of interest.

Anyone else feel like sharing some situations, observations, experiences where you thought you were going to see some desperation or wetting, but which turned out to be tamer than you'd hoped for? I think there are lots more of those stories than the wildly lucky sightings. Personally I have never witnessed a grown girl/woman wet herself. (Closest is seeing pictures of friends on Facebook, which might possibly have been winks. And the aforementioned desperation.)

