Another Experience of Wetting

Author: BunnyButtons

*000*2013-08-10 01:29

Hey everyone :)

I have another little anecdote for you all with my personal adventures of omorashi :D

Last period, Physics. Always a good thing to have my favourite class last at the end of my week. I wanted to get out of my horrid uniform as soon as possible! And get some free Internet and entertainment at my friend S's house.

She's sitting at the row of tables to my right, so we don't distract each other, wearing the same uniform as me! Who would've thought xP

An hour of electrical equations that I obviously got all right and we were off to S's house; mischeviously packing clothes I brought that some of you guys requested as well as 2 other sets of clothes.

I'm bound to get carried away writing the whole nights events so here we are at 1am Saturday morning. We got bored of playing games on the computers so we decided to play one of our own games. Since we know each other quite well once upon a time we invented a game where we ask each other "did you know..." until one of us doesn't know what to say and the person who doesn't know has to do something stupid :P

When someone knew what was asked, like I asked S "did you know my name is Jess?" I would have to wear pink items of clothing she has or S would have to take a bite out of a gerkin, seems as we hate those things with a passion.

Here's how it went:

I started seems as I won last time: "did you know I eat muesli for breakfast now?"

S: "no! What's wrong with milo cereal?"

Me: "I got sick of it"

S: "huh.. Ok, sorry if I arouse you but I can't think of anything. Did you know I'm not matching?"

Me: "let's see: you didn't wear a singlet today and at lunch I could see your purple bra through your button seam and earlier I noticed you didn't pull your pants up properly and what I saw wasn't purple. Yes I did know! Eat up! Nom nom nom!"

S: "bitch!" She eats half of the gerkin we had on a plate.

Me: "did you know that.. Oh god this is hard!"

S: "what? Can't you think?"

Me: "I know exactly what to say but.. Are you open minded?"

S: "you know the answer to that!"

Me: "we'll the thing is.. You know about my knicker fetish right? It doesn't stop there.."

S; "hmmm!" She sounds quite interested.

Me: "well.. Fuck." I just blurt it out quickly. "I'm into omorashi!"

S: "what in the blue balls is that!?"

Me: "it is when one wets themselves on purpose"

S: "well, that is better than what I thought it was! I thought it would be some random Japanese male vs female thing."

Me: "so you're not disgusted?"

S: "no. I am quite interested really." A sly smile appearing on her face.

Me: "ok. Well if you want me to c

*002*2013-08-10 03:20

Ah shit. My ipod was being stupid and sent from here :L

The whole thing will be uploaded here soon :)

*005*2013-08-13 04:49

Ok guys. The rest of it is on my ipod but due to the misfortune to not having wifi anywhere near my house I can't upload the rest :( And as exams loom closer, and my Japanese teacher shoving assessment tasks down our throats I can't afford the time to traipse into a wifi zone!

So NEXT weekend, if it isn't stormy outside, you lucky sons of guns will get the omo part of the story ;)

Love, Jess xx

