Leggings Accident

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-10-11 20:49

Yesterday I needed to head into town as I had a few things to take care of. Shadow and my sister were working all day so I decided to make a day of it and go shopping once I had taken care of my errands. I caught the train and got there about half 10 and after an hour I had finished what I needed to do and planned out a route that would take me round my favourite shops and finish back at the station to get my train home. I walked down through the main stretch of town going in and out of shops casually looking round getting ideas for Christmas present ideas (early I know but I don't care cos I love Christmas).

I got to the shopping centre at the bottom of town about 1 o'clock and as I passed the open air coffee shop I suddenly felt hungry and decided to get some lunch. I got a sandwich and a cup of coffee and after I finished my sandwich I noticed some muffins on the counter so went to buy one and got another cup of coffee whilst I was there. I don't usually drink coffee but this place does the nicest coffee so I just had to have another cup. I ate my muffin and sat slowly drinking my coffee as I read the paper then when I finished I walked back through the shopping centre looking in all the shops.

By the time I came out of the shopping centre and started to walk back up through town I noticed my bladder starting to fill. Coffee always make me need to pee and coupled with the two cups of tea I had had whilst at home I wasn't surprised. I reached the top of the street and was facing the train station, but I wasn't going home yet. Just along the road was a big plaza which goes round in a big circle coming out at the back of the station and I wanted to look in a few shops on the plaza. After half and hour I was halfway round the plaza and was starting to feel a little desperate. I was enjoying the feeling of my bladder filling up and whenever I stood still to look at something I squeezed my legs together and jiggled slightly.

I caught a few people looking at me but I doubt they knew I needed to pee, I'm sure most of them were just looking at my bum wiggling. One guy even got caught by his girlfriend and frog marched off. By the time I got the end of the plaza I looked at my watch and noted my train wasn't for another 35 minutes. I contemplated going back into town but I couldn't be bothered. I decided that if I took a slow walk back to the station by the time I got there it wouldn't be too long to wait. Plus I’m a people watcher and can sit for hours watching the world go by so would just go sit on the platform.

I got to the station and felt quite warm so called in the travel shop and got a bottle of oasis. I went under the subway to my platform and the display said it was due out in 20 minutes. I opened my oasis and started drinking it to cool down. I finished it quite quickly and went over and put the bottle in the bin. I came and sat back down and put my earphones in and listened to my music. As I sat there I suddenly became aware of my bladder again. Walking to the station the feeling had subsided but now I was sat down I noticed how full it was. As I sat there it seemed to get worse and worse and my thoughts ran over those two big cups of coffee filtering through to my bladder and then thought about the bottle of oasis going on top of that. I subtly started wiggling as the feeling slowly got worse.

I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and saw my train pulling into the platform and watched as people got off and walked out of the station. I glanced up at the display and saw it was due out in five minutes. I stood up to go and get on it and as I did my bladder jolted and I had to stop and squeeze my thighs together. Now I was stood up I realised just how bad I needed to go. I was about 8/10 and my bladder seemed to be filling quite fast. I glanced over at the toilets located on the other platform but I decided to hold it. A because I was enjoying the feeling and B because I knew I wouldn't have time to go over to the other platform, use the bathroom and get back. I only had a few minutes until the train was leaving. I decided to see how long I could wait, see if I could make it home without peeing. The way I felt I was unsure If I would but at least if I got too desperate I could always use the toilet on the train.

I went over and got on the train. I walked down the carriage and sat at a table seat and settled in listening to my music. I stretched my feet out under the table and put them on the seat opposite and squeezed them together, wiggling slightly in my seat. A couple of minutes passed and an elderly woman got on and moved down the carriage and sat at the other end. There was nobody else in the carriage, the service isn't a busy one anyway and it hadn't hit the home time rush yet. This was good news for me, I could squirm around as much as I wanted without worrying about anybody seeing. The conductor got on and closed the doors then came down to me and asked for my ticket.

I showed him my pass and he went down the train. He was back a couple of minutes later which indicated the train wasn't that busy. We started pulling out of the station and from here it would take roughly 20 minutes to get to my village. By now I was feeling really desperate. I looked down the carriage but couldn't see the little old lady over the seats which meant she couldn't see me. I pressed my hand between my legs and pushed against my pussy clamping my pee hole shut. I could feel the wetness of my pussy caused by my full bladder pushing down on my g-spot and gently rubbed my hand against it. It felt so nice and was helping me hold on to my full bladder.

10 minutes passed and by now I was busting for a pee, the coffee was really hitting my bladder and I was squirming in my seat like mad. If I stopped squirming I would definitely start wetting myself. My legs were clamped round my hand pushing it down hard onto my pee hole, almost as hard as my bladder was pushing down on it. Waves of desperation were flowing through me and each one I had to concentrate on keeping my pee hole closed. A few minutes passed and a huge wave hit me and a small drip escaped into my knickers.

Only 5 minutes from my stop and then just round the corner to my house. I had to just keep holding. The train slowed down and came to a stop. I knew why, it always stopped to let an express to London come through but in my desperate state I had forgot. It usually stopped for a few minutes and the thought made me drip again. I knew now the chances of me making it home with dry knickers had rapidly reduced. It may only be a few minutes but it would be a long few minutes. I decided to play it safe and go use the toilet, that way I knew I would be safe and not wet myself.

I stood up and another drip escaped. I clenched my thighs together and walked down the carriage. The closer I got to the toilet the more my bladder pushed down on my pee hole as if it knew relief was near. I reached the door and pulled the handle to slide the door....but it didn't move. I tried and pulled harder but it wouldn't budge. The latch said engaged but I hadn't seen anyone go in. I looked round but couldn't see any sign indicating it was out of order. It was just locked. Why was it locked?. I didn't care why it was locked. All I knew I was stood there bursting for a pee almost wetting my knickers. I composed myself and walked back to my seat. I sat down and after a quick check round I slid my hand down the front of my leggings and into my knickers and pressed my fingers onto my aching peehole. It felt so nice. I squirmed like mad hoping I could hold on..

The express came thundering past and we started moving again. I felt like I was about to explode. I could feel the pee at the very tip of my pee hole threatening to burst out. All I had to do was make it to the station and outside then I could go pee in the alleyway across the street. I was shaking like mad holding it back. The train started to slow down and pull into my station and I thought I'd best stand up and go stand by the door. I reluctantly removed my hand from my knickers and as I did a leak escaped soaking the crotch of my knickers. I squeezed hard to stop any more coming out and went and stood by the door.

The train pulled into the station and I urged the doors to hurry up and open. Another leak escaped, my knickers were getting so wet. The doors finally opened and I stepped onto the platform. I waited until everyone had left the station and the train had gone. A huge leak escaped my trembling pee hole and this time soaked through my knickers and a wet patch appeared on the front of my leggings. Unfortunately they were grey leggings so it was very visible. I knew I should have worn a skirt. I put my bag in front of the patch to hide it and started walking. I went straight past the stairs. I knew If I tried to walk up them I would leak uncontrollably and completely soak my leggings.

I slowly walked up the ramp, stopping every few steps to gain control. A few more leaks escaped and the wet patch grew bigger. I finally made it to the top of the ramp onto the street. Unfortunately the ramp comes out just opposite my street but the alley I intended to go pee in is opposite the top of the stairs and there was no way I could walk up the street. I crossed over and headed towards my street. By now each step I took a leak escaped. My poor pee hole was aching and starting to give way to the flood.

I could feel the pee soaking down the inside of my thighs and round my bum. Luckily there was nobody around to see. I got to the bottom of my street and thanked god I lived right at the bottom. If I lived at the top of the hill I wouldn't make it. I walked up the street and my house came into view. My bladder reacted by contracting hard and a spurt escaped and shot straight through my leggings. I looked down and the wet patch was huge. With each step I took a spurt sprayed into my knickers and soaked down my leggings.

I got to my gate and walked through and set off up the drive. I got to the front door and realised I would have to look for my keys in my bag and by now I was losing it, I physically could not hold it any more and was only just keeping the torrent back. If I had to look for my keys I wouldn't make it. I saw Shadow's car down the side of the house and banged on the door. Suddenly a massive wave of desperation flooded my entire body causing all my muscles to relax and caused my bladder to contract like crazy. A massive spurt came out....and another....and another.

Then I felt it, the pee rushing down towards my pee hole, I knew I couldn't stop it any more. I felt it hit the tip of my pee hole and burst out soaking my knickers and rapidly soak down my legs soaking my socks and feet. I looked down and the entire front of my leggings was now dark grey and soaking wet. Then I felt something else, a warm sensation in my stomach. Before I could do anything it slowly spread out in a wave through my body and then starting heading back towards my pussy. I knew the moment it reached its centre I would cum so hard. The feeling of my pee rushing out and soaking my leggings, my feet getting covered in pee, the sight of the stream running down the drive it was all too much.

The feeling zoned in and reached my clit and then BOOM my entire body exploded in orgasm, wave after wave of intense unbearable pleasure surged through me. My legs felt weak, I grabbed the wall behind me and steadied myself. It finally died down and I stood there panting trying to catch my breath. My bladder finally finished emptying and I looked down at the damage. My leggings were completely soaked with pee and cum and felt amazing clinging to me. I was suddenly brought back to reality by a noise. It was clapping. I turned round in a daze and found Shadow stood on the doorstep clapping. I looked at him and said “ermmmmm hi”.

He looked me up and down and said “I wasn't expecting that when I heard a knock on the door, that was....erm.....WOW”.

I walked past him and went inside and caught sight of myself in the mirror. My leggings were clinging to me and had gone see through. I turned round and checked out the back. They were soaked up my bum and had gone see through and my white and pink striped knickers were showing through them. I went upstairs to change and took off my top and just as I went to take off my leggings a hand grabbed my arm. I followed it up to find him stood there glaring at me. “what do you think you are doing” he asked. I told him I was going to have a shower. He shook his head and said “you honestly think you can just do that and get away with it”.

“do what” I asked. He grabbed my other arm and pushed me against the wall.

“you should know by now that naughty girls who wet themselves get punished”

…...lets just say I now know I love the feeling of having my naughty bum spanked in soaking wet leggings and I definitely learned my lesson.....I should definitely do it again ;)

*002*2014-10-11 22:56

{{ 

Wow, Gemmy. Another incredible story I lived to read. The stories you've been posting recently made me wonder 'though: are there any days on which you don't get desperate to pee?

}}

Erm...nope, im desperate to pee everyday....twice daily most of the time. Usually when i wake up i have to pee pretty bad and i lay in bed holding it until i cant anymore and then pee in the shower, then i don't pee again all day at work and when i get home im usually bursting and almost wetting myself and then if im holding i will be desperate until just before i go to bed.

*004*2014-10-11 23:59

I dont see why its strange, what do you mean lesser mortals?

*009*2014-10-14 21:01

{{ 

Sorry the way I described that came across wrong. What I mean is for those of us who love to see desperation we may assume those with small or average bladders are the ones who get desperate frequently, but the reality is here you are with an incredibly large bladder getting desperate twice a day. I guess we are so lucky to hear about that as for me that's what I enjoy most a large bladdered lady getting caught short

}}

Oh ok :)

