Today' Holds

Author: wettingman

*000*2015-10-01 16:08

I work overnights but was off last night. I watched TV most of the night putting off peeing for several hours because I was too lazy to get up When I finally went around 4 AM I apparently had to go worse than I thought. I measured 900 ML of urine about right for me to be quite desperate.

I had to pee again around 7 AM but life events caused me to have to hold it until 9 AM. I then decided to hold it deliberately, and posted part of in in " Live Action Omorashi " . But as another poster here noted not many people notice posts there, because I think it got boring with some one or two words posts better suited for chat. So I moved it and the conclusion here.

9:06 AM I had not planned to hold my pee today it just happened. Right now my painfully full bladder is bulging . There is strong pressure at the tip of my penis. I have grabbed it a few times because I felt a leak about to happen. Now I am sitting here in my tight white cotton briefs struggling to keep- them dry. Even though this was not planned now that I am in this state I don't want to waste it. So I am about to engage in a doing the dishes full bladder challenge.

10:01 AM -

I had changed out of my pajama bottoms when I decided to continue holding because even a small leak dribbles down my entire leg , since they are not very absorbent. Waves of urgency continue as I am still holding. Time for dinner-I work nights. Wow where did time go it is 10:00 AM, I have had to pee for hours.

10:10 update moving around preparing my meal the urge to release my pent up pee was extremely strong. I am focused on clamping my sphincter tightly closed with all my strength. I had to squeeze my penis a few times leaked just a little bit. Penis is fatter than usual, indicating I am nearing the end of my hold.

10:51 AM The urge to squeeze my penis to hold back my pee is constant. I am trying to resist . Although I have cheated and grabbed I am now squirming instead whenever the pressure of my pent up pee increases beyond what I call for now its base intensity. *Squirming now*

I don't think I have leaked any more. My briefs are just slightly damp in a small spot, having dried from my last leak.I grabbed myself there it almost came out.Almost two hours since my first post.My bladder and entire penis , from the base to the tip hurts.

11:01 edit The feeling my pee was going to come out is particularly intense, noticeably worse any time than before. I finally squeezed my penis with my hand trying to stop the flow. My hand is now warm and wet from the small but unstoppable leak. I am trying to hold on until a full two hours since my first post.

Now that I made it I am standing, but I can't stand straight due to my distended bladder.

I am curious as to how much I have held , but also want to try to hold it through a shower. Can I do both? I think

I will lose some at least as I can't stand still either . It feels like it is coming out without exposure to water.

11:13 took a step and leaked another leak as I type.

11:15 Leaked slowly into my briefs as I walked to the shower. Got the front of my underwear and my hand wet. I took them off ,and stood there naked a slow drip, drip dripping, like a faulty faucet on the floor as I adjusted the water .I kind of rushed through my shower,because the pressure in my penis was so intense, the tip felt like it was going to blow off. Ouch. However, I continued to hold most of my pee in. There were occasional leaks and spurts, that I could not stop, but I finished my shower with 99.5% of my urine still in my bulging bladder. I then let go into my measuring jug. As first the flow was hard and strong, but then it settled into a more normal flow that went on forever-at least a minute. The result was about average for a long hard hold to my bladders capacity of about 1.25 liters. I took a picture of the jug next to my computer.

