Disneyland wetting

Author: Laura

*000*2011-11-28 05:58

Yay! I'm writing stories again! Okay this one happened last week. Basically me and Bailey (my gf) were at Disneyland for the day. I was wearing tight light blue jeans, and she was in pink shorts.

We started off the day with a couple drinks, and rode some rides. Around 1 we had lunch, and then we went off to line up for space mountain. It said it would be an hour wait, but we were fine. About 30 minutes in, I noticed that Bailey was starting to squirm a bit. "I kinda gotta pee." She said, and it reminded me that I also was starting to feel all those drinks in my bladder. By the time we were at the front of the line, we both had to go pretty bad, but weren't quite desperate. The ride was thrilling, but it really shook us up and made us have to go even worse. We checked the map and saw that the nearest bathroom was pretty far, but we started heading for it (both grabbing another drink though, since we were pretty dehydrated).

Half way there, we noticed that star tours (which looked like it could get busy reeeally quickly) had an empty line. We decided that we could hold it, and took advantage of the short line. However, once we got inside we realized there was more to the line and it was pretty big. 25 minutes later we were visibly desperate, and reluctantly got on the ride. It was more vicious then we guessed. There were so many sudden movements, and at one moment I even leaked a little, dampening my panties. We slowly stood up and carefully exited the building. Once out we tightly grabbed our crotches. "I already peed a little" I moaned "same," she replied "I'm about to burst."

We crossed our legs a couple times and shuffled our way to the bathroom. Of course, by the biggest omo cliche ever, the bathroom was closed for cleaning. We both gasped and bent over, trying to hold on. I pulled out the map to try and find another bathroom, but before long I noticed that Bailey's face had gone red. I looked down and noticed a small puddle bellow her. She turned around and I saw her wet bum, which had a growing dark patch. "I can't hold it..." I couldn't believe how adorable she was, with her legs bent and quivering, hands in her crotch, and golden strands of pee streaming down her legs. By the time she was finished she was totally soaked, and right then I lost control. I just couldn't handle watching her have an accident, and it all just came out. I could feel the warmth spreading on my butt and around my thighs, and pulled her into the corner and started making out. We both felt eachother up as I peed my pants on her.

Once we were all done we splashed ourselves some with the water fountain to make it look like we had just come off a water ride.

So yeah, that's my filler story.

