Blonde party girl peeing in public

Author: edisonarantes

*000*2013-10-08 00:25

Some nights, when I'm not drinking, I drive my friends from home parties to clubs in the city center. I also sometimes drive them back home after a night in the city. This have led me to witnessing some occasions of very interesting desperation. I thought I could share one of them here.

One girl, that I don't really know that well, is named Gina. She is about 1.70 m, blonde hair and an average body. I would describe her as a kind of "girl-next-door", she isn't among the most beautiful girls I've seen, but definitely pretty cute. One night, a couple of years ago, she called me and asked me to drive her and a male friend from a party to the city center. I said yes, and started driving. The trip from the party to the city center took about 15 minutes, but we also had to pick up another guy on the way. I picked up Gina and her friend, and drove towards the second location, where we would pick up the last guy. It only took about five minutes to get there, but we had to wait for a while outside his house, before he came out.

While we waited, Gina suddenly said: "Wow, I really need to pee". This surprised me, because she hadn't shown any signs of desperation before this point. She was wearing a white dress, that went to her knees. She wasn't very drunk, but a little tipsy. The male friend of Gina said: "Yeah, I need to pee as well. Should we go outside?". Gina didn't say anything, but both of them went out of the car. The guy walked to some bushes by the side of the road, but surprisingly enough, Gina just lifted her dress, and pulled down her panties. This happened right next to the car, and I saw everything. I could see all of her pussy, and her cute white thong panties. Then she squatted down, and instantly started peeing, with quite a strong stream.

I could see it all: Her cute, shaved pussy, and the pee forcing its way down to the asphalt. The pee was light yellow, and made a little river on the street. The car window was down, so I could also hear the pee coming out of her, and hitting the asphalt. Gina looked like she totally didn't care that she was peeing on a public street. Maybe she didn't notice me looking at her, maybe she was too drunk to care (although she didn't seem very drunk), or maybe this was normal to her. There was nobody else around, and considering that the other guy was behind some bushes on the other side of the street, I was the only one who witnessed the scene. And it made me very aroused.

After about 30 seconds of peeing, she slipped her panties back up, and got back in the car. She didn't wipe or shaking to get some of the pee off of her, so I can imagine her panties getting fairly wet. When she had sat down in the car again, we just started talking about other things. She didn't say a word about what had just happened. And I did my best not to show how aroused I was.

