Wetting at a concert

Author: Mel

*000*2011-08-25 06:48

I don't have a great memory, so if some of it sounds stupid or is missing details it's my fault, sorry.

Around a year ago, my favorite band (as I said I love rock music) Motley Crue, came to play nearby where I lived. I had no intention at all of missing that concert, so I got ready to go. I luckily picked a very dark pair of pants that night.

Most of the concert progressed like normal, It was almost impossible to get through the crowd because the place was not only packed, but it wasn't very organized, there weren't any real stairs or anything, and people wouldn't really let you through most of the time. So I stocked up on drinks early. A couple hours later they were gone, and Motley Crue was getting ready to come on stage. Their performance was going to be pretty long, and I already needed to pee kinda bad. I looked behind me and decided that the only way was to wait until the concert ended. Standing up wasn't helping either.

Around 3/5 of the way through the concert, I was getting really desperate. I didn't want to hold myself since I was in such a public place. I tried walking away, but the crowd just kept pushing me back.

Around 10 minutes later, I was jumping around with my legs tightly crossed. That's when a spurt escaped. My eyes opened wide and I was stunned for a moment, which caused another large spurt to escape. I tried to get hold of myself, but not too much later I was starting to leak again. I couldn't inspect the damage at all. At this point I just had to hold myself no matter how embarrassing it was to be seen like that. I supposed my panties were already very wet, but I kept trying to think how I could get to a bathroom. Then, the floodgates opened. Pee just started pouring out of me and running down my legs. I must have gone for a good 40 seconds. By the time I was done, there was a puddle on the ground. I found a small gap in the crowd and kinda pushed through it, away from the mess.

It wasn't too visible due to what I was wearing though. It was a great concert, too. :D My stomach was still kinda full of liquids, so I had to pee again by the time I was back in the parking lot. I just leaned up against my car and started peeing again. I put a towel on the seat that I had brought in case I had to sit on the lawn area, and drove home.

I hope you enjoyed! :)

*002*2011-08-31 03:27

{{ 

Nice description...I've always been turned on by desperate public accidents (or in the second instance where you wet yourself on purpose, in public, too). I've had one experiences with a girl somewhat like yours except it was at an outdoor play one hot summer some years ago. My girlfriend and I had had some wine and a lot of water to keep hydrated on a very hot day, and although she (and I) went to the toilet during the intermission, by the end of the last act we both really had to pee very badly. She was squirming around and finally holding herself just minutes before we thought the play would be over. 

The guy sitting next to her was looking at her holding herself, which turned me on. Of course, her holding herself turned me on, too. I was hard, but also had to pee badly. She whispered to me that she was going to 'run to the toilet before I wet my pants' as soon as people began to clap, and since we were sitting near the exit I figured she'd make it just in time. So she ran out and I pickup up our stuff to head to the toilet myself.

I got there it felt like just before I was about to begin to leak into my pants, and the relief was great. I came to and looked for my GF and found her standing in a corner, her legs crossed, waiting for me. She was wearing a pretty think pair of tight white pants and a blue top which came to her waist and sandals. At first I didn't notice anything, but then realized her crotch was wet and somewhat yellow, and the wetness made her panties visible even more than they were when her pants were dry. (She was wearing white cotton panties with some lace around the legs, small bikini style.) Before I could ask she said, "I didn't make it on time; I couldn't hold it and began to wet my pants as I walked in the door. I'm soaked in the back." She turned around and sure enough, the back of her legs were wet to her knees and her butt was also very wet, I guess she peed on the butt of her pants as she pulled them down. Her panties were of course wet also, and completely visible under her wet pants.

Neither of us had a jacket or anything to wrap around her, so we just walked to the car, she getting lots of looks, some wondering, some lustful (probably given her see through transparent pants and panties at this point) and others perhaps sympathetic about her accident.

She's not into wetting or peeing, but I sure was turned on and felt her legs in the car all the way to her house....and indeed we did have some wonderful sex, but only after she changed and showered. But I did enjoy feeling and smelling her panties which she left in her bedroom while showering...

}}

Wait, you had an experience with a girl somewhat like yours? I hope you mean a girl somewhat like me...

