Holding contest with Thisisaperson!

Author: Ayden

*000*2013-09-13 16:38

Last night Thisisaperson shot me a pm asking for a contest, and I decided to take him up on it.

The timing was perfect, seeing as I had drank quite a bit before and I happened to be leaving to hang out with some friends. So I brought a smartwater with me (they're a liter) and set off on my way.

I was hanging out on a bus with a few friends (my friend is a bus driver at the local college) and all was fun and games until I had finished my entire water and the speedbumps were making it uncomfortable (like maybe a 4). By the time I got home, I was literally bursting. My mom was home, so I knew I couldn't do an actual full wetting.

I made it to my room, stopping and squirming every so often until i reached my bathroom. My desperation had really increased, and my bladder had decided to let go after 12 or so hours. I was spurting, and I couldn't stop.

It ran down between my legs and down the inseams of my jeans (im not a skirt wearer, but maybe if you guys convince me to I'll wear one and some tights for you guys :::;)) and I managed to cut the stream off long enough for me to shrug my hoodie off and grab an empty bottle before going into the shower (sure i coulda peed in the toilet, but wheres the fun in that? ;))

I hurriedly unscrewed the bottle cap and shucked my jeans and panties off before adjusting the opening around my weehole and going. After a few tries and many seconds of pee spraying everywhere, I finally, FINALLY emptied my bladder into the giant 2L bottle. I was in pure bliss when I went, and I let out a content sigh as my pee literally poured out of me. After what felt like forever, I finished and cleaned up, the went to bed.

PS: sorry about the lighting in the pictures, it was like one in the morning.

*002*2013-09-13 17:12

Sure, I'd be happy to do a contest (with anyone, for that matter!)

Glad you enjoyed :D

*004*2013-09-13 17:51

Thanks! I actually have no idea, I don't know if he's been on yet. Oh man, that shifts gotta be killer :(

*008*2013-09-14 04:07

I'm so flustered at all the attention, thanks so much guys! Like I've said before, I'm completely open for contests and suggestions and whatnot. You provide imput, I'll provide the arousal. ;D

*011*2013-09-19 02:19

{{: 

Thanks for this wonderful story :). i hope you will wear spandex shorts in the future that would be crazy!

}}

I dont have any spandex, sorry osca ;(the closest i have is yoga pants loli could try those if you like :) or would you guys like lighter pants so you can see the streaks?

*013*2013-09-19 19:02

I have all sorts of cute panties hehe, like i said, you provide the suggestions ill supply the arousal ;D

