Maybe went a little too far!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-12-07 20:26

Hi guys, I thought I'd tell you a tale about Friday!

I have a lecture in my uni from 3:45-5:15 and I decided to hold from about 3 until after the lecture.

I got to the building at 3:30 and was desperate for a drink so I had some water from the fountain, I forgot my bottle which was super annoying.

About 30 minutes in I was dying for water but also needed the bathroom quite badly. My stomach was quite heavy as well (I don't enjoy that side of things) putting a tonne of pressure on my bladder. When we had 30 minutes of class left I asked to go to the bathroom and thought about relieving myself but instead went to the fountain again, I wanted to be quick and join back in class.

Luckily we finished early so I could run down and get the 17:23 bus, but I definitely had no chance to relieve myself and it was cold outside. Walking in the cold with unnecessary pressure ramped up my need to a good 8/10, and waiting around for the bus and not being able to use the techniques to hold that I would use in private were starting to worry me, I stood with my legs crossed quite tightly and eventually got on the warm bus.

I sat down, the bus goes around a roundabout and over a bridge, down past a school and then to my stop. As we were coming down the other side of the bridge a wave hit me and I couldn't do anything but squeeze internally. I couldn't manage holding back that way and some drops forced their way out, then the drops turned into a trickle until the wave lessened. I could feel my underwear was damp but I didn't dare act like I noticed. Eventually I got off the bus without losing anymore, but standing up and walking was a continuous small dribble up to the flat. I got inside and my housemate informed me that people were coming to look round, that meant I couldn't use the bathroom and had to hold it even longer.

Luckily I could now use my hand, sit on my heel whatever to stop leaking, and I stayed stock still whilst people came to look round, as soon as they were done I made it to the bathroom and finished the rest there, surprisingly only having a wet spot on my panties.

Thanks for reading

EQ x

*004*2015-12-15 19:03

{{: 

That was close

}}

It was a little more than close haha!

{{: 

I love this. Brilliant that you asked to be excused from lecture to go bathroom but got more water instead. Scary leaking on bus I bet you thought you were going to have big accident. And then th twist of not being able to go when you got home, I bet that was torture, I hope the relief at the end was worth it :-)

}}

I did think I was gonna lose it on the bus completely somehow I didn't. I realised with horror as I got home that there would be people looking around haha

