Last Thursday

Author: CollaredKitty

*000*2013-04-21 01:29

I haven't been feeling well lately due to an ongoing cough/sickness that won't go away, but for some reason I was feeling particularly horny last thursday, and figured someone might enjoy my two stories from the day.

Around 1pm, I was particularly turned on while laying in bed playing bookworm on my ipod. I should also mention that normally my roommate is away at work (I am self employed) but he had a test that afternoon, so was home the entire day studying for it. Throughout this entire thing, he is either right next door- or upstairs. He doesn't know about my fetish.

Anyway, I was in my normal set of PJs- baggy gray sweatpants and a gray tank top with a lace back to it, so the front is solid but the back is visible (which is awesome, because I think I have a very nice looking back) so it's one of my favorite PJs, and during the summer a "wear outside" also.

Because I felt like my bladder was really full- moreso than normal when I get desperate- I promptly went downstairs and finished off the other half of coke I got from Mcdonalds earlier, just to add in some extra- and went back upstairs to happily self-play for a little bit (always better on a full bladder!). I had some Viva Cream (for those who aren't in the know, it provides a little extra "help" for women when we want to be turned on and may not be) on hand from a previous submissive of mine, so used some on myself to add in a little extra spice.

Afterwards, I picked up one of my goodnites diapers and put it on, along with a pair of one of my favorite panties (bikini style, green silk with little yellow/red/gold/green flowers on it in the middle, and lace around the top and edges) - it didn't take my bladder long to start leaking into the diaper, and it didn't take long after that to fill the diaper and start overflowing it. As soon as streaks of pee started appearing on my sweat pants, I went downstairs into the shower there and took them off, along with the diaper (discretely packaged away and thrown in the trash!) . I then went on to completely soak the panties for the next 10 minutes. I then snuck wet and pantless/pantiless back upstairs and put the sweatpants, etc. in with my laundry. They're just being washed finally tonight ;)

The same night, I promised a friend of mine that I would go see his movie premier, so I used the restroom before I left and headed off to the movie theatre/restaurant (it's a combination of both). I got to town early, but needed to pee really really badly so I wanted to hurry up, park, and get into the place so I could use their bathroom. I thought I was OK/not very desperate, but apparently not. To add to that, the parking situation wasn't very friendly- I'm not a very good parallel parker, and am afraid to do so, so I had to drive around for about 30 minutes looking for a spot (to no such luck, there was currently a movie playing) and I ended up having to wait for the lot to clear off. Everything else in the area was closed, so I parked by a small lake and got out to walk, immediately feeling an involuntary squirt of pee in my boyshorts (don't remember which pair I had on, sorry.)

Realizing I was in a desperate situation, I wandered down to the lake in front of my car, looked around to make sure there was no one nearby, pulled my pants down and peed right there by the road. Thankfully no one drove by , and hopefully there weren't any video cameras, or I would have felt absolutely terrible/guilty! I watched the movie with damp underwear on.

Anyway, hope someone gets some extra enjoyment out of either story; the unplanned is always seems to be the funnest!

*003*2013-04-22 20:56

Thank you both, i'm glad you enjoyed them!

*005*2013-04-28 01:12

{{: 

Hi there! Just thought I'd say, I enjoyed the story, CollaredKitty! Looking forward to reading more from you in the future :)

}}

Thank you :D I finally figured out why I am sick, so hope I can start playing a little bit more soon!

