Got my gf to do it for the first time

Author: rilly

*000*2014-02-09 09:17

Unfortunately this is a story about my ex gf, i've told my new one about my fetish but she wasn't too keen on it. (work in progress ;) )

Anyways,

The first time i got her to pee her panties for me was a couple years back. She was taking a ferry back to where we lived at the time and was texting with me back and forth. having had watched wetting videos all day, i was so horny i decided to throw a text at her with a hint of wetting since she messaged me something about how she had to go. I can't remember exactly but i said something along the lines of "well... once you get home i've missed you so much i don't think ill be able to let you go, you might just have to go in your pants!" she playfully replied "you'd probably like that ;) :P"

When she got home, it was clear she wasn't kidding about having to pee but i told her to come see me on the couch for a kiss first. She ran over dancing in desperation a bit and leaned in for a kiss. she was wearing a black skirt with rose prints and a low cut white top. I grabbed her and pulled her in. she straddled my right leg and complained that she had to go. We sat and chatted and kissed for a couple minutes until she tried to get up. I put my hand around her back and stopped her. she complained again and tried to push off with both her hands. I stopped her again.

She said "I'm seriously going to wet my pants, babe."

And I told her "I wasn't kidding about my text, you're just going to have to pee right here."

She laughed and tried to get up once again, and once again i stopped her playfully.

"Are you serious?"

"go for it."

"I'm not kidding babe, i'm going to pee. I have to go so bad."

"I'm not kidding either, i'm not letting you go anyways."

There was an awkward silence for a minute as we exchanged inquisitive glares at each other.

"I... I can't do it. let me go!" she said giggling.

"try it. I bet you can"

"OMG!!!! you're the worst!"

She looked down and lifted her skirt slightly. She was wearing some cute victoria secret PINK panties. white with pink around the edges. They had a print on them that looked like lined paper you write on in school and they had writting on them, something about I <3 my boyfriend etc. anyways, she looked back up and said, "I'm going to ruin them" to which i shrugged.

Another minute passed with her staring at me, rolling her eyes, sighing... the whole act. then finally she started giggling and asked "Can you feel it?" confused i looked down cause i actually couldn't. "No, are you going?"

"I think I did a little bit, hold on..."

She ran her finger down to where her crotch met my leg and closed her eyes.

That's when it happened. her smile went from cheek to cheek and she rolled both her hands into fists and covered her mouth in embarrasment. One sharp hissing sound errupted and i felt the warmth spread across my jeans. I looked down and saw the wet patch grow on her panties as they backcame slightly more transparent. It was a short burst but she stopped it and quickly got up. she was laughing as she stood before me holding her skirt so it wouldn't get wet. I saw a couple drops dribble down the inside of he left leg as she examined my pants and the wet floor.

"I can't believe i just did that... EWWWWW" she said as she turned and ran for the bathroom.

In a daze i followed her and found her on the toilet with her wet panties around her ankles, releaving herself.

"I better get some good sex out of this..." she exclaimed.

And let me tell you, she did.

