[FtM Trans*] First Uncontrolled Wetting: I didn't want him to stop!

Author: PrincelyDesire

*000*2013-10-13 07:56

Usually, when I play with desperation and wetting, I do it after finding that my bladder is rather full or after choosing to fill it, such as being forced to drink a lot of fluids. And usually, when I play with someone who orders me around and forces me to hold it, they're just a bit too nice. They let me go after a bit of begging and a few leaks. I don't mind, I mean, I'm dancing around and incredibly desperate and eager to empty my bladder. So I do! But this time was different.

First, when I play, I try to find a friend over text or via Skype or something. If I can't get in touch with a friend, I try to get anyone's attention on here. But if I really want to play and I'm getting nothing back, I'll go onto Omegle. And in this instance, that's what I did. I typed in the key word interests and proceeded my hunt for someone who would torture me ruthlessly. At the start, I would say my desperation was probably about an 8. I was wearing some really tight light jeans. My legs were crossed hard already, I couldn't ignore the pressure of my full bladder.

I chatted with a few random people, described my desperation to them, teased them with it. The waves of pressure started hitting me and I found myself starting to squirm a bit. No one was really torturing me just yet, just some chatting fun at that moment. One person made my dribble just one second, just to make my pussy damp. It didn't soak into my jeans or anything yet. But it made my bladder throb incredibly hard. I had to clench and tense hard to prevent any further leaking.

By the time I finally found someone who was a strict enough Master, I had to keep my legs crossed and I was squirming far more frequently. I didn't think I was truly desperate as I could be, I mean I've been worse off before. He asked a lot of questions, mainly about my appearance, what I liked, and I answered them all. I was excited, glad to finally find someone terribly strict and straight forward. I loved it.

His first order was for me to press on my bladder periodically with my hand, short and extremely hard thrusts. It hurt badly to do, I kept my legs crossed tightly and my thighs tensed hard together. It made me squirm in my seat even more. But I was even more surprised at my bladder control. I knew if I relaxed, I would for sure leak. Yet, when I pressed on my bladder, nothing dire occurred. I could feel the immense pressure of my extremely swollen bladder. But, I still felt like I had control.

He then made me take my hand and curl it into a fist, shove it into my jeans and press on the bladder. The waist band of my pants kept my fist there, constantly pushing on that thing full of so much hot piss, so much. It made me moan and groan. I had to uncross my legs for this to work properly. It was hard, I was sitting forward and squirming so much. I had my poor pussy lips clenched hard. I couldn't stop panting and gasping as I began rocking back and forth.

Then he did one of the worst things, he made me drink a cup of water. It made me whimper. I chugged the water down, my fist still pressing into my bladder. I informed him that I finished and he replied with saying I should turn my fist sideways, to create even worse pressure. Giving a gasp, I followed his order. Within minutes, I gave a hard spurt. It soaked through my underwear and made a spot on the crotch of my jeans.

Telling me how dirty I was, he made me run my hand over my pussy under my pants and like my fingers, made me taste my dirtiness. I loved it, it was wonderful. I loved how badly he was treating me, how tortured and humiliated I felt. It made my clit throb and juices flow. Made me squirm harder, made my bladder ache even more. But he wasn't finished with me yet! He tortured me with more words, telling me all the things he would do and make me do. It made me hornier and more desperate.

He ordered me to suck my fingers until they were dripping with my saliva and told me I had to shove them as deep as they would go up my ass, told me to fuck my ass. I asked him a question about the order, and he informed he that he didn't want to be made to repeat himself. It made my whimper and shiver, I loved his harshness. No one had been strict with me like that. And it was exactly what I wanted. I followed his order, sucked my fingers, and shoved them into my pants and up my ass. I had to stifle a moan and I shuddered. It took only a couple of minutes before I leaked twice, two little spurts. Pulling my fingers out of my ass, I gripped my crotch hard and told him about the leaks.

My new Master of the night made a new order: I had to go refill my glass.

I stood and gave a moan as all the fluid pushed forward against my urethra. I walked with my thighs pressed tightly together into the kitchen. Turning on the tap was even worse, it made be bend over and ram my hands into my crotch. I squirmed violently on the spot. Trying to hurry, one hand still in my crotch, I shoved the glass under the tap and filled it. But I wanted to wash my hand after ass fucking myself. Turning the water onto hot and pumping soap into my hands, I ran water over them. It was the worst moment, at that time. I squirmed and danced and scrubbed fast. I barely held it back. Turning to hobble back to the living room with my seat, I had to stop halfway to grip my crotch again and bend over.

I sat down and immediately was squirming hard again, bouncing my legs and groaning with the rise of pressure. My desperation and risen violently, it just suddenly hit me, I could not sit still at all. But he wasn't finished with me yet and I didn't want to disappoint him. He told me I was to pour one third of the glass onto my chest. Not wanting to make a mess in the living room, I hobbled into the kitchen. I decided to bend over the sink, which turned out be a horrid idea as my jeans were pressed hard into my bladder. Gasping, I knew I had mere seconds to do this. So I poured the icy cold water over my chest. I have no idea how I managed, but I held it all back, I didn't even spurt.

Sitting back down, I kept my hand in my crotch. He made me chug the rest of the water. Doing so caused a long hard spurt of pee to shoot out of me, full stream. It made my crotch completely soaked now, starting to go up around the ass of my tight jeans. I begged but he said no. I kept my hands in my crotch when I wasn't typing.

At this point, I realized I had never been so desperate to piss in my entire life. I thought that previous occasions had warranted being considered unbearably desperate. But no, how wrong I was, I had no idea. This, this was real desperation. I was writhing in my seat, gripping my pee hole and gasping. He gave me another order, told me spit into my hand several times and then to rub my pussy so it would be covered in all my bodily fluids. I had to lick it. I felt so, so dirty, and I loved it. I was absolutely thrilled by it.

I begged for release, to empty my bladder, but still he said no. It made me give a low sob. My bladder was absolutely throbbing with need, and I just wasn't allowed. He made me answer more questions and give descriptions of past events I had done. Told me what dirty boy I was, just how much of a slut I was. Made me admit that I would do almost anything involving piss. I said he could piss in all my holes, that if I had an owner I would never piss unless allowed, I told him dirty I was and just how much I loved it.

Suddenly, another long and hard spurt exploded from my pussy. It dripped from between my fingers and soaked into the towel beneath my rocking ass. I was incredibly desperate, I can barely describe it. I was bouncing in my seat, rocking back and forth violently and gripping my crotch hard. Lifting my ass a bit, I gave a shiver and a longer spurt streamed out of me. I had to clench and tense everything, pressed so very hard on my pee hole to stop it.

I told him all this, told him how the entire crotch of my jeans was soaked. How desperate I was. I begged, and so he told me I was to sit down and piss it all out into my jeans and the chair. But I couldn't it was a carpeted living room. He ordered it again, angrily this time. I gave a whimper and stood up from my seat, dancing and bouncing, twisting and holding my crotch with all my might. I said I would do it all over the kitchen floor, if he would please PLEASE just let me go.

He said I could release on the condition that I told him just how much of a dirty little slut I was, and if I could convince him, I could go. I begged and begged. And I began. I told him: I'm such a dirty fucking slut, I love to be a whore for anyone, I would let anyone piss anywhere and in anywhere on my body, I'd piss myself in public, I would let them cum all over me. I begged and begged. And suddenly...

He ended the chat.

Horror tore through me, another long spurt slipped out, and I gave a moan. Had I not pleased him? No, I had! But this was his game! I wasn't given permission to let all that pee go yet. So I decided to hang on. I had no idea just how much time I had left. I had never been this desperate. Another long spurt escaped and I sat my ass down. That was an awful idea, within minutes, an even longer stream rushed out and completely soaked my ass. That was biggest leak I had ever made. Standing straight up again, piss was spilling from around my fingers gripping my pussy over my jeans.

Another spurt, and then another. I was quickly losing this battle - but I had to hang on, I just had to. For his sake, I had to. But I was immediately beginning to realize this was impossible. Squirt after squirt, spurt after spurt of piss was leaking from me. And it didn't matter how much I tried, I just was losing this battle. My bladder was becoming too full, my urethra exhausted.

Suddenly I felt it, pee was started to spill out in a constant stream. A slow stream, but I couldn't stop it. I could feel it running down my legs now. I hobbled, piss coming out no matter, into the kitchen. I threw the towel down and within seconds, the floodgates broke - against my own will. I legitimately couldn't stop it. At that point, I didn't care if someone came down and saw me there in the middle of the kitchen. I just didn't care. My bladder exploded and torrents of piss rushed down my legs, creating puddles at my feet.

I tried to stop the flow, but I literally could not. It wasn't until there were huge puddles at my feet that I could finally stop it. I dashed upstairs to my room, stripped my pants and underwear off and went back to the kitchen. There I cleaned up my mess. As I cleaned, I realized my bladder was still swollen and that there was still so much piss in me. I groaned to hold it back when I squatted. When I finished cleaning, I put on some fresh underwear, sat down on the toilet and let my bladder completely burst, wetting through my underwear.

It sent shivers and shudders through me of just pure pleasure. I relived the experience of the night over and over in those long moments that I pissed. There was so much of it. Taking them off, I remembered what a filthy whore I was and decided not to have a shower. I pulled on my pajamas and crawled into bed, remaining in my filth because I deserved it.

Rubbing my clit hard, I came hard and bit into my lip to hold back my screams as my back arched upwards more than once. I writhed with the waves of my orgasm. Finally, I collapsed and sleep took me, with it, the dreams of my deepest fantasies of my bladder being truly controlled...

*006*2013-10-15 02:40

{{ 

You dirty, dirty girl... I enjoyed this... Hm, very much.

}}

I am a man, a male, a guy - not a girl. But thank you.

*007*2013-10-15 05:18

{{ 

Wow, that is an amazing story! I love your writing style. :) That sounds like a lot of fun!

}}

Thank you very much! It was indeed a lot of fun. I hope to have some more and write some more, for sure! ^^

{{ 

He's a guy not a girl

OP: Wow you write with amazing detail and that makes it all so much better. Raunchier than anything I usually read, but definitely enjoyed it. Looking forward to reading more from you!

}}

Thank you for correcting them. And thank you! I think it's the detail that really makes it. When you read a story, you want to hear about each little struggle and leak. I was concerned about if it was too raunchy but I am glad it worked out! X3

{{ 

I so wish i was the master! I have never been able to find someone. I will also like to be a slave but same, i have never found a master! nevertheless, a great story

}}

I find it generally difficult to find anyone with the same interests along these lines, and it becomes even more difficult to find a Dom or Master! Thank you. ^^

{{ 

That was an incredible wetting experience! I have tried to do online domination like that, but I always chickened out at the end, afraid that someone would catch me holding a full bladder or wetting myself, so I wasn't a good online sub. Thanks for sharing your story.

}}

It all depends on if you set yourself up in the right situation. Don't worry, you'll get a good one. ^^

*010*2013-11-05 01:37

{{ 

Wow! This was incredibly hot. I knew about dom/sub relationships but not that there were arrangements like this out there. I loved reading about how hard you tried to hold it in - my favourite thing about omorashi is the desperation, the struggle to win, and the ultimate defeat. I really enjoyed your writing style as well! You should write some fiction :)

}}

{{ 

Bene that was incredible.

}}

Thank you bother very much. ^^

