Almost Wet in the Hallway

Author: Calicot

*000*2015-10-14 22:10

I have been lurking around this site for a while now so I figured I should contribute a story.

My girlfriend and I have different schedules so a lot of times I have the place to myself for hours at a time with nothing to do and nowhere to go. On this particular day that was the case. I decided to do a hold, but this time I really wanted to try and lose control. So I drank a few bottles of water through out the day and by four pm my girlfriend was leaving and I had a slight urge to pee.

I'm usually very weary of doing things like this because I am very prone to UTI's and although I can get rid of them with a few cups of cranberry juice and a few beers I still don't like to get them. So this particular fetish can be a bit of a problem for me.

I decided I wanted to speed things up so I filled up four 20 oz bottles of water and drank them. It took me about two hours to get them all down. The fourth bottle I didn't finish all the way.

Now for the actual story. On this day I was not wearing pants while I was filling up my bladder, but after I reached about a 7/10 I put on a tight pair of dark wash jeans and a black belt along with a plain t shirt. I din't have any shoes or socks on.

The first bottle didn't make me feel much at all. There was very little pressure in my bladder and I knew that I would be okay to start another one. I waited about ten to fifteen minutes for my stomach to empty so I could drink more water and then started on the second bottle.

The second bottle took a little longer to finish because I was beginning to feel very full. And drinking too much water tends to upset my stomach. So I paced myself a little slower and I noticed that my bladder was beginning to fill up quite quickly. There was some presser in my bladder, enough for me to wiggle around a little bit but not enough for me to be worried about a leak. So I continued on.

I began the third bottle about an hour later and by this time if I wasn't doing a hold I would have found a bathroom. I needed to go but it wasn't bad enough so that I was desperate. The pressure on my bladder actually felt nice. I pressed on my bladder and it was hard but it didn't make me need to pee. I finished the bottle about an hour later and by that time I was definitely bordering desperation. I couldn't stop wiggling my legs and I needed to shift my wait every few minutes to get comfortable.

I got up from where I was sitting and walked to my closet looking for what I wanted to wear. I found a pair of old jeans that are a little too small on me and slid them on. Getting them up over my butt was very difficult and I kept having to stop and hold myself so I didn't leak. But I finally got them on and put the belt through the loops. I made sure the belt was a little to tight so it squeezed my bladder just right and it definitely made me urge much worse. I shot from an 8 to a 9 so quickly I had to hold myself and jump around desperately just to keep from leaking.

The problem was that I didn't want to get the carpet wet. I knew there was a lot of pee in my bladder and if I leaked I might not be able to stop. I looked for towels, old t shirts, anything that might soak up the inevitable flood but I couldn't find anything.

Then I finally let the realization hit that I was going to have to go down the hall to another room to make sure the mess was contained. The room was about three hundred feet from the room that I was currently in. (These are dorm room) I could barely walk two inches without stopping and holding myself and I was afraid that if I walked out into the open and tried to pretend I didn't have to go I would leak. So I did it as quickly as I could. I found my keys, and I dashed down the hall desperately squeezing my muscles so that nothing would escape.

Luckily I made it to the room without any leaks but as soon as I closed the door I had to cross my legs as tight as I could and lean over holding myself trying not to pee. It almost hurt. But I held it. I made my way to the desk and placed my laptop on the surface so I could sit down. But as I made my way down my jeans cut into my bladder and I realized that I could not sit down.

So I stood while I began to drink the fourth bottle. Every sip of that bottle felt like it was making its way straight to my bladder. It was torture. I had to keep my hand in my crotch permanently. If I let go there was no way I could hold. About halfway through the bottle I had to stop drinking because I was just too full of water.

That's when the spasms in my bladder began. I felt a very small leak. My panties became slightly damp but nothing had gotten on my pants. But with that spasm came another and another and soon I was consistently leaking into my pants. A very think dark patch began to make its way down my leg and it felt so good.

After my pee began to leak out of the bottom of my jeans I pushed and let out a stream of pee and it soaked my jeans. I sat down in my chair and began slowly pushing the rest of my pee out.

I peed consistently for at least a minute when I finally let go and I felt so relieved. In the end I peeled my pants off my body and went to go clean up.

The next day I was sipping on cranberry juice and beer, but it was definitely worth it.

