A Day Downtown

Author: TwitchyStitch

*000*2015-05-22 07:20

About a year ago, my girlfriend, Lexi and I decided to spend the day downtown, grab lunch, hit the local stores, hang out in the park, etc. We first decided to go see "X-Men: Days of Future Past" and we got in line to get the tickets. As we stood in line, I looked her up and down. Lexi is about 5'6" and has long brown hair that goes down to her mid-back, with big, brown eyes. That day she wore dark red skinny jeans and a black tank, with white sneakers. She has an average build, with nice curves. We finally got our tickets, and got snacks. She got a large cherry coke. We went into the theater and grabbed our seats.

By the time the movie was over, she had finished her drink. On our way out of the theater, she told me she needed to use the restroom. She walked towards the restroom, and about a minute later she came back. "That was fast." I said, impressed.

She frowned at me. "It was out of order."

"That's unfortunate." I say, trying to sound sympathetic but my mind started racing. "You wanna grab a bite to eat?"

"Sure." She says. "And I don't have to go that bad, I can hold it."

We walked down the street to to a Mexican restaurant. It was a small joint, but it had the best Mexican food I had ever tasted. And with great food comes a great amount of customers, so there was quite a line. About five minutes later, we were only half way up the line. I noticed Lexi started to fidget a little. "You alright?" I ask.

"Yeah, my need to pee just increased a little, that's all." Lexi said trying to give me a reassuring smile.

Another five minutes later, we were finally at the counter ordering our food. When the clerk asked what drinks we wanted, Lexi just asked for water, she then proceeded to ask them if they had a bathroom. "Sorry, bathrooms are for employees only." Lexi frowned, that was not the response she wanted to hear. We ate, and, again, Lexi finished her drink.

Afterwards, we decided to hit the shops. After a half hour, I wanted to go to the nearby park, Lexi agreed. Halfway to the park, I noticed Lexi wasn't walking beside me anymore. I looked back, and she was squatting on the sidewalk, taking deep breaths. She looked up at me. "We need to find a bathroom... soon." She got up, hand in crotch, thighs pressed together, and reluctantly started to walk again. The rest of the way to the park, she held her hand in her crotch. We arrived to the park, and Lexi made her way to the bathrooms. She noticed a line, and walked back over to me. "I'll wait for the line to die down." I knew that was a mistake, it was a Sunday afternoon, and the park was always packed on Sunday afternoons.

We walked up a nearby hill, and Lexi was really struggling getting up it. Once at the top, she looked towards the bathrooms. The line was even longer. "Oh no." She said. "I don't think I'm gonna make it." We lied down under a tree, and she could not stop moving. She finally got up. "Fuck it, I'm just gonna go behind the tree." She started to wobble, thighs pressed together. She made it behind the tree, and tried to unbutton her pants, but she couldn't do it. I heard her gasp, and a dark patch almost instantly formed around her crotch. "Shit! I'm spurting!" I walk over and help with her unbuttoning process.

She eventually pushed my hand away, and squatted down and pissed right trough her jeans. I heard a hissing sound. She sighed in relief., but also started to tear up in embarrassment. The wet patch spread through the top of her thighs, and a thick stream quickly came out the back of her pants. When she got up, both her and I inspected the damage. The front of her crotch was only a little bit wet, while her ass was completely soaked. She began to lightly cry. I walked over and gave her a hug, and kissed her. "It's alright." I say. "It's kinda hot." I under-exaggerated that. I was extremely aroused. She slightly laughed. "Yeah, right."

We began the journey back to the car, an embarrassing journey for her. When we got home, we through her clothes in the washing machine. I again examined the damage, her red jeans were soaked and her light blue cotton panties to as well. Afterwards, I walked over to her, and finally confessed my secret fetish. She was now wearing sweats. She laughed. "Well, in that case..." She got up and pulled me towards the bedroom. She shut the door behind her. "I do have to go a little." She split her legs, and started wetting her sweats, laughing and sorta squealing the whole time. "I can't believe I'm doing this." She concluded and climbed on top of, beginning to make-out with me. You can probably figure out what happened next.

I have more stories of Lexi, let me know if you wanna hear those, too.

*003*2015-05-26 16:05

{{ 

Lucky bastard! Please do entertain us with your future stories...

}}

{{ 

Hell yes, please do tell us more stories!

}}

Posted another story called "Justice" It's another Lexi story.

