Desperate Quest

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-15 21:36

This is the last story that I am posting that was once in my sightings thread, the others are either short paragraphs or I don't have copies of them. But that is good news for those of you who like my personal adventure stories as now I will get back to writing them soon .

Desperate Quest for a Bathroom

Me and my boyfriend were at a Christmas street party they were having in our local town, Christmas market, street performers, live music and dancers...all round general merriment, and throughout the day they kept announcing the line up of entertainment on the main stage and one of the main acts was the local panto dance crew doing some of their routines. We were stood quite near the stage and stood next to us was a girl with her friends, I would say she was in her late twenties and she was dancing like mad to the tunes they were playing and I couldn’t help but watch her shake her sexy ass in her tight black leggings :p

We were stood there for a while watching all the performers and events on the stage and I noticed her leaning on the fencing bobbing her leg and a few minutes later she said to her friend when this singers done I'm gonna go to the loo and I immediately was fascinated by her leg bobbing. The singer finished and the announcer came on and informed us that the panto crew were next on to which the girl said “oooh I wanna watch these, I heard they're good”. Five minutes later they came on stage and began their routine and throughout the performance she was getting more and more fidgety, bobbing and crossing her legs.

The performance lasted about 15 minutes and the crew left the stage and the announcer came on and said what was coming next but I wasn’t paying attention, I was watching the girl. When the announcer finished and the music came back on she turned to her friend and said “right, I'm off to the loo” and her friend asked where and she said Mcdonalds and set off then she did something which made me follow her, she set off walking up towards Mcdonalds which is just up the road and then came back and held out her bag and said “hold that whilst I go” and her friend looked at her in confusion and the girl then said “hurry up and take it” and squeezed her thighs together, I then knew I had to follow her.

She set off up the road at quite a pace and I quickly followed behind her, she reached the road and was stood waiting for the green man to appear and all the while was stood subtly squeezing her thighs together, which only those of omo intention would recognise as a sign of desperation. She crossed the road and started doing a midway between walk and run up the road. She got to the front of Mcdonalds and there was a huge crowd of people, with it being busy in town it was packed inside and she slowly made her way inside and I followed. She headed for the toilets and I thought my fun was over until a staff member stopped her and informed her that if she wasn't a customer she could not use the toilets and after asking him to make an exception he said no explaining that because of the huge crowds outside loads of people were trying to use them and were blocking up the restaurant.

She then turned round and headed out the door and tried next door in Subway but had the same problem in there, a problem for her but not for me ;)....she came out and headed back down to where her friends were. Her friend went to give her her bag back but she said “i haven’t been yet, they wouldn’t let me use them because I wasn’t a customer....where else is there I could go” and her friend said “i don’t know let me think”....

“well think fast cos I'm quite desperate” replied the girl and proceeded to cross her legs and bob up and down, which as you can imagine seeing and hearing that turned me on something wicked :p.

Her friend thought for a moment then said “go to the bus station, its not too far”

“good idea ill be back in a bit” she replied and set off and her friend shouted “hang on ill come with ya”...so they both set off towards the bus station, with me closely following behind :p

They made their way through the crowd and went into the alleyway which cuts through and leads straight to the bus station. Once down the alleyway and out of the crowds she became a lot more vocal about her need saying to her friend “come on, hurry up, I need a wee” and all the while kept squeezing her legs together. All of a sudden she stopped dead and grabbed herself, bending forward causing her leggings to stretch and go see through, which obviously only lead to me becoming more aroused...

Her friend turned round and asked what was up to which the girl replied “whats up....WHATS UP....im nearly wetting myself is what’s up” and then she said “I might just have to go here”...which the thought that she was desperate enough to consider peeing right there was so arousing.

“you cant go here, there’s people about, just come on” said her friend and they set off again. Upon reaching the bus station, after many stops of leg crossing and bobbing along the way, they went down to where the toilets were and found the ladies were closed for cleaning and seeing this the girl nearly cried “oh god what now” her friend then pointed out it said to use the disabled one round the corner. They went round and outside the disabled toilet were two woman. They joined the queue and just as they did the first of the two woman went in. She stood there with her hand in her crotch bobbing up and down and crossing her legs and every time she crossed her legs she made little gasping noises and sucked air through her teeth and those noises were driving me crazy.

The second woman then came out and she was left standing outside the door doing her cross legged gasping routine....she then suddenly let out a moan and began dancing on the spot and then she aid something which nearly floored me.... “oooo hurry up, I cant hold it much longer, if she doesn’t hurry up I'm gonna burst”. Then she started bobbing going “oh, oh, oh, oh” over and over. Eventually the woman vacated the toilet and she ran in and came out a few minutes later looking very relieved and I watched her walk off and couldn’t help but imagine that her knickers were not entirely dry and had a nice little wet patch on the front.

