What I did

Author: littleleo

*000*2015-08-14 14:41

I met up with a few of my old friends from high school recently, and it turned out to be quite a funny night. In hindsight I decided to share how I remember the evening went along with you just for the sake of not having to keep it to myself. So I arrived at his place a bit earlier than I thought I would and had to wait a little until they got back. His parents were home, but I didn't want to disturb them so I waited outside. 

When the host came back with another old friend who'd arrived even earlier than me, we brought the groceries and drinks they had bought back into the house and put them on the kitchen counter. My friend, who I'm going to be calling Paul, poured each of us a drink and we went to sit outside on the patio leading up to the garden. I was sipping my drink which was made of some sort of liquor and pineapple juice, and we were chatting about old times and recent developments. Then some more friends joined us a little later, that was around 7pm but seeing how it was a typical summer day the sun was still up and shining.

I'm going to fast-forward a little bit here by summing up that we cooked and ate dinner all together, still outside because the day just didn't seem to want to cool off and even afterwards we kept sitting outside until early in the morning. At that point all of us had put on jumpers but it was still very comfortable outside, or at least that's what I thought. Most of them had left for the toilet once or twice and I think that was when I was at my third drink. (I was drinking coke out of my bottle too, so as to not get drunk too quickly.) Still didn't really need to use the toilet which I thought was weird, because alcohol usually makes me get desperate quite quickly.

At some point we decided to go inside, there were only 4 of us left everyone else had gone home. We sat on the couches and I was drinking my fourth drink and realised I was getting a little tipsy, nothing I couldn't handle though. One of the four of us went to sleep right away, pretty much when we went inside so there was basically Paul and this other boy who I'm going to call Jason (who used to go to our class as well) left.

We were considering options of what we could do and ended up playing a card drinking game. We made it through one round and didn't even really play it right and I started to slightly feel the need to pee. It was around 4am by then, so I rolled myself a cigarette and went outside for a smoke while Paul seemed to be falling asleep on the couch with Jason trying to keep him awake by talking to him. I went outside into the garden and it was raining a little bit, which was actually refreshing.

I went to have a peak through the window and saw Paul fast asleep and Jason seemed to have given up on trying to get him to wake up again and was also lying on the couch now, his back turned to the window I was peeping through. I waited there a little, just looking at both of them obviously falling deeper and deeper into sleep.Suddenly it hit me that I really had to use the toilet quite bad by then and I imagined how emberrassing it would be to have an accident in front of the window if Paul suddenly woke up and opened his eyes. That thought sent shivers trembling all through my body. That's when it happened.

A little spurt of pee landed right in my knickers before I even realised what was happening to me and a second one was on its way. I felt this damp feeling in my underwear and crossed my legs as well as I could, grabbing for my crotch while checking in panic if both of them were still sleeping. I relaxed when I saw their dreamy faces and actually managed to hold on. I decided it would be a good idea to sit down somewhere and just finish the rest of my smoke as quickly as I could, realising I had overestimated my bladder a little.

As I was sitting there I felt a little desperate, especially because I had forgotten to bring a pair of clean underpants but it at the same time I still felt my clit tingling in my damp undies which turned me on incredibly. All at once I realised me getting back into the house in order to use the loo would involve quite a big risk of having an accident, especially sinde I hadn't used the toilets since the last time I was there which was probably more than three years ago and my memory isn't really at its best whenever I'm drunk, which I must admit I was by then. I put my hand on my stomach and let it slide over the area of my bladder, which felt kind of swollen and almost like it was about to burst. I looked up to the windows, on the veranda the lights were still on but none of the lights on the upper floor bed rooms was on and I hoped most people would be asleep at this time of the day.

After considering for about 5 minutes if Paul's parents were sleeping or not and if it what I was considering to do could be seen as immoral, it hit me when I had no more time to consider anything because my bladder called for immediate action. In a rush I jumped behind the gas grill, which cast the broadest shadow in proximity, pulled my undies to the side and just let go. I guess I peed for about half a minute and I could hear the hissing sound and felt my entire body sustaining waves of trembling, almost like I was having an orgasm. I felt so relieved but at the same time bad about what I had just done. I shook off the last drops with a little shake from my hips and went back inside (after pouring some water on the spot where I estimated I had peed).

I hoped the boys would just keep sleeping and was going to try and catch some sleep myself in the armchair, using my skirt as a protection in order not to have my dirty knickers touch the couch. To my surprise both of them woke up when I went back inside and I must have been blushing but I think both of them were to sleepy to realise. Paul shook his head, murmured something like: "there are beds upstairs" stood up and went upstairs. I took his place on the couch, took of the jumper Paul had lent me and used it as a blanket.

"So, which ones of the beds are free do you think? Do you remember where any of those supposed beds are?" I asked him. He didn't know and we decided it'd be better not to make a lot of unnecessary noise so we just stayed on the couch.

I couldn't sleep for a while because whenever I closed my eyes my head started to feel like everything was spinning so I got up in a hurry and tried to remember where the bathroom was. I felt really sick and tried the first door and for once got lucky to make it in time. Won't go into any detail about this because it's rather yucky. Seeing how I had already made my way to the toilet I used the chance to take of my knickers which had dried a little but were still kind of wet. I cleaned the bit that got wet in the sink with a little bit of soap, drenched the water out of them and put them back on. Then I went back to the couch, where Jason had woken up and asked me if I was alright. I told him I felt better now and that I was sorry for waking him up. Then lay down on the couch.

Then I sat up again because I felt kind of cold and realised I had lost the jumper I was using as a blanket on my way to the bathroom. I was trying to make out where I had lost it but couldn't really see anything. That's when Jason got up and came back to the couch with my jumper, even though I hadn't even said anything. I said thank you and he padded my head and said I should go back to sleep. I told him to sleep well and finally managed to fall asleep. We left the other day at around 4pm and I don't think anyone noticed what I did because everyone seemed to behave as they usually would.

So yeah, I did that and it's not that I'm proud of it but in hindsight there's nothing I can do about what I did, except for hoping that none of them will ever find out.

*003*2015-08-14 18:07

{{ 

It's good nobody noticed, it's good you went outside because it could've been bad if you had an accident inside.

}}

That's true I guess hehe

{{ 

What's a little naughty peeing among friends? I wouldn't worry about wetting your knickers or peeing behind the grill. Maybe you'll think to bring spare panties or even wear a pullup the next time you go out drinking or partying. Thanks for sharing your experience here!

}}

Well it's not that I consider it such a bad thing to do but since we were at his parent's place it was a little weird to me that's all. I'm pretty sure Paul wouldn't mind but I don't know about his parents though :D. Well the drinking was rather spontaneous and I usually don't think of bringing spare clothes anywhere so yeah, but I might try!

*005*2015-08-18 11:39

How can we ever know but in the end I think I shouldn't wrap my head around right and wrong too much. I'll just adapt R. A. Heinlein's view who said:

"I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do."

