Semi-Public wetting takes a twist

Author: Kiddchaos

*000*2014-05-31 19:08

I've been into omorashi and wetting for a while now. I think freshman year I really started to understand it. Since then I've wet myself in several more and more daring places. But it's never gone quite like this.

Last night I attended a local car meet me and my friends like to go to. Most of my closer friends bailed this week but I ended up going with some friend's friends. Knowing this would be a shorter night. I decided to pick up a half gallon of tea and have some fun after. I purchased the tea and began drink it around 9:30. My acquaintances arrived and we left for the met around quarter till 10.

The meet was kind of dull but it's better that way, police are less likely to be called. We walked amongst the cars and I grew desperate quite quickly. One of my friends said he needed the rest room so I joined him knowing I wouldn't make it the rest of the meet. By the time I relieved myself I was in slight pain so I knew I was pushing myself.

We went back to the cars and I drank more tea until it was about three quarters empty. After another hour and a half I was in mild pain again so I relieved myself again. All was going to plan, I was hoping to weaken my bladder through repeated holds.

After the I finished my tea (half gallon of liquid in about two hours) and my buddy heard out to sell his c-pillar brace. He met a buyer who talked him down a bit but he sold it. After this we s a group made one last lap brought the cars, talked for a bit and they left. I made one more round and decided since my bladder was starting to be noticeable again I would leave.

I decided to drive around a while to increase my desperation. I drove through Main Street in Newark twice, which was maybe fifteen minutes away and then began my way home. I almost went onto the highway when I decided to wet myself somewhere kind of public. You guys know, people nearby but not watching. I stopped at a mcdonalds found a kind of private parking spot but there was a truck driver near by. I decided I wanted to do it at the door sot here would be a puddle for someone to see. I couldn't convince myself to do it with the truck driver so close, so I went across the street to a KFC Taco Bell. No one was nearby so I walked to the back door. I saw an employee inside but he didn't see me. I pulled on the door knowing full well it was locked. Then I turned in circles a few times like what am I going to do?

Then I relaxed, and the relief swept over me. It felt so good. Pee running down my shorts and legs, splashing on the ground and running into my shoes. Then it happened the door moved. Why did it move it locked and no ones allowed in. One of the employees running he late night drive thru was leaving. It was the same boy from before, but he didn't seem to notice my predicament. However his manager looked at me, and I think she looked me up and down so she must have noticed. All she said to me was "umm we're closed". I was in total shock all I could do was say "oh ok" and walk away with the kid who was leaving.

I stood next to my car shaking. I realized I hadn't finished relieving myself so I did, the kid was in his car and his manager inside so I don't think anyone saw that part. For those of you who are car fans and take pride in your driving, my pedal and shift work was like I was learning to drive stick again. I didn't stall but I was horribly rough because I was shaking so bad.

When I got home I took a couple of pictures, I would've gotten the puddle but I didn't have the nerve to do that. I've always want to have a public wetting like that, it was such a thrill even if I couldn't hardly control my body after. I hope you enjoyed reading the pictures are below, you can kinda see the wetness on my right leg and my seats wet from me sitting on it.

