Wetting on hold

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2014-05-19 17:33

Hey all, Today I had an unplanned wetting which turned out quite nice.

I have been at work all day for about 7 hours and hadn't peed at work. I had drank quite a lot but didn't really notice my need to pee at all really.

On the way home I kinda needed it a bit sorta 6/7 out of 10 on the desperation scale.

Anyways quick back story really. I have been having a fair amount of trouble with my house phone recently and it has been working on and off for a while now. The phone company said when it was working ring them from the house phone connected to the first socket in the house and they can do a line test.

I came back from work and picked the phone up. It sounded like it was working so I dialled the phone company. I was put on hold and was 6th in the queue to get through to an operator. That is when I started to notice my urge to pee. It was kinda like when you play hide and seek as a child and when you hid the urge suddenly went up.

I stood next to the phone for ages it came to about 15 minutes before I got to 2nd in the line. I was actually really quite full and the last couple of coffees of the day were starting to hit me. I was wearing my black skirt, black leggings, and black ankle boots.

I pulled my spinny office chair over and sat down with my hands between my legs. I was totally bursting by the time I finally got through to an operator. I spoke to them for about 2 minutes while they asked me some details and then PUT ME BACK ON HOLD!!

I was totally bursting by now and I was having to sit with my hand between my legs constantly. I was 3rd in a different queue AGAIN!!

I sat on the edge of my leather chair squeezing my private area when suddenly I spurted into my hand. I squeezed tighter and managed to stop the flow and squished my hand between my legs.

I sat and waited for another 5 mins every now and then a leak escaped and wet my hand. There was nothing I could do ;) hehe

Finally my poor bladder gave in and just spasmed forcing my pee out. There was no chance I was stopping it. I sat on the edge of the chair as the pee flooded out between my legs and poured down the back of my legs and into my boots totally soaking my feet. I was absolutely soaked. I was amazed at how much I had been holding back to be honest.

Then finally I got through to someone who asked me to check all my phone sockets to make sure that the ADSL filters were in correctly. I had to walk around my house in my soaked leggings and pee filled boots to check the one in the bedroom haha :P

I was genuinely turned on sitting soaking wet from a genuine unplanned wetting :D So much fun.

Seeds x

*001*2014-05-19 18:20

Hehe just peed through my panties and leggings again ;) so refreshing and warm

*004*2014-05-19 21:01

It was annoying but at the end of the day I have had some naughty fun out of it and that made it worth the wait :P haha

*009*2014-05-22 16:53

I had a cordless phone but I put my old one back in to see if it was what was causing the problems. I then had to phone this line for some line test or something and to help describe when and what happens.

