She "simply exploded"

Author: jngroot

*000*2013-06-13 11:32

When I was around 25 years old, I had a girlfriend of about the same age and we went on holiday to Spain. We had booked a flight, a rental car and an appartment in a small compound in a village near the sea.

We both were not really the kind of people to hang out on the beach all day, so we used the car almost daily for sightseeing. The usual schedual was to visit some village or attraction in the morning when the temperature was bearable, have an extensive lunch somewhere and then go to a beach to relax until it was time to think about dinner.

On this one day, we had visited some ancient site with the remains of buildings from the time of the Roman empire. After that we had lunch in a charming restaurant, and then we went to a small, very quiet beach. The beach was not really good for swimming because of stones and rocks near the shoreline, but it was pretty much OK for relaxing and cool off at least your feet.

After a while, I noticed that my girlfriend was beginning to be uncomfortable. Instead of quietly sitting or laying down, she became fidgety and nervous. I said nothing. She went to the shore, inspected the sea, decided it was not for swimming and came back, looking unhappy. She sat down, laid herself to rest for 10 seconds, stood up, sat down again, held her hand against the lower side of her belly and said these 5 words: I really have to pee.

This was not too much of a surprise. She had not taken the opportunity to use the restroom in the restaurant, but she had taken the opportunity to drink 2 fairly large beers (and also water) because I was the designated driver for that day. The beach was quiet and had no facilities what so ever, it was clear that secretly peeing in the water was not a very attractive idea because of all the rocks. So I suggested to go pee behind a few large rocks further down the beach.

I think she was seriously considering the option. We were however not the only couple on the beach and her being a well-raised and pride girl, going behind some rocks for such a clear purpose when other people could notice was really too much. She said she would hold it until the appartment, and immediatly asked if we could go back.

Now I have to admit that her desperation was quite arousing, but I did not like to see her in pain or serious trouble. We took our stuff and walked back to the car to go back to the appartment. It was clear that her urges were getting pretty bad; it was difficult for her to walk. She did not hold her crotch but she did constantly have a hand on her lower abdomen, as if to assure her bladder that things would be OK soon. Once again I suggested to go pee, this time in the bushes around the small car park, but once again she declined this.

The drive back was only 15 minutes or so. Now the appartment was on a road where it was difficult to park. and when we started driving she had already asked me to let her out of the car in front of the appartment, and then go park the car on my own. That was fine with me.

During the short ride, it was clear that she was really in agony. I had never seen her like that before. She could not sit still and she got very nervous when we had to wait for the 1 traffic light in the village.

Finally, we were there. I left her out of the car and she made a dash to the appartment while I drove to the car park.

And then I saw something... the key of the appartment being attached to the car key. Until that morning, she had the apartment key and I had the car keys, but she had decided it was easier to have the keys together. I smiled and wondered how she would solve this without me.

I parked the car, walked back to the apartment, and there she was: in front of the entrance door, crossed legged and... with a huge puddle on the floor. It was clear she had wet herself, and not just a few drops or even a few spurts.

She was not very emotional, she just asked if I could quickly open the door. I said, why the hurry, it seems it's too late anyhow and this even made her laugh.

Of course we discussed this afterwards. She asked me to never tell this to anyone. Which I would n't have done, but she told the story to a few of her friends and to her sisters so it was not really much of a secret anymore. Then she said that she 'simply exploded' when she found out she could n't get in the appartment. Sometimes life sucks for one person and life is great for another person sharing the very same event..

*003*2013-06-14 19:10

{{ 

Great account. Too bad you didn't get to witness such awesomeness. Thank you for sharing.

}}

Yes, I missed the show. But the result was still very impressive.

Genuine wettings are rare, at least in my experience. Slight desperation is quite common, extreme desperation is already quite rare because it's something that people usually like to avoid. And even the very desperate people 99% of the time usually find a bathroom in time instead of peeing their pants. So if something like this happens, I still can appreciate it very much even when entering the stage right after the action...

