Johanna's little accident

Author: Guest Britney

*000*2013-10-23 01:35

Ok, yesterday, I made a story of a wetting accident I had a few months back. In the story I mentioned a girl, Johanna, that was with me, and that she had a pee accident once, because of her fear of going to a public bathroom alone.

There were so many requests about posting the story of that accident, I decided to post it here.

I was actually not there when it happened, but I have heard the story from the ones who were with her, and I have also heard the story from Johanna herself, so it should get as accurate as possible.

Johanna is a 17 years old girl, with a nice body, blonde hair and blue eyes. That day she was wearing blue jeans, white tank-top and a denim jacket.

She was with 3 other girls, a redhead named Alexandra (called Alex), a brunette named Margret and one other blonde I don't remember the name of, so let's call her Kirsten.

The story takes place in Spain, it was summertime and they were on a summer vacation, and decided to take a trip to Spain, I would have joined them but I didn't have the money for it at the time.

They had just left the beach and were walking their way back to the hotel when Alex said she was getting hungry, so they decided to stop at a restaurant that was nearby. They all ordered the same thing, a delicious steak, and a big soda. After they had finished eating, they stood up and were going to leave, but Johanna decided to have another big soda, since it was sooo hot outside.

They had been walking for about five minutes when Johanna felt the need to pee, but she ignored it, hoping they'd reach the hotel in time. After about 10 minutes later she Johanna was getting desperate and there were still around 20 minutes to the hotel.

Margret noticed something was wrong and asked her if Johanna was ok. Johanna said "Yea, I just have to pee pretty bad, but I'll manage".

"OK" Margret said with a doubtful look on her face, but after a while she noticed a public bathroom.

She pointed at it and said "Johanna, there's a toilet, you can go relief yourself over there!". By that time Johanna was exploding, not knowing how much longer she could hold on. "Thanks, but, I don't think I have to go THAT badly". She cursed her phobia for public bathrooms and wished she could just go there and let it all out.

She was already at her limits when she noticed the second public bathroom, so she said quietly to the other girls "Can anyone go with me to the restroom over there? I think I won't make it to the hotel in time". Kirsten was the only one who knew about Johanna's phobia, so she volunteered to go with her.

As they were walking to the toilets Johanna suddenly felt that she couldn't hold it all in anymore, and felt the pee leak into her panties, completely soaking them, but she managed to stop it before it started to appear on her jeans, well, almost, there was a tiny little spot starting to form, but it was barely visible. Kirsten figured out what had happened really quickly, first of all by the smell that came and she also noticed Johanna was sobbing a little.

"Come on, just a little further" she said to Johanna, trying to encourage her.

They finally arrived at the restroom and Johanna rushed inside, but when she was just about to open the door, it was too late. She felt the pee stream straight through her panties and made a large visible spot on her crotch area.

She was unable to hold it in, and there she stood, wetting her pants like a little child. She was unable to stop herself from bursting into tears, and soon found herself crying on Kirsten's shoulders, cursing herself and her phobia over and over again.

The two girls walked back to Alex and Margret, and when they saw what had happened, Alex said "Oh my god, are you ok? I told you to go sooner!" but Margret said "Eew, this is what happens when you hold it in too long! Why didn't you go sooner anyway?" Johanna felt the tears starting to come out again, and she rushed ahead of the girls, embarrassed and hurt.

When she arrived at the hotel, she immediately changed her clothes, showered and went out again before the other girls came back. Johanna came back very late. I don't know where she went or where she was at for the rest of that day, but I do know she was not enjoying herself.

When she came home all of the other girls had fallen asleep, so Johanna decided to have her revenge on Margret, since she was the one who insulted her and made her feel so bad. She had heard that putting the hand of a sleeping person in a warm water would make her pee herself, so she decided to see if it was true. She took a bowl and filled it with warm water, then put Margret's hand in it.

After waiting for about 5 minutes, she noticed that the look on Margret's face was getting a little odd, so she looked under her blanket, and saw a wet spot appear on the back of Margret's panties, until there was a obvious wet spot on the sheets.

Johanna then quietly removed all evidence of her actions and went off to sleep. She woke up to a scream, and she knew exactly what it was. She noticed that Margret was about to burst in tears and decided to act all surprised said she felt so sorry for her, that these things can happen.

After that, Margret apologized to Johanna for how she had acted, and to Johanna she looked just miserable, sitting there in wet panties on her wet sheets crying and saying "I'm so sorry".

The girls later cleaned up the sheets together, and nobody had any idea this was Johanna's doing, and they still don't know this very day.

Hope you all enjoyed the story :D I plan on making fictions, if you guys are interested, but there will also be some male wetting ones, since after all, I am a girl ;D

