A real public wetting experience I just had

Author: Barry

*000*2017-11-20 09:54

On the weekend just gone, I had a potentially embarrassing public mishap, although it wasn’t as bad as what it could’ve been.

I have a pair of board shorts that are cotton, with a white silky lining, that are an extremely dark camouflage pattern, almost black. I know from experience that I can wet them, and it’s almost invisible, about as invisible as wet pants can be, anyway.

But I am not into public wetting at all, unless it’s hidden in a diaper.

I wasn’t having a great day. A lot of personal stuff had gone wrong, and I started drinking quite heavily. Meh. It’s what I do.

I was productive though. Got the pressure washer out, and cleaned the porch, car port, and driveway, before starting on the car. Over a few hours, I drank 8 beers.

When my soon to be ex wife decided to go visiting a friend, I took my chance to wet myself in the car port while washing the car. It flooded out of me almost perfectly clear, completely soaking my shorts, legs, and feet. For the record I had no underwear on.

Anyway, twenty minutes later my shorts were almost perfectly dry, with no visible stain.

I decided I wanted to go to my local sports club. It’s almost 7kms away, and I was now 10 beers in, so I certainly couldn’t drive. Screw it! It was a nice day for a walk! I packed a little cooler with 3 more beers and headed off, still in my camo shorts, and after peeing in the toilet twice more.

The entire walk is along an ocean side path, great views, and two public toilets along the way, which is good, because when I’ve been drinking and “break the seal,” I’ll be peeing every 20-30 minutes or so.

I used both toilets and drank my 3 beers during the first 5kms of my walk.

About 2kms from my destination, I ran into some elderly friends of mine, and stopped to talk for about ten minutes. During this time, my desperation levels go from basically nothing, to around 7/10 very quickly......

I keep walking, and it’s building up quickly. I certainly wasn’t in any danger of a real accident, but it was definitely starting to become uncomfortable, and I still had 20+ minutes of walking in front of me before reaching the club.

Suddenly, I’m past the main beach and the boat ramp, at the dog walking section. To the right of my path is a park area, with a busy road beside it, but nobody in the actual park itself, and there’s nobody on the dog beach, the jetty, or the boat ramp......

Heres my chance! Even though it’s nearly 5pm on a sunny Saturday afternoon, there’s actually no one around in the immediate vicinity!

I step off the path, onto the beach, behind a low sand dune which I can see over. I pull my shorts down at the front, facing the path, park, and road, and give a strong push.

Immediately, a strong flow of clear urine erupts. Bliss. Instant relief.

But.....

Suddenly I see two heads moving towards me from front on, a couple crossing the road, and another fast approaching from the direction I’ve just come from, a jogger.

I can’t possibly empty myself fully in time, before three people all converge above the spot where I’m peeing.

So I push as hard as I can, then clamp down, stopping the relieving flow, then tuck away again, quickly pulling my shorts back up again.

But, disaster strikes.

My half drunken, 13 beer bladder won’t stop, and another strong eruption occurs, this time inside my shorts. It took a good 4 seconds to stop peeing, and by that stage the entire front of my shorts were completely saturated, and pee was running down my right leg.....

I immediately resigned myself to perhaps having to wade into the water, then turning around and walking the 5 or so kms back home again. But, apart from being a bit glistening, the wet spot really wasn’t visible, although it was huge.

I remembered how quickly they’d dried before at home, and the park wasn’t busy, and I was walking directly into a fairly strong breeze, so I decided to keep walking instead.

By walking carefully, I was able to avoid approaching anyone from directly front on, and ten minutes later my shorts were only just barely damp, and that was more the lining than the outside.

I stopped at the next bottle shop for one more beer to get me to the club, where I had a few more before getting picked up and going home. Not a single person ever noticed that I’d wet myself.

End tally: 2 pants wettings, 1 public, and 20 beers drank for the day.

All in all, the day turned out okay after a very stressful start

