True Accident (Male Desp and Wetting)

Author: jonathancarroll185

*000*2012-06-29 15:25

Hi guys!

It has been a while since my last post but I finally got the time to post this. well this was about 7 months ago when I didn't have a job due to been made redundant by the company I worked for. On the day I had been out for a run and after running 3.5 miles I was quite thirsty and I drank a couple of pints of water. After showering and getting changed I had to go to a relative's house and fix their computer. I was wearing a black t-shirt and light blue jeans. After walking to the bus stop to get the bus into town, the urge to pee kicked in but I knew I could hold it until I got to my relative's house. 

The bus I was waiting for never showed then I had to wait for the next one which was a 30 minutes wait. It eventually showed after 45 minutes and I was starting to get desperate to pee by this point. The bus had to go on a detour due to some roadworks which took longer to get to town. I was on the bus for about 45 minutes and I was quite desperate to pee by this point. I had to walk to my relative's house which would take about 25 minutes from the town centre.

As I walked near to my relative's house I had to hold my cock as I needed to pee so badly. I eventually got there after 40 minutes as I had to stop a couple of times as I was trying to hold it without holding my cock but when I let go of it I felt myself starting to pee. I was lucky I managed to stop it before any pee hit my jeans. I knocked on her door and when she eventually came to the door I told her I was dying to pee and could I use her toilet? she said yeah sure but a friend of her's is in there at the moment, I said I should be able to hold it. I walked quite upstairs and I was stood outside of her bathroom, holding and pinching my cock to stop myself from wetting but I knew if I let go of my cock, I will pee in my jeans.

After 20 minutes went by I knocked on the door and said are u done in there? but there was no response so I did try to open the door but it was locked.

Another 5 minutes went by and my relative came upstairs and saw me dying to pee and I said she is taking forever in there, I will pee in my jeans if she doesn't come out, she knocked on the door and said Come on hurry up, Jonathan is dying to pee. I couldn't hold it much longer by this point and 5 minutes later my relative came back upstairs and said I don't know what she is doing in there but if you can't hold it any longer, just pee yourself. I said OK, I can't hold it anymore and I left go of my cock and I felt the pee starting to come out and a small wet spot turned into a very big one which went all the way down my legs, as I started to pee, I put my hands on my sides and I said it feels great to finally pee. I pissed for over a minute and there was a large puddle on the floor. After I had pissed in my jeans, I did stay in them for a bit until my aunty did wash my jeans.

Hope you like the story.

Jonathan

