Female input on man-thongs

Author: gummistiefeln

*000*2015-11-09 22:27

I recently bought a pack of male string-bikini man-thongs from Walmart as a semi-joke for my GF, and I already surprised her with a show. I have these things hanging around, and I feel like I should get some more use out of them. I'm not fat, but I'm also not fit enough to be wearing these seriously, but I'm wondering if any ladies out there would be interested in seeing a male desperation clip with me in one of these. Thoughts, opinions from some ladies out there? If I get any interest from here, then late tonight, after my shift lets off, I will let myself get desperate towards the end of my shift and record a little desperation clip for you ;). Let me know whether you girls would like to see me just in the thong, or if I should wet my Levi's a little and then pull them Dow. A bit so you see me wetting the thing which then drips down into my jeans that I pull back up to show off my wetness ;). I wAnt to do this late tonight, so let me know what kind of scene you want me to play out and I'll make it happen! (Just giving back for all you ladies that post awesome videos of yourselves)

*002*2015-11-10 12:00

I'm currently drinking Pepsi and bourbon, so I'll be getting there soon enough ;)

*003*2015-11-10 13:08

So i wet but fucked up the recording (hit record twice, so no real footage.) I took pics of the aftermath, and, well, let me just post what I put in the live-action thread:

So I hit critical mass and completely wet myself. Unfortunately I fucked up and hit record twice so there is no video of the wetting, however I did snap a ton of pictures of the aftermath and, if y'all want it, I took a short video of me peeing on my already-soaked pants laying on the ground. Let me know if I should post this clip, because my "lil' feller" is clearly visible in parts of the clip while I'm peeing. Let me know, and I'll do some editing magic to make the contrast look better. Pics soon, first I need a shower ;)

So, yeah. I know the nudity rules here are a bit strict, but if ya'll don't mind some cock-based photo-bombing then I'll gladlu post the short clip I have. If I get a good response, then maybe I'll make a follow-up video tomorrow. Anyways, will post pics in the next hour or so, really need a shower after the mess I just made ;)

*004*2015-11-10 15:55

So I took a shit-load of pictures and dug through the best ones to post here. There are more, but I have to fix the colors and I'm not sure if it's worth the effort. Here's what I got, let me know if you want that cock-heavy video.

Right now I am starting another hold with me in several layers of thongs and form-fitting boxer-briefs, and my plan is to wait until I am completely desperate and wet, slowly, a little bit in each layer as it comes off until I get to the last one and completely soak myself. Hit me up in PM if you want to be in on this live, I love an audience ;)

