First Grade (The Only Memorable Accident)

Author: MrSmallman

*000*2014-03-03 05:08

I haven't shared this story with anyone since it happened, so I guess you Guys are special. :)

Background: I was in first grade and probably 5 or 6 at the time this happened. There was a large line for the small bathroom's since everyone was using them to deal drugs at the time (Just kidding, haha.)

I for some reason had a serious urge to use the bathroom, not sure why, but I really had to go. I was wearing a blue long sleeved shirt, boot cut jeans, and my favorite work boots. I was standing in line clutching my privates and hold foe what seemed to be an hour. I asked the "noon aid" (lunch and recess monitors) if I could go, but she said I would have to wait until someone came out, which, unfortunately for me, no one did. I waited and waited until I was really bursting, and couldn't hold it any longer. I let go and the pee soaked the jeans. I distinctly remember the warmth on my legs and feeling of relief.

After, apparently the noon aid still hadn't noticed, because little naive me thought I could just go in, dry up with paper towels and keep it a secret. Then, to my dismay, comes little *bobby* and points it out to her. Oh, the rage I had towards that kid. She told that if she knew I had to go that bad she woulda let me go, which made me even angrier cuz I told her I HAD to go. I was sent to the nurse's office and my mom was really surprised that that happened, and I told her the truth. Well, I changed, and believe not to much came out of it after some time passed. For sow reason though, I just completely hated *bobby* for the rest of my schooling at the Elementary School. However, that kid was "Mr. Perfect", and a huge snitch that alot of kid didn't like.

* I remember the kid's full name, but don't feel it's right to mention it, so he's *bobby* .

This is the accident I can remember ever having. Whether or not there where more is beyond me.

*002*2014-03-03 05:58

{{ 

Haha good story! Something similar happened to me at a local park I used to go to with my mom nearly every day when I was little. Long story short; the bathrooms were a fairly far walk from where the playground was and I was far too busy playing with friends to have time to go. I can still remember spending nearly an hour attempting to run around and play with my legs crossed and my hand pressed against my crotch. Well eventually as I was playing I felt a surge of warmth from my shorts and soon pee was flowing down my legs immediately attracting the attention of all the other kids. 

Simply glad that I didn't have a full bladder to bother me anymore I continued playing hoping my shorts would dry soon enough. However, just like in your story there was that one kid, in this case it was a little girl (whose name I can no longer remember) who ran over to the parents who were all sitting and talking at some picnic tables nearby and told them that a boy had wet himself. I ended up standing infront of all the parents and kids in my soaked shorts and having to go home early that day leading me to greatly dislike that one girl for a long time.

}}

Yeah, I also believe this may have ccaused my omorashi interests.

