Watching his desperation

Author: mistresskitten

*000*2015-01-28 04:26

About two years ago, I was nineteen dating an eighteen-year-old boy. We would drink and smoke, then drive around with a designated driver--as I'm sure many teenagers did. This particular night, we just smoked at the part and I was the designated driver. My boyfriend was in the front seat and his friends--pat and ben--were in the back. As I drove, with no actual destination, he said "I need to pee pretty bad right now." I asked if he wanted me to find somewhere to pull over, since we were on the highway an had just passed an exit. He said he could hold it until we got there.

It was another five minutes until we reached it. As I was pulling off, he put his hand between his legs and gripped his cock with a bit of a moan. He was obviously very desperate from the beer he had earlier and trying not to let his friends know. After another minute, he was shifting around in his seat constantly. He always seemed to be moving, like he couldn't sit still without losing it. His hand was permanently on his dick, gripping it every once in a while to stop himself from peeing. I was hyper aware of this as I was driving, going a bit slower than I normally would to watch him struggling.

When we were less than a minute from the gas station, his friends were noticing the desperation. "That sucks, man, it must feel awful," his friend pat said.

I could feel myself getting wet as he said that and my boyfriend continuously squirmed. "I need to go now, I can't hold it," he told me, an expression of fear on his face.

He looked like he wanted to pee in his pants at that moment because the pressure was so painful. He was moaning softly more often now. At one point, as I pulled in to the gas station, he squeezed extremely hard, legs jiggling up and down, and closed his eyes tightly. When he moved his hand and I parked the car, I turned to him and noticed a small wet spot. He opened the door before the car even stopped and ran to the bathroom. The door to the bathroom was outside, so I saw him standing in front of it, dancing and holding his crotch, as he knocked frantically. Someone was in the bathroom, so I got to sit and watch him try so hard not to lose it.

As he waited, his friend Pat got out of the car and stood in front of it to hide himself from view. He took his dick out and started peeing in front of the car. I tried not to watch him too obviously, but I could see his stream as he relieved himself. When I looked back up, someone was leaving the bathroom, and my boyfriend ran in immediately. His friend, pat, got back in the car and closed the door. "That felt amazing, why didn't he just piss on the car?"

After two full minutes, my boyfriend returned to the car, still covering his crotch with his hand. When he sat down, I noticed the wet spot was a lot larger. He looked away from me, embarrassed, so I said nothing. Luckily, his friends never saw his slight accident because I drove everyone home right after. I fantasized the entire way home about him losing it with me in private, where I could help him hold by jerking him off.

