Locked Bathroom

Author: Jarate

*000*2013-07-30 12:18

Hello friends,

My name is Tess and I want to share a story, which happened a week ago. Sorry if my English is a bit sloppy, I'm from the Netherlands.

Let's start: I have a brother, and he's 2 years younger than me. He always teases me when I'm on my period, or everything ashaming a girl can have. We have one bathroom, so it's really annoying if you have to pee but someone else is using it. I was laying in bed, watching YouTube, but suddenly, I felt a sour feeling in my bladder. I had to pee. I walked to the bathroom, but when I had arrived, the door was locked. I knocked the door and my brother answered. I asked him if he was done and I could go. He simply answered 'No' and that I had to go F myself. I went to bed and continued watching YouTube video's, with the annoying feeling of my bladder. It was 1 AM already. I wanted to go to sleep but I can't sleep with a full bladder.

At about 1:30 AM the feeling got a bit worse. It started raining. I used one hand to keep it calm down there and the other one to support my phone for watching video's.

At 2 AM I went checking if my brother was still on the bathroom. And he was. I was squirming my legs together while walking. I know that I couldn't hold it for long. And the rain made it a nightmare. I stopped watching videos and just squirming my legs together, and pushing on my pussy so I wouldn't leak.

2:30 AM, I almost fell asleep, but I knew, if I would go to sleep, I would wet myself. I got really tired. But then, I felt a small warm feeling. I was leaking. I pushed so hard. Then, I felt another drip. I got up, and turned the light on to see what the damage was. There was a small wet spot. Then I got the stupidest idea ever, but I had no choice: To go downstairs and pee in the sink. I ran downstairs with my hands between my legs. I was leaking even more.

When I got downstairs, I pulled my panties down and climbed up on the counter as fast as I could. And I peed in the sink. It wasn't a lot anymore, but it was a relief. I flushed it away with water. Then I checked my panties and they were very wet. I threw them in the laundry bag after cleaning them a bit with water. They really stank. I walked back upstairs, and I got some clean panties on, and I got to sleep, still with the good feeling of relief.

The next day, I told my parents, and now my brother is grounded for a week.

I hope you enjoyed. I just joined and I know nothing about writing these, so if you guys could give me some feedback on things to improve, let me know!

*006*2013-07-31 21:35

Thanks for all the feedback! I have a lot more stories to come! ^~^ I feel really welcomed on here!

Xx -Tessy

*015*2013-08-08 01:36

{{ 

That was great. Thanks for telling us about it. How do you say "Go F yourself" in Dutch? lol

}}

"Opflikkeren" c:{{

He was staying in the bathroom 2 hours? I wonder if he had a laptop with him... Anyway, nice story, share with us more.

}}

He had his iPad with him. My parents took it in for a week as punishment.

