The razorblade-walk of a teacher

Author: Dr. Struggles

*000*2011-09-01 09:54

Hey everyone,

I have another thing to share, that i didn't experience myself, but for it's close to the discussion in the Geometry-Topic i thought it would be the right time to tell it xD. I've started a new topic though, because it's a new story.

Well, one reason to keep my identity secret as far as possible is, that i'm going to become a teacher in the future. For that reason i know "both sides" of the school life (I've made some practical courses at school so far). But that is not about me but a good friend of mine, who's also becoming a teacher. He's already at school (he finished his exam at university) and has some, well... let's say very "alive" classes.

One day we phoned with each other and he was very upset about a - like he called it - biiig mistake he had done. The problem in his case was, that he was not strict enough with that class from the beginning, so soon the children recognized that they might be able to do whatever they wanted without consequences. One of the problems was, that the teaching was interrupted every two minutes by someone, who asked for the toilet (mostly just to have a break without needing one). To get this under control he established a new rule that everyone had to make shure, that he was on the toilet before the class started. And to make this rule effective he announced for the next times not to allow anyone to go.

Another thing was the "coming late"-problem which he wanted to fix by locking the door from the inside after the bell rang...

As he told me, this combination of two new rules was fatal...

After the rule was established, some weeks that worked quite fine. But one day: Fifteen minutes after the class started a girl, that was rather shy asked for the toilet. My friend told me, that he was in the situation of intuitively knowing that this was no acting, but on the other hand... if he allowed her to go, he would lose his last bit of respect for being not consequent. So he denied her to go. So the girl didn't ask a second time and he (he's not into our hobby) didn't really realize her urgency and desperation growing. So as he assumed - before it get's to late - she would just override the denial and just go without asking...

He just forgot about the fact that the door was locked... The girl seemingly also did. About ten minutes before the bell rang the girl just stood up and headed for the exit... no exit. My friend told me he suddenly forgot about his strictness and tried to unlock the door for her. After that was done, the girl headed out for the toilet.

She came back in the last ten minutes... she didn't make it. The next week she had not been in school, and my friend did not only loose his respect but also his sympathy in class.

He didn't really believe that something like that might happen...

So this is a story that i've been told, so i cannot guarantee that everything exactly happened as i told you, but nevertheless it's a true story.

Greetings

Dr. Struggles

*003*2011-09-05 15:55

Yes it was your story i related to. Or moreover the discussed that resulted of your story. I just wanted to tell a story from another point of view, which was the teachers in this case. Of course it's not that teachers are the evil in person. Some of them are just cruel and some even enjoy being cruel. But in this case my friend really was somewhat helpless and tried to regain the control over his class. He didn't mean to bring anyone in that situation.

Nowadays he got more routine in his job and i think he is a very good teacher. He has learned his lesson i think ;)...

