First time messing

Author: Kittykatpeeing

*000*2015-04-01 01:38

Okay so I tried my first messing today. I waited till I was home alone and grabbed a bottle of peptobismo or how ever you spell it. I didn't care for waiting a few hours. I just wanted to try it right away. So after the drinking was done I stood in the shower for a bit, maybe ten minutes later my stomach started cramping up and I farted. I felt really flustered about that. I never liked farting, in fact I try not to do it at all. Well my stomach began to hurt and I could feel my anus straining. I'm not going to lie the rush was amazing, the fact that I felt like a mere child that could be caught any moment is what kept me going. 

I put my phone down and placed both of my hands on my ass, thinking that some how that would keep me from messing. It did not, maybe five or six minutes later I felt my eyes tear up as I felt a small piece of shit leave my ass. My first thought was 'Oh god this is happening, this is really happening. I'm going to shit myself like a little kid'. I thought about giving up and as soon as I pulled the curtains open I just couldn't. My ass burned as all the shit escaped me and into my old 'kiss me' undies. I was crying like a child as some even managed to escape my panties and down my legs. Out of a scale of ten 5/10, would do if partner asked for it. Not an every day thing because of the mess and I did not enjoy cleaning up and using a whole bottle of Fabrezze. But defiantly like how I felt hot, dirty, and naughty.

*006*2015-04-01 16:41

Really? I normally use it when I have tummy aches, helps me go with no problem. I'll try naturally next time though.

*008*2015-04-02 01:06

{{:

Yes it says on the bottle hehe

}}

Oh? It still helps with my tummy aches, which is strange now. You got me all worried!

