OmoCommando's Video Game Wetting

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2013-03-22 07:55

I don't normally post here since I wet so rarely, but I decided to make an exception today.

I had been on IRC for most of the day, and had been in a nice game of truths with a few illustrious members. We talked and asked about things you'd might expect. "When did you first wet yourself on purpose?" or "Have you ever peed in a pool?" Discussing most of this had brought up those feelings from when I had first wet myself, and then I thought,

"Hey... I've never really tried to hold it for as long as I could," so I naturally have a rather untrained muscle memory for my bladder. But, regardless of whether or not people were home, I decided it was time to do a good pants pee.

Though the decision was made by me just an hour prior to the actual wetting, I hadn't gone pee since about 3:00 PM PDT. The day at work was beginning to drag on, daycare's kids were getting rambunctious, and I was feeling the fatigue beginning to wear me down. "Coffee time." I said. So as I prepare the afternoon snack, I simultaneously brew myself and the staff a late day pot of coffee. Where everyone else had a small cup, I got a 20 fl oz (approx. 600 ml) thermos. Drank the whole thing over the course of the next few hours. (bear in mind, once again, I had not yet planned on wetting myself)

I arrive home at 6 pm. I get to my room and I see the big mess on the floor. The desire to pee has only manifested itself in the slightest sense, so I payed it no heed at the time. Instead, I decided to clean. Turned out to be a very productive evening. I ended up removing an old computer that had been sitting on my desk for years, clearing a nice open spot on the floor near the foot of my bed, and my desk has now been reorganized into a quaint little music/drawing studio, containing all my art materials on the top part, and my guitar amp and pedals on the bottom. I have to say, I was quite proud.

It was then my bladder gave me my first metaphorical nudge, reminding me I had other duties to perform. Since I don't take orders from a bodily organ, I grabbed a 24 fl oz (approx. 700 ml) bottle of soda pop instead. I downed that and my dinner by at least 9 pm.

After another IRC session, and a little bit of guitar practice, my bladder stopped being nice about the reminders. "Make pee now!" I could practically hear it saying. Being the rebel that I am, it was at that moment I decided it was time for another holding, after many months since the last.

So I hop up on my bed, turn on the Wii (no pun intended) and start up a game of Mario Power Tennis. Why did I pick that? It only allows you to pause at certain times. I put the AI difficulty to its highest level, resulting in very long sessions that disallowed pausing. The sheer thought of being at a damn video game's mercy was bringing the pressure on, but I anxiously (and excitedly) powered on through. I start up the match, 5 sets of 2 games, and commence. I'm doing well at first, until the little mistakes start happening. My character is one place, and my attention drifts over to stressed out bladder. When I look back at the screen, my character is on the other side of the screen! "How did I do that!?" I ask myself. It was a sanity-shattering experience, as each volley won eased the tension slightly, where each loss would bring it back.

I finish the match, and my body begs me to go for the bathroom. But "No!" I said. "I can take the pain! One more game! Same length!" And so match 2 starts. The pain is excruciating. It is no longer confined to my bladder, but it feels like my whole lower body had an ever-expanding balloon in it, putting pressure on each body part in its way! Even my back was feeling incredibly tense (which was a not-so-fun part) With each passing second of the game, I'd grimace, a facial twitch here, a tapping foot there. I can't stop rocking back and forth. But I'm merely a step away from victory! The ball comes to me in the game and...

Spurt!

A nice burst of pee shot out from my body, and into my shorts. I miss the ball and the game goes on. I'm at my absolute limit for tolerance. My elbows are dug into my groin as I desperately try to win the game. Every impulse in my body is telling me "Just lose and go!" But my competitive pride wouldn't allow it. The full force of my held-in urine sits upon the edge of my man-parts. The slightest break in concentration could result in disaster.

I finally win. I throw my arms up in the air and jump off the bed to head for the bathroom. But the pain is too great. My legs turn to jelly, and the pain I feel in my bladder transforms into a tingling sensation upon the tip of my big boy. The next thing I know, warmth is flooding my pants in the form of liquid. Knowing other people are out and about in the house, I know it's too late. I stop fighting it, and completely give in.

Pee rages and splashes against the inside of my jeans, as I bend over slightly and let everything go. That hiss! accompanying my pee as it sprays my clothing, the subtle aroma of freshly-made urine, and the feeling of warm bliss running down my left leg, and drenching my sock.

The torrent of pee dies off, and I assumed it was over. I figure I might as well change into my nightwear at this point. I remove my soaked pants and underwear, and the lone, dripping sock and place them on the edge of my chair in front of me. But as soon as I begin to relax, as I'm standing there with no pants on and my hardened penis sticking out, the remaining half of my pee comes out. I can't stop it, and I am uncontrollably peeing all over my already soaked jeans as they hang over my chair. Powerless to fight my own body, and the euphoric feeling of relief, I just continue to pee on my pants and chair until I actually am empty.

I finish up my little session with a good standing fap, cumming absolutely everywhere, I lose my balance and I catch myself on the edge of my dresser before I fall down. I look at the mess on the floor and I just can't help but close my eyes and smile.

"Damn, that felt good. It's been far too long since I did that."

This is my first wetting experience I've shared since I first joined this site, but I hope you enjoyed reading it.

*005*2013-03-22 17:17

Wow... I didn't think this story would be that popular. I'm glad everyone enjoyed it, thank you!

Maybe perhaps I will share another one someday, but for me it's a matter of finding the right moment in which enough people are asleep/out-of-the-house, and working up the courage to share something so... personal.

Thank you all again!

