Wetting witness

Author: magimax

*000*2011-10-18 12:10

Hi, this is my first story here and I want to apologize for my bad english, I hope You will enjoy it anyway.

I was reluctant to post this story becouse it involves a preteen wetting, but its good and wetting is always wetting, so here you are:

Me and my friends in a summer night decided to go in a seaside village becouse there was a music festival in the whole town. we went there for dinner, ordered a pizza and some beer.

When the dinner was over we left and started to walk along the seaside as everyone always do in a village festival, at some point we decided to buy something in a cafè to close the dining.

Here 3 of them went in and asked for ice cream and crushed ice drink, me and 2 other friends of mine waited out.

All began there, suddenly i saw a little girl (6/7 years old i guess) that desperatly run in and out the cafè olding her crotch, she wore a grey dress and a blue sandal.

I followed her with my sight and she went to her father saying "pee-pee".

"ok" i though "now they will go and find a bathroom for her". but that didn't happened, instead another little girl (her sister i guess may 1 or 2 years older) grabbed her from behind raising her a bit and pushing her hands in the littlest one belly, soon she started to fight to get back and free but i see her freeze a bit for a moment and the eldest girl suddenly free her sister and start laughing: the little girl started to pee herself and soon made a little pool betwenn her feets, the father turned around and sayd "not on yourself" then went back to chat with his friend leaving the little girl wetting.

At this point I was shivering a bit for exitement but i had to pretend becous of my friends near me.

She stopped peeing a bit and raised the little dress and i saw really well the wet spot on her white panties. then she spread her legs again and finish peeing, now the pool was a lot bigger then before and she wets also her leg and sandals. as she finished wetting she came back to her father and kept going on as nothing happened. with 2 big pool of pee on the floor and sandals wet footprints under her.

1 or 2 mins later my friends came out from the cafè and we finished the tour, noone there noticed that wetting as they were too busy to show their phones each other.

Thats all i hope you enjoy this story as i did and sorry again for my english this may seems a bit weird but i swear its a true story.

PS. can an admin correct the title of the post? i read twice the text but missed the mistake on the title

*003*2011-10-18 22:58

{{ 

That sounds like a horrible father.... and thanks for sharing!

}}

Yes i tought the same but the girl looked like she doesent really mind to had just wet herself, dunno if thats for the habit of that accidents or just a bad father as u said ^^

