Risky business

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-12-09 21:18

Hello everyone!

Today was the day of my 3 hour lecture, so I always like to try and last from home until I got back.

I went to class wearing light blue jeans, black vans, grey hoodie and a white top underneath. For the sock fans one dog and one cat haha.

I went to the loo about 1:10 to get the 1:20 bus and then went to class. I was annoyed as I forgot my water bottle and the first hour and a half of class went without hitch. In our break I spoke to homeanddry, and I started feeling a slight need maybe a 4/10 so nothing to worry about, and my friend from class picked me up a bottle of water.

It was freezing outside and my bladder was whining but I downed half my water anyway and got back on with the class, my bladder was protesting badly.

At 5 the class finished and because it was a 25 minute wait for my bus anyway I waited about for my friends bus. Now during this time it was getting pretty urgent but manageable, maybe a 7/10. Eventually I made it to my bus stop and had 15 minutes still to wait. I downed the rest of my water and stood there with my thighs pressed tightly together.

My bladder was really annoyed now and was constantly alerting me to my growing need. I was bouncing my right leg constantly and at one point through the pocket on my hoodie, put one hand between my legs for some external assistance but only for a short while as I was in public!

I was actually getting worried and was willing myself to hold on. Eventually I was sat on the bus and the cold seats made it so much worse. I stayed stock still with my legs crossed at the ankles, and my backpack on my lap, trying not to lose it. I got to my stop and saw my housemate on the balcony with a video camera which caused me to start laughing on the bus and causing me to nearly lose it.

I jumped off at my stop and round to the gate, it's a really fiddly lock and much easier to manually unlock than to use the key so I didn't get my keys out until I needed the main door to the building. I got my key out but due to the cold weather the door was jammed and I couldn't open it. I was panicking properly by now, but my housemate decided to come down so she could make me jump and realised my dilemma.

When I got back up to the apartment, trying not to let my need show, I was dancing around on camera whilst she was filming lol, she announced she was going to have a shower.

I sat down for a bit and felt my bladder spasm. I stood up and put a hand between my legs, danced about crossing and uncrossing my legs, and grabbing at my crotch. I told homeanddry who was pleased by my predicament and suggested I use my plastic bin.

As I was about to lose it I ran into my room and tore down my jeans and started peeing. It was quite quiet and it wasn't as much as normal, probably due to the cold weather! About 700ml I guess!

Anyway I hope you enjoyed it

EQ x

