Friend Desperation

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-06-22 20:22

I was at my friend Ruby's house. We were gulping coffee down our stomach as we watched funny videos on YouTube. Ruby was wearing a white shirt with a shooting star on it with grey pants. After her third cup of coffee, she didn't drink any more; which is not like her. Usually she drinks about five cups of coffee.

I realized she was crossing her legs. Max, her older brother finished a piece of cake and admitted he had a stomach ache. He said he will take a while in the bathroom. Then, I saw ruby's eyes widen a bit. I realized she was fidgeting and starting to bite her lips that it started to turn yellow.

"Are you okay?" I asked, trying to be totally clueless. "I am fine," her voice sounded painful. She got her two hands and put them together. Then she put them on her crotch and pressing her thighs together. Ruby was bring the two hands down until her knees. One video was a fine of "I will always love you" of a banana singing it. We both laughed so hard.

I examined her as she laughed, though. Ruby was holding her crotch and started rubbing her legs together. Soon, she started fidgeting again. I was so excited, I just wanted her to wet her grey pants right now. She got up, I watched her and knocked on the bathroom door. All I heard was a murmur and said sat back down crossing her legs.

She started crossing her legs, uncrossing, and crossing them again the other way. She repeated this a few times until she rubbed her legs together and bite her lip. A vine made us laugh so hard again, she failed to keep some in.

After laughing, we calmed ourselves. I saw a giant patch on her pants. She got the blanket on the couch and covered her crotch from it. Ruby got back up and knocked on the door. Her legs were crossed as she stood, a few spurts came out.

"Please come out, I'm...leaking," Ruby banged the door, hesitated, and when she said 'leaking' she started to whisper. Another leak came. Finally, Axel opened the door. I smelled a bomb in there. Ruby dashed in and I heard a symphony on droplets play. I didn't get to see it, but I imagined the river being as yellow as her shooting star!

