How it all began for me

Author: sammilove

*000*2015-08-31 05:30

I figured this would be a fitting first post about how my strange curiosity all began. This story is about a fellow classmate and what intrigued me into try holding. Its not very long because it was a rather quick occurence although I'l never forget it.

It was a normal day at school. I was in 5th grade. We were learning about weather and how it affected our ecosystems. It was rainy day outside and we had just came back from lunch. Our teacher was giving us a lecture before we started our classwork. I had noticied the girl I was sitiing acoss from was acting awfully strange. Her name was Kelly. She kept squirming in her seat and jiggling her legs around. I didn't think much of it as I thought she was just hyper like usual. 

And I guess the teacher did too because when she asked to be excused from class, she was denied permission. At this point, I was starting to wonder if she felt okay. Her breathing had gotten heavier and she constantly had her arm buried in what I assumed was her stomach. She was sitting directly across from me so I didn't know what she doing. I saw her raise her hand and the teacher again denied her. I could tell something was really wrong now because her eyes started to tear up. I was trying to talk to her and see what was wrong but she ignored me.

A few minutes had passed and the girl sitting across me was starting to cry. I heard her mumble something like 'I can't hold it anymore...'. It then occured to me she HAD to pee. I went up to the teacher's desk and told her something was wrong with Kelly. She looked over there and saw Kelly with both hands in between her legs and dancing in her seat. The teacher immeadiately went over and asked to Kelly if she was fine. Kelly replied 'I really have to pee. I don't think I can make it the end class. May I please go to restroom?' She was finally excused this time and when she was, she pretty much ran out of class. She came back a few minutes later looking completely relieved. I asked her why she didn't go before class and her simple answer was 'Because it felt really, really good.'

Of course, I didn't know what she meant until a few years later when I had my first true near wetting accident. But thats another story for another day.

