Peeing in The Snow

Author: Diesel

*000*2011-01-13 00:30

So, we had a snowday today cause of the 2 feet if snow we got. I rejoiced as usual, you know, the final fantasy victory dance, laughing evilly as my dad drives past the school. But now for what you really wanna hear.

As soon as my dad said he was going out to shovel snow, I got ready as soon as possible. I already needed to pee pretty badly as I was looking for my snow proof mittens (which took about 30 minutes to find) so I knew I'd have fuel for peeing in the snow. I put on some snow overalls, like the kind you wore as a little kid, and a thick pair of leggings underneath. I charged out of the house against the wind, and immediatkey walked towards the woods near my house. The Woods, as me and my friends call it, is the little forest surrounding the golf course across the street from my house. It's rather sucluded in the winter, since you cant golf in cold weather, so I knew I'd be alone.

In the middle of The Woods, I found a large bank of snow, so I sat down and thought of how nice peeing in the snow would be. That was when I realized my problem. I couldnt functionally pee without taking off my overalls, resulting in me freezing. So, I decided to pee just the way I was.

I wriggled deeper into the snow bank and let loose. First I peed slowly, letting the warmth well up in my undies and spread all around my crotch as it soaked into my leggings. A happy sigh slipped out of me as my warm bodily fluid started dripping from my leggings into the snow overalls, which soaked it up affectively. I didn't think I had enough pee in me to make a little seep out onto the snow and turn it yellow. Ahh, it felt oh so good. But then it started to cool off, ruining the moment.

So, then I skipped around and threw snow at trees and whacked brittle branches that hung down creepily. I didn't get to make an igloo, but I did wet myself. :3

*002*2011-01-13 00:53

{{ 

Love it :) Great story! It's wonderful to pee outside, especially in the winter. When you pull your pants down, it's cold, but the warmth of your pee flowing out of your urethra feels orgasmic 

}}

I'll have to try that one of these days..

*005*2011-01-15 00:33

{{ 

Oh come on! You have a golf course across the street from your house. That's awesome...

Anyway, great story. I bet it was extremely fun.

}}

No it's awful. It's so exclusive. And the folders yell at you if you're in the woods. But it's fun to hide from them. So I guess it us awesome. I need to stop condridicting myself...

{{ 

That sounds like an awesome experience. I've personally never seen snow in person, but I may make a trip to north one day, and when that days come I'll be ready for my own adventure. :o

}}

You must be in the south...snow is awesome. Hopefully you'll be able to see it! Eventually...

{{ 

I bet the warmth quickly turned freezing cold though, heh.. ^^'

}}

You can't imagine how much my butt froze. I had to sit in tub of hot water to warm up.

*008*2011-01-19 23:36

{{ 

I'll admit when I saw the topic title I pictured a man writing his name in the snow.. >_> Which I've tried, it's quite difficult xD

}}

Neptune729 thought I meant the same thing while IMing him...oh good times.

