Desperate girl I saw in Greece

Author: peeme03

*000*2013-08-05 09:45

I went to Greece this summer vacation. Really nice, very beautiful. But since this site is called omorashi.org, I'm not writing this to describe the beautiful surroundings of the country and how nice my holiday was...

It was day 5 of my week in Greece, a sunny wednesday morning, when I had a roadtrip with a small amount of people. In contrast to all the other tour buses, I went with a small one with 12 tourists in it including me and a friend of mine. We were the last persons who got picked up from our hotel. It was early, 7 O'clock, so that we should be earlier than all the other tourists out there.

The minibus stopped in front of our hotel, we said hi to the driver ('kalimera' actually, because it's Greece) and walked to the back of the vehicle. I noticed that there were only people on board who were aged 30 years or older, except for two young girls in front of us. I think they were sisters from around 17 and 19, because their parents were sitting next to them, at the other side of the aisle.

It was 7:45 when we first stopped for a great view over the Ionic sea. I noticed how the youngest girl asked one of her parents for water. She spoke my own language, that's why she caught my attention. She was slim, ~1,75 m. and had straight, dark hair. After ~10 minutes we all got back on the bus to continue our trip. Still nothing very special has happened at this point.

8:30. The bus reached a small village high up in the mountains where no tourist ever came. We were alone, except for the owner of a small terrace where we would drink something. At this point I noticed how the same girl who asked for water earlier, asked (in English this time) the owner of the little restaurant for toilets. I heard him reply, with his poor English, that the only toilet available was seriously clogged ('Hidden' he said, but I knew what he meant :p). He pointed at his house a little higher up the road and told the girl that he would love to let her go there, but that he should feel guilty for the other people. "When you go, all go. I not want all this people in me house" he said in his best English, now pointing at the other people on the terrace. She nodded with a friendly smile.

It was about 9:00 when we left there. 10 happy faces, 1 nervous looking girl and a curious looking me (because of the girl) went back on the bus. While we drove towards the next stop, i saw she whispered something to her older sister. It could be anything, but she looked even more nervous now. Her sister whispered something back. She looked concerned and full of compassion, but didn't say anything more untill we reached our next stop.

10.15 now. I noticed how the girl removed her hand from between her legs when the driver stopped the vehicle. She was the first person standing. We went off the bus (after she did) for another nice view on the very blue sea and the misty mountains in the distance.

With her legs, the girl was making movements like she failed at training her lower legs. She was shaking them to the front and to the back while she was standing there; watching the amazing view like anybody else. Notice I had a double amazing view at this point: the view itself and a very desperate looking girl.

At 11:00 we all went back on our bus. The girl too, while crossing her legs every now and then. And then it happened. She leaked. All of a sudden, while standing there in the middle of the aisle, waiting for other people to sit down. A drip, maybe two or three, but I could clearly see it. A small wet spot appeared on her very short denim shorts. She was nervously turning around, so I expected her to walk back to pee outside. surprisingly enough she didn't. She sat down instead with a red head. Because the parents of the two girls moved to the seats of me and my friend for no reason, we had to sit behind the girls, on their parents' seats. No problem of course.

It was 11:15 when she was doing everything to hold it. At that moment the guide told us it would take 45 minutes from now to our lunch stop. We skipped a stop at a small beach, because the sea was unusually wild there. The girl grossed her legs, she putted her hands between her legs and even a empty water bottle and her bag. She almost cried from nervousness when the bus slowed down just before 12:00. When she saw the restaurant, she directly jumped up from her seats. The guide asked her friendly to sit down till the vehicle stopped.

We stopped 5 minutes later and she was already standing. While walking towards the doors, she held her hands against her crotch. She made sounds like she started crying. Just before the driver opened the doors, her movement stopped for a few seconds. I knew she leaked again and that thought was confirmed when I suddenly saw the sun's reflection there where a small amount of pee seeped down her leg.

The doors opened and the girl was gone. When I got out of the bus, I didn't see her anymore. Instead, I saw multiple wet spots on the rocky ground. When she returned, I noticed how the little wet spot on her shorts became bigger. She did not totally wet herself, but clearly leaked a lot while walking/running to the toilets. With her left hand she tried to hide it, but her hand was too small or the spot was too big. At least she looked happy again: with a big smile on her face she told her sister, mom and dad how her belly was swollen and how much she needed to pee.

We visited 7 beautiful things that day. Thanks to the girl I saw 8 instead of 7. Totally worth my money :)

*007*2013-08-06 11:04

Thanks all!

{{ 

Great story, and even greater too think that a girl I have a crush on is in Greece on vacation right now, and she fits your description! :O

What language did the speak? Seriously doubt that it was her thou. That would have been the biggest coincidence of all! :P

}}

She was Dutch

