Desperation/wetting at work (not me)

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*000*2012-10-10 06:21

Alright this is going to be my only sharing of a desperation/wetting experience about anyone under the age of 16. Ok so I went to work tonight and it was a slow day, so we got to see who was in here. I was working the prize counter when I saw her. She was putting her tickets into the ticket machine a little girl around 9 years old. She was desperate and she kept asking her friend to come with her to the bathroom. But the other little girl was busy.

Her dance was painfull to watch, holding her crotch, legs crossed over. And she was standing in that awkward I really gotta pee position. She even sat down a few times and squirmed in her seat, it was obvious to me and whoever else looked at her. Finally her friend is done and they head over to me. They had around 300 tickets and they didn't know what they wanted. She was begging her friend to go pee and then come back, her mother told them to stay together so she didn't leave.

So about 10 minutes of frantic dancing they start picking their stuff and a line had formed, they were barely halfway done. But she was in a really bad way, and it got to the point where I'm like.

"Sweetie, you can go pee, I promise you will get your spot back in line," and like there was a few mothers behind me who were saying the same thing I was.

She finally nodded and took off for the bathroom. I got through with the line and it was just me and her friend waiting for her. She had been gone a long time so I and the other little girl headed into the bathroom. There was a giant puddle of pee in the front of the first stall. The little girl next to me decided to go into another stall. I knocked on the first stall door, and she was crying.

So I naturally was like..fuck this is horrible for her. She had completley drenched herself, and she was crying for her mom. So I go get the woman and it was so sad..but it was major desperation for about about half hour. I hate that the other little girl didn't go with her when she asked all those time.

Ok I feel much better now, getting that bit off my chest. Bye :)

*002*2012-10-10 20:48

{{ 

That would be most regretful. Can't understand your motivation, though.

}}

I just feel weird about sharing the desperation or wetting accidents of kids..idk its just me I suppose.

