Wetting while cycling

Author: Frank123

*000*2015-11-04 14:42

Has anyone else here tried this? I was surprised to find that the action of pedaling and sitting on a bicycle saddle, made me less desperate to pee than I was before I got on the bike. There's the shape of the saddle, pressing up where using my hand to press helps me to hold my pee in, and pedaling is kind of like doing a pee dance. As far as I can tell, that's what does the trick. I'd imagine it will be the same for females?

Holding my pee in intentionally until I wet myself is nothing new to me, but I had never tried it on my bicycle until a few weeks ago. Back then I went for a 3 hr round trip, and drank enough green tea before I left to get to stage 7 - 8 on the 1 - 10 desperation scale, sure that would be enough that I would pee myself before I got to my 'destination' 90 minutes later. But it wasn't, because I didn't. Peeing myself intentionally doesn't do anything for me.

It has to be involuntary, and by the time I got to where I turn round and cycle home, I was still just as desperate as I was before I left, but hadn't leaked a drop. I hadn't planned on a full-on wetting anyway, knowing that when I wet myself it happens gradually, starting out with small leaks, and I thought I could get away with leaking a small amount of pee in my lycra cycling shorts without it being obvious in the daylight. However as it hadn't happened accidentally, and I wasn't getting any more desperate than I already was, I decided to nip behind a tree to relieve myself so that I could enjoy my cycling more, and that was that.

Then a few days ago I decided to buy some pull-up diapers, which I get the urge to do every few months, and thought about wetting myself on my bicycle again. It was during a holding session, when I was drinking a few beers and lots of green tea and had already leaked quite a lot of pee, I put on a fresh diaper and a pair of dark blue denims and went out for a cycle. Again, cycling made the desperation go away to an extent, but as I had drunk so much fluid it kept building up and about 20 minutes later I couldn't hold it any more, and felt myself starting to pee. It was rather uncomfortable with the saddle working against me, as my bladder was trying to force pee out. So I stood up on the pedals and felt a large gush of pee rush out before I was able to gain control again.

This happened twice again, before I got home. Although it was dark, and so were my denims, so I wasn't particularly bothered that anyone would see if they got wet, I couldn't help but feel my denims around where the diaper would leak after I peed myself, as I cycled along. I think the diaper might have leaked after the second time I peed, and it certainly leaked after the third time, as when I stood up on the pedals when I felt my pee start to come out, it came out with such a force that I felt it streaming down my leg while I was trying to regain control. I was surprised the diaper had leaked so much, and guess that it's not designed for cycling.

At that point I got slightly concerned, as I was out in public and had peed myself much more than I had intended to. But due to the amount of pee that came out, the level of desperation had died down sufficiently that I decided I would likely be able to make it home before I wet myself again. The air was drying out my denims as I cycled along, and I knew the wetness wouldn't be noticeable on dark denims at night anyway. Even though the wetness turned cold as soon as it soaked in, it was quite a pleasant feeling.

I'll maybe try it again sometime. :)

*006*2015-11-07 23:20

Thanks Let-it-fly, and everyone else for your comments. Denims were a pair of cheap, thin, super-store denims. Had I thought the diaper (or I) would leak so much I would have worn something more substantial. As it is, I'm glad I wore a dark pair as a precaution.

Good idea to take reserve clothes Lukhas, but where would you change? Cycling is a good way to dry clothes anyway. :)

