Trying Messing for the First Time

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2014-12-09 17:41

I had an unreal experience today! Must tell you about it soon, will do as soon as I have time to write a decent account of it. I'm the meantime, here's something else very different I've done recently.

This actually happened several months ago, which is when I wrote this account. In fact, after making a comment about my desire to give messing a go I was privately messaged by several people interesting in my first attempt. This is an account I wrote for them, but since seeing Kimiko3's post about her brown accident, I figured you might just want to hear this little endeavour of mine. As Kimiko3 put it: "If messing accidents are not allowed here, I am very sorry, but there is clearly some overlap between the fandoms!" By the way, her accident made for a brilliant read, if you haven't checked it out already, I would recommend it: https://omorashi.org/topic/23706-public-messing-accident-i-had-sorry-if-not-allowed/

This post is what it says on the tin. If you are offended, disgusted or otherwise uninterested in poopy play, please do not read on.

So I got up early (around 5), needing a pee. I went to the washroom wearing my nightgown, under which I had some panties. All my housemates have left for the summer, so with the house to myself I'd planned on wetting the panties standing in the shower, then heading back to bed. When I climbed in (after taking my gown off) I relaxed to wet and a little gas escaped. It dawned on me that I quite needed to poop, and figured I could do it there and then! So I was very nervous, but excited about it. It took a few minutes of pushing before I finally relaxed enough. I felt my botty hole stretching, accompanied by the popping/crackling sounds. My panties grew heavy as a warm mushy sludge formed a bulging mass in between my legs. I was very exited, my heart pumping fast. As I squeezed out more, the poop began to ooze up my bottom crack. The fabric was stretching down, and as I emptied the last of my bowls it began to seep out around the top of my legs.

All in all a very different, very new experience. I like it because I felt naughty, but it was a dirty, wild sort of naughty.

Hope you enjoyed it! Please let me know if I should try it again...

*002*2014-12-09 18:44

{{:

Yes, peeing in pants is amazing but poop in them is amazing too. [...] But this time I needed poo little bit more and when I peed so I pooped my pants at the same time. I run away from bathroom as quickly as possible and went home- 15 min walking, nobody was at home...

}}

Wow! Thanks for sharing, sounds like you were lucky with no one being home. That walk home must have really felt odd, I didn't really move round that much when my panties were full of it, can't imagine how mushy and squelchy it must have been!

*006*2014-12-11 11:09

{{:

When I reached my home my shit was nearby my knees. [...] My poor sister pooped herself in front of her classroom so it was more humiliated for her.

}}

Oh my goodness! That must have felt so weird... I mean I'm quite familiar with warm pee running down my legs but the thick sticky warmth must have been odd. And as for your sister, I feel terribly sorry for her, must have been awful!

{{:

Messing is my favorite. Clean up can be a bitch but it gets either the more you do it. I'm an OG with it now

}}

Hehe! I don't think I'll ever get into it quite that much...

{{:

Not my thing, but if I knew a girl who was into it, then I would be accommodating.....and happy to see her enjoy this other excitement.

}}

We need more people like you in this world! Thanks for checking out the story by the way, even if it wasn't your cup of tea! x

*008*2014-12-11 13:02

{{:

It seems the naughty feelings I got from trying this as well as just pure wetting were only present prior to the act, then replaced by regret and disappointment after.

}}

I kinda agree with you in a way. It was very good fun when I was in the mood, but I found after everything had died down and was cleared away, I didn't exactly look back on it with amazing thoughts.

