Fitting Room Wetting

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2011-12-30 00:33

This happened when I was ten or eleven- I forget exactly how old. But when I was around this age, I went through a phase of extreme shyness and was always too embarrassed to tell people when I needed the toilet. Needless to say, it got me into a few uncomfortable situations until I gave myself a metaphorical slap and snapped out of it!

Anyway, in this instance, I was on holiday in Blackpool with my Aunt, Uncle and cousin Jenny- who was about nineteen at the time. I only saw these guys once or twice a year, and I was obsessed with Jenny. This nineteen-year-old seemed so grown-up and sophisticated to my ten-year-old self, and I desperately wanted to be like her.

Jenny had decided to take me clothes shopping and, naturally, I wanted to appear all grown-up in front of her, so I got her to take me into all the “big-girl” shops instead all the little-girl shops like Tammy Girl that I was used to shopping in.

We’d been wandering around the shopping centres for a while, when I realised that I needed to pee. Of course, I didn’t say anything to Jenny: I thought that saying anything like “I need the toilet” would make me sound really childish, and I wanted her to think I was adult for my age. So I neglected to say anything, thinking that I’d go to the loo whenever Jenny went.

The problem with this plan, however, was that I hadn’t taken into consideration that Jenny was twice my age, so her bladder was probably twice as strong. While she was walking around casually enough, probably not even needing to pee at all, I was growing steadily more desperate.

It got to the stage where I couldn’t stand still while I was looking around. Jenny and I were shopping quite individually, so it was easy enough to dance around and hold myself when I thought she wasn’t looking. I must have looked ridiculous to the other shoppers, though- it literally got to the stage where I was hopping from one foot to the other and grabbing my crotch at frequent intervals. After a while, I took to pretending to look at items at a very low level so that I could squat down and grind my heel into myself- all because I was too shy to tell my cousin that I needed to find the toilets.

Anyway, all this came to a climax when Jenny took me into River Island- she worked at the branch of this store in her hometown, and she’d seen this particular pair of jeans that she thought would look really cute on me. So, she found these jeans and dragged me off into the fitting rooms so that I could try them on.

I got into a curtained cubicle, and took off the jeans I was already wearing- but of course, this only made my desperation increase tenfold, because pulling down your jeans is the last thing you do before you use the toilet. So there I was in this cubicle in my underwear, holding my crotch with both hands and doing this insane pee-dance, on the brink of wetting myself.

I wasn’t entirely sure what to do at this point- I knew that I was going to have to say something to Jenny, or I was going to have a serious accident. But the only logical thing I could think to do was try these stupid jeans on and get out of the shop as quickly as possible so that I could run off to the toilets. So I put these jeans on- but no sooner had I pulled them up that I realised I couldn’t control myself any longer and starting uncontrollably wetting in these jeans that hadn’t yet bought. I spread my legs, trying not to get the jeans too wet, and this sort of worked. The wet patch, although large, was restricted mainly to my bum area, with just a small amount of wetness at the top of my thighs, although I did manage to create a pretty spectacular puddle on the fitting room floor.

At a loss for what else to do, I simply undid the curtain and stepped out of my little cubicle. Jenny didn’t realise what had happened immediately, but she did notice my less-than-happy expression.

“What’s the matter?” she asked, completely oblivious to what I’d done, “You look stressed, babe.” And then she came forward to inspect how the jeans looked on me. When she moved her hands round to the back of my legs to see how tight they were, however, I shrank away from her, worried that she’d feel the massive wet patch, and then abruptly burst into tears. Jenny was obviously pretty confused at this point, so I spread my legs and showed her what I’d done.

I guess I was kind of relying on Jenny to tell me what to do next, but I think she was pretty shocked at what had happened, and just told me weakly to get changed back into my other clothes. So I went back into the fitting room, took my wet jeans and panties off, and put my original jeans back on. I hung the wet jeans back on the hanger, but just left the panties in a corner of the fitting room, hoping nobody would notice.

When I came back out, Jenny was holding a bunch of clothes that she’d grabbed off the rails while I’d been getting changed and told me to give her the wet jeans. I handed them over, and she hid them amongst the other clothes that she’d grabbed, before handing the whole lot back to the Sales Assistant on the way out with a blithe, “Yeah, they were no good, thanks.” And then we cleared off sharpish, before the Sales Assistant could look through the clothes we’d given her and discover the wet jeans amongst them.

Needless to say, we didn’t return to that particular shop for the rest of the holiday!

*002*2011-12-30 03:06

{{ 

That must have been terribly embarrassing. :o

It's a good thing your sister was there to cover for you though. Did she ask any questions afterward, or did she just assume you had a little accident and left it at that?

}}

Cousin, not sister, but yes, it was lucky she was there! She just kept asking me why I hadn't told her I needed the toilet... and I didn't really have a good answer for her- I just hadn't!

*004*2011-12-30 12:49

{{ 

Gah, I derped. 



Regardless, it could have ended a lot worse. Instead, the only people who know are your cousin and what was probably a VERY pissed off sales assistant.



By the way, this little comic came to mind when I finished the story, and I thought you might like it. I'm not sure if you're into the whole "Friendship is Magic" craze, but it's pretty funny regardless.

}}

Haha, I like it! I don't know much about Friendship is Magic, but that's very cute, thanks for sharing ^-^

