Friday in the park with Frosty

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2014-04-25 05:53

It's been awhile since i've posted anything here, been so busy with my story 'Sisterhood of Blood'

And the collaborative one with my wonderful writing partner and bestie orango ('Hard Boiled Legs')

That i just haven't had a moment...

But since the warm weather is taking its time to come back, i wanted to revisit a nice hot summer day from last year...

Hope you will like the story !

Friday in the park with Frosty

Last summer, i was working alone on a Friday, and it wasn't too busy for once. I had gotten everything i needed to do finished a bit earlier than expected, so i decided to go for a walk in the park near my office.

It was a very hot day, and i was wearing a pair of black cotton panties under a leotard and a nice medium brown and light blue floral pattern chiffon dress with a tight sleeveless top and a-line short skirt, with a back zip.

On my feet, a pair of black tube socks, and black high top doc martens...

I brought a large bottle of water with me, because it was really hot out, and i was sipping from it pretty frequently on my way to the park and enjoying the fact that i was outside instead of sitting in the office right at that moment.

I got to the park, and made my way to a large open grassy area.

Then i found a nice out of the way spot under the shade of a small tree, and i took off my boots and socks to relax and feel the grass under my toes.

After awhile, i was feeling very warm, even under shade of my little tree, and even though i was still sipping my water, i decided i needed to cool off a bit more.

So i unzipped my dress, and slipped it off...

Now, please don't think this was brazen or slutty in any way, because a lot of girls were sunbathing in that area wearing tiny bikinis that revealed a lot more than i was showing in my boyleg tank leotard onesie.

I folded my dress neatly, then used it as a pillow under my head while i laid back down under my little tree, and then i closed my eyes and started to daydream a bit.

At first i was lying on my back, but then i started feeling a little bit desperate...not surprising considering that by now i had almost a full litre of water in me at this point.

Now, here's the problem i was facing...

It was early enough that i didn't want to head back to work yet, but i was starting to feel like i really needed to pee. The nearest rest room was a bit further away, and those rest rooms in the park are often nasty because homeless people camp out in them, so they are totally dirty and stinky anyway.

So, guess what i decided to do ?

Well, knowing me, i'm sure you can figure it out...

Instead of getting up, putting my dress, socks, and shoes back on and walking about 10 minutes further, i said, 'the heck with it, i'm just going to wet myself right here...'

So i spread my legs apart slightly, lying face down, and i started letting little squirts of pee out into my panties and leotard. The black fabric and the shade of the tree made it so that it wasn't really obvious what i was doing, and it felt fantastic to be holding, then releasing just a little, then squeezing my pc muscles to stop the flow before it got too heavy.

I went back and forth like that for awhile, letting a little pee escape and then stopping until finally i couldn't take it anymore, and i just let loose a nice hot stream of pee right out through my panties and my leotard, my head down on my crossed arms and my legs spread apart just a little bit more.

When i was done peeing, i stayed there a little while longer, letting the late afternoon heat dry my wet undies as much as possible, but finally i had to get back to work, so i put my socks and shoes back on, pulled my dress back over my head, zipped it up, and picked up my now empty water bottle and headed back to work, still kind of damp from wetting myself.

And kind of turned on too, of course, but it would be quite a few more hours before my lovely N. would take care of that bit for me...

