The College bus

Author: Rsm1

*000*2015-09-19 00:28

This happened last February and I had almost forgotten about it until reading another post jogged my memory.

It was a typical morning before college (or so it should have been. I got up, showered, ate breakfast and did all of my morning jobs, only to find that I had woken up 20 minutes late, so I jumped into the car and my mum drove me to a bus stop further down the road. (This was because there was another bus that picked up if I missed my first.)

I waited for about 30 minutes for the bus to arrive which was late, bought my ticket and as I was about to sit down I heard my name shouted from the upper deck. When I got up there, sat on the front row was my friend (I'll name her Kerry).

Kerry is a rather tall girl, about the same height as me, around 5"8'. She has the deepest blue eyes like that of a blueberry, hair that flows all the way down her back in a mousy-blonde colour, no piercings, tiny lips and a cute little nose. She is exceptionally pale faced (but had no freckles) and (through over hearing), weighed around 8 stone. She is built like a dainty little flower and looks about as fragile but to everyone's astonishment, is an avid hockey player (who would've thought). She was wearing a red and black lumberjack style shirt, a grey zip-up hoodie, a pair of semi-pale blue jeans, white socks and some Ice blue trainers.

As I sat down I noticed a pained look on her face, which lead me to ask her if there was a problem, to which she replied "Back hurts 'cos' I slept funny." With this I didn't think much more of it until 5 minutes later when I asked her to stop tapping her foot and she told me that she couldn't. With this I asked why and then she leaned in and whispered "I am trying not to wet myself before we get to college ok. It took a couple of seconds for me to compose myself (I had to be quick as she didn't know of my fetish (and still doesn't)) and then I said "You told me that you always go before you leave the house, seen as you are the first stop, only you get on, and that is an hour before everybody else?"

Kerry's reply was like that out of a fiction post and she reeled it all off without missing a detail.

Kerry:

I finished college yesterday and caught the bus as usual, which you know doesn't get me home until 7:30pm and I catch the bus at 5pm. I went before I left and don't usually go again until around 8pm. this time however I sort of needed to go when I got to my house, so I went straight to the toilet and found that there was no water in it. I pondered just going but I called my dad in instead.

When he came in the first thing he did was flush it, which brought forth a gurgling sound and then a clunk. my dad then said "out, I can't call a plumber 'til morning so I am locking it until further notice." This is the only toilet in my house, and before I had chance to say anything, My dad locked it with the key and put that key into his pocket.

I was now worried, so in order to take my mind off of things I went to bed, only waking up twice in the night in order to re-position myself. when I got up this-morning however it took an extra 10 minutes to get out of bed in order not to wet my pyjamas, or the bed for that matter. I then had breakfast, skipped having a drink for obvious reasons and went straight out to wait for the bus just down the road. The cold certainly didn't help but the bus was there in no time and I came and sat in the seat I am in now. (Front left of the top deck)

This was not the last however as a car had veered into another in the icy conditions and forced the bus to wait for it to be towed for about half an hour, with me thinking "will I make it, I'm not gonna make it". (Explains the late bus). Then 20 minutes later is where you came into the picture.

Back to me:

All the time that she was telling me this escapade, her whole body was visibly shaking and the foot tapping was becoming ever faster and louder. After she had told me though, (as I was in on her secret) her left hand migrated towards her crotch, pressed down hard, and remained there for the remainder of the bus journey.

I kind of expected it but she was rather quiet, (besides the odd muffled moan and groan), and I was just trying to hide you-know-who. Then something happened, (we were about 10 minutes from the bus stop and then another 10 minutes' walk into college). She whispered to me in a frantic tone "Help, I think I just leaked, I-i-is it n-noticeable. My reply was a reassuring "no" and everything once again went quiet.

About 5 minutes later there was a fairly audible "hnnnggh" sound and as she looked at me there was a tear rolling down the right side of her face and a ping pong ball sized dark patch on the front of her jeans (with her legs crossed like a pretzel). I felt terrible, on one shoulder was the devil trying to make me succumb to my fetish and feel emotionless, and on the other was the angel telling me to do anything I could to help. I really wanted to help, as I had never seen someone in so much pain and discomfort ever before, but there was nothing I could do besides give out reassuring and motivational speech. "Come on Kerry there are only 5 minutes left, (negating the walk), I know you, and I know you can do this." I proclaimed. The only response I got was a slow nod of the head, (all the time, tears rolling down her face).

As we pulled up at the bus stop she was still in the same state but the bus driver stopped a bit to abruptly, which caused Kerry to take a short sharp Intake of breath, and also caused the wet patch to become golf-ball sized. Then she tensed up; her whole body went rigid for about 10 seconds and she then looked at me and her eyes said, "I cannot do this." so I just looked back and said "you can, come on, the bus has stopped."

We were last off as to avoid being shoved and knocked about (and because the bus's stairs were no simple task). Now came the walk. As soon as we were off the bus, she stopped quickly and stood bolt upright, (or as upright as one can with double tightly crossed legs). "Come on, you can and will do this," I reassured her, but all that I got was a "can't move," in a slow and pained voice.

The next thing I did was very uncharacteristic of me as I am not very outgoing and tend to be a little shy, but I put her hand in mine and gave her a smile. Don't ask me how but this seemed to put some renewed vigour into her and she composed herself and we walked on. (I didn't care that the rest of college group (through friends of friends seeing us in town) thought we had a 'thing' going, my only thought was for Kerry to get to college dry, (or as dry as possible at least). about 3 minutes in to the walk she said "I need to stop," but i replied with "If you do you may well loose the battle as you are thinking about moving your legs rather than...," (thought it was best not to finish the sentence as thoughts are a powerful thing). I received a weak and pain filled "o-ok," and we carried on.

We received more stares, due to her abnormal walking posture, but she was too preoccupied to care and I just didn't care as at that moment in time, she came first. Another 3 minutes passed and she started to cry tears rolling down her face worse than before, which told me to look down and I saw that her golf-ball sized wet patch had become a tennis-ball and was gradually elongating to the left. I just said "do what you have to do," to which we received more stares as she put her free hand, which had been itching to for about 5 minutes, back into her crotch, and then we carried on walking.

The next 4 minutes were rather event free, but once we got to college and she got to toe downstairs toilets, she squeezed my hand like a bear trap when she saw that the cleaners were cleaning them and we had to either traverse the stairs or wait for the lift to take us to our floor, floor 1, (so It could have been worse).

I was torn, do we go up the stairs and risk her losing control or do we wait for one of the three lifts (for which there was no queue) which were all pretty high up and had to come down. I knew which to do after her next statement. "How will I un-unbutton my jeans?" she said sobbing. To which she answered "t-t-take the l-lift and you c-can und-d-do the buttons (of which there were three) i-in there." This made my heart skip and I replied "o...k, are you sure?" and Kerry just nodded through the tears (with everyone who walked passed staring (apart from the cleaners who seemingly never noticed)).

The lift then gave its usual speech, "doors open, lift going up." As the doors closed it gave me just enough time to unbutton her jeans, Which gave me a glimpse of the most wonderful love-heart stamped knickers she was wearing. Kerry knew it would, but i had to press in a little to undo the buttons on her jeans, which caused a little moan and her face to screw up and contort heavily.

After the lift door opened she left me and hobbled towards the toilets only to be met (I was told this afterwards) with a locked cubicle, which opened a little too late (I think) because as she came out she had an inch wide wet streak from the previous patch that stretched halfway down her inner thigh.

When she came back over (albeit very red faced), I just handed her my black jacket and said "our little secret tells me that you need this more than I do," and she just smiled and said "thanks."

I got the jumper back next day, (only I didn't wash it for a month and a half),

How I forgot about this, I shall never know, but now that my memory has been jogged, I hope that you all like. :)

