I did it! I just wet myself 5 minutes ago!

Author: Squirmar

*000*2013-07-09 10:37

Yes! I just wet myself a little while ago and it was GREAT! I consider this as the follow up of my previous post and oh my gosh...I'm still really aroused <w<

Anyways!

It began with me waking up from a nap I took in the afternoon (I was tired as heck). Just so you know, I always wear a t-shirt and panties in bed ;3 So, I woke up. First thing that I noticed is that my panties were damp. So I turned on the light above my bed, pulled the blanket away and stared down at my crotch. There was a small wet spot on my panties. That's kinda normal for me, I have it often, so I shrugged it off :3

But this time, it turned me on for some reason. THAT'S when I remembered all the suggestions I got on my previous topic. I was instantly up for some naughty fun. First I got out of bed and locked the door. Wouldn't want anyone running in while I'm having the time of my life, eh? ;3

Ooh, let me describe a bit what I look like first! I'm quite an average girl, the only things that are different are my thighs and bust. Honestly, my thighs are a little bit bigger than average and my bust is a liiiiiittle bit smaller than average as well. Plus, I've got an hourglass figure :3

At the time, I was wearing a white t-shirt, and red panties :3

Anyways, back to the story:

I began with cupping my crotch, and I felt the dampness of my panties. I really love that feeling for some reason >w< I then began to sloooowly squeeze my crotch to get myself wet. After each squeeze I could feel the dampness of my panties increase, and at one point I was so aroused I just began rubbing over my crotch, fast, pushing the fabric of my panties between my labia :3

Then I remembered one of the suggestions I received, and stubbed rubbing. Completely. I was just lying there, on my back on the bed, legs spread and my red panties in full view. I was nervous because, well, I never did anything like -this- before. So I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and let the first spurt of warm pee darken the crotch of my panties further. I instantly jammed my hands between my legs to feel the wetness. For a moment I thought I couldn't let go any more pee because obviously, I've never wet the bed on purpose. I just told myself to be brave as I tried to squeeze some more piss out.

And it worked! I felt another spurt of pee flowing into my panties, against my hands. I squeezed my pussy as the spurts gradually turned into a stream <3 It flowed through my panties, into my hands, on my bed. And because I was squeezing my pussy like that, it made this HOT hissing noise! I felt the wetness spread all over my crotch and my ass <3 While peeing, I slipped my right hand into my panties and rubbed my clit furiously, and a few seconds after I stopped peeing, I hit my orgasm. It was sooooo intense that I seriously wasn't able to move the following 4 minutes!

And there I was. Lying on my bed, soaked with pee, my legs spread and my panties wet, and me being unable to move.

It was so fantastic <3

Anyone got some suggestions on what I could do next? ;3 And any thoughts on this experience? :3

I love you all <3

Ps: I better go clean up now x3

*003*2013-07-09 11:06

{{ 

I really enjoyed you rich description of what happened. It was rather exciting . I would suggest wearing more clothes as they absorb more of your pee and spreads that awesome wet feeling down your legs . I usually wear white cotton briefs and light blue jeans to see the color change better. You can put your hand in your pants& panties and play in your pee stream , as well as your pussy .

}}

Hmmmm, yes I could try wetting with jeans, or something along those lines :3 Perhaps even on this same day >w<

{{ 

Very hot experience! Bedwettings are the best!

}}

Mhm! I enjoyed it VERY much, as you could tell x3 And I'm so glad you thought it's hot :3

I'm already excited for my next wetting :3

*005*2013-07-09 12:35

{{ 

One thing that might be fun is to play a little game to increase the sense of desperation. One idea I remember seeing was freezing a bathroom key in the middle of a glass/bucket of water, and waiting for it to melt before going.

Another thing that might be fun could be a discrete public wetting. Wear a dark skirt and dark (or no) panties ( the latter if you feel real daring), and try to just blend in while wetting clothes that will hide it.

That said, glad you enjoyed it, welcome to our wet and wonderful ways

}}

Ooooh, I'll definitely do something like the first one for my next wetting!

And the second thing...I don't think I've got the courage for such a thing 0^0

*007*2013-07-09 12:47

Yes, I'll definitely write :3

Oh, question! What should I wear? One-piece swimsuit, panties, or jeans? (Or anything else if you feel like suggesting something) :3

*009*2013-07-09 12:55

Oh, that is a good idea :3 I'll try that ^^

*011*2013-07-09 13:12

Eh, I'm too shy to tell anyone I know 0^0;

*014*2013-07-09 13:17

{{ 

I vote for snug jeans and cotton bikini panties, light in color. And don't be in too big a hurry to "clean up". To me the scent of girl pee in half dry jeans is fantastic and sexy.

}}

Rrrrr, I like this one >w<

{{ 

No problem. Just easier knowing what we have to work with. Though there may be ways to get friends or boy/girlfriend indirectly involved, though I got nothing off the top of my head.

}}

Meepz, I'll see what I can do to get someone indirectly involved >w<

*017*2013-07-10 08:27

{{ 

Wow that was hot... hard to believe theres a place like this website anywhere. im realy secretive about this stuff, but people seem so open here. would you ever hold with other people? irc chat or skype or whatever?

}}

I think it'd be worth a try :3

{{ 

This was QUITE yummy. I have read many, but idk, something about the way you described this experience, is so sweet, so innocent? So hot.

Question, you mentioned waking damp often. Is it from dribbling or simply feminine wetness?

Oh and you mentioned never having wet the bed on purpose before but umm, accidents?

}}

I don't know ._. I think it's because of dribbling because whenever I smell my panties, they smell like pee.

Yes I had a few accidents, heh ^^; Most of them were simply because I didn't go for a pee and just held everything >-<

*019*2013-07-12 12:46

{{ 

I am hoping to hear that you followed my suggestion and that by now there is a pair of white cotton panties with a sexy yellow waterline along with a slightly pissy scented pair of snug, sexy jeans in your laundry hamper. Or better yet, maybe you are wearing them? Please tell us.

}}

Actually, there is right now >w<

