My desperate car ride

Author: riviara

*000*2013-04-08 05:35

This happened to me when I was around 14-15

I believe I was wearing light blue denim shorts and a red tank top.

Me and my 2 friends were going camping (even though I hate it, but decided to go anyway). The camp site was about an hour and a half away from my friends house and we had to make stops along the way to buy food and stuff. The first stop was at Tim Horton's

(a Canadian coffee shop) and I ordered a hot chocolate. After about 20 minutes we got to the grocery store and my friends parents went in to get some stuff. At this point I had just finished my hot chocolate and felt the littlest feeling of needing to pee, defiantly nothing urgent so I did not bother going to pee while we were stopped. His parents returned after about 15 minutes and we started driving again.

I ended up falling asleep because there is just something about driving that lulls me to sleep. I woke up about 45 minutes later feeling a really bad pressure in my bladder, the hot chocolate was making me fill up really fast. There was only about 20 minutes left in the drive and I'm usually too embarrassed to tell people that I need to pee anyway so I just crossed my legs. What happened next I remember clearly.

The paved road ended and we started driving on one those really bumpy roads that are all rock and it was rumbling the car really bad, jolting my full bladder every which way. God it was torture. Since the car was pretty small, all of the blankets we brought were in the back with me and my friends so I took one of them and put it over my lap then stuffed my hand into my crotch to try and relieve some of the increasingly growing pressure. Even with my hand in my crotch, legs crossed and rocking back in forth, it was not enough to stop myself from leaking with all of the shaking around. when I felt that hot pee hit my fingertips, I was in full panic mode. There was still 10 minutes left till we got there and I was already leaking! My eyes began to water and I was moving around like a madwoman trying to contain my pee (did I mention, my friends dad absolutely loves his car so I reallllly did not want to pee all over it) .

My friend looked over at me and asked what I was doing. I looked at him right in the eye and said "I'm about to pee my pants!".

My face went completely red but I had no choice, it was either tell someone, or pee in the car. He told his dad to pull over.

The car came to a stop, I removed my hand from my crotch and I threw the blankets off of me. I started leaking again and immediately grabbed back at my crotch feeling the wetness of my panties on my fingers. I opened the car door and began running into the trees.

With every step I took I came that much closer to losing complete control. A few more steps and I would be out of vision of the car and be able to release my pee, but there was one problem. My muscles were so tired from all the jolting around in the car and I let a few huge spurts out. I doubled over and then dropped low to the ground. I desperately tried to unbutton my shorts but I had to pee so bad it was nearly impossible. Trickle after trickle my shorts were slowly becoming soaked. I finally got the button undone but with relief so close I started peeing and could not stop so I just kneeled there, peeing my panties still in vision of the car....I was mortified and started sobbing and crying. I just wanted to go home already.

After I stopped peeing, I stood up and pulled my shorts back up. I had to go back to the car and get a change of clothes while soaked in my own pee, in front of my friends and their parents. My friend tried to comfort me but I just ignored him and headed back over to the tree's to change. When I got back into the car I did not say a word, that's pretty much how I was for the rest of the night.

Hope you enjoyed one of the most embarrassing days of my life :P

*002*2013-04-08 05:53

{{ 

I certainly did...no doubt about it ! :)

Thanks for posting this, sis.

Love you forever !

:wub:

}}

Love ya!

