Girlfriend in the Park

Author: hounddog

*000*2013-04-01 00:18

A few years ago i was dating a girl who loved to wet herself for me. She wasn't into the fetish herself but did it to get me excited and....you know where that goes. I have written a story about her before and i think it is on here somewhere. A quick description, she was a 5' 5" tall brunette, skinny, very cute face and a lovely when soaked wet butt. :P

Anyway

I had a day off for the first time in a long time and me and the girl decided to enjoy a day together. We walked to the local Perkins restaurant and had a wonderful breakfast. It was about a 30 min walk so we both were very thirsty by time we got there. She order a large Mt. Dew with her food and powered threw about 3 of them before we left.

As we were walking back home she told me she kinda needed to pee. Smiling on the inside I said "oh, would you like to pee for me?" giggling she replied she would. I told her i wanted to do it different that any time before and she needed to play along. Agreeing we both continued to walk home to grab an extra change of clothes, more water, and a backpack to put dirty cloths into.

The new idea i came up with was to have her wet herself at a park we frequented a few times for "other" activities. :) normally these other activities happened at night, his time it was about 2 in the afternoon when we left the house on an absolutely amazing summer day. It was about an hour walk from our house to this park, we liked to walk everywhere back than. 

The whole time talking and her drinking more water. I can see the desperation creeping up on her. She was walking fast, than would slow, than fast, and slow again. She was usually very good at hiding she needed to pee, but not this time. Half way into our walk, she stopped. Bent over, put her hand on her crotch, and moaned a bit. I thought she was going to lose it right there. But no, she stood back up, smiled, and said she was fine but almost lost it. The next 30 min were heaven for me but torture for her. You could tell she really needed to pee, she had one hand in her pocket, trying to grasp herself, and we did not talk much more.

We finally arrive at the park and she is so ready to go. Now trying to look discrete she pretends there is nothing wrong. The entrance of the park was a little busy so people would have noticed if she had to pee. Now this park is HUGE. A bunch of baseball diamonds, soccer fields and a hiking trail in back. We head right for the hiking trail. At the back of the trail is a nice little opening we like to do other adventurous things in. Once we get into the wooded area and the trails she starts squealing again and we speed up. She really really had to go by this point. We reach the clearing and there is a family sitting enjoying some birds nearby. "Shit" she says under her breath. We have to wait. We sit down near a tree and try to pass the time waiting for the family to leave. After a long 10 minutes they are gone. She quickly stands up and whispers/yells(you know those whispers that are so stunning they a like yelling) "i need to pee right now"

Than it.....doesn't happen, she has to pee so bad she cant get it started. "omg i have to go so bad" she says. "i haven't had to pee this bad in a long time, it wont come out...." i can hear the desperation in her voice. We wait, i don't know if it was the need to pee or the fact that we have never tried it this public before, a million chances to get caught, but it just would not come.

All of the sudden i hear it *hiss* a short spurt escapes and she starts laughing. "omg it did that without me trying" she concentrates again that a look of pure relief washes over her as the flood gates open. At first i see nothing, just the amazing hissing sound of 2 hours of pent up pee escaping out, finally i see the wet spot. It spreads down her legs faster than any wetting i have ever seen. She paused for a second to let the fabric absorb what it had and start again. I love when you can see wet pants start to glisten with fresh pee. :) I put my had on her crotch as she pees, feeling the most amazing warmth on my palm. 

After a very long relaxing pee, it slows. She tells me to quickly check the openings of the trail to make sure no one is coming. I run to all three entrances and see no one. Giving her the go ahead she quickly strips off her soaked jeans and throws them to me. I catch them, wring them out a bit and throw them in the bag, she stops for one min, pushes again and pees a beautiful golden stream threw just her panties for another few seconds than throws them off quick, dries herself up, changes into her dry pants and we go.

Needless to say i was having a hard time walking home for the hour walk back but when we got home, the door wasn't even 100% closed and we were on our way to a great end of the day. :D

Ps.... I do have a few more stories if people like this one i can share a few more :) stay wet my friends.

