Truth Or Dare

Author: hounddog

*000*2010-06-26 15:05

I was hanging out with a really good friend of mine today. I have known her for about 18 years. The idea came up to play truth or dare. It started out simple nothing to do with pee at all. Finally she asked for truth. I asked if she had ever wet her pants as a kid. She said "not that i can ever remember". The next round came up and she asked for a dare. I dared her because she had never wet her pants before to pee in her pants. At first she did not want to do it but after a while she decided she would do it.

She changed into a pair of pants that were already dirty and hoped into the shower. She said "im not sure if my bladder is going to let me do this" but after a few min she started going. It ran down her right leg slowly than started hissing as it came full stream into her pants. She said jokingly" i cant believe you made me do this" and laughed. when she was done she showered with her pants on to wash away the pee and threw her pants into the washer. One of the funnest things i have ever done

*005*2010-06-28 18:11

It was an amazing experience, she didn't say that she hated the feeling but I don't think I could ever convince her to do it again. I had heard tha a lot of girls love the feeling of their panties getting wet and the warm pee running down their legs but I can't seem to find any. My GF does wet for me sometimes but does not like it, she does it just because she knows I like it.

{{:

That sounds awesome, I've heard of stories like this a few times as well. Maybe I should try this some time with one of my friends!

I even saw a YouTube video of this once.

At least you didn't record her doing it and put it on YouTube like that guy, hahah.

}}

I wish I would have recorded it to keep the memory but she never would have gone for that. Have you seen the new video on youtube where a girl vids herself wetting herself for a dare?

*012*2010-07-01 15:07

So I am actually working on a part two. i have dared someone else to wet themselves and she said that she is going to do it and it is going to be soon. I have to get her a little drunk first lol. i will post a story soon when it actually happens.

*017*2010-07-15 03:02

{{:

It's really fun to do truth or dare like this, although daring someone to breast feed another while peeing is even more fun than this!

}}

Know from experience? plz share, lol

