My Friend Wet Herself on a Roadtrip (TWICE!)

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-06-08 20:50

I tend to get a bit long winded so I will try to be short with the actual background and just stick to the good parts. When I was in my junior year of college I had a roommate named Winnie. We found eachother through a flier on a billboard at campus and when we first became roommates Winnie was extremely shy and a little nerdy. We became friends and by spring break I had changed her entire look and introduced her a whole new world; push up bras, skinny jeans, side bangs, horn rimmed glasses, lacy thongs, alcohol, cigarettes, and boyfriends! Winnie was actually a virgin; not because she didn't want some sexual contact but she was too shy to really approach men or notice when men were flirting with or hitting on her. She had one boyfriend in highschool so she had done some basics; kissing, breast touching, a little bit of oral, but was still very inexperienced.

She currently had a casual relationship with a guy named Mark who was 6'2, on the chubbier side, and had a heart of gold. He was a software engineering major and was a senior at our university. Mark and her had been on a few dates and done some kissing and light "fooling around" but were not very serious yet. For spring break Mark had invited us to drive up to has parent's cabin in the mountains for a week. My boyfriend Jacob, Winnie, Mark and his sister Karen were going along on the trip. Karen was a prissy type and insisted we take her very expensive luxury vehicle and was the only one that trusted herself to drive. None of us really cared for Karen but she was Mark's sister and had the keys to the cabin so we had to go along with her snootiness. Honestly, Karen's a giant bitch but we all wanted to go on this trip, so oh well!

To get caught up a little, the day of Winnie was wearing skinny medium wash jeans with a few fashionable rips in them, a gold belt, and a black a gold halter top with gold sandals. She was wearing her black horn rimmed glasses and had her black straight hair in braided pig tails. Winnie was about 5'3, 100 lbs, and was Korean with dark eyes, a beautiful complexion, and pouty lips. She was an A cup but could become a full B cup with a push up bra. She had a round little butt and a tiny waist. Winnie was very nervous about this trip because it would be her first time overnight with Mark and the sleeping arrangements had put them in a bedroom together, me and Jacob in a bedroom together and Karen up in the upstairs bedroom with a view and a luxury bathtub. Like I said, she was a bit of a snob. I'm not sure why Karen wanted to go on this trip at all but Mark had mentioned her fiance and her were having some relationship troubles so maybe she was trying to escape some of the arguing.

Anyway, we planned to leave around noon and by eleven thirty Winnie was panicking and wanting to back out of the trip. She was nervous about the sleeping arrangements and knew her and Mark would end up having sex, and while she wanted to she was very nervous. I had prepared her the best I could with birth control and advice but she was on the verge of calling Mark and canceling so I did what any 21 year old girl would do; suggest we have a few drinks to calm down! Now neither Winnie nor I were heavy drinkers so I took a large thermos and made a pretty strong screwdriver for her. I made a mimosa for me in a much smaller thermos and we sipped our drinks while finishing our breakfasts. Winnie was a health nut and ate watermelon, grapes, egg whites, a large glass of soy milk and some low fat yogurt while I had a danish. Winnie started chugging her thermos once her breakfast was finished but she had significantly calmed down and loosened up.

I popped into the restroom before Karen picked us up but I noticed Winnie hadn't. The seating arrangements were Karen and Jacob in the front, me on the left side, Winnie in the middle, and Mark on the right. Jacob sleeps on car rides (that lucky bastard) so he rode shot gun and Karen immediately became fussy about our radio choices so she put her headphones in and listened to her iPod. We took off and the first hour was pretty uneventful. Jacob slept, Winnie and Mark flirted, and I spent most of my time playing games on my phone. I had stopped drinking by the time we got in the car but Winnie had emptied her thermos and was obviously pretty tipsy. She wasn't so drunk she was slurring her words but she was getting very touchy feely with Mark which was unlike her. Winnie is very, very shy and can be on the quieter side.

About an hour and a half into the trip I noticed Winnie had gotten very quiet and didn't think much of it until she sat with her legs crossed tightly and was fidgeting a tiny bit. Mark was still trying to keep her engaged but her sentences were short and she seemed distracted. I was now sure she had to pee and was watching her closely as she uncrossed her legs and recrossed them to the other side. I was wondering how desperate she was since she hadn't mentioned her need but again, Winnie was shy and Mark was still talking to her. He asked if she was okay a few times and she said she was fine but just tired. Mark said he was too and snuggled up on her shoulder and fell asleep about ten minutes later. Winnie turned to me and whispered:

Winnie: "I really, really need to pee. I shouldn't have had all that booze, big mistake."

Me: "Are you alright? Like, do you need to ask Karen for a stop?"

Winnie: "No, no, no! I can wait. I don't want to bother her and she'd throw a fit. Plus, I don't want to tell Mark."

Me: "It's just a bathroom break, c'mon everyone pees."

Winnie: "I can wait, it's fine. Plus, I only see woods and no where to stop off right now. She'll stop eventually."

Winnie let her hand linger near her crotch but didn't dare to hold herself. She was fidgeting so much Mark woke up and asked her what was wrong. She just said she was tired and he offered his shoulder up and started rubbing her arms softly. She did curl up and fall asleep, breathing evenly. At this point we were two and a half hours into the trip and I even started to feel a little pressure in my bladder. Not enough for me to warrant a stop but enough I could notice the liquid. Jacob was asleep and Mark was watching Winnie sleep and Karen was driving ahead, listening to her iPod.

It was almost at the three hour mark when Winnie bolted awake and was obviously noticing her overfilled bladder. She clutched her stomach and suddenly her shyness had worn off because she asked Mark if he could ask Karen for a rest stop. He said sure, got her attention and Karen agreed and checked the GPS. There was a rest stop in 25 miles so Winnie held her breath (and her bladder!) but looked like she might not last.

There were beads of sweat on Winnie's forehead and while Karen was speeding, I know it wasn't fast enough. She was too shy to mention her desperate need in front of Mark but it was no secret she was bursting at the seams. I was watching her legs jiggle and she had her teeth deep into her lip. Winnie was staring out the window and not talking to either me nor Mark, just watching the signs that led her closer and closer to relief. Rest stop: 10 miles. Rest stop: 5 miles. Rest stop: 2 miles. We finally pulled into the rest stop and Karen parked really far away from the actual building. I opened my door and got out, with Winnie following me in fast pursuit. I thought she would be speed walking but realized she was probably to filled up to move very fast at all.

She was practically hobbling along as Karen walked in front of her and Mark walked behind her. Her was admiring her pert little ass in the jeans she had on, that I imagine she had squished into. Winnie suddenly realized she couldn't last much longer and made a bolt for the bathrooms. As she ran I could see a wet spot forming on the back of her jeans as a dark river of pee ran down the back of her legs. Winnie kept running until she disappeared into the bathroom. I followed her in and asked if she was okay. I could hear her crying softly and she was beyond embarrassed. I told her I would get her something else to wear and she would be fine. I brought her back a black skirt and a light pink lacy thong to wear. Winnie was really embarrassed but only me and Mark knew she wet herself. Mark didn't mention it and almost appeared to be sporting a little bit of wood.

Conversation went on as normal and I ended up falling asleep until we arrived at the cabin. Karen raced out of the car as did everyone else. I wondered what the rush was when I realized we must have been driving for awhile because I needed to pee pretty badly. Jacob was watering a tree (such a gentleman) and Karen had used the bathroom upstairs. When I walked up to the downstairs bathroom I could hear Mark's strong stream hitting the toilet and seem Winnie at her absolutely limit, hands in her crotch underneath her black mini skirt.

She knocked on the door, begging Mark to hurry up, when the door popped open. Mark was still peeing but Winnie ran in, apologized, and hopped up onto the sink. It took her a second to get arranged correctly but she started peeing through her panties, directly into the sink, with a strong stream. She looked relieved and while she was blushing a little, she wasn't crying and didn't seem all too embarrassed. After their little pee session I used the bathroom and came out to Winnie and Mark making out rather furiously against the wall. They silently went into the bathroom and turned the shower on to "get cleaned up" and pretty loudly popped Winnie's cherry mid-shower.

*002*2013-06-08 22:27

{{ 

Hahaha, the ending made the whole story!

Thank you for sharing :-)

Seems like Mark is at least a little bit into Omo, himself.

}}

You're welcome! I believe he is! They are actually married now, it's super cute.

*007*2013-06-10 03:28

{{ 

Awwwww. What a great ending to such a good experience. & I saw too that they're now married. Are you & Winnie still in close contact?

}}

It's cute! Just Facebook friends, we both moved out of state after college.

*010*2013-06-11 06:20

{{ 

Well at least you both still are. She probably does thank you a huge amount for giving her the courage to go out with Mark & now she'll always be happy

Are you still with Jacob?

}}

Nope, we weren't serious and split up mutually, no hard feelings. I'm engaged now to my boss, actually, haha.

*013*2013-06-12 21:04

{{ 

Holy shit, you corrupted her.

}}

Poor girl, ended up married to a wonderful man with an omorashi fetish! :-p

