A Friends Advice

Author: Melody

*000*2013-01-17 20:08

Height: 5'4" Weight: 130Lbs Hair: Sunkissed Red Eyes: Hazel

I was 16 years old the first time I had a friend convince me to pee in public, at the time I didn't know she was into watching girls pee themselves, in fact I still don't know, it is just me putting two and two together. It was the end of June and we where downtown, we had been there to have fun at the Gay Pride Parade, in our city it was a pretty big all day and night event, there was an outdoor pool downtown in front of town hall so there where many people running around in bikini's and swimsuits. The two of us had decided to go for a swim which eventually turned into us tickling each other and splashing each other with water. I was having so much fun that I didn't notice how badly I had to go, that was until I felt the sharp pain of a full bladder.

The nearest public bathroom was in the mall across the street since the town hall didn't have bathrooms open to the public which meant I would have to get dressed, so I told her I had to go. We rushed to the change room so I could get dressed but I could tell as soon as the cool air in the change room hit me that there was no way I would be able to make it to the mall bathrooms. With a quick glance on her part my friend smiled and pointed out to me that no one else was in the change room but us and that there was a drain in the end change room. I was completely embarrassed, I felt like a child unable to hold in my pee, but she had a point, no one else was in the change room. I bagged her not to look, saying she had to keep an eye out for if anyone came in, but she insisted that she be in the change room with me saying that if someone where to come in, it would be easier to say we where 'playing' together, it would be less likely that someone would find out I had wet myself.

Unable to argue because my bladder was at its limits I nodded as I squatted over the drain and let my pee come out, the relief was amazing, but the thought of her watching me filled me with embarrassment, I had never peed in front of someone before and she had been keeping a close eye on me. I couldn't help but wonder what was running through her mind as she watched me wet myself, was she disgusted? turned on? I convinced myself that no one else could get turned on by pee the way I did, especially a girl as pretty as her. Once I finished wetting myself she laughed a bit and handed me one of the towels from out of our locker so I could clean myself up. After that we returned to the pool and continued our day as if nothing had happened in the change room, it was our little secret.

*002*2013-01-18 23:04

{{ 

Very nice story Melody.

I really enjoyed it. Are you still in contact with this friend of yours?

I am looking forward to more stories from you. :-)

@flubsheby

}}

Unfortunately not, she moved to Australia after High School because she met a boy when she was on vacation and fell in love with him, I've talked to her a few times on facebook, but that is it now that she lives on the other side of the world. :(

*004*2013-01-19 02:08

{{ 

Great story Melody, thanks! Why did you wet yourself rather than take your clothes off, where they already wet or were you too embarrassed? Would love to hear more of your stories!

}}

I had already been hip deep in the pool so my lower half was wet, but it was embarrassing enough as it is without taking my bathing suit off, plus I just had to go so badly.

*007*2013-01-24 06:27

Thanks guys!

And Guilty: I know! I love wetting myself in a cute one piece when I use the bathroom, and there is no way of someone being able to tell since you are soaked from water anyways hehe.

