Just want to tell you

Author: Matias

*000*2011-06-06 18:07

I was out with a friend in my boat and this was in beginning of june so the water was still cold. We went to an island with there two other friends met us. We were sitting on some stones near the water and had juice to drink and sandwiches to eat. Our other to friends decided to go for a short swim but me and my friend didn't want to because the water was too cold, we thought. After a while my friend said that she needed to pee. The problem was that there was no bathrooms in that area. We were like in the middle of no where. Our other to friends came back . One of them said he had to pee and went up in the woods. My friend was now in a very bad condition. She really needed to pee and complained about it once again.

We were sitting a little bit away from our two other friends so i suggested her to just go in her bikini. I said it with a sense of humor and she just ignored it and said that she didn't think I wanted to fell the smell of her pee.

I told her I didn't care and that the wind came in from my side so I wouldn't feel any smell at all. I also said that she then had a great reason to take a swim even if the water was very cold.

And so she did. Suddenly she said. "Here it comes" and she sat up from her lying position with her leg well spread from each other. She said "don´t look" and then pee started to run from her crotch. I couldn't resist and started to look, and it was the most beautiful scene I ever have seen in my whole life. She peed for about 30 second whit an very heard stream. When she was finished the stones beneath her were wet and her orange bikini had a big dark patch in front of her pussy.

She told me to not tell anyone about what she had done and then she told me that i was a loser who didn't swim (in sweden we say "badkruka" but I don't know the english word for that) even if it was cold. She run down to the water and jumped in. I was sitting there alone and my cock became harder then ever before.

(Im sorry if the english isn't perfect. Im from Sweden and my grades in english wasn't the best)

*005*2011-06-08 17:56

{{ 

Actually from a native speaker of English your's was perfectly understandable, the odd error here and there but very readable. I'd say you're doing well in a language that even we find difficult to master at times :)

}}

Thanks. I just know that I hate to read swedish stories when they are bad written. But I think its easier to understand mistakes in the english language.

