Morning problems

Author: charm-alarm

*000*2012-12-07 07:40

Almost every time I wake up in the morning, my bladder is completely full, even if I didn't have much to drink the night before or peed right before I went to bed. I probably have some sort of medical problem, but even though I do, I can't say it's entirely a bad thing since I discovered this fetish.

When I wake up, I feel the urge, and I toss and turn, trying to get comfortable and just go back to sleep but unable to ignore the pressure in my bladder. It's so intense that I can't help but need to use the bathroom immediately, nearly wetting my bed as I scramble out of it to get to the toilet. Sometimes I hold it until I really can't take it anymore, but some usually leaks out, leaving a decent-sized wet spot on my panties.

I usually hold it because 1. I'm lazy and 2. it makes me feel quite aroused to be in that state, almost throbbing with pleasure as my bladder is about to burst. I get even more excited when I leak a little because I really don't want to mess up my panties or the bed, but the danger is still there, putting me on the edge. There's just something so thrilling about being on the verge of spilling out completely in a bad place that makes me aroused. The fact that it happens every morning just means more and more pleasure every day!

*002*2012-12-07 08:09

But I usually do go back to sleep, but I wake up again in an hour or two needing to pee just as badly... and the process repeats itself. So it's kind of bad, but also kind of good.

*004*2012-12-07 08:17

Pretty much, yes. When I wake up again, it's like I never even peed in the first place, even if only about an hour has passed.

*006*2012-12-07 08:33

It's probably nothing too bad, I guess. I sort of just wish it didn't seem like the need to pee woke me up so much! I love to sleep.

I know how you feel, I'm holding back, too, since I'm too lazy to get out of my comfy bed as usual!

*008*2012-12-07 13:21

Going to bed needing to go was worth it, I woke up with an extra-full bladder this morning. I was awake for about an hour, wiggling around in bed trying to hold it and too lazy to get up before my mom called me to go get the dog from her room and put him outside. I figured I'd be fine to get up and just go get him, then I could relieve myself, but as soon as I got out of bed, I felt leaking. It was as though a whole bunch had collected right near the floodgates during my time awake, and every step I took let out a little bit more. I was walking funny to go get him.

Though I had to walk normal once I was in my mom's room because she could see me, which let out even more. I took it in stride though and put my dog outside, then rushed to the bathroom resuming the awkward walk. When I got there and pulled down my pants, there was a pretty big wet spot on my panties. It felt soooo good to finally let it out, and I admit that I kind of liked the feeling of putting my wet clothes back on afterwards, feeling the dampness and slight cold from being chilled by the air.

Aside from my usual morning routine (for which I decided to get online temporarily this morning just to write more about, then it's right back to sleep) I think I'm actually going to wet myself today, on purpose. Right before I shower, I'm going to let it all build up until I absolutely can't handle it anymore, then I'm going to stand in the shower with the faucet running (but not the head) and wet myself, probably just my panties so there's less laundry. I guess I'll just let the panties soak in the tub while I take my shower so they can get cleaned. Two birds with one stone, right? I'm kind of excited, I'm already taking what I consider a huge step in my early days of a newly-discovered personal fetish.

*010*2012-12-07 18:28

I did it.

When I woke up again, I tried to go back to sleep because I didn't immediately feel a need to pee, but my dog got up in my face and started licking me, so I figured he needed to go outside or get water. Both required me getting up, so I did, and unfortunately, a few seconds after I started walking, I felt the familiar feeling of the fullness against the floodgates. It practically came out of nowhere; one second I was fine, the next I was about to burst.

I put the dog outside for a second, then started dancing around, feeling the urge at full power. I did some laundry to pass the time while my dog was outside, but I kept hopping around and shaking, trying my best to hold back. Taking off the pants I was currently wearing didn't help at all, not just because I had to spread my legs to do it, but because of the familiar feeling of taking off pants as a precursor to peeing.

Feeling even more desperate, I went over to let my dog inside, already feeling small leaks as I walked, just like earlier. It didn't matter now; these panties were done for.

I waited for my dog to drink some water, then brought him back to my bed. I then made my way to get some towels, all the while leaking more and more. Again, it no longer mattered considering what was about to happen. I put the towels in a basket near my tub, stripped off my other clothes, then slowly stepped into the tub itself. I had originally planned to turn on the faucet to wash it away as quickly as possible, but I changed my mind, wanting to see it and hear it to take in as much of the experience as I could.

I couldn't hold on for much longer at that point, standing in the tub with only my panties on. I'm used to peeing in the tub, but there was a tiny bit of resistance because of the idea of this "forbidden practice", the act of soiling oneself. I got over it pretty quickly though, spreading my legs and doing my customary standing-squat, then let the pee flow freely. It felt kind of liberating, almost, and it was definitely a good release. I looked down between my legs to watch the yellow stream pouring out as it cascaded into the tub, splattering the bottom with a delightful sound that echoed in the enclosed space. 

The yellow liquid pooled between my feet, curling around my left foot (which was closer to the drain) and spreading warmth around my toes. I looked down at the huge wet spot on the front of my panties and I could feel an equally large spot in the back as well. My legs were dripping wet and the room smelled sharply of urine. I felt pleased, relieved, and a bit bold from my actions.

I then stripped off my soiled panties, setting them on the floor of the tub, then turning on the faucet of the shower. As I washed, I made sure to soap up my panties to clean them as well, scrubbing them until they no longer smelled like pee in the crotch. I showered as normal after that, peeing a little bit more as I often do out of habit, then finishing up. Near the end of my shower, as water poured off my head in great streams while I washed my hair, I was reminded of the great streams that had not long ago flowed from me, getting me a little bit excited again. I finished up and left my panties hanging to dry a little as I waited for the rest of my laundry to finish washing so they could all be thrown into the dryer together.

To be honest, I didn't think I would like doing this as much as I like seeing other people doing it or reading about it, but I'm definitely going to try this again, with a fuller bladder. It felt so strange but so good at the same time, unlike any other time I've ever peed myself. This fetish certainly has awakened something new in me!

*013*2012-12-08 21:35

As long as people want to hear about my experiences, I'll keep writing. :)

*015*2012-12-09 00:52

If anyone wanted, I could maybe take pics of my panties afterward?

*017*2012-12-09 01:40

I'm comfortable with pictures of just the panties, nothing with me in it.

And yeah, some ideas would be cool.

*020*2012-12-11 00:20

That sounds like a fun idea to try in a few days, thanks for the input.

*022*2012-12-11 00:26

{{:

I am glad that you've liked the idea. If you try that please post how did it go :)

}}

Definitely will.

Today I had, again, a full bladder when I woke up, but I got lucky because while I was running around letting my dog out and getting toilet paper from my mom's bathroom, the leaking was caught by my pad. That's the only upside to being on your period, I guess.

*024*2012-12-17 17:57

The other day, I forgot to report on how my latest wetting went. Oops.

All I can really say is, I'm amazed at how much liquid a pad can hold! I was squeezing it after the event and urine was literally gushing out of it.

