A new experience

Author: Lloyd

*000*2015-08-07 12:22

Today I had a new experience at least for me. I suppose it wouldn't be all that new for many of us, but for me it was. You see, I like wetting but I like doing it with as minimal mess as possible. I don't know why this is, but I've always been like that. I guess it's something to do with the eroticism of the urine going through the material of my pants, rather than soaking them all. Usually when I pee my jeans, I'll either squat or sit, somehow, to make my pee soak through the crotch and seat of my jeans. That thoroughly soaks my underwear which is an erotic turnon for me, also. Actually it soaks them more, I've discovered, than just standing and letting it run down the legs of my jeans.

For some reason, as I was walking through my house today, I suddenly had the urge to just stop, stand still and pee out completely in my jeans. Without much though, I spread my feet about 2ft apart, grabbed the legs of my jeans on the outside of the upper legs and pulled them up and tight. I wanted to see how much I could pee in them before it started running down my legs. No idea why, it just seemed erotic to me at the time. The jeans are a nice tight-fitting pair of Levi 511s and they felt really good pulled up tight around my upper legs and crotch. I saw my reflection in the full length mirror and imagined the pee streams that would soon be soaking them. I admired the look of my jeans, tight against my thighs, cupping my crotch.

And I started peeing. Usually, I will just let go a squirt or two at a time, and avoid peeing solidly, until I get outside and squat down so I can let it out through my jeans. Today, I just let go and peed. Hard. The streams started almost immediately, and to my surprise they stayed falling from my crotch. I guess for the moment, they were just falling from the lowest point, from where the crotch of my jeans was wet. I could feel the urine soaking my undies inside the jeans, a hot, wet, luscious feeling, better in its way than sex, in combination with the emptying of my bladder, the flow of the urine through my urethra and out into my pants.

The pee puddle started growing on the hard wood floor. As I'd started peeing near a clothes washing basket full of clothes for washing, I had a ready source of clothes that I could use to soak up the pee. I stopped long enough to pull some clothes out and soak up the pee puddle with them. Then I thought perhaps I should just finish peeing into the pile of clothes. Leaving them there, I positioned myself again as before, this time straddled over the pile of clothes, then let go again. The pressure partially relieved, it took a little longer to get going, and once I did, I discovered that the urine now had spread, and the streams, rather than falling directly from my crotch, started running down my legs.

I almost stopped right there, used as I am to stopping it as soon as it starts to spread and become a bit more messy. But this time, I overrode that and let the streams continue, keeping up the flow into my undies and down the insides of my legs. The streams started falling from lower on my legs and at one point started missing the pile of clothes, falling directly to the floor. I brought my feet closer together to make the streams fall on the clothes again. I figured that I would have to get this over with sooner rather than later, before the stain spread further down my legs, and so I just pushed it out as hard and fast as I could, drenching my jeans and the pile of clothes, and filling up the crotch and seat of my jeans, and soaking my undies a bit more.

Finally, my bladder spent and my jeans soaked, I surveyed the damage. The wet stain spread from my crotch in the approximate size and shape of a dinner plate, and then twin wet stains down the insides of both legs to the cuffs of my jeans. The stain also spread from halfway up the back, across the backs of my legs and down the insides to my knees. I took off my jeans and inspected my bikini style briefs, their dark blue darker where they were wet. But I was surprised to see they were relatively dry, wet just where I'd peed through them and the urine had pooled in my jeans. The smell of fresh urine was strong.

I took off the jeans and on a whim hung them up to air dry. I actually like the smell of fresh urine, and find it erotic. I don't much like the smell of stale urine, but when left to air dry, jeans retain quite a lot of the heady aroma of the fresh pee, without the wetness, and without that stale smell. I find I can wear these jeans even in public after the first one or two times peeing in them and letting them dry, but after a few more times, they become fit only for wearing at home. They develop a stain after a while which is the only time I will totally drench my jeans, to fix the high tide mark it makes. I also find it has the added benefit of tightening up the denim and making them fit better.

When I wash them, I only ever rinse them. All of my jeans have at least a faint scent about them of dried urine, which I like. But the jeans I like the best are the ones that have been peed in time and time again since the last time I rinsed them. These jeans will be OK to wear in public for a while yet, at least until I've peed them a few more times. Maybe I'll try soaking the legs again, just for fun....

So that was my experience today. Something almost totally new to me. Yes, I've soaked my jeans before, but for the reason of dealing with the urine stains, never because I just wanted to see how much of them I could soak. I was pleasantly surprised, and as usual, of course, turned on by the experience. Probably only we here understand just why it is that peeing feels so good, see it as being an erotic or sexual experience, of which most other people ostensibly oblivious. Actually, I do have to wonder, because it seems that there are at least a lot of women that enjoy peeing, and probably have done so many times in their pants, if not exactly deliberately. Now I have another pair of jeans that are well on their way to being inappropriate for wearing in public....

