Tonight I peed my pants in public for the first time ever

Author: pm979mp

*000*2013-10-03 08:32

Hey all, it's nearly 3am here in Chicago, and while logic dictates I should be in bed by now, I just had to share my latest experience (which occurred a half an hour prior) before forgetting about it altogether.

So I'm at my neighborhood bar, drinking beer and shooting the breeze with the regulars. As the night drew to a close and the need to go grew more intense, I had the impromptu idea to close my tab and head out for some naughty fun instead of taking a visit to the restroom before leaving.

Since my apartment is a short walk away, I decided to go back there first and change into my "wetting clothes" (I normally wear loose-fitting jeans and boxers underneath, but when it comes to wetting, I prefer skimpier "girly" underwear and tighter jeans).

I walk out of my apartment in my tighter jeans (not by a whole lot, but still snugger than my normal jeans) and bikini undies underneath. I live right in the middle of a one block street, so my plan was to walk to the south end of the block, walk back northwards and wet myself while filming it on my smartphone.

So there I am, standing at the south end of the block, breathing heavily and ready to explode. I hit "record" on my smartphone and start walking. After a few steps, I start pushing my bladder, and within seconds I'm flooding my jeans. It reached the point where I was making wet footsteps as I walked and I could hear the squishy noises with each step I took as I walked back to my apartment.

It was a warm, thrilling naughty experience, and thankfully I was not caught. Attached is the video and some pics (unfortunately the video is upside down).

%public.mp4

*004*2013-10-04 12:06

{{ 

Brave one. Bravo for that. When are you going to repeat it? We all would love to see it

}}

Whenever the mood strikes

