Another Wetting!

Author: Ayden

*000*2014-04-01 02:26

My parents were finally out of the house for a day so I decided to have another wetting.I had started out the day with a large Mcdonald's drink, and two bottles of water in the morning, then I gulped down an Arizona iced tea (idk the exact amount but those things are freaking tall)I knew I was going to wet that day, the timing would be the surprise. After finishing up a long Daedric quest in skyrim I felt my first leak. I left Makarth to head back home to drop some loot off and on the run back I heard enemy music. I turned around and a sabre cat was leaping at my face. I jumped, swearing as I felt my bladder clench and a thin dribble of liquid soak into my panties.

I quickly killed it with my shiny new weapon( molag ball more like molag ballin) and saved before turning the tv off. It was time.After a trek up the stairs and some cleaning setup (towels and such) I went into the shower and took a deep breath before letting go. It was warm and wet, and I could feel myself getting quite aroused. I reached into my jeans and began to rub myself through my panties, the silky fabric already permeated. I moaned quietly when it began to soak through to the back of my pants, running down the inside of my legs.After what seemed like forever, I finally stopped peeing. I took my soaked pants off and rinsed off before hopping into bed to finish off what I started.Hope you enjoyed!}:)

Edit: im sorry about the wall of text but im on my 3DS and it wont let me edit it.

