Early Memories, Part 2

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-02-25 18:59

After witnessing the results of the jeans wetting I talked about in my first post I was really wishing I could see something similar happen again.

A few months later it was finally summer break from school. I had one friend that lived down the street I could hang out with. We weren't super close, but we were the only ones our age in the neighborhood so we were almost friends by default. We were both around 14 and he had a younger sister who was 13. She wasn't what I would call attractive, but she wasn't ugly. She was developing a decent body and was friendly enough. We let her play with us most of the time.

One afternoon after lunch we had been swimming in their pool for a while, and then got out and were playing in the backyard, bouncing on the trampoline, etc. It had been a while out in the sun and we were all three dried off though still in our swimsuits. She was wearing a blue one piece, we in just our swim trunks.

After a while she mentioned that she needed to pee really bad. Sensing an opportunity, I dared her to pee. She was on the trampoline and her brother and I were on the ground while she jumped. At first she didn't want to, but she kept bouncing and soon had one hand clamped hard to her crotch to help hold it while she bounced and still complained of how badly she needed to pee. Her brother kept telling her to stop and go inside to the bathroom. I kept encouraging her to just pee in her swimsuit.

A few moments later she was still jumping, hand still holding herself, when in mid jump she gasped and looked down and pressed her knees together. She stopped bouncing, spread her knees and tilted her hips forward and looked down, taking her hand away, and there right between her thighs was a darker blue spot about the size of a quarter. She had peed a little.

Her brother said, "Get off the trampoline! Go inside!"

I said, "You're already wet, just let it go!"

She giggled for a second, got down on her knees like she was about to climb off, but then stopped and said, "I can't hold it."

We all watched the crotch of her swimsuit turn darker, a hissing sound faintly audible, then the pee began flowing down the inside of her thighs and more straight through her suit in a steady stream down onto the trampoline. She began laughing. Her brother began yelling. I tried to hide my arousal, impossible in a swimsuit, but I did my best. She kept laughing until she had emptied herself onto the trampoline, then stood up, and jumped down.

Her brother grabbed a garden hose and began spraying water on the trampoline to wash it off and she stood there, wet crotch and butt for me to see, waiting for her turn with the hose, which she then used to rinse herself off.

A little later we went back into the pool. Her brother went inside for a while and she and I talked and she mentioned that another girl who lived down the street and often played with us, though not present that day, who was another year or two younger than us, had peed her pants while playing with her in the woods a few months ago and had pooped in her swimsuit in this pool a few weeks ago trying to get out to go inside to go to the bathroom.

It was all enough fuel to drive my interests further.

