A story

Author: Anna May

*000*2014-06-24 03:29

For this story, I can't quite remember what I was wearing exactly, but all I can say is that it was probably a hoodie over a t-shirt and an a-line skirt (this is what I usually wear casually)

So here's a story about something that happened quite recently, maybe 3 or 4 months ago.

As you might know, I am a gamer. And something that makes gaming way more fun for me is if I'm desperate while doing so. This usually influences how well I perform, as I get distracted quite easily from desperation. So a few months ago I was in the middle of a really intense game. I could've been normal and said brb or something to go relieve myself as I was going pretty bad halfway through. So I'm sitting in my computer chair squirming around and crossing my legs, and the game is slowly becoming close to over. I figured I would hold it until we finished, just for the thrill of holding.

As it neared the finish, the pressure got worse and worse and I was letting out small groans. The people I had a mic connection to were probably confused, lol. The game finished, I had my hand between my legs because I really didn't want to wet myself in my room, the smell would probably linger for awhile. So I rushed to the restroom, which is relatively far from my room. I got in there, and then at that moment I felt the need to actually wet myself. So I stood in the tub and just let it loose. It was nice, it's usually nice. After which, I just showered in my clothes and threw my clothes into the wash.

*003*2014-06-24 20:14

{{ 

It has happened with me so many times, precisely because you can't pause an online game Though I have never really wet myself, atleast not to the point where it is visible to others

}}

This happens to me aswell. I will let out a little on accident but it won't be visisble in the slightest ^_^

*005*2014-06-24 20:26

{{ 

Gaming and desperation seems to becoming more common from what I can tell.

I bet many non-omorashi fans have experienced this and even possibly had mini accidents as a result.

}}

I agree. I've seen many streams where the streamer was very desperate because they were trying to achieve something. And real desperation is my favorite, so, it's great.

*007*2014-06-26 17:01

{{ 

So I can't get up mid-game to go to the bathroom.

}}

Yes, that is the case sometimes, but most times it's a game where I could excuse myself, I just choose not to.

