Work desperation observation

Author: charm-alarm

*000*2013-03-02 04:39

Fun title, isn't it?

This evening I was scheduled to work, and since I have no transportation when my mom is out of town, my coworker said he could pick me up. (By that, he meant that his mother who drives HIM around could bring us both to work.) I assumed she'd be at my house by around 6:15 since my scheduled time to work was 6:30. She got the time in the e-mail wrong and picked me up around 5:50 instead, so we had time to kill before going to the church daycare where all three of us work. She suggested that we stop at the nearby McDonald's to get dinner first, so we did.

Now, I happen to have a crush on this coworker of mine. I've known him for about two years now, and he's just gotten cuter and cuter. I almost sat next to him in the booth at the restaurant, but then his mom sat next to him, somewhat to my relief. (Though I did end up sitting next to him during the cramped car ride to drop me off at home in which his entire family was in the car as well, and we had to sit squished against each other in the back seat.)

I noticed that he had gotten a large drink, one of those massive cups that McDonald's has. This wasn't strange at all; our shift was expected to be about three hours, and I personally get very thirsty during my shifts even if I bring a drink with me since I usually finish said drink within minutes of arriving. The downside of drinking before a shift is that usually, no matter how long or short it is, I really have to pee by the end of it. That detail failed to cross my mind, however, and both of us filled up our cups (mine, the measly medium size) before leaving the restaurant.

We arrived at work, settled in, and waited for kids to show up. We usually have an older group (7-year-olds and up) so I was prepared for chaos. I finished my drink pretty quickly, and a few kids showed up. I believe our group eventually expanded to nine kids, including our supervisor's rambunctious little four-year-old, who was actually supposed to be in a different room but wanted to stay with his older brother.

As the time passed, both of us played various games with the kids, though a big group of them were content with entertaining themselves, and I noticed that my coworker was starting to fidget. Our supervisor popped in to tell us that she'd be back soon to bring us pizza to give to the kids. I was delighted because pizza is awesome, and I was determined to have some even though I'd just eaten crappy McDonald's and had gotten pretty full. My coworker loves pizza as well, but he didn't seem as thrilled as he should have been. He laughed a little at me, reminding me that we had just eaten, and I told him, "hey, it's pizza, who cares if I just ate?" and he agreed.

Soon our supervisor left the room, and after a few seconds, my coworker suddenly stood up. He hurriedly headed over to the doorway, peeking into the hall before turning back with a look of dismay. He walked back over to the table and said something quickly, so I asked him to repeat himself. He told me that he was hoping our supervisor or another coworker would show up because he really needed to pee. I laughed as I watched him bend forward and partially hold himself, and he sat back down, shifting uncomfortably in his seat.

A few more minutes passed, and I could tell he was really getting desperate. He was having trouble keeping still and he kept looking at me with pleading eyes as if I could magically summon our supervisor. His talking was very fast and his humor with the kids was very forced. I struggled to contain my laughter, which I'm sure did nothing but annoy him, but secretly I was extremely aroused.

One of the kids questioned why he didn't just use the bathroom connected to the classroom, something that almost all the rooms on our side of the building have. The problem with those bathrooms is that the toilets are small in size - they're meant for toddlers and preschoolers, not adults. My coworker vehemently protested against trying to use one for this reason and also probably because he didn't want to use the bathroom with a bunch of mischievous children nearby. The kid then asked why he didn't just go to the adults' bathroom. The problem there lies in our church's policy: two adults to a room minimum at all times. He couldn't leave unless he got someone to stand in for him while he was gone. The kid laughed at his predicament and continued playing on his phone. I couldn't help but keep laughing, though I did pity him.

For lack of better things to do, my coworker stood up and walked around, dancing and bending over, complaining about how badly he needed to go and trying to laugh it off. Strangely enough, my coworker kept taking sips of his huge drink while he was moving around. I asked him why in the world he would drink more when he already had a full bladder, and he said it didn't matter if he was going to let it out soon anyway.

After a few minutes, the four-year-old in the room soon asked him to sit down in one of the tiny (I should say, tinier) chairs at a very small table so he could be served pretend food. My coworker, being a trooper and a huge softie, sat down immediately, though he continued to wiggle. He played along for a minute or two before standing up again, wearing a very pained look on his face, and he looked into the hallway once more, again seeing no one. He groaned as he was once again asked by the child to sit down, but he played along, forcing a smile and talking very loudly as if increased volume in his speaking would somehow ease the pressure in his bladder.

The clock ticked on and still there was no sign of our supervisor. I started to feel pretty bad for my coworker, though there was a permanent grin on my face, and I tried to hide it from him. There was no way I'd let him know how amazing his desperation was to me. I was secretly hoping he'd have a huge accident, imagining it in my mind - pee squirting out and dribbling down the front of his blue jeans, leaving a huge wet trail as he emptied his bladder, the shock and embarrassment that would ensue, my assurance that everybody has accidents and that it wasn't as funny as I had made it out to be. But that was all fantasy, I'm disappointed to say.

He stood up again, his legs tightly stuck together, and he nearly jumped in relief when one of the other workers happened to show up at our door, checking on us (out of boredom, I presume, because her classroom had three adults including her and not nearly enough kids to warrant her constant attention). He danced in place, explaining his problem, and she agreed to stand watch for a few minutes. He thanked her profusely and dashed off, and I continued to sit on the floor and play with the kids around me, inwardly cursing her appearance. I could tell that he was about ready to blow, and had my other coworker not shown up when she did, he most definitely would have peed his pants.

He came back in a few minutes (a pretty long time for just having to pee, I think) and thanked her again, then took his place back at the table. Obviously feeling better, he started playing with the kids again, and I didn't bring it up again for the rest of the night, though part of me really wanted to.

As the night continued on, I felt a growing urge of my own, but I held it in, not bothering to go since I generally prefer to use my own bathroom instead of public ones. However, my holding came back to bite me after I got back home. As soon as I made it through the front door, my need to pee really kicked in and I hurried to let my dog out of my mom's bathroom, where we keep him when no one is home.

I bounced in place as I let him out and watched him scramble to the living room, where, to my annoyance, he started drinking water from a cup that we keep on the ground for him. I wanted to put him outside as soon as possible so I could go to the bathroom, but I had to wait at least two full minutes for him to guzzle down water before he ran out and I finally made a mad dash for my room to set down my person, then a sprint to my nearby bathroom. It was very close, but I was filled with relief as I finally got to empty my own bladder. I guess it was a sort of karmic payback for taking so much pleasure in my coworker's pain.

*002*2013-03-07 03:33

I got to see him a little desperate again today. He was lamenting the fact that he had had so much to drink, saying that he'd probably have to go more than once because he drank so much. I hid how excited I was that he was so openly talking about needing to pee to me.

