Wetting game

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-03-30 23:37

Now... who else would like to have a hold-it contest? ;)

*004*2012-03-31 00:10

WetDev.... that was so sexy, honey! Deffo need to have another contest soon in which we all post sexy piccies.... Eeee, love it so much!!

*009*2012-03-31 08:27

{{:

You should post some panty pictures. That'd be nice. lol.

}}

I did actually take a couple of pictures of my panties, but they were red and the wetting didn't show up, really, so I didn't bother posting them. I'll put them up though if you'd like?

{{:

Looks like a lot of fun was had here, ESPECIALLY Vermillion! <3

Too bad there was no video, but at least we have some lovely pics of our "winners".

}}

Haha, a lot of fun was definitely had! I'll be sure to make a video next time!

{{:

Very nice MV, sounds like fun. I think i'd participate but I can hold it for quite a while ;) was it through chat room or what?

}}

You'd almost certainly win then! Perhaps you could give yourself a headstart by holding for the whole day or something? And yeah, the three of us met in the chatroom and then went off into a private one. Just let me know if you'd like to join in sometime :D

*013*2012-03-31 13:27

{{:

How about we gave Vermilion a new title? Holding contests organizer :D well.. I'll keep my eye on our chatroom and will be looking forward to participate :)

}}

Hehee I quite like that title. How about we organise something for like tomorrow night? I don't know what time zones everybody's in, but I'm BST... Which is GMT+1. If everbody who wants to take part maybe meets in the chatroom tomorrow at say 9 in the evening GMT? Sorry if that makes it ridiculously early or late for anyone! Then everyone who's playing can move into a private room like the three of us did last night.

So spread the word and we'll see if this works!

*016*2012-04-01 00:18

Sorry! We could always schedule one for a later time, if that's more convenient for you PSTers... What I've generally noticed about these holding games though is that a lot of time is spent figuring out when to do them and they never actually happen. I figured it was just better to say a time and whoever is there is there :) We don't want millions of people showing up anyway, that would really complicate things!

So we're still doing it at 9 GMT tomorrow, but if anybody would like to suggest a better for the next one, just PM me and I'll try to arrange something that suits everyone :)

*018*2012-04-01 09:56

{{:

I'm in eastern time but it works better late at night for me, i have room-mates and have better chance of discreetion when they're asleep.

What is that time in eastern time?

By the way what are the rules for a wetting game like this?

}}

No idea... But if you go here: http://wwp.greenwichmeantime.com/info/current-time/

You can see what time it currently is GMT, and then work out your own.

I know this will make it in the daytime for a lot of people, but I really didn't want to be starting this at 4 in the morning or something silly for us GMTers. If it really doesn't work for you American lot, perhaps you'll need to organise your own wetting game for a time when us Europeans will be asleep! ^_^

*024*2012-04-03 00:16

{{:

So what are the rules then?

}}

Lol, well this is a slight problem- we're not very organised about it and don't really have any set rules! Some others started holding as much as 11 hours prior to the game, but really it depends on how far you want to take it.

The first time we played, we did Never Have I Ever, which was quite effective... But the second time, there were really too many people to try and do something like that, so we just cut off bathroom breaks and the start of the game, forced drinks down ourselves and held as long as we could! It's all for fun really, I don't want to do something with a lot of strict rules!

