Pee stories

Author: bruno

*000*2011-08-18 17:25

Hi! I'm 17 years old and really like to see girls peeing there pants and to pee myself but i cant do it so often because i live with my parents :/. I really don't know how i found this fetish but i really like it.

Well i have 3 true stories to tell so lets start hope you like it :).

When i was about 6 or 7 years old i remember that my friend made me pee my self by doing weird noises so i started to laugh, but i didn't relay need to pee but he made me laugh so hard so i felt it where coming out and i tried to hold it but i couldn't. After i had wet my self i went in and told my mom that i had wet my self and she showered me so embarrassing :(

I have 2 other stories that happened my sister.

First was when she where like 6 or 7 they where at our "camping house" with my 2 cousins (females) and they where at the beds and my 2 cousins said to my sister that they had a surprise for her if she raised her arms and closed her eyes, So she did it. so my 2 cousins took her arms and feet's and started to tickle her, she started to scream and laugh hysterically so she peed her panties.

The other story i have is when my sister where about 16-17 maybe 18 

She where at some kind of camping place i think with some friends and one of my cousins. so one night after the camping group had gathered and told ghost stories they went back to the camping house and my sister really had to pee but she didn't want to go alone so my cousin said i can follow you but fist she went to get something to drink and she drank it slowly so my sister where about to wet herself. When she had drank the water they went to the bathroom and my cousin sat herself down before my sister did and began to pee. so my sister where about to wet her self so she (i don't know why) lay down on the floor and my cousin started (like the first story)to say funny stuff to my sister and made noises so my sister started to laugh and lost control and started to wet her pants :D

Thats the 3 stories i know. I really hope some one tells me some funny accidents that have happened to a friend or some thing so i can tell you guys!


Hope you enjoyed.

