The woods

Author: murphdog

*000*2013-11-01 00:05

We are packing for a hunting trip into the back country (my wife and our two boys; all that is left at home) one of the things my wife makes sure of is provisions for peeing in the woods for her. We got into a discussion about peeing in the woods when we first went before kids, and how much fun we had in general but her having to pee in the woods lead to lots of fun especially in that time period that we were head over heels in love and no kids to sort of hold things back.

Hint to those thinking about Omorashi as a couple but still a bit nervous, a little trip into the woods were there are no bathrooms and few people, it is a good start, and well since her pants are down ..... but I digress, It brings about a certain intimacy, builds trust in your partner, and builds confidence in yes it is ok to not have to pee in a toilet, a good first step. Hint for guys hold her hand to help her balance by doing so she is not as likely to pee on her pants or boots.

A little story about high school, being in a very rural area we as young people hung out in the woods usually at one of the lakes and when we were between athletic seasons (our class was very serious about sports so we never partied during a sport season) adult beverages were consumed. On those occasions we would go to more secluded locations often without bathroom faculties. There were a couple of the girl's moms that always seem to know that their daughters were not at the movies or where ever their cover story put them.

This was not a good thing for said girls and I know that at least for one of my classmates, her mom used a belt to help make the point that she had best be where it was that she was suppose to be. This was a few (ok quite a few) years back and even as seniors but especially as freshman and sophomores that most of the girls were spanked and were generally given the choice being grounded or swats with either a paddle or a belt (depending on the family)I can't remember any of them opting for being grounded. As one of my classmates summed it up, hey I bend over back of the couch, take a couple of swats, it stings like hell for a couple of minutes, mom always hugs me and it is over and life goes on and I know that I have to cool it for awhile.

It turned out that the mom simply checked the laundry, if her daughters panties were a little wet (drip dry leaves traces add a little beer a little laughter and her panties most likely were wet by the time she got home) then mom had a pretty good idea where her daughter had been at the movies. Her mom slipped when she asked "Kelly it appears that the bathroom at the showboat must be out of order again".

Since my class always stuck to gather and we sure as hell were not going to exclude the life of the party, we solved the problem by caring duffle bag in a couple of our trucks (cars could not make it to the one little lake that we preferred). It had toilet paper, spare panties and those female products that none of us guys in high school could even look at. We thought we were pretty smart but the truth of the matter was that we took extremely good care of each other, and always made sure that the people driving could drive, and the parents started trusting us enough to let us have a reasonable amount of freedom. As it turned out most of our parent knew exactly where we were and what we were up to.

