The Thing That Comes with Being Nervous

Author: arubaro112

*000*2013-02-11 23:03

Sorry if my spelling of use of words is not good (I'm spanish, but I consider myself a good English speaker)

Anyway, this has happened today in my school, (I'm 18 years old and coursing my last year at secondary school).

We wer school uniform, and the girls wear a light blue pullover and a blue skirt that the girls wear so short that ist's like a miniskirt.

Today, there was a philosophy exam that included 6 authors and everybody in my class was really nervous.

My seat is at the back of the classroom, and this week, a really cute girl is sitting on my side(She is blonde, but is colored, she has also a nice butt, however, she is kinda retarded, she's really slow at thinking, but she studies all by heart.

An hour before the exam the physics teacher gave us time to study, and Claudia (the name of the girl) looked to her philosophy notes with a pale face, I thought that was because of the nervousness, but I asked her -Are you allright?- She startled and I heard something that sounded like a fart, but the class was making too much noise that I'm not sure about it.

She said that she was alright, only nervous like everyone. I said that there was nothing to be nervous about, It was for sure what author would be on the exam, Descartes.

Like 30 minutes passed, I was reading my Descartes notes when I clearly heard something that sounded like someone was rubbing is shoe sole with the floor, beacause is not to common to hear a fart in class, so I supposed at first that someone rubbed is shoe sole with the floor, but then it began to smell, most of my classmates have a cold so maybe thats why I was the only one that noticed, but perhaps they only ignored it. Anyway, I looked at her and she was blushing, but I didn't say anything, she was blocked(that happens a lot to her, if you stare at her for a while, she also blocks), the smell did't cease, so I realized what had just happened to her, but, I let my pen fall to the floor and when I picked it up I notice that the smell was coming out her butt, so it was for sure that she had just made a mess in her panties, I didn't know what to say, but I acted like I hadn't noticed at all.

Like 5 minutes passed, atleast it seemed like 5 minutes (The exam was about to start). I told her- We have to sepparate the tables for the exam- (the class was again making noise, one of my classmates was singing also) I heard a loud wet fart, She was near crying, so I stood up and walked to the teachers tabled and aske him if Claudia could go to the restrooms (Is the same for girls and boys) beacause she was feeling dizzy and sick. The teacher agreed and told me to go with her in case she fainted, so I went back to my seat and told Claudia to go to the restroom if she was feeling sick, and I said that the teacher told me to accompany her, she stood up and left the class quicklly, I followed her, now she was crying. I asked her if she wanted to go home, she said yes, so I left her in the restrooms and went to the reception to call her parents, I explained them her situation and her mother told me that in 10 minutes she will pick her up.

So I went back to the restrooms and she was lifting her skirt up and looking at her messed panties, They where completely brown and there was a bulge. She turned and said that she had never pooped herself in class and began to sob. I told her that I've called her mother, so I decided to collect her things and bring her.

When I gave her her foulder she told me to keep the secret, I nodded and went with her, that was still smelling to the reception, said goodbye and went back to class.

My best friend asked me -What happened?- And I said, Claudia was feeling a bit under the weather so she has decided to go home.-

And the exam began. I couldn't concentrate at all. xD

I'm looking forward going tomorrow and see if she comes or not.

TRUE STORY

