Wetting Myself on a Date

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-01-13 02:48

I was interested in replying to the discussion question about wetting yourself on a date, but encountered some technical problems which prevented me; so I'll relate my own experience here.

I have twice wet myself on a date by accident. There have been several deliberate wettings, but these two were genuine accidents.

The first occurred when I was fourteen. We were out of school for snow, so we all got together to go sledding. Then we came back to SA's house to make pizza and play records.

My girlfriend was part of the group. Neither of us was allowed to date in the true sense of one and one together alone -- if you know what I mean -- but the tight knit group of friends that we were in offered considerable opportunity for intimate opportunities beyond what our parents would have permitted, had they known.

Anyway, my girlfriend and I had discovered kissing and touching, which at that age was big adventure. SA's finished basement offered several private nooks where couples could find privacy, and others respected the privacy of those who availed themselves thereof.

On this particular afternoon, my girlfriend and I secreted ourselves in one such nook, and began making out. Tentatively, I allowed a hand to slip dlown her back to her bottom, and was surprised that it wasn't met by her hand, along with the whispered question, "Where is your hand?" Wow! I was getting to cop a feel!

It wasn't too long before my girlfriend began moving her own hand southward. When she felt my erection, she made a little ooooing sound; to be it felt as though I'd stuck my penis in an electric socket -- zoweeee! Apparently she liked what she felt, continuing to rub the front of my pants, until I exploded in my underpants. It felt as though I were pumping out a quart of love cream -- as we called it back then. Gradually my erection softened and my penis returned to being its usual little self.

The experience was great; but there was a problem. I never -- I mean never -- used the bathroom around girls -- not even behind a shut and locked door. Go figure. I guess I'm super pee-shy. anyway, I hadn't gone all day and was pretty desperate before the above event. Now, it seemed as though I had to go twice as bad, and my penis was so relaxed that it felt like it would fail any minute.

Back with the group, I almost lost it several times, and may actually have peed just a little, though with my underpants all sticky, it was hard to tell. Finally, I asked my girlfriend if she were ready to go home, and, looking at her watch, she said it was. We bundled up and headed out. Her house was about ten blocks away, and, of course, I would walk her home.

When we opened the front door, the icy air hit me. My penis began to shrink further, and its holding power to diminish proportionately, and by the time we crossed the street, I lost it. All of a sudden, I just started peeing, hard. No leaking or squirting as a warning; just a total giving weigh of holding power, and a total pee.

Apparently, it was audible, because my girlfriend looked. She froze, her hand flew to her mouth, and she watched the flood soak down the insides of my pants legs and stain the snow. "You peed your pants!" she gasped. Then she looked worried. "Are you all right?"

"Fine," I managed, which was a total lie; "Let's get going."

I took her hand and tried to walk normally. I also tried to open several avenues of conversation, all of which died miserably. My girlfriend was obviously more in shock than I was -- which is saying something.

At her house, I offered to kiss her, but she turned away and said, "You better get home." Bummer.

It actually worked itself out, in time. Later that night she called to see if I were alright. After an uncomfortable silence, we both said, "I'm sorry..." at the same time. We both laughed. She said she'd see me tomorrow, and I was able to go to bed with the hope that she was still my girlfriend, which she was.

My second accident was like unto the first, in that it resulted from my pee shyness. I was on a hayride. We had watermelon, and I had to show off by eating piece after piece. Before we got back to Church, I'd peed myself good -- or bad: Your choice.

So, in answer to the question: Yes, I have wet myself on a date.

