Witnessed Desperation At Work

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-04-29 05:49

I came into work today for second shift, and as I was clocking in, I saw my co worker Emily was over at the front end (I work in the mobile department). So I went and put my jacket and wallet away, and then came back out to say hello to her. As I approached the desk, I noticed she was standing with her legs crossed, but didn't think too much of it.

"Hey, Emily."

"Oh, thank god you're here." She said when she saw me. She was fairly thin, with dyed red hair and tattoos on her right arm. She had a pretty face and blue eyes. She was wearing black skinny jeans, all black converse, and our work polo.

"Why, what's going on?"

Emily uncrossed her legs and turned to face me, fidgeting a little bit. "We had someone calls out, you're the only salesmen here and I've been alone up here all day."

"How long since someone was on the sales floor?"

"Two hours. I haven't even had the time to go and pee, I've needed to go for hours." She added.

Now, to explain one thing, I am not allowed to take over front end unless there is someone else on the sales floor, or else I obviously would have offered to do so while she went and peed.

Because of this, I decided to go and put out product near the front so I could watch her while I did so.

"What time are you out of here?" I asked as I stocked.

Emily leaned foward, crossing her legs again with her hands resting on her thighs.

"Sara is coming in a half hour to relieve me." I'm not 100% sure but I think she mumbled something such as "I sure as hell need it." under her breath.

The whole half hour waiting for Sara, Emily would alternate between crossing her legs, pacing back and forth behind the desk, and dancing around on the spot. She kept telling me "ooooo, I wish she would hurry up" "Why doesn't she ever get here early" "I really need to pee" and things such as that.

When Sara finally arrived, Emily immediatly asked her to stand up front before she clocked in because she was "about to pee herself". As she was hurrying to the back towards the bathroom, I saw her move her hand to her crotch. At least I find some excitement at work on occasion :p

