Mandy the lawyer

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-16 13:36

Today after work I was in the pub / restaurant, where I normally eat in the evening.

In a corner sat a really beautiful woman and read an eBook and also sometimes answered some messages on her mobile phone.

After I had my meal, I tried to talk with her, but she wanted to go home – firstly...

But after a while we, Mandy and me, had an interesting talk and also laughed a lot – so she stayed for some more hours. We found out, that we had a lot in common – but she also told me, that she is a lawyer and married and has two children... Married and children was not what I wanted to hear, but OK, then we could have just some fun and an interesting and nice talk at the bar of that restaurant.

And she was really beautiful, even sexy (in normal clothes), intelligent, interesting and had a nice way of humour.

So we talked on and on and liked it both. At the end, I – with a smile – asked her, if she would not be able to drink any more. (She had half a litre of beer, a coffee and some mineral water – so nearly no alcohol).

But to my surprise she laughed and told me: "Just this small amount of fluid shall be possible to fill me?!?" And then she told me about meetings and seminars of 7..8 and more hours – and she would drink one coffee after the other there – real coffee (what means not just Italian cappuccino or café latte, etc. but really strong pure coffee)! And she would not have any problems with this and would not even need to use a toilet afterwards...!

I of cause was in heaven and asked her, how much she could drink and hold for such a long time. So she told me she would estimate about 2.5 liters – of coffee! And that would not be a problem for her, as she could shift her mind off from her full bladder – ever!

I told her, I could believe, that somebody could hold 1.5..2 liters in her/his bladder, but not 2.5 liters. She silently did some mental arithmetic – and then confirmed, that she could definitely hold up to 2.5 liters in her bladder.

I told her, her bladder would bulge out for at least 10..12 centimetres then, but she told me, it would not, but the urine and her full bladder would probably spread in her body – upwards and to the sides. She touched her bladder area and felt the hardness and position of her obviously hard, but definitely not just nearly overfilled bladder, but came to no real result.

I wanted to know more and (as she was very proud about her strong bladder) asked her to show me. I would pay for the whole evening and all drinks and meal, if she would next time be able to hold 2.5 liters in her bladder. She should come there with her bladder really full – and then fill it to at least 2.5 liters. She laughed and told me she would not drink and eat so much in a pub / restaurant. But it sounded as if she did believe what she told me. And IMO probably she would have held her pee for me, if we would have known each other for a longer time... At least to me it seemed as if she would think about showing it to me, if possible. I just can hope she will have a really long conference within the next months and probably agree to be there in the pub afterwards – before she would go home to relieve her bladder... But it would be good to know her a little better before – and it would be more easy, if she would not be a family woman (married and mother of 2 children)...

And as we before understood us really good, I told her, that a bladder anatomically cannot expand further than from the public bone to the navel. She could not tell me how, but she said she definitely could hold the mentioned 2.5 liters in her bladder and she would be able to wait for all these long hours with such a full bladder, as she would be able to shift her mind from her need to pee and her bladder pressure successfully in an experienced manner and without any real problems.

4 Questions:

Do you think that somebody with a really really good trained bladder would be able to hold 2.5 liters of pee?

Do you think this person could do this even for 7..8+ hours and discuss important objects successfully while doing so – instead of just acting like mad at the end?

Do you think that somebody with a really really good trained bladder would be able to drink 2.5 liters of coffee over 7..8+ hours and refuse to pee all the time and even on a long intercity way home afterwards?

Do you think all that coffee would reach the bladder, if somebody is used to drink so much coffee on a regular base?

Mandy told me, yes the coffee would not be as diuretic anymore, if you are used to drink so much coffee – but after some time all of it would reach the bladder of an experienced coffee drinker too...!

___

Mandy did not talk or act like a poser or pretender. She seemed to be committed to tell me the truth.

Sometimes I am naughty and open, when I estimate a woman would be right for a really open minded talk. I carefully start to very openly talk to a women. I try to never get obscene of hit any wound points, etc. And when I find out, that something cannot be discussed with that woman, I stop that immediately and change to other themes.

And I often was very surprised, how open minded many women are, when something like pee holding or walking on extremely high stiletto heels without any platforms or different other very private matter get into our focus in a good talk. If you have a really nice and interesting talk and understand each other in a really good way, laugh and also talk about difficult themes – both. Then women mostly are very tolerant also to talk about sexual fantasy or something which turns me on. But it ever is a time, you have to be careful not to overdo such a theme.

Sensibility and flexibility are important and you have to be able to shift to other themes immediately. I cannot remember any such talk, which ended abruptly and in a bad way. It ever was after understanding each other in a good way and it ever was a try to find out more about each other – and openly told fantasy – without overwhelming her with something she would not like normally. It was a try to share an idea and ever look to be aware how she will think and react. So you can drive the talk to another direction – in time!

The idea of such a full bladder turns me on!

But I cannot believe, that 2.5 liters of a strong coffee will not bulge out a bladder at the end after going through the coffee drinker's body.

And it is difficult to believe that a woman with 2.5 liters of strong coffee will be able to intelligently discuss important juristic themes after 7..8+ hours of holding such an amount of diuretic and bladder irritant fluid – on every seminar.

Helpful comments are welcome!

*001*2021-09-16 14:14

All comments I got on the old holdingit.minuteboard

###

Bulge_lover - 10/13/15 11:05PM

I don't think this happened, and if it did you're being greatly hyperbolic, but I'll humour you.

Biological fact is, that not everything you drink makes it to the bladder. A lot of it is absorbed into the body as nutrients. This amount varies greatly depending on what the subject drinks. If the subject consumes only water, about 80% will get to the bladder. If the subject consumes beverages such as coffee, soda, or tea, although the base is still water, the whole chemical makeup is modified and loaded with other particulates and nutrients. About 70% of altered water-based beverages get to the bladder. Things like milk, cream, and other lactose-based substances are another story. The body treats these almost like food, and only about 40% moves to the bladder. Note that this is only for whole milk / cream, as things like 1%, 2%, are still almost all water and can fall under the category of altered water-based beverages.

So, being generous, it seems likely that 1.7-2 liters might make its way to her bladder over a long period of time. Thing is, on average in a healthy person between the ages of 20 and 45, about 3ml of urine is filtered into the bladder per minute. So if the subject were to drink exactly 2500ml of fluids, over the course of eight hours, about 1,440 ml of urine should be in her bladder. Now understand that this is based on an average person who's eating and drinking normally throughout the day. If you chug down 3L of water with the express desire to do a hold and you're not eating, it's going to go through a lot faster, but going by what you've said, the subject does eat and drink normally.

So, using the beautiful Kari Byron as a control, a woman who's been scientifically proven to be able to hold 1.5 liters while staying dry. (Even though there are occurrences of women holding just a little over two liters): It would be physically possible and mostly reasonable for Mandy's claims to be plausible. Note that it is extremely unlikely. – The average adult human would lose voluntary control of their bladder at about 900ml. This varies from about 650ml to 1100ml. – Higher than this is considered medically abnormal, yet very amusing for people like us.

I suggest communicating your interest to the subject. Note that it is likely impossible that her capacity is natural. – It was likely developed over years of finding herself with her bladder full to bursting. In a first-world country, the most reasonable explanation for this is voluntary holding. Note that I could be wrong: But if you're close to this woman, and you're telling the complete truth, you should be open and honest with her as long as you've first developed a sexual relationship.

Adrian6970 - 10/14/15 07:49AM

Peter, I can't prove otherwise so I'm giving your account the benefit of the doubt. Although I wouldn't go so far as to suggest the lady's claimed holding capacity at 2.5 litres was impossible, I would say that it was pretty exceptional. Mandy certainly sounds like an amazing lady. Have you made any plans to meet her again?

Peter-P - 10/14/15 08:26AM

@Bulge_lover:

Thank you for your expert opinion!

I agree, but not completely:

(1)

It is not my hyperbolic story, but Mandy told me about it, after I had mocked about not having any more place inside, when she wanted to go home.

(2)

If your body absorbs a lot of water, it will not hold as much as before. but the kidneys will try to reduce the blood pressure and give away more of the now too much water inside your systems.

So I would estimate the rate of water for the bladder will rise from the 80% (or 40%) to nearly 100% after many liters input.

As I wrote, Mandy is married and mother of 2 children!

So I think I would like to meet her again there – but not for sex...!

But she seems to be very open minded and if I meet her without her husband around, I will definitely ask her for more information about her obviously overly strong trained bladder

Probably – actually just a dream – she one day may agree to come to that pub / restaurant directly after such a seminar or other full day meeting with such a full bladder and let me feel and see how full and hard it really is.

If I would be able to get into a sexual relation (what I definitely will not try as she is a mother of 2 children) I could go further and let her hold it for me and pee into a bucket at the end to measure her pee output...

It would be great to meet such a woman who would be a single

But just to hear about her holdings while a seminar is oil into the fire of my fantasy

@Adrian6970:

As I wrote to Bulge_lover:

Mandy is married and mother of 2 children!

So I think I will meet her again there – but not for sex...!

Adrian6970 - by eMail: Wednesday, October 14, 2015 2:58 PM

Hi Peter

I really enjoyed your account of meeting with Mandy in the pub the other night and her apparent ability to go on holding with a really full bladder. She sounds like a pretty amazing lady to me. Would it be fair to say: do you think that she'd been holding it all day? I bet when she finally went to the toilet it was a pretty major event!

Peter-P by eMail: Wednesday, October 14, 2015 4:01 PM

Hi Adrian,

Mandy was there, because at her home her husband had some friends to talk about something she was not interested in.

So she did not come from a seminar that day!

She already sat there when I arrived and she very slowly drank half a liter of beer. When she had emptied it, she wanted to go home, but I successfully changed her mind. She than drank a big coffee and a small 0.2 L bottle of water. I don't know how much she drank before, as she had already paid for her beer (and probably even some more). She paid for the coffee after she emptied it and at the end just had to pay for the water. But she did not go to the toilet, but left on direct way at the end.

When she at the end decided to really go home, I had mocked about probably no further capacity. And she laughed and told me about her extreme coffee consume at her seminars and meetings. She was proud to be able to just shift her mind from her overly filled bladder and driving home with all that coffee inside her bladder and body.

She will go to the pub again definitely. But unfortunately she is married and has 2 children...

And she told me she normally went to that pub before with her husband some times – so normally not on her own

I already wrote some fantasy stories and some experiences to our board, and I definitely don't mix fantasy and real experiences, as I don't like it, if I build up an imagination while reading and at the end find out, that it is just fantasy – or worse I at the end cannot differ between reality and fantasy. So than a before amazing woman in a story reduces to just the question: was it just something fantasy or also her really good abilities too?

Best wishes

Peter

@bursting_2_piss - 10/14/15 09:05AM

> 4 Questions:

> Do you think that somebody with a really really good trained bladder would be able to hold 2.5 liters of pee?

Yes, the best holders can hold this much, but not without a lot of fidgeting and desperation. I do not believe that is the case with your friend, see answers below to other questions, I believe that she is holding perhaps 1.5L

> Do you think this person could do this even for 7..8+ hours and discuss important objects successfully while doing so – instead of just acting like mad at the end?

For a 2.5L amount, no, but for the amount I think your friend is left with after a long day, yes, someone who is accustomed to it could slowly stretch to 1.5L, ignore the feeling, get on with their daily business and leave for home perhaps with a only an anticipation of pleasant relief.

> Do you think that somebody with a really really good trained bladder would be able to drink 2.5 liters of coffee over 7..8+ hours and refuse to pee all the time and even on a long intercity way home afterwards?

Yes, if that person was accustomed to holding from regular long meetings / court (you mentioned she was a lawyer) I imagine someone with a fair amount of natural ability who perhaps got accustomed to holding in school or college and found herself learning to manage with long meetings and court, and if she was stubborn enough to hold until home and really liked coffee, I think it would be doable... but I don't think 2.5L is the amount in her bladder. Probably 1.5-2L at most.

> Do you think all that coffee would reach the bladder, if somebody is used to drink so much coffee on a regular base? Mandy told me, yes the coffee would not be as diuretic anymore, if you are used to drink so much coffee – but after some time all of it would reach the bladder of an experienced coffee drinker too...!

Coffee is mostly water as are most drinks we drink. A great deal of the water we take in is exhaled as moisture in our breath. Unless one consumes a great deal of water rapidly, and 2.5L over 8 hours is a fairly normal rate I'd say, about 1/3 of the water that we consume leaves our body as exhaled moisture. So that leaves us with perhaps as little as 1.5-2L to deal with. If we sweat at all, that is more moisture leaving us. She may be only holding a liter and a half at best, which is definitely on the high end of the scale for average people, but as we all know here, can certainly be done.

I've read a personal account of a woman discussing training oneself to improve bladder control / avoid bed-wetting, and how she was instructed by a doctor when younger to simply not pee during her normal day, just wait until she was home. She did that for over a year and became accustomed to it, and said that nowadays friends / co workers are often amazed and have difficulty keeping up with her schedule because an 8 to 9 hour day without peeing is just normal to her. I imagine she does drink liquid like most people, so her control / capacity is probably on par with your friends, and yes, fuel for the fantasy fire

Peter-P - 10/14/15 04:44PM

@bursting_2_piss:

Thank you for your expert opinion!

Mandy – like you – suggested to think about probably sweating out the est of the water, when I showed her how much a bladder would bulge at 2.5 L. She told me, that her bladder would definitely not bulge extremely.

I will look into the web to find out, how much people sweat on a normal day with normal 20°C / 68°F in a room.

1/3rd seems to be a lot for me, but I will find out

