Another RP from John and Kimiko!

Author: Kimiko3

*000*2013-08-14 10:55

Hello, fellow perverts! My name's Kimiko3 (pronounced Kimiko-san, it's a pun). Today I have another very kinky roleplay from our wonderful relationship, starring me as a sexy, desperate office lady and John as her insubordinate subordinate. This roleplay didn't go too well thanks to me seriously overdosing on green tea, but it seems right that you should see our mistakes as well as our successes!

Most of you will have thought of this little scenario at some time: A sexy office lady drinks too much coffee and needs to use the bathroom. She asks her boss for permission to go, and he refuses. She holds it as long as her little bladder can, but the pain is too much and she wets herself and cries. Then, if you're feeling especially sadistic, her boss "disciplines" her for soiling herself on duty. We've done that roleplay a lot, and we have loads of fun doing it, but I thought it would be even sexier if the scenario was reversed: a powerful businesswoman (me) refuses to let a worker use the bathroom, so she wets herself at her desk. One employee (John) stands up for her, and is disciplined for it. But at the disciplinary session, the businesswoman becomes desperate, and suffers the same fate as her subordinate! I love the idea of powerful women succumbing to their bladders.

I pitched the idea to John while lying in bed, and he told me it sounded sexy and we should try it! I bounced on the bed in excitement. When it came to Friday, which is when we'd planned to do it, I prepared by drinking loads (and I mean LOADS) of green tea with dinner (for some reason it really gets my kidneys pumping), and not having a pee before putting the children to bed. My bladder's got stronger with years of holding, so I need to be more drastic to get agonising desperation without waiting for hours. Unfortunately, this time I went a little too far. Once the little ones were asleep (they look so cute! ) I changed into my suit and went downstairs.

My suit is black (so it doesn't show pee stains). I wear a white shirt under my jacket. The skirt is tight and comes down to just above my knees. Under it I wear transluscent tights and white panties. I HATE high heels (can't even walk in them), so I wear flat-heeled women's shoes. I never feel comfortable describing my appearance, since I'd just sound vain, so I'll let John do it.

"Kimiko doesn't deserve a description, because words cannot adequately convey her beauty, but I'm going to try. She stands 1.6m tall and weighs 52kg. Her figure is slender, sexy and curved, with B-cup breasts and a tight little rear. Her skin is soft, smooth and pale yellow, though she does not shave her legs or genitals. Her pubic hair is trimmed short, like fur. Her face is flawlessly beautiful in an almost childlike way. Her eyes are deep brown and her hair is black and shoulder-length. Imagine the prettiest Japanese girl you can think of. That's Kimiko."

Well, thank you, John. I'd love to be able to say John's as handsome as that, but as most of you already know, he's not. He's wearing a white T-shirt and blue jeans. I walk over to the table, where I have a comfy chair and my laptop ready.

"I'd say "Looking sexy tonight, Kimiko", but that would be completely unnecessary."

I stand with my hands on my hips.

"But you just said it."

"Even the way you're standing is sexy. They should employ you at the sperm bank."

I giggle.

"Thanks, John, but I have higher ambitions than making men ejaculate with my erotic presence."

"Then why are you here now?"

"Because I love you." I pause. "Well, no, it's because I really want to have sex. But I do love you."

"My feelings are the same."

"John, can we start the roleplay now? I'm already above 800."

This refers to my geeky 1-1337 desperation scale which we use.

"Did you miscalculate the green tea?"

"...Yes. Badly. But can we please start now? I don't want to piss myself before we've established our characters."

I rub my legs and squirm a little to demonstrate.

"Are you really that desperate?"

"Yes! So can we please start now?"

"Yes, we can."

I enter character and adopt a pose I know John finds sexy. This dignified businesswoman will do everything to avoid squirming and revealing her desperation, but since I miscalculated the green tea I'm not sure how long I can go without squirming - or leaking. I address John with very condescending language that doesn't translate easily (we were roleplaying in Japanese).

"Good evening, John-kun. I was hoping I'd never have to see your ugly face again, but here you are for another disciplinary session."

"Good evening, Kimiko. I-"

"How dare you!" I smack him round the face. (He likes me smacking him.) "Call me boss! You Western brutes have no manners."

"No need to get racial, boss. Just give me another smack - maybe on the bottom this time?"

"No! You vile pervert. I don't know why we haven't fired you. If I had my way, you'd be sleeping in a cardboard box."

As me desperation grows I can't help but rub my legs and squirm just a little! I've kept my hands out of my skirt so far, and I hope to continue like that as long as I can. John gazes at my crotch for a little while.

"Maybe because I'm good at my job?"

"Well, you're clearly not, because you're here."

"I'm only here because you don't like me standing up for the rights of my fellow workers."

"It was not Hamuko's right to use the bathroom outside her bathroom break."

"So she had to piss herself in her chair?"

"She shouldn't have drunk so much coffee. I saw her drink 3 large cups of black coffee when she came in, and immediately thought "That girl will suffer later."

"But why couldn't you just let her go? She'd only have taken 5 minutes."

I sigh in frustration, and clench my muscles to avoid having to squirm. It's much harder to hold it when I can't squirm. I still rub my legs a little. My tights are wearing thin around the thighs from all the rubbing I do when I'm desperate!

"You don't understand, John-kun. It sets a bad example. If workers think they can be excused to use the bathroom, they'll take the opportunity to message their friends, or even go and masturbate."

"Couldn't you just have made an exception for poor little Hamuko? Didn't you see her cry when she finally lost control?

"It's a lesson worth learning. Don't drink more than your bladder can handle before your bathroom break."

"You drink a lot of tea, boss. Do you ever have any trouble holding it until your bathroom break?"

"No! My bladder is perfectly capable of containing large amounts of fluid until the appropriate time."(If only... )

My real bladder, however, is rapidly filling up. I really shouldn't have had that last mug of tea...I squeeze my legs together.

"This isn't remotely fair," says John. "You should be disciplined for what you did to Hamuko."

"You called me a bitch in front of everyone. You're lucky not to be fired."

"Would you sooner be called a bitch in front of everyone, or completely flood your panties in front of everyone?"

"That's irrelevant. I didn't make Hamuko urinate. Hamuko made Hamuko urinate. It's not my fault that she drank too much coffee."

"But it is your fault that you denied her permission to go again and again and again for over an hour until she lost control. Even when she said she was about to wet herself, you still refused. And within 10 minutes, she did."

All this talk of wet panties is making me very desperate indeed! I'm still barely hiding it. I've clenched my hands into fists, and I'm using my willpower to stop myself from plunging them into my skirt and squealing, as I'd usually do. It's too painful, I have to use the bathroom...

"Excuse me, John-kun, I'm going to the bathroom."

John laughs unpleasantly. I turn to go, but he grabs my arm. I wriggle my bottom a little.

"This isn't your bathroom break. We wouldn't want to set a bad example, would we?"

"This is different-"

"No, it's not. What if you're just going to masturbate?"

"Are you accusing your superior of masturbating at work? Get your hand off me!"

I snatch my hand away and jump back. Unfortunately, the exertion gives me a pee spasm, and I involuntarily bend over and thrust my hand into my skirt. I let out a long, orgasmic moan, but no pee.

"You really do need to go, don't you? Just like Hamuko the last time you denied her access to the bathroom. Well, I'm going to deny you access to the bathroom" - he stands up - "and see how you like it." He walks in front of me with a big lump in his jeans. He's a big, powerful man, and I have absolutely no hope of passing him without passing urine! I'm helpless! My vagina dilates in excitement.

"Get out of my way, or you're fired."

"I submit my resignation. I'd give up my job with alacrity just to see you, my beautiful Kimiko, wet your pretty little panties."

I'm almost in tears! I know a second spasm in on the way, and I'm not sure that I can hold my pee back when it comes.

"Get out of my way! I'll sue you! I'll-"

"Not before you've wet yourself, though."

The second spasm hits! I squeal in pain and wriggle my crotch. My bladder is bulging through my skirt like an overinflated beachball. This desperation has been so quick! I should have drunk less so I could savour the agony for longer...I'm still dry, barely. My bladder's certainly been getting stronger.

"Let go, Kimiko. You know you'll wet yourself. There's no need for it to hurt."

He steps towards me. I look up at him, my eyes glistening with tears. (I can make myself cry, and I like doing it in roleplays.)

"Please," I whimper, "let me go. I'll give you your job back. I'll apologise to Hamuko. I'll let workers use the bathroom whenever they want..."

"That's what I want to hear. You can go."

He steps aside. I've won! I can get to the bathroom! I hold my bulging bladder and start walking to the bathroom, summoning all my strength to keep me dry until I get there. I close my eyes in determination. Then I feel an almighty smack on my rear! I jump in the air and let out a piercing squeal!

"Careful, Kimiko. Don't wake the children."

As I land, I realise that a squeal was not all that I let out... I'd spurted for about a second, and my tights were tracked with drops of pee. My panties felt warm and moist. I should have known that John wouldn't let me get away from him dry...my head droops. I feel another massive smack on my rear. This time, I don't even try to resist. I feel the pee shooting out through my panties, drenching my skirt and snaking down my tights into my shoes. I collapse to the ground, moaning from the pleasure of release, and sit down with my skirt wide open, still spraying pee from my urethra. After a minute of peeing, the flow stops. I fall back into the puddle, soaking my jacket and shirt.

I look up to see John walking in front of me. He's naked...what's he going to do to me? He has a massive erection. He squats down and gently rolls down my panties and tights. I don't even try to resist him - he's much too strong. He slips his fingers into my genitals. Years of practice have made him the master of my body, and he knows exactly how to make me kick and scream! He begins to perform his art.

"Does that feel good, Kimiko?"

There's no point disguising my pleasure.

"Yes," I pant. "Yes."

I always try to resist climax as long as I can, but that's never very long! I squeal in ecstasy and kick my legs. Waves of pleasure run through me. But he keeps going! And I climax again...and again. 3 orgasms in 1 night! Most women dream of having that in 1 month...John's discovered the secret to making me come. I don't climax from vaginal sex alone, but when his fingers get involved I can come over and over again. After 3 orgasms, I'm totally helpless. I'm so tired I can barely move, never mind resist him as he plunges into me. I close my eyes and feel glad to have taken my contraceptive pills as the semen shoots inside me. John never lasts long during omorashi sex, since he's already so aroused, but I don't care about that. He withdraws and rolls beside me on the floor.

"Did you have fun, Kimiko?"

"Yes! That was the best night I've had since...last Friday."

"You certainly seemed to be having fun. I loved it. Now, let me get you out of those wet clothes."

I let him move me like a rag doll as he strips me.

"Do you want me to carry you?"

"Yes, please."

He picks me up and carries me to the shower. We wash the bodily fluids off ourselves, then go downstairs to mop up the mess before going to bed. I really needed a rest after that!

I hope you enjoyed our account. There will almost certainly be more tales of perverted happenings from our house in the future!

NOTE: I tag all my stories "Japanese" because there don't seem to be many other Japanese ladies here and I know some people (including John) prefer Japanese women and might want to read wetting stories about them!

*003*2013-08-15 07:54

{{ 

Oh my God that was amazing.

You lucky girl Kimiko-san, I shall certainly be searching for your other adventures.

}}

Here are 2 you can fap to:

$/12409-a-popular-omorashi-scenario-reversed/

$/11316-kimiko-takes-a-desperation-challenge/

I hope you enjoy!

