Well at least I could finally measure!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-30 09:14

Hello everyone! This is a story from the other day, that I wanted to post but had already posted that day. This isn't a wetting story but I have a couple of those ill post soon.

Anyway, our boiler is a complete pain, I've made my bed into a cocoon of blankets, clothes and study materials seeing as it's always so cold. On this fateful Eve I was in warm comfy clothes lying in bed, with my headphones in talking to homeanddry, when A, my housemate, knocked the door.

HaD heard her when I didn't, so I told her to come in quick. She said she was going for a shower did I need the bathroom. I said 'no, no' so off she went. But then I realised I really did have to pee and had been holding for a while, and literally had been complaining the entire time to HaD!!

Uh oh....

After 10 minutes I heard the shower turn on, and my bladder was really pulsating now, I had tears in my eyes. I tried not to acknowledge this thought, but I have a plastic bin with a lid by my bed as I get ill from some medication I take sometimes. As time passed and I was sat rocking on the edge of the bed I pulled the bin towards me.

It scraped along the floor and I was worried it was too loud. I thought about it but my brain told me I couldn't. I waited and fought and crossed my legs hard, but I could feel my bladder about to give out.

I shakily removed the lid off the bin, pulled down my sweatpants and panties and positioned myself over the bin.

I could hear my housemate was still in the shower so I hoped she couldn't hear, took a deep breath, and let go.

It hissed out of me splattering the empty plastic of the bin but became quite a loud obvious sound once it was liquid hitting liquid. I peed for ages with my breath held, balancing and shaking. When I was done my legs were a bit dead so I nearly knocked over the bin trying to stand up!

I looked in the bin and I must have peed over a litre but not quite a litre and a half.

When A was out of the shower I snuck in and washed out my bin!!

Hope you enjoyed it

EQ x

*002*2015-10-31 08:57

{{: 

Well done on finally measuring, I knew you have big capacity and hold over a litre.

}}

Thank you Macca

