My Journey Home from College - Recent Wetting Experience

Author: WetCherry

*000*2013-05-13 15:55

A Journey Home From College

This is a somewhat more recent desperation & wetting experience I had, and it happened a couple of months ago.

I have quite a journey between my college and home; I get a bus from college to the nearby town, walk to the train station, then get a train to where I live (plus a few minutes of walking to my house). It's something I'm used to by now, but at times where I need to pee, the journey length is a LOT more noticeable.

It was any normal day, and in my rush to catch the early bus, it wasn't until I was sat down that I first noticed my urges and realised I hadn't peed in a while. I kept my legs crossed in my denim short shorts and black opaque tights, and squeezed my thighs together throughout the bus ride, hoping that the pressure on my pussy would counteract the pressure from my bladder.

Finally, the bus arrived at my stop, I turned on my ipod for some distraction, and started walking briskly to the station in time to the music, hoping the exercise would provide some relief. The urges would come and go, almost overwhelming me each time as they became stronger and stronger. I'd sometimes have to crouch down and pretend to be looking for something in my bag, or adjust the straps on my shoes, just so that I could hold in my desperation and wait for a point where I knew I could stand and walk again without peeing myself there and then. I eventually reached the train station in time for my train, and took a seat.

The carriage was more or less empty, and noone was in sight, so I put one hand between my legs and held my pussy tight, pleasure beginning to mix with the desperation. As the train headed for home, the train began to take more passengers, and I couldn't hold myself in such an obvious way anymore; I simply had to focus on my music and willpower to control my bladder. Once I arrived at my stop and set off on the short walk to my house, I felt a couple of small spurts exit my pussy and dampen my panties as I fought to walk as normally as possible, but I marched onwards... I was so close!

I managed to get home, and fumbled to open the door and dash upstairs to the bathroom... Made it! But of course, I mentioned this is a recent wetting story, and I am well aware of the pleasures of wetting myself, so that's what I did. I took off my shoes and climbed into the bath, laid with my legs hooked over either side, closed my eyes, and let go.

My muscles seemed to freeze for a small moment, before all control of them was relinquished. I couldn't have stopped myself now, even if I'd wanted to. A warmth began deep in my pussy, spread to my panties... Then a dark patch appeared on the crotch of my denim shorts it grew larger and larger, spreading down the back and sides. I could feel the pool of my pee growing beneath me, soaking me from underneath as my pussy continued to soak through my shorts.

I lost control at this point and had one hand inside my soaking panties as the stream began to subside. I was wet in every way, and grateful that I'd been able to hold it long enough to enjoy truly letting go.

Hope you enjoyed! ^_~

*002*2013-05-13 18:31

Yes, crossing and uncrossing my legs, or strategically positioning my bag so I can still hold myself are good tactics! :D

*008*2013-05-15 18:47

Thank you all for the kind feedback!

It will definitely spur me on to write some more when I'm in the mood; I have plenty of experiences to share :D

