First attempt at a (semi) public wetting...

Author: Wetboxers

*000*2015-12-11 23:39

So in talking with a friend on this site, I relayed a time several years back when, out late at night in the winter while living in a very quiet town I was able to wet myself a bit and then hide it on the walk back by the good graces of a long winter coat.

Well, tomorrow I'm going to try again, if my nerves don't kill me first. I've got a party to go to tomorrow night, and a long commute home. I figure I'll take the subway halfway home and then walk the rest of the way, as where I live is north of downtown Toronto—once you cross Bloor things get considerably quieter. I'm undecided yet as to what I'm going to do: if I'm going to try dribbling bits at a time into my jeans while I walk, keeping it as inconspicuous as possible; or if I'm going to find a bench or a patch of grass somewhere and either squat or sit and soak straight through, then walk home hoping it doesn't drip all the way into my shoes.

Basically I want to experiment as much as I can, but I'm also terrified of being seen. I intend to stick to side roads and the like, to avoid as much human contact as possible, but I'd also like to avoid there being too much evidence. I figure the coat will hide most above my knees, but I'd be curious to hear if anyone out there has further suggestions on how to be out and have it not look like I've completely pissed myself. Also, I don't have much experience wetting jeans—most of what I've done has either been in sweats, pyjamas, or khakis. What should I expect with respect to absorption and the like?

And as a side note, I really need to invest in some black jeans for stuff like this...

*002*2015-12-12 00:14

{{ 

Dark jeans would be great for this kind of adventure. But I also discovered that even black flannel trousers don't show the wet so much.

Anyway, wetting on a bench is okay if you don't want to get wet under your knees. I suggest only to stay on the bench for a while after you've finished peeing in your pants, because it takes a little to drain the most.

If you decide to dribble as you walk and you like the sensation of letting go slowly, you won't run noticeable risks But I support warmly to try at least once to let go everything you have

Let us know how it goes!

}}

I will! I have a feeling I won't decide what to do until in the moment. And whether or not I let go completely will revolve around A) how cold it is and will I be able to sit and wait for a stretch of time, and B) whether or not I have difficulty getting away from people. Either way, I'm sure my heart will be racing like a frigging jackhammer. :)

Mostly, I think the concern with it dripping too low only partially has to do with being seen; I also don't want to ruin my shoes or my coat :P

