My First Deliberate Wetting

Author: bootsmew

*000*2014-05-30 04:55

I've never actually wet myself on purpose before (except that one time I was sick and didn't want to leave my room so I peed in the trash can, but shhhh). I started documenting on my phone while at work because I randomly made the decision to hold it, since my roommate hadn't been home for a while. So here goes. Sorry if it seems scattered, I was writing down what was going through my head at the time, so yeah.

'I haven't used the toilet since earlier this morning (sometime around 9ish). I've finished off most of a bottle of water and a can of soda since then. I'm currently at the point where normally I'd use the toilet. But I'm going to hold it. I have 33 minutes left of work and a drive home ranging from 20-40 minutes depending on traffic.

Had to stop on my way home to exchange some $100s for $20s cuz my ATM is an asshole and won't take the bigger bills. So that took 20 minutes to exchange them and deposit all of it. And then I raced the rain home. It's now 6:47pm and I'm going to make a sandwich for dinner.

Waiting for it to heat up because it's a grilled cheese and I'm fidgeting and crossing my legs a lot. I'm going to change into some older panties since I've just washed these.

Also changed into a pair of sleep shorts because I don't want to flood my jeans. I hope my roommate doesn't come home.

Don't normally get to the point where I have to put my hand against my crotch but I just did. Trying to eat my sandwich quickly. Btw it's delicious.

Finished my sandwich now I'm going to sit in the bathtub and wait for nature to take it's course. But I won't let it take me without a fight ;)

I've downed another bottle of water. No leaking yet but I've come close a few times.

Dammit. My roommate came home. With luck she'll go to bed soon though.

She's in bed. I'm back in the bathtub. I can feel myself losing it. One. Two. Three spurts. More. It's dripping down my leg slowly. Still holding on. I got cocky and relaxed and spurted more. I can't uncross my legs anymore without peeing. I can feel it pressing for release. I'm slowly peeing. I can't stop it. Five seconds. I got it under control. I can't move. Fuck another squirt. More. Shit I can't stop it this time I'm trying to no avail. I really can't uncross my legs. I'm doing it anyway. Trying my best to hold it. I can't. It keeps coming. I think it's all out.

Turns out it wasn't all out. I went to have a little fun and ended up peeing some more.

