Making a puddle on the bathroom counter

Author: jellybean18

*000*2015-06-26 03:50

As I mentioned in one of my other posts, I still live with my parents. As they are home most of the time, this limits my opportunities for wetting to the kind that are quick to have and easy to clean up. One method I've discovered works because the bathroom sink is built into a counter. I usually pee in the sink because it's quicker and it saves water. Sometimes, though, I want to do something more exciting.

When this happens I will sit on the part of the counter next to the sink, sometimes with panties on and sometimes without. I like to spread my legs just a little so I can see the pee coming out more clearly.

At first I'll let out a few little spurts, and with each one it gets harder to squeeze it off after a second or two. After a few of these I give up trying to stop it and just let it flow all over the counter under me. A few trickles usually end up in the sink, but mostly it pools around my thighs and rear.

If I'm wearing panties I like to look in the mirror behind me as I'm peeing and watch the wetness spread, but doing it without panties feels much better since I get to end up sitting in a nice warm puddle. After I'm done I just hop down and wipe it all up.

It's nice fun without a lot of cleanup. One nice thing about wetting this way is that the puddle spreads fast, so even if I'm not bursting to go it still feels like I've peed a lot. The only problem I've had is that the first time I did it, there was so much pee in me that by the time I finished, it had started trickling over the edge of the counter and onto the floor. Now I just put a towel at the edge of the counter, under my thighs, so it will soak up any of the pee before there is a chance for it to make a bigger mess.

*005*2015-08-06 20:31

Thanks for the nice comments, everyone! :)

{{ 

Just wondering, you've said you like to pee your panties when you do this; how do you go about hiding and washing those so you don't get discovered?

}}

What I usually do is rinse them out in the sink. If I get them completely wet then nobody can tell I peed in them, plus there's no smell. Then I just wrap them in a towel and put them in the hamper until it's time to do laundry.

