My partner in crime (Intro)

Author: ChaosMD

*000*2014-03-07 19:15

WARNING: The following accounts contain sexually explicit material.

Ladies, gentlemen, I am a very lucky man. I have met an omorashi partner. After expressing my interest in sharing some stories with you, she has shown to be comfortable with idea, so I'd like to introduce her. Let's call her LC. She has no experience being a part of any online omorashi community, so this is all totally new for her despite being interested in the fetish on her own for a while.

LC and I met online on a different forum. We have both been members for several years, even argued a bit publicly on it, but not until last year did we reach out to each other. Neither of us knows how or why it happened like it did, but suffice it to say, we are glad it happened. The other forum is in no way related to omorashi, so the amount of chance involved in this meeting is truly remarkable. Aside from a mutual fetish, our chemistry is incredible. The conversations flow freely and easily, and we are frequently excited about the same things.

We got to talking through PMs. The conversations quickly turned sexual. I'm 29 now and less shy about admitting my fetishes than I used to be. Her response: 'Oh my goodness, pee is my favorite.'

I was excited to hear this but, of course my dear friends, we know how much can be involved under the umbrella of "pee." For me, it's specific to the humiliation of a very huge and very real accident. There's also the loss of control and the submission aspects which really get me going. I love to watch those scenario videos and love reading those types of stories. But the holy grail, in my opinion, is finding the person who was capable of being the subject of those negative feelings who also could derive pleasure from them on her own. And, wouldn't you know it, this is exactly who LC is.

LC associated desperation with sexual arousal at an early age, and she told me this story directly. She was 12 or 13, at some type of assembly for school. She began experiencing the sensation of a full bladder, but could not leave to go to the bathroom until whatever presentation was through. So she began to move around and jiggle, squeezing her legs together. Through the fullness of her bladder, she didn't realize that she was also stimulating herself, she said. She kept on like that for some time until she decided to bring her knees up on her chair to continue holding. As she did that, she felt an incredible sensation shoot through her body and her face flushed. No, she hadn't wet herself. She had experienced her first orgasm. And it was with a full bladder. Thus the association was born.

Women frequently report feelings of arousal on a full bladder. It has to do with the anatomy and when the bladder presses on certain areas. But to have your first orgasm because of desperation is something very special indeed. She is now always aroused by the fullness of her bladder.

She also told me that, during high school, she had un-potty trained herself. Her reasoning was that she could never relieve herself anywhere but a bathroom and wanted to be able to go outdoors. The problem was that she did too good of a job. She practiced peeing in multiple places and multiple positions until she began wetting the bed. Bedwetting is not something either of us are into because of the associated clean-up, so she spent some years getting that under control until she finally did, but her psychological bladder control was permanently weakened. She reports frequent loss of bladder control upon orgasm, something I saw for myself while on webcam in one instance.

LC has a submissive masochistic streak to her, as evidenced by her interest in humiliation and domination. She is also something of an exhibitionist. She would talk about how, in the past, when drinking too much her breasts were certain to be shown at some point. I connected all these together into the ultimate and most extreme form of my personal fetish: public accidents. And by public, I don't mean simply outside. I mean in front of THE public...in front of people, strangers. It would take a certain level of theatrics, of roleplaying if you will, to be able to pull it off. And she'd need support of course, in the form of a partner who was going to be able to keep her safe and take care of her afterwards. And that would be me.

To pull off a public wetting, you need to plan it. Much of your odds of pulling it off safely rely on your ability to act as though it is a genuine accident and in the selection of an appropriate, believable arena. Standing up at a bar nonchalantly peeing? Suspect. Waiting in a bathroom line, visibly distressed and looking embarrassed when you wet yourself? Genuine. It takes serious courage either way (and probably a good amount of alcohol), but you also have to be smart about it.

And that's our plan. We have met once before in person and talk frequently through webcam. She is coming to visit later this month for a week. We're going to see if we can really pull this off. Until then, there are a couple of other stories she has told me that I can relay to you, and I will tell them in some time :)

*004*2014-03-08 21:25

Good to see you here :)

