How and why I wet my pants in school

Author: footedsleeper

*000*2012-07-19 17:00

I was in kindergarten when I heard that a girl in first grade had wet her pants in school, and that instantly started me fantasizing about the same thing happening to me. I fantasized about it every day in first grade until a warm sunny spring day, which I thought would be a good day for it to happen.

At bathroom breaks in the morning I drank lots of water and didn't use the facilities. At lunch I drank lots of water both before and after eating. I think I imagined it being like times when I was 3, and it happened unexpectedly. When I was horribly desperate and still holding on, I realized I'd suffer like that for a long time, and I chickened out. But the teacher asked if I could hold on for a while, and I thought I could, and was afraid of saying otherwise anyway.

When we stood to sing I stood there in agony and thought of letting go, since I wanted to wet myself, but I was chicken and at any rate I had wanted to lose control. So I thought unfortunately I'd just have to be in agony for a while and then go to the facilities. But it kept getting worse. Finally I reached a point where I thought it would happen if I didn't run for it. The teacher had said that was allowed if necessary. I didn't have the willpower to do that. And part of me was still thinking it would be fun to have an accident. I thought I would feel my loss of control approaching and be able to decide at the last second whether to run for it.

While thinking this through I suddenly felt something that's never happened before or since: I wasn't _yet_ wetting but I felt the loss of control and knew it was going to happen in about five seconds. Then I felt the fluid moving through me, then toward then end of my dick, then finally reaching the top, then flowing out onto the side of my leg. I had wanted it to shoot upward, not sideways. Then it was running down my right leg and I feared it would soak the bottom of my sock, as had sometimes happened when I was three.

Then it did that and a pool started forming on the floor. Everyone else was still standing there singing. Then my dick stood straight up and the pee shot upward, just as I'd imagined it, and went above my waist and soaked the lower part of my shirt, then down both legs. And soaked the bottom of both feet and formed two puddles on the floor, which kept expanding. I and thought: that's enough. But I had no control at all and couldn't stop it or slow it down. My pants got completely soaked and it kept on flowing. Some of it fell to the floor between my legs instead of running down the inside of my clothes and made an audible sound of water falling onto a puddle, and the girl standing behind me shrieked and shouted out that I was wetting my pants and everyone fell silent. It still kept flowing. I couldn't even slow it down. I kept going until there was none left.

After discussing what had happened for a minute, the teacher ordered my to go finish what I'd started in the bathroom. There was nothing to finish. Going out into the hallway was unthinkable. I didn't budge. But she stood her ground. I obeyed. There wasn't anything left to finish. On the way back I kept thinking the cloth diaper and plastic pants she was about to make me wear would have been useful a few minutes earlier. That didn't happen. No one ever mentioned it to me after that.

What started me fantasizing about doing this was hearing about a girl's accident. One fantasy I have is that a girl who saw me do this appreciated it in that way and it got her started fantasizing and led her into a wetting fetish. It would have been nice if the kind of females who populate this site had been the ones who saw me.

*003*2012-07-26 21:29

{{ 

Wow You were very brave as a kid, ever do it since then?

}}

Only privately, and never as successfully as that. I've never actually lost control after that time.

And I never saw a classmate have an accident. :-(

*005*2012-07-29 01:44

{{ 

Wow You were very brave as a kid, ever do it since then?

}}

Thank you, Rachel.

