One of my roommates wet herself

Author: lachwet

*000*2014-01-06 20:58

In another topic i promised to share with you the pee accidents i have witnessed during the years. Here comes one of them, from when i was a student a few years ago:

When i was a student i was living in a house, sharing an apartment with 4 other students. During my study years some people moved in and some moved out, as they finished their studies. But everyone stayed at least a couple of years at this place, though.

One of my female roommates had a couple of incidents that amused me quite much. The first of those incidents was an account of extreme desperation, and the second one was a pee accident. Both incidents happened when she was coming home to the apartment.

I will not reveal her real name her, so let's pretend that her name is Anette. She is a couple of years younger than me, and moved into the house when i had been there for around 1.5 years.

1. Desperate on arrival

It was a friday night. I was in my room. I think it was around 1:00o'clock in the night. I was living in the lower floor of the apartment, while the entrance to the apartment was at the ground floor, next to the kitchen.

There was two bathrooms, one upstairs, and one downstairs. The people living upstairs usually used the bathroom upstairs, and the two of us living downstairs usually used the one downstairs.

I was on my way upstairs, when i heard someone desperately try the door handle at the bathroom upstairs. It is next to the stairway, by the way.

As i got close to the top of the stairs i saw that it was Anette. She was standing in front of the bathroom door with her legs very tightly crossed. She looked very strained, and very anxious.

When she saw me she said:

"Can i please use your bathroom?" she was referring to the bathroom downstairs, which didn't "belong" to her room.

And:

"I am almost PEEING myself now!" She sounded and looked extremely desperate.

I said yes, and in the same moment she literally rushed down the stairs, passing me with her hands on her thighs. I think she even started unzipping her jeans before reaching the bathroom door. Then she got inside and did her dues.

I went to the living room. Some minutes later, Anette came there too. Her jeans was dry, so she had made it. But she had definitely been very desperate.

We chatted for some time, and she revealed that she had been downtown, having a few beers with some of her classmates. She didn't mention her desperation, though.

2. Peeing her pants on arrival

It happened in the evening on a regular day in the middle of the week. I was sitting in the living room of our apartment when i heard someone come in the entrance door.

The entrance door leads into the kitchen and is out of sight from the living room. It sounded like the person coming in was quite stressed and was fumbling a bit. I could hear the clicking from her shoes/boots, so it must be one of the girls coming home.

Seconds later the person came from the kitchen and through the hallway passing the living room.

Then i saw that it was Anette. The first thing i noticed was that she hadn't taken off her boots. She was walking with them on indoors, but with the laces untied.

She must have started un-tieing and taking them off, then hit by an extreme hurry. She looked very, very stressed.

Anette was walking very fast through the hallway towards the closest bathroom.

She held her hand in her crotch. As she passed i got a glimpse of a wet stain around the hand she held there. For the short moment i saw this it looked like she also was a bit wet down her thighs already.

She vanished into the bathroom in a big hurry.

She stayed in there for some time, maybe 5-10 minutes. I stayed in the living room, being on the alert for her to come out.

Her room was adjacent to the living room, so she would have to pass where i sat to get to her room.

When she came out i saw her jeans again:

Now she was much more wet than previously. She had peed down both her thighs. They were wet on the inside, and a bit on the front. The wet stain was quite asymmetrical:

Most of the pee seemed to have found it's way down her left leg. Her crotch was wet too, but she wasn't very wet around her crotch. Just a little bit on the left side.

She passed the living room and went into the kitchen. Still with her shoes on. Moments later she came back and went into her room. She had taken off and put away her shoes.

After a few minutes she came out with a towel and clothes for change. But now the bathroom was occupied. One of the other girls, who was living upstairs was in there.

Anette then came back towards the living room. I exchanged a few words with her.

She looked quite embarrassed as we chatted for half a minute, still in her pee stained jeans. She had a quite uncomfortable and embarrassed look in her face. She used the towel, partially successfully, to hide her pee stained jeans while we chatted.

Then, when the bathroom became idle she went inside. I could hear that she was taking a shower. Then the laundry machine started, and she came out in a new pair of jeans.

After this i newer saw any more desperate incidents with her.

*002*2014-01-06 22:44

She didn't mention it. She tried to hide the wet stain with her towel, as she waited for the bathroom to become idle.

But she didn't succeed wery well with the hiding, though...

*006*2014-01-07 19:07

{{ 

Sounds like a classic 'didn't quite (or at all) make it on time'. Great incident...and love the fact that she sat around in her peed in pants, sort of hiding them, but not. How come you didn't mention her wet pants? Thanks for the story.

}}

I didn't mention her wet pants because i didn't want to humiliate her further.

And yes, it was a rather amusing observation for me ;-)

*010*2014-02-04 21:48

{{ 

I can sympathize. i've had this happen a couple of times to me – it's like getting into the bathroom and seeing the toilet just makes my bladder turn into a thimble and all the liquid just gets squeezed out before I can get my pants down!

}}

This happens to me too... Often, i need the toilet quite much, it gets much worse the closer to the toilet i get. Especially after a long walk, or when it's cold outside.

I think this is partially a psychological effect. When your mind knows that relief is imminent, it tells the body to prepare itself to pee...

*013*2014-02-17 22:04

{{ 

You might have missed a great opportunity had you asked her if she was alright. Her standing there in wet pants might have been a subtle invitation for a discussion. Great story and one that plays out every day.

}}

Yeah, the thought has struck my mind... But my general impression that moment, and when i think about it afterwards, is that she really was embarrassed, and that she tried as best she could to hide her wet pants...

I was taken by surprise when this happened, and didn't manage to start a discussion about it... I was afraid on humiliating her if i mentioned her little mishap...

