Holding contest [Pictures]

Author: Guest Britney

*000*2014-06-24 20:53

Hey again!

I wanted to share with you my last Saturday, or more precisely, last Saturday night.

I was celebrating my birthday 2 weeks early with my 3 best friends, since I won't be home on my birthday, and this was the only day all of us had time :P

Well, the whole day was a lot of fun, but the end of it was the best, it was a perfect ending to a perfect day.

So, we came to my house at around 9 p.m. after a long day. My parents were not home that night and would not come home until around noon the day after and my siblings were staying at my grandma's place for the night. So me and my friends had the whole house to ourselves. The first thing we did was go to my room to get the alcohol we hid in there. This was going to be a fun night, and we had decided to end the day with playing board games while getting drunk, and had not planned anything further than that. Except for me...I had one thing planned tonight...to wet myself. I just didn't know when I would do it or how.

Well, after playing Party&Co for an hour we had gotten pretty drunk, and I had noticed that none of us had gone to the bathroom for the whole time we had been playing. We were paying less and less attention to the game, we were too busy chatting and messing around. Suddenly this great idea struck me! Since none of us had gone to the bathroom yet...why not convince them to have a holding contest. The girls are the sort that when they get drunk they will do anything. So I brought up the idea after a few more drinks. At first they did not like it, but I told them that they were allowed to forfeit and run to the bathroom if they absolutely did not want to end up wet, and I thought of a really good reward for the winner which all of us wanted...the losers would have to pay a full course meal at our favorite restaurant (A really expensive one too, so we don't go there often) for the winner. They were up for.

There were 3 main rules that we decided on:

1. You may not go to the bathroom or else you lose (A simple obvious one)

2. You may leak a bit, as long as the pee only goes into your panties...as soon as a wet spot is formed on your pants you're out!

3. It is not allowed to tickle others to make them lose...doing so will result in you being tickled back by everyone else!

When we started, I had a fair need to pee, we should say 3/10 full bladder, so I was not really desperate yet. The same could not be said about Sandra, who was obviously a lot more desperate than any of us. She was probably around 6/10 full bladder.

Johanna, on the other hand, looked like she had similar control as me, she obviously did need to go, but wasn't really desperate yet.

Karin has a habit of holding her pee for a long time, mostly because she gets so drawn into what she does, so she has a strong bladder (I still have a suspicion that she is into it, it's hard to tell, and I'm not going to just openly ask her). Despite that, she still looked a little desperate, shifting her weight between her legs pretty frequently, desperation level probably around 5/10.

So, to make the contest more interesting, we decided to have a little drinking game. We took out Trivia Pursuit, and took the question cards there. The game is simple, the one who has the least amount of correct answers after each card had to take a sip from a bottle of beer.

I lost the first card, and had to take a sip. Karin lost next round and had to take a sip. I lost the third round too, and took another sip.

That's how it went on for a few minutes...until the small sips started taking effect. I was not good at this game so I had taken quite a few sips, they'd probably sum up to half a bottle. My bladder was now 5/10 full. I looked at Johanna, she still had a decent control, didn't look like there was any change there.

Sandra on the other hand was getting really desperate..she had both hands in her crotch doing a potty dance. She looked so cute in her pink jeans jumping around my living room. I looked at Karin who had one hand in her crotch but other than that she looked pretty calm.

I felt my urge to pee grow stronger as the minutes passed. I did not pay much attention to the other girls as I was reading the questions of the cards. Well, not until I heard Sandra, who stood next to me, whisper in a worried tone " Shit..". I suspect that she leaked a bit. Only a minute later she rushed to the bathroom yelling "I FORFEIT!". We all saw that one coming though, it was typical Sandra, to give up when things got tough.

When I was about to begin reading from the cards again, I heard Sandra yell "Brit, could you come here for a sec!"

I went to Sandra, who stood in the bathroom in no pants. She had an embarrassed look on her as she asked me if I had a spare pair of panties that I could lend her. That's when I noticed how wet her panties were. I guess she was more desperate than I thought. That's when I started to wonder if the other girls were also more desperate than they looked. I looked back at Sandra. She had a huge dark patch on her panties, so big that her pants must have gotten a little wet around the crotch too. I didn't pay it much mind as I had other things on my mind, holding my pee for one. I found spare panties for her and then left her to keep the game going.

So now it was only me, Johanna and Karin left. I wasn't sure about them, but I was getting pretty desperate, I was probably in 7/10 now. I felt how my jeans pressed against my bulging bladder, making the urge worse. I quickly read the last question on the card I was currently holding, then said my answer and waited for them to answer. They took a while to think about it, so I used the opportunity to let a little leak into my panties. It felt so good. I could feel my purple panties dampen a bit. I almost forgot myself and let loose, but I came to my senses before that. I checked my pants to see if there was a patch...luckily there was none. The bad thing was, the other girls had heard me sighing a small relief when I leaked. Right after that they watched me check my crotch for wet patches. Great. Now they knew I already wet my panties.

Karin had gotten a little more desperate, she had her hand pressed more tight on her crotch than before, she was shifting her weight more frequently and I heard her moan from time to time.

I was in no better condition myself though. I had a hand in my crotch and also had my legs crossed. I felt it become harder and harder to hold it, especially while reading the questions off the cards.

I lost again.

I suggested that there was enough of that game now, we were all desperate enough. They both agreed almost simultaneously.

Suddenly I heard Johanna let out a huge gasp. A moment later I saw a small dark patch form on her denim shorts. She had both hands in her crotch and said "no, no, no, no, no...." over and over again while pee gushed down her legs. I had not payed attention to her at all until that moment. I was so sure she was going to win, so I stopped even paying her any attention, I was so busy thinking about which one would break first, me or Karin.

Well, it turns out we are the only ones left. I gave Karin a friendly smile. She gave an awkward smile back. Maybe my smile had looked awkward too, who knows. I felt how my bladder was swelling up, the pressure got bigger, the pain got worse...yet I liked it. I looked at Karin again. She looked just as desperate as me now. Just like me she had both hands in her crotch, legs crossed and she was moaning as she stood there half-jumping on the floor. I had started a little pee-pee dance as well, but I was going to win...I 'had' to...this was MY birthday party after all. I let out a tiny spurt, hoping it would not overflow my panties, making a patch on my jeans. Luckily it did not. It didn't help at all though. My desperation was too great.

You know how your need to pee always grows stronger when you are closer to being allowed to stop holding it and letting go? Well that was exactly what was happening..I was going to win and then release control of my bladder. Karin was now walking back and forth really fast, with both hands still in her crotch, moaning and groaning, doing a really cute potty-dance. I was no better. I was on the verge of losing control when I hear the sound of liquid hitting the floor. Karin had finally lost control and peed all over herself. It didn't even slowly happen. I barely saw the patch forming, it just appeared out of nowhere. I heard her laugh of relief.

Now...I had won..seems my experiments of holding my pee for as long as I could really payed off...I put my hands away from my crotch, let out a big moan as I enjoyed my jeans slowly getting wet. I have never peed myself this much...ever. My jeans were SOAKED. It was amazing. I felt the warm liquid stream down my jeans, soak my cute pink socks and make a big yellow puddle on the floor. I stood there in my pee for about a minute before snapping out of it by the voice of Karin saying "Feels good, doesn't it?"

"Sure does" I replied

"I only felt disgusted" exclaimed Johanna, who had changed out of her wet clothes. She had apparently taken clothes from my wardrobe without asking. I didn't mind though. Sandra just sat there quietly in her pink jeans, with a tiny dark patch around the crotch of them. Did she even know of it herself? I don't think she did. She had after all just rushed to the bathroom, soaked her panties and let the rest down the toilet.

After all this, me and Karin mopped up and changed clothes...she still had some clothes of her own at my house since she slept over at my place last week. She had brought extra clothes to wear the day after at that time, then forgot her dirty clothes. I had already washed them for her, so she just put them on.

I on the other hand changed into pajama pants. We all watched a movie together before they went home.

Pictures of my wet jeans:

Pictures of my wet panties:

