Fun In Leotards

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-08-28 15:26

Hi! I'm Ashley! I recently began dating a lesbian girl who may or may not have turned me over to the dark side ;D Anyway, she invited me over to her house the other day because she wanted to show me something.

As soon as I received the text from Alexis about her wanting to show me something, I began preparing for the best and picked out a cute, comfy pair of panties and matching bra. I put on my usual sweat pants and threw on a crop top and covered it with a sweater.

Bam, bum mode activated!

I hurriedly grabbed my keys and jumped into my car and may or may have not broken a few speed limits to get to her house.

Upon arrival I hopped out of my car and rushed to the door where I excitedly rang the doorbell. Within moments, the door swings open and Alexis beams at me. I was about to rush forward and give her a hug when I noticed what she was wearing. "Ummmmmm" I said to her about to burst into laughter. She was wearing a shiny blue leotard that was obviously too small for her (judging by how I could see the outline of her vagina)!!!

Alexis broke the silence by laughing first and grabbed my arm and pulled me into her house with a spring in her step. She sits me down on the couch in the living room and tells me to hold right there. So I wait... Confused.. Taping my thumbs together and examine the place where I finally got into wetting.. Finally I hear footsteps, Alexis ran down the stairs 2 at a time carrying something in her hand.

"Oh no.." I thought as she stopped in front of me holding a shiny lime green leotard in front of her. "You know what to do with this" she said.

"Are you serious?? It's too small for me!!" I said

"That's what makes it fun!! Pleeeeaaaaase??" She begged.

I looked at her unimpressed and grabbed the leotard and stripped down to my bra and panties. I felt her eyes staring at me as I slid down my panties and slipped my feet into the leotard. I brought it up to my waist and felt hands unclip my bra and let it drop to the ground.

Alexis's hands moved under my armpits and cupped my breasts. I tilted my head back and closed my eyes as she squeezed my breasts and felt my pert tits. I turned around and she pulled the leotard up and fit my arms through the arm holes she moved closer to me and I felt her pert nipples through her leotard on mine. She raised her leg up onto the couch behind us and put one of her hands on my covered pussy and whispered into my ear "Go ahead Ashley". I began peeing onto her hand yet I knew that her hand wasn't getting wet at first. Suddenly the pee finally broke free of the leotard and soaked her hand. I was peeing so forcefully and she was holding my vagina so hard that the pee was squirting all over the place. I was so aroused. She began kissing my neck and moved her way up to my mouth and we began kissing passionately as I peed so much that I was even beginning to wet her leotard.

I stuck my thigh in between her legs and told her to pee there and it took a moment but I could feel her leotard fill with pee before it finally leaked through and began dribbling off my leg and splashing onto the hard wood floor. I was still peeing but it was only a small dribble now and I knew I was running out. I began feeling her breasts and freed her arms from the loopholes so that I could pull it down and reveal her nipples finally. I worked my magic and began sucking on them greedily.

She shoved me down onto her couch and pulled her leotard off all the way. I realized she had stopped peeing so I decided to take a new step. I grabbed her leotard and tugged it down to her ankles and brought her onto the couch on her knees so that her pussy was aligned with my face. I put my hand on her clit and rubbed it. She moaned. Still rubbing her pussy I moved forward and kissed her just above the clit and moved down and stuck my tongue in. I was giving her a blowjob!! And believe me, this was the most enjoyable blowjob I've ever given.

I was licking her pussy and fingering her at the same time when something happened. She started peeing. I felt it fill in my mouth and I drew back as her pee sprayed all into my face. Now I've already established that I hate the smell and taste of pee. So I instantly spat it all out causing almost an explosion of pee everywhere. Alexis laughed and stripped me from my leotard and began motorboating me. I pulled her from under her butt onto my hips and pulled one of my legs out. She knew what I was doing instantly and cut to the chase really and stuck her pussy onto mine. I pushed with all my might and began peeing on her vagina causing her to moan louder and faster. We eventually orgasmed at exactly the same time and began kissing and fingering eachother again as a little afterparty. We ended up actually falling asleep on her soaked couch cuddling.

It was by far one of my most enjoyable experiences with Alexis. Despite getting pee in my mouth and not getting to pee in my special panties. So there you go :)

*005*2014-08-28 22:44

Thank you vikka!!!!!!!!! :DD

*006*2014-08-29 01:04

Another positive thing that happened at the end was that I got to keep the leotard :D many fun days await

*008*2014-09-04 04:27

I am officially in love with wetting in this leotard...

*014*2014-09-30 05:47

Thanks everybody!!

