Truth or Dare

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-08-06 17:27

Well, this is a little crazy, but it happened last night.

I wasn't exactly doing a hold; I was just waiting a few minutes to go pee, even though I had every opportunity to go right away. I mentioned casually to my friend Katie in a text that I needed to pee, just to gauge her reaction. I hope I'm not the only one who does that. She surprised me... Usually people, when I say something about needing to pee, just tell me to go.

"Don't go yet," she said to me.

I asked her why not.

She said "Just don't. You want to play truth or dare?"

I figured, why not? I liked the direction where this was going... "Sure."

We asked mostly silly questions and childish dares; then she asked me, upon me saying 'truth,' "Do you still have to pee?"

I was wiggling a little at this point and said yes.

On my next turn, I chose 'dare.' Katie took a long time to respond, but finally said "I dare you to hold it until you wet your pants!"

Obviously caught off guard with this friend who had never expressed any interest in anything pee related, I asked her why she would want me to do that.

She didn't really have a good answer for me. "Because I said so."

Well. Fair enough. I held on. I don't mind having my bladder controlled.

After a few more silly dares, she asked me if I was still holding it.

"Barely," I told her. I was getting very, very desperate. 9/10. Constant fidgeting and I felt like I was about to start spurting any second.

Before she texted back, I did a couple long, uncontrollable spurts into my red shorts, and I told her so.

"Just hold it as long as you can!" she told me.

That's when I lost it. The floodgates opened and I couldn't hold back anymore. Either I truly lost control or my pelvic muscles were so fatigued that I let go; I'm not really sure.

I told her I'd wet myself, and she said "Good."

I didn't really know how to take this, so I said "Good what?"

After that, she hasn't answered yet, even now, twelve or so hours later.

So, there's that, and I'm not sure how to feel or what to think.

I took a picture of the aftermath, me in my soaked red shorts, but I can't get it to open, so... I don't know... I'll post as a reply if I can.

*001*2015-08-07 03:12

*003*2015-08-07 22:42

I don't know. I'm kind of confused at what's happened as she still won't talk to me. I don't think I did anything... I just did what she told me, you know?

*005*2015-08-08 16:57

I don't know. I've talked to her only very briefly since then; she seems embarrassed by the situation, even though I'm the one who peed my pants. Should I bring it up again? How do I go about that?

*008*2015-08-10 03:45

I just straight up told her, "Look, so I'm into this. Are you?" Turns out, she is.

*014*2015-08-23 20:54

{{:

Difficult to read the mind of your friend. She dared you but why? The dare was to hold until you wet your pants, not for example to hold until you had to run to the bathroom. Once you said yes to the dare, she knew that you would be wetting your pants unless you were having her on. Maybe she wanted the satisfaction of making you do something which she thought you didn't want to do, or you would lose face. If so, she is not a true friend of yours.

}}

Or, you know, maybe she just... Now, this may be hard to believe, especially given where we are right now... Maybe she actually just wanted me to wet my pants. Revolutionary concept, right?

*016*2015-08-23 21:19

{{:

But you said that she's into "this" -- what did she say that made you think so? I'm pretty sure she's into pee in some way.

}}

The fact that she told me after I asked that she's into ageplay and wetting was a pretty good indication that she's into ageplay and wetting.

*018*2015-08-23 21:52

{{:

Well, this is great news, isn't it? Does she live close enough that you can get together and play?

}}

No, and I'm not sure I'd want to, honestly.

*021*2015-08-24 01:17

{{:

Oh, okay. Do you want to play more games like texting truth-or-dare with Katie?

}}

Well, not really. I've been sort of avoiding her. I'm not sure how I feel about this.

*023*2015-08-24 02:01

{{:

Would you rather keep your desperation and wetting more anonymous, like on here? Having someone in real life know what kink turns you on is a little scary, but at least you know she shares it.

}}

For the record, it's not entirely sexual for me, at all. I'm just... Drawn to it. I'm not sure why. Yes, most of it is correlated to ageplaying, but a lot of it not so much. Still, that "not so much" part still isn't innately sexual. Like maybe under the right circumstances it could be incorporated, but I certainly wouldn't refer to this interest for me as a "kink." No disrespect intended to anyone, because I'm aware most people here to get a sexual thrill out of it. I just don't, really. That's not what it is for me.

