My camping experience. Female Wetting

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-07 23:45

I'm in the writing mood right now. So I thought I'd type up the camping story which took place around 3 weeks ago. Gonna be alot of time skips since I didn't immediatly notice the desperation thanks to my...situation. You'll see what I mean later on.

So, as I said it took place around 3 weeks ago and me 4 others had gone camping. There was Ellie (Tapped that), Katie (Can't tap that), Elliot (Hell no) and Matt (God no). My girlfriend could not be with us, but thanks to me being an asshole, I wasn't really bothered. So we got there to the middle of the moors near a cliff. We began to set up two seperate tents. 4 of us would be occupying one, while I'd be on my own in the other. A blessing in some ways and a curse in others. It took us about 3 hours because I'm surrounded by fucking idiots who don't know the differnce between a tent pole and a godd-Halting rant to remind you that Lord Ctuhulu loves you. Always-amn fishing rod. They fixed up theres and Katie was pleasent enough to help with mine for around 5 mins, then they left me to it. Eugh. They would not be getting any of my chocolate brownies.

Twas around 7pm and I had finished putting the tent up and went into the main tent to play some games and pass the time. Upon arrival, I saw he drinks they had laid out and sighed. They had a drinking game sat up and probably expected me to join in. I declined (I get extremely violent went I'm drunk) and started sipping upon my J20s. We began with some game which I didn't like nor care for before moving onto the drinking game itself. "Have you never ever" where you take it in turns to say something and if anybody in the group has done said thing then they must take a drink. It was 80% sexual stuff, with Ellie drinking on pretty much every turn. After things began to get boring (We went from "have you ever done anal?" to "have you ever done a prank call?" - Facepalm -) we moved onto "Truth or dare" and used an app on the Ipad, brought by Elliot.

It began with Elliot stupidly setting up 3 of us as females when only two were of said gender, an-oh who cares about this part? Get on with it. Yes get on with it! YES GET ON WITH IT!.

Jayzuz fine. So spin on around an hour, I'm wearing Elli's bra, Elli's missing her pants, Kates only in Bra and panties, Elliots wearing a dressed and everybody has kissed my crotch. I look to my left and see Elli's hands squeezing her thighs and she's pushing her elbow into her crotch. "Ofcourse, how did I not notice?" She had drunk a total of half a bottle of vodka, a shot, some other alcholic drink, alot of water and some of my J20s. I noticed everybody was looking at me strange.

"Notice what?" Kate asked.

Thinking fast I quickly said "That your bra is pretty much see through"

She quickly put a shirt on and the other two guys gave me glares that could melt butter. I grinned my demon grin and went back to string at our desperate female. She was around 5"7 (shorty.) had dyed purple hair (Better than pink..Yuno Gasai *shudder*) and from what people have said I belive she had D sized breasts? Either way. Her ass was top notch. She was usually quite cute until she gets annoyed in which case she'll gladly attack you. She was wearing a black shirt (Elliots) and a black jacket (mine) with pink underwear and brownish tights on it. She was sensitive about her legs because they were so pale...I don't see why, she has great legs.

Anyway, she was obviously near bursting point, but was doing well to hide it. Give her credit for that. She kept pushing back into her crotch using her elbows, and rubbing her knees, trying to hide it. I was thinking "Should I help her out by going to the toilet, giving her the chance to go as well?" Well. Your humble narrator didn't do that. This is a little karma for the tent. I continued to watch her squirm trying to hold in her pee and hide it at the same time. "Right. She's had enough." I thought.

I stood, my head connecting with the top of the tent, I quickly crouched down. "I'm gonna go for a piss."

"I'll go as well!" she chimed in, Quickly getting to her feet, bending over and walking out, following me.

We began to walk towards an area designated by the others as "The piss pit" where we were all doing our business. It was over the hill and out of sight.

"You look desperate." I said. Smiling like a snake. (...Even for me that's weird.)

"Is it really that obvious?" She asked, slightly embaressed.

"No. I'm just good at spotting these things" I hinted. Still smiling my serpernt smile.

"Really?" She questioned, raising an eyebrow.

"Hurm" I grunted. "Well I -

"Oh god. I just pissed" She suddenly yelped.

I quickly looked down to her crotch and saw a wet spot on her panties. It was getting bigger and bigger, slowly occupying more and more of her underwear, turning them from pink to a dark purple. By this point; your humble narrator now had a rather obvious erection. As she contiued to pee, I saw the liquid drip down, streaking down her tights and dripping onto the ground. As I was watching, completley enticed by what she was doing, I had failed to notice her staring at me. I watched as her stream came to an end and the last few drops, dripping onto the now wet ground before I finally looked up and we made eye contact. "Oh fuck. She knows." We thought. Suddenly I had an idea.

"You might wanna tie my jacket around your waist, cover it up" I suggested, hoping she'd ignore my boner.

"Oh right. Thanks." She tied my jacket around her waist. "You know if I set on this it's gonna reek of piss, right?"

"Damn. Oh well" I began to walk back to camp.

"Didn't you need to pee as well?" She questioned.

"Right." I went over and bgan to unzip my pants. "Don't look. I can't go while you're looking"

She turned away and I smiled my devil grin. I could of prevented this yet, I decided I'd let one of my best friends pee herself. Why? Well if you flip this around and say it three times in the mirror, you'll get your answers "HSITEFEEPAEVAHI"

Sorry for any spelling mistakes or grammar errors. English is my first and only language

*004*2013-07-08 09:51

{{ 

Great story. I have had similar err section issues but no one ever guessed it was related to a fetish. So hopefully you put your hand right on her wet patch and......... Lol. So was there more to the weekend, omo stuff? Good luck with your pursuits.

}}

I managed to get my hand on the wet patch later on, when it was still damp. Couple of more omo related stuff happend but it was desperation only and I wasen't really involved.

As for the person saying I should write more, I probably will do some fiction stuff, but if I do, it'll end up being a horror story with omo themes(I make horror movie related videos ). That could be fun though....

