Female Desperation/Wettings at the Bar (series with regular updates)

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-06-15 06:22

I want to start this by saying you guys have been wonderful readers and since all of you enjoyed my Viewings at the Art Festival topic I wanted to start another series of true desperation and wetting. Please check this topic for updates in the comments for new stories! I've been a lucky desperation/wetting lover to have viewed so many experiences and am glad I finally have a place to share them.

When I was 18-22 I had a boyfriend that worked as a bar back, security, and bar tender in a very popular club downtown. This club was two stories and became extremely popular with college aged kids and really wasn't for a more "mature" crowd. Now the female restroom situation was set up like this; a bathroom in the far right corner of the club with five stalls and a bathroom upstairs with three stalls. The club wasn't huge but it was decent sized for the area and very popular. I spent most of my free evenings (weekends, really) in the club getting free drinks, dancing with some friends, and of course scoping out the desperation when I could catch it. Again, I kept a pretty detailed notebook of my experiences so I will write them as I find stories I enjoy. And, let's begin!

One night the club was absolutely slammed, I mean out the door lines! There was a special DJ playing that Saturday night so I expected a line, but I was floored. I waited in line to get in and was grateful I had thought to put on tights with my dress and cardigan as it was a little chilly. There was a group of girls in front of me, maybe two or three people away from me, dressed to the nines in skin tight dresses and four inch heels with thick, evening makeup. None of them had the sense to bring a jacket and were all crossed armed and wriggling around. I din't think much of it since it was chilly until one announced loudly that she needed to pee.

Now, this wasn't rare as many people "pre-gamed" and drank early to avoid the high bar prices so it wasn't uncommon for girls to arrive full of booze with a full bladder. I watched the line slowly creep on as this perfectly straightened long haired brunette with olive skin, dark glittery eye makeup, and perky breasts fidgeted in her skin tight red tube top dress. The dress hit her upper thigh and showed off a small butt and a little lump in the front that I assumed was her bulging bladder.

The brunette danced in place and shimmied around, both for warmth and bladder relief. She was regularly complaining to her friends about how badly she needed to go and started to get belligerent, yelling at people in front of her to "hurry the fuck up" and "let her get in to piss!" The line crept along but the brunette was about eight people from the entrance, which still meant her getting IDed and fighting her way through a crowd of people to find a large queue. She was getting visibly more desperate and had her legs crossed constantly now and was yelling loudly enough I could overhear this:

"I'm about to pee all over this entire line, seriously. MOVE THE FUCK UP, EVERYBODY! I'm not screwing around, I'm not wetting myself over some stupid line, I'm fucking over it. Let me in!"

With that the brunette fought her way to the front of the line and demanded that the security man let her in RIGHT NOW. He told her to wait her turn but she argued, putting her hands in her crotch to demonstrate how badly she needed to pee. They were now in an argument over whether she could go in or not and when she was standing to the side while he IDed the next person in line, the brunette darted in the front door and made a dash for the bathrooms. The security man grabbed her and carried her out over his shoulder, telling her that she was banned and to get the hell out of here.

I don't know if he was crushing her bladder or she just reached her limit but a stream of pee raced down from under her dress and hit the pavement. The guy set her down and walked back over to the door while she sweared at him and continued to pee. The urine was running down her thighs onto the ground when she finally squat down and let go the rest of her pent of piss onto the ground. She left an impressive puddle on the ground, so I assume she really needed to go!

Bed time now but I will keep updating soon! :)

*003*2013-06-15 17:02

I was waiting in the bathroom line to relieve my own bladder when I spotted a blonde with layered hair and far too much eyeliner on. She was wearing shiny black jeans (legging? some type of pants) and a silver see through top with black X shaped pasties over her nipples. She was only two people in front of me and obviously dying to use the bathroom. She had her legs tightly crossed and was crouching down, then standing back up straight, then bending forward again. It was very loud so I couldn't hear what she was whispering to her friend but based on her wrist band I could tell she was at least 21 so I assume she had a bladder full of alcohol.

She was almost in constant motion, and by the time there was enough room for her to hobble into the bathroom, the blonde had a hand glued to her crotch. I thought she might already have gotten the chance to let go but there was a queue inside as well so she was still standing there, longingly looking at the bathroom. She stared at the stall and finally hobbled up to it, knocked on the door, and loudly said "Please hurry, some of us are wetting our pants out here!" The blonde was right, she wasn't the only visibly desperate one, but she was probably the worst off. A toilet flushed and this must have been too much for the blonde because she pulled down her pants and yellow underwear, hoisted herself up onto the sink and let a torrent of pee splash into the sink. She sighed loudly and held onto one of her friend's shoulders for balance, who looked far more embarrassed than the blonde. She continued to pee until her bladder was empty, which was probably for about a minute and a half.

More later, time to tan by the pool!

*008*2013-06-19 05:40

I took my sleep medication so this one might be a little sloppy since I'm tired and loopy but I promised regular updates and I've been super busy so let's take a short one from a random page in my notebook:

I was upstairs in the club which was more of a house music environment. There was a dance floor, flashy lights, lots of free water available and a couple of couches. The bathroom line for the upstairs bathroom was across the room from the couches but really long because there were only two working stalls. Maybe ten or eleven people in the line, possibly more inside the actual bathroom.

I was sitting on the couch smoking a cigarette when a very cute girl in fashionably ripped jeans, hot pink high heels, platinum blonde "just been fucked" hair sat next to me and asked if she could bum a cigarette. I said sure and we started chatting. She glanced at the bathroom line and crossed her legs. I didn't want to ask if she needed to pee because she might want to go stand in line so I suggested we hit the dance floor. We danced for awhile and she seemed to be a little into the ladies because she was getting very close to me and grinding her crotch against my leg. She was obviously drunk, her breath smelled like vodka and cherries, and she kept laying my hands on her breasts as we danced. 

We danced for a good twenty minutes until we were both sweating and needed a break. We went back to our couch and both chugged a bottle of water in extreme thirst and smoked a few cigarettes. We kept talking and I found out her name was Sasha, she was 22, and she had just gone through a rough break up. She had come with friends but didn't know where they were and she didn't have her cell phone. Usually at clubs like this most girls just carried their IDs and money in their bras and didn't carry anything else in because there's no where to set down a clunky purse. After a few minutes of her crossing and uncrossing her legs we had the following coversation:

Sasha: "God, I need to freaking pee! I've had to go forever."

Me: "Yeah, me too, but the lines are really long."

Sasha: "Oh god, that's like, twenty five people at least. Sucks so much." Sasha stood up like she was planning to get in line so I decided to distract her.

Me: "Oh hey, I know that photographer, he did my (magazine) shoots! Want to meet him, he's single!"

Sasha did want to meet him so they talked for awhile and he took pictures of us dancing, taking belly shots, and basically just being drunk girls at a club. At this point it had been an hour since we met and I assumed she was busting. She suddenly announced she needed to pee now, and dashed toward the bathroom line. I followed her to view some up close and personal desperation and she did not disappoint. Sasha crossed both of her legs immediately and kept them crossed tightly.

As the line inched forward her legs started jiggling and her hand was creeping near her crotch. Her desperation must have grown rather quickly because within minutes she had gone from a 7 on the desperation scale to a 9. Sasha was visibly shaking and bouncing up and down, cupping her crotch with both hands and pleading with the people in front of her to hurry up. Finally Sasha asked if there were more bathrooms downstairs and when I said yes, she she nearly sprinted down the stairs (which is impressive in heels) and tried to find the bathroom line. When I caught up to her she looked defeated and said the line was way too long.

Me: "So...should we wait?"

Sasha: "I seriously can't wait at all. I'm about to go piss in the street, want to come?"

Me: "Sure, but there are tons of cops so be careful."

Sasha: "Shit, I'm on probation, I can't get arrested."

With that Sasha and I walked outside the club while she did an impressive pee-pee-dance hobble toward an alley next to the club. She was literally busting at the seams and the second she was even partially covered she whipped down her jeans and panties, peeing forcefully into the alley. I was about to squat down and lift my skirt when I saw two cops walking toward us.

I whisper yelled to Sasha to stop peeing because there were cops. She immediately pulled up her pants and buttoned them, but obviously had not been able to stop the flow. A blossom of pee erupted across the front of her jeans and a dark stain of piss ran down her jeans and trickled onto her pumps. She stood there, leaning against the wall, relieving her bladder. The cops walked up to speak with us and Sasha immediately stood up straight and tried to hide her accident. The cops asked if we were okay and I said yes, we were on our way home and she had a little accident because the bathroom lines were too long. He wasn't concerned as long as we weren't driving and carried on. I ended up walking Sasha home since she lived downtown and she really didn't seem to embarrassed about her accident. While walking I was able to see a wonderful wet bottom where she had exploded into her jeans. She also told me this story about a time she wet herself:

Sasha was 19 at the time and was on a cross country flight, no stops, that took about 8 hours. At some point in the flight Sasha needed to pee and was about to get up when the plane hit heavy turbulence and she couldn't go to the restroom. She sat back down with her legs crossed and the turbulence lasted for almost thirty minutes, jiggling her full bladder the entire time. When the fasten seatbelt sign turned off Sasha re-joined the bathroom line, which was now quite long as more people needed to go now.

About four people were able to use the bathroom before the lights turned back on and the pilot warned the plane was hitting heavy turbulence. Sasha returned to her seat but now really needed to go and was hoping the turbulence would end soon. Each bump and wiggle shook her bladder and she admitted to unbuttoning her jeans to keep the pressure off her swollen bladder. The turbulence was very harsh and she said she didn't know how long it lasted, but it felt like a lifetime until the pilot said it was safe to walk around the aircraft again. This time the line was even longer than before and Sasha was doubting her abilities to hold her bladder. She refused to hold herself in public but had her legs crossed and was having a difficult time holding her water. Sasha was about seven people from relief when the dam burst and she flooded her jeans. She was extremely embarrassed because everyone was looking at her and she had to sit in wet jeans for the rest of her flight.

*009*2013-06-19 06:00

Still loopy on sleep medications so this won't be as well written or detailed as I would like to be but I just thought of this viewing and it really turned me on so I wanted to share so I could get a little play time in myself before bed. ;-)

This bar was very popular and well known for scantily clad shot girls and busty bar tenders. The shot girls were given a tray of jello or other flavored shots at the beginning of the night and had to "buy their tray." The minimum they had to buy it for was a set price and each girl could sell each shot any amount she wanted and could also accept tips, so these women would clean up on a busy night. One shot girl named Mandy was wearing her usual uniform and was obviously making quite a bit of money that evening since it was busy and the management was short two regular girls that night.

Shot girls are also allowed to drink on the job as long as they could still sell and be functional and Mandy loved to drink. Mandy's uniform (each girl was required a similar uniform but with different colors and designs to make them stand out) consisted of a black underbust corset, a neon pink bra, neon pink shorty shorts, and black heels with neon pink hearts on them. Mandy was a curvier girl with large breasts and a big ass. She had shoulder length brown hair with blunt bangs and wore bright blue contact lenses. When Mandy needed or wanted to take a break to smoke a cigarette or pee she had to ask for management approval, then go into the employee bathroom. The managers had the keys to the bathroom to keep employees from sneaking off and slacking off. Shot girls and bartenders weren't allowed to take breaks without management approval.

This night was exceptionally busy and since I was following my security boyfriend around like a puppy dog I heard several requests from Mandy for him to find her a manager so she could have a pee break. When I see her she wasn't visibly desperate but she was holding a tray and trying to look sexy for extra tips. My boyfriend found a manager but each time he asked Mandy was denied. The building was slammed, they really needed the drink sales, and one other shot girl had quit and walked out an hour prior for reasons unknown.

Mandy kept asking and asking but each time her request was denied. She was now showing visible signs of desperation; leg crossing, pained look in the face, slowed walking. Finally Mandy begged a manager to let her go because she was about to pee her pants so he told her ten more minutes and she could have the key. Mandy continued to sell shots and by now I was following her around to watch for any potential desperation. Her cute bottom was wriggling left and right as she tried to walk and keep her legs together or straight. I heard Mandy gasp and saw her run behind the bar where she wasn't supposed to be.

I chased her to the bar to see her crouching down on the mats (they are built to suck up spilled liquid), peeing directly through her uniform. The bartender was shouting at her that she was disgusting and going to get fired but once Mandy was done relieving her very full bladder the manager pulled her into his office and apologized for not taking her seriously. She was able to change and work the rest of the night dry.

*011*2013-06-21 02:39

{{:

I'm loving this more then M'c Donald wan'ts kids to love greasy, bland, flattened, heart stopping burgers. Do you get stories like this all the time or do you eventually run out for these threads?

}}

I'm glad you're enjoying! These threads are all from years ago so unfortunately I only have as many as I've viewed but I have quite a few. I'm an organized gal so I have notebooks of my experiences to remember details like clothes, conversations, looks, etc. Once my stories are out they are out , but I have a lot more to add to the bar ones. I've just been really busy lately.

*013*2013-06-21 13:00

{{:

That's okay. There's plenty of people with stories to go around. I can't imagine stalking people for them though. As long as we can truly respect them as people and appreciate the deed they're doing for us against their will I guess it won't kill them.

}}

Did I imply I was stalking people at any point? I used to work at an art festival that had an improper amount of bathrooms, so I would see desperate people walk past me often. I also regularly hung out at this bar to be with my boyfriend and bars and clubs often have decent amount of desperation. All of this is stretched out between years and years of being somewhere. At what point did I follow someone home and peep through their windows?

*015*2013-06-21 13:55

I believe I was 21 at this time and I had broken up with my bar manager boyfriend for a few months in the winter. Once spring passed and my casual boyfriend and I split up I missed my bar boyfriend so I made it a point to look as beautiful as possible, show up at the bar, and gladly accept drinks and dances with other men. On one of these nights I brought two of my friends, Amy and Jennifer, for moral and sexiness support. Now let me tell you a little bit about Amy. Amy hates public bathrooms and was raised in a very strict household where it was frowned upon to relieve yourself anywhere but at home.

Because of this Amy had a very large bladder capacity and I had never seen her use a restroom anywhere but at a home. She was a neat freak and very picky about cleanliness, so even during times of desperation when she walked into a public bathroom and didn't deem it clean enough she would decide to hold her water. Amy was 5'4 with dark brown hair, blunt bangs, big blue eyes, fake eyelashes, pouty baby pink lips and was wearing a high waisted floral skirt with a black top, black tights and black mini boots. Since this story is mostly about her I won't bother to describe Jennifer very much. Jennifer was maybe 5'5, on the thicker side, and was wearing a skin tight leopard print dress with 4 inch heels and a push up bra.

We went to the bar around 8 pm and planned to leave early since Jennifer had to work early in the morning. We went dressed to the nines and it showed, as men were all over us and buying drinks left and right. I've never been a heavy beer drinker so I had two mixed drinks, felt too tipsy, and then just had water and danced after that. While Amy enjoyed the attention, she was shy about her dancing skills and even a drunk Amy didn't like to dance. Jennifer was the opposite so she and I tore up the dance floor while Amy pounded beers.

She could hold her alcohol well and drank more than we ever did, which made me sure her bladder could hold far more than mine ever could. 11 pm struck and we decided to leave, so Jennifer and I went to the restroom while Amy sat at the bar. We left and began walking home when Jennifer received a text from a co-worker begging to cover her shift since she really needed the money. 

Jennifer gladly agreed and asked if we could go to this new gay club down the street. None of us had been before and Jennifer and I were both bisexual. Amy agreed since she was more likely to dance with gay men than straight men so we tried it out and had a blast. At this point Jennifer and I continued to drink but visited the bathroom often with some uncomfortable wait times. Amy never went and when it was last call she ordered one last beer, pounded it, and we left the bar and had a twenty minute conversation about whether we should walk or take a cab home. Since women usually wear heels when they really shouldn't, we decided we would take a cab halfway out of downtown to save funds and then walk the rest of the way. It was a long walk overall and we usually took cabs but all of us were low on funds so splitting half a ride was fine with us.

When we got out of the cab and began to walk it was safe to say Jennifer and Amy were pretty drunk. I was the most sober of all of us and I was still tipsy enough to talk way too loud and be silly. We decided to stay at Jennifer's apartment since it was the closest although still a fifteen minute walk, which was taking much longer than fifteen minutes since we were all cringing in our painful heels and Jennifer stopped walking all together to take a phone call from a guy she met at a bar. Amy and I took a cigarette break and when we sat down on a step of a building I noticed her immediately cross her legs tightly.

At this point I realized she hadn't been to the bathroom since she left her house around 7:30 pm and by now it was nearly 3:30 am. This whole time her bladder was filling significantly with beer and while I recognized she had the ability to hold her bladder well, it must be very full by now. Amy wasn't one to talk about her bladder very much but she mentioned to me she needed to pee pretty badly and we should really get back to walking. I yelled at Jennifer to get off the damn phone and she obliged and we got back to walking. Ten minutes or so passed when Jennifer announced she needed to pee something awful and all of us agreed at her sentiment. At this point our bladders and shoes were really slowing us down, to such a degree Amy was complaining we needed to hurry up and took off her shoes. Jennifer and I refused to walk around barefoot since there was too much risk of stepping on broken glass or something else so we kept delaying the trip to the bathroom all of this needed.

Finally Jennifer yelled "fuck this, I'm going to pee myself" and ducked behind a car, lifting up a dress, pulling down her panties, and relieved herself rather loudly into the street. Her puddle pooled underneath the car and her river started to spill downhill. I decided to join her and ducked behind a car a few cars down and peed in the street as well, too drunk to care about politeness. When we reached Jennifer again she was crossing her legs tightly and looking worried, but scolded both of us for being so gross and peeing in the road. She started to walk faster and Jennifer and I sped up a bit but our feet were hurting too badly to keep up with Amy. She started yelling at us to hurry up, which meant she really must have a full, bulging bladder by now.

When we finally caught up to Amy we were pretty close to Jennifer's place but she was so badly off she was making regular stops to cross her legs and even sneak a hand into her crotch. I encouraged her to squat behind a car but Amy refused, and continued on. When she reached the point of desperation of having to stop every few yards to cross her legs and was walking so tight legged it was really lagging us, we encouraged her again, really wanting to get home. I was hungry, Jen was tired, and Amy obviously needed to pee like nobody's business. 

Finally Amy confessed she really wanted to pee behind a car because she was about to bust but lifted up her skirt to showed she wasn't wearing a shirt but a tight leotard so her high waisted skirt wouldn't scrunch up her top. To pee she would have to take her entire leotard off and while she could cover her bottom with her skirt, she would be fully nude. Amy had bigger breasts and never wore a bra, just little nipple pasties to keep her nipples from poking through.

By now we were close to Jennifer's apartment and we had all given up on our shoes. When Amy saw Jen's apartment in view she sprinted toward it and ran up the stairs. Jennifer and I followed in fast pursuit to find Amy at the doorstep, dancing in place, holding her crotch with both hands. Jennifer had the keys and Amy was yelling that she was wetting herself and begging Jennifer to open the door. I stared at Amy's legs and noticed one streak of pee darkening her already dark tights while Jennifer drunkenly fought with her lock. Once we were in Amy ran into the bathroom, and started to quickly undress.

Not caring about whether or not she thought I was a weird, I followed her in through the open doorway and watched Amy fight with her leotard, trying to get it off quickly. Her bladder was already releasing herself and several droplets were now hitting the floor but she only seemed to be leaking. Once she was undressed she gave up on pulling down her tights and panties and peed through them, since they were already wet. I can't imagine how full her bladder was because she peed for a ridiculous amount of time, sighing loudly as her stream echoed loudly against the bowl. For the rest of the night Amy was running to the restroom often, her bladder obviously weakened from her extensive hold. After that Amy started using the restroom at bars so the experience must have haunted her.

*016*2013-06-21 14:10

Now for a short one for the wetting lovers.

I had left the bar after close since my boyfriend and I were doing a bit of fooling around in the liquor cooler. The manager noticed and kicked me out but laughed, gave me a hug, and told me he wished he had a girl as feisty as me to come home to. Right as the manager was walking me out (the area had gotten a little shifty and he wanted to make sure I safely got to a cab) two girls were waiting at the entrance begging to come in to use the bathroom. One already had wet jeans but probably wanted to come in to clean up. She was wearing jean shorts with colorful tights, a neon top, and a visible glittery bra.

The front of her shorts were wet across the crotch and her tights had pee streaks down the inside of her thighs, even onto the front of her tights. The second girl was dressed similarly in metallic leggings with a black crop top, her belly openly showing. The girl with metallic leggings had her thighs squeezed together tightly and was dancing on the spot with a hand in her crotch. The manager told her no, we were closed, he couldn't let her into the bathroom. Metallic leggings begged and said it was an emergency.

I don't know if she had even been in that bar that night (there were a few on the block, and since her friend's pants were already wet I doubted it) but she continued to beg, prolonging her predicament. The manager still said no, he couldn't let her in and the bathrooms were being cleaned. He walked me out to wait for a cab but it took awhile for me to hail one so I told him I was alright and wanted to grab a cigarette. Of course I just wanted to spy, but he was none the wiser.

The girls continued to knock on other doors of local restaurants and bars to beg for a bathroom, but either were told no or given no response. Metallic leggings was nonstop dancing now and I was sure she wasn't going to make it. There were cops patrolling the area so squatting behind a car or in an alley was out of the question. Leggings and her friend decided to keep walking even though at this point she was hobbling. Leggings bladder must have given up because she froze, spread her legs, and let her pee flow through her leggings. Since her leggings were a thicker metallic material her leggings almost seemed water proof, like water running off a cats back. I didn't really notice her backside getting wet but I could see a stream coming out of her crotch and out of the bottom of her leggings.

Once she had let go she continued walking and didn't seem embarrassed at all. Her friend also seemed too drunk to care about her wet pants and honestly accidents happened so often with heavy drinking I wouldn't be surprised if this wasn't her first experience.

*017*2013-06-21 14:33

For the wetting lovers this is desperation only, just warning:

One night, I think I was 19 or so because I wasn't drinking and I had a friend with me at the time I lost touch with around 20 when she graduated, the downstairs bathrooms for both men and women were out of order. A pipe had burst so the doors were locked with signs on them directly party go-ers to go upstairs. It was a Tuesday so it wasn't a really busy night but knocking the bathroom capacity down to three really put some women in desperate situations. The women's out of order sign had been torn off and there was a group of women that were older than our normal crowd, probably in their mid thirties, that were celebrating a bachelorette party based on their crowns and ribbons. These women must not have been to the club before because they were standing at the bathroom door for a long time, knocking and pulling at the downstairs door, waiting for it to open.

The doors are never locked unless the bathrooms were out of order and they didn't seem to know there was an upstairs because these four or five women (sorry, I don't really remember) kept waiting at the door and knocking. After ten minutes or so the women were obviously in great need and asked a bartender to find them a manager (of course I was sneaking around to overhear, you know me!)

A manager arrived and I walked up to the bar and listened to the bachelorette, who was now crossing her legs, formally complain to the manager about how the bathrooms weren't accessible and her party was about to leave. She was getting pretty angry but he told her to calm down and that there were restrooms upstairs. He apologized for the inconvenience, informed them that there were restrooms upstairs, and gave all of the women a free shot on the house. He did one with them as well and went on his way, as did they. They hurried up the stairs and walked around aimlessly looking for the bathrooms. While I of course knew where they were I am a desperation lover and didn't mind watching these ladies walk around looking for the bathrooms.

While the restroom sign was lit up and neon, they seemed quite tipsy and the sign wasn't large, as well as there were multiple neon signs throughout the bar. The women finally spotted the bathroom line and joined it, which was maybe three or four people long. I of course "needed to pee" as well and got in line behind them. The bachelorette was wearing black jeans and a dark pink sweater and the second they joined the line she crossed her legs tightly and started complaining about her need.

Bachelorette: "Oh come ON! We should have just left awhile ago and peed at the Pita Pit, goddamn."

Friend: "We could leave now, I bet they have less of a line."

Other friend: "By the time we get there we could have gotten through this line. It's not even that long."

Bachelorette: "Well, it's quite long for me! I'm bursting at the seams right now, this line needs to hurry!"

The bachelorette was bouncing in place, keeping her thighs close together and continuing to complain about her full bladder. She occasionally would cross and uncross them but never dared to hold her crotch. The line creeped along and once she was one stall away she was dancing on the spot, a pee-pee dance I would only expect from a child or someone about to have a huge accident. The bachelorette knocked and pleaded the girl inside to hurry, that it was an absolute emergency.

Another stall opened and the bachelorette rushed in, nearly knocking over a girl coming out. The girl muttered an insult at her and left while the bachelorette hurried to unbutton her jeans and get her pants and panties down before having a full blown wetting. I heard her bottom hit the seat hard and she peed loudly into the bowl, obviously needing the relief badly. One of her friends wearing a pair of jeans and a white top was now crossing her legs as well and also seemed to just make it, even though I hadn't noticed her desperation before. She peed loudly as well and once their group was done they commented on how badly they needed to go and what a close call it was.

{{:

Maybe I have an over generalization of stalkers. But lets be honest here. You've done more then just simply notice people! You've followed them to the bathroom and even conversed with them to delay them!

That's okay. I like your stories!

}}

No worries! I'm sure many of us are guilty of this.

*018*2013-06-21 15:00

Again, another after hours story. These are actually in a lot of my entries after looking at my notebook. I was 22 at the time and it was Cinco de Mayo, which meant the bars were packed and the streets were busy with people and cops. There had been some fights and arrests, so police cars were lining the streets. Because it was such a busy night catching a cab was difficult and many people were afraid to drive with all the cops and check points about so more people were hailing cabs than usual. I hadn't drank that night but hated drinking downtown so my boyfriend gave me cab fair to get home safely and I waited in a group to hail a cab close to the bar.

Two women infront of me were loudly dicussing their need to find a toilet and while I didn't get a great look at either of their faces, one was wearing a red dress and a sombreo with curly brown hair and the other was wearing jeans and a yellow t-shirt with light brown hair in a bun. Here's what I remembered of their conversations and wrote down when I got home:

Red dress: "Why is this taking so long? I need to get home and take a whizz, ugh!"

Jeans: "Me too! I just went but waaaay too much green beer!"

Red dress: "Yeah, I bet my eyes are green with beer, I'm so full right now."

Jeans: "Yeah me too, I'm going to unbutton my jeans because this is cutting into my bladder."

Red dress: "No fair, I can't make my dress less tight!"

They continued to squirm and fidget, loudly complaining about how badly they needed to pee. A man walking by announced that he was sober and could give rides home to anyone that provided gas money. One man from the group said thanks and joined him and after a moment of deliberation of how badly they needed to pee versus how weird this guy might be, the women decided to go with him and pee-danced off in the distance to his car. I imagine they must have needed to go quite badly if they were willing to go home with a complete stranger just to go to the restroom.

Now this is one of my favorite stories because I've never witnessed a cab driver that needed to pee. While I imagine it happens often but I've never had one willing to discuss it. I waited a really long time to catch a cab since I didn't want to split with anyone I didn't know and my boyfriend wouldn't be done cleaning and closing up for awhile. When I finally caught a cab it happened to be one of the few female cab drivers in the area. The woman had a thick accent so I had a hard time understanding her but she was in her early forties and had her hair up in a high pony tail. Her English was decent but some of her wording was strange. We chit-chatted back and forth until she admitted to needing to pee and since I am both very chatty and aroused by desperation, especially in professionals, I kept the conversation up. Here's what I remembered well enough to write down:

Me: "Wow, you must have had a busy night tonight!"

Cab driver: "Oh yes! No chance for break and I am in great need of a toilet."

Me: "When did you last get a break?"

Cab driver: "No breaks tonight, no one can take the time off. Too many people needing to get home and too much money to be made."

Me: "When did you start your shift?"

Cab driver: "Around nine. It's been non-stop all night, I really need to finish up. You will be my last person."

Me: "It's still busy out, you won't come back?"

Cab driver: "No, no, I cannot. I would like to make more money but the toilet is more important. I must pee soon, waiting is difficult."

Me: "Have you needed to go for long?"

Cab driver: "Oh very much yes. For two hours now and it is getting very bad. I am worried."

Me: "I'm sorry, would you like to use my bathroom?"

Cab driver: "I would but company policy is I cannot."

There was some silence and we talked about other things. The drive to my place isn't far but the streets had a lot of traffic and we were hitting every red light. Some red lights would even turn green and before we could get through they would be red again. I didn't want to push my luck with this driver but she obviously really needed to go because she brought up her bursting bladder again without any prompting.

Cab driver: "This is very bad. The traffic is hurting my bladder, I need to get back to the compound very soon."

Me: "Are you going to be alright?"

Cab driver: "I very much hope so. I usually am alright, I have never had no time for a break. I usually break around midnight to use the toilet."

Me: "I'm sorry you didn't get a chance tonight. I bet a lot of drivers didn't get the chance to stop and relieve themselves either."

Cab driver: "Yes, it was very busy. Many are probably in need right now. Men hold it better than women though, I have to go much more than husband. He laughs at me when I need to stop so much so I try to wait."

Me: "He laughs at you? Awe, that doesn't seem very fair. Does he make you wait to use the bathroom often?"

Cab driver: "Yes, at the movies the most. He does not want to miss good parts. Also when we drive to visit families he does not stop on trips so I have to wait very much and it gets very hard and bad."

Me: "Oh, that's not fun at all. Are you okay right now?"

Cab driver: "I am, but not for very long. The toilet must happen soon."

This was my stop so I paid her and tipped extra than usual because I was so aroused but I wonder if she made it or not.

*021*2013-06-21 21:54

{{:

As always great content. I think you got Amy and Jennifer's name mixed up in the fourth paragraph of that post, though.

}}

Oops, I may have. I don't believe I can edit and I was squishing in a few stories before working and failed to proof read. Sorry!

{{:

Great posts! thanks very much indeed! Look forward to more!

}}

Thanks for reading, I'll update when I have time. Most of my notebooks are just details without much flow but it doesn't take too much time to write one up.

*023*2013-06-21 23:03

This is another friend post but we were at the bar until around midnight. I was with a group of three other women named Sarah, Monica and Rebecca. Sarah was about 5'10 or 5'11, had a beach body to kill for, and had long hair she dyed dark red and spiral curled. She was an intelligent girl but played the ditsy act a lot, which is why we didn't hang out that much. She was very pretty but did have a slight lazy eye on the left side. Anyway, this story is mostly about her so I won't bother to describe anyone else. That night Sarah was wearing a bright red pencil skirt she borrowed from me that hit her about mid thigh because she is taller than I am and a black ruffly top with flats and big earrings. I knew she wasn't wearing panties because when she first put the skirt on her panty lines were awful so I told her to just go commando and wash my skirt later.

We left the bar around midnight and stood outside for maybe twenty five minutes smoking cigarettes and deciding what else to do. I didn't drink that night, just popped an anti-anxiety pill, but the other girls were pretty loaded. I drove us to the bar so we finally decided to stop at a diner to get coffee and breakfast so they could sober up, then go home. We ate until about 1:10 am, chit chatting, and Sarah had one cup of coffee and half a glass of water. Rebecca and Monica used the bathroom at the diner, as did I, but Sarah stayed to watch the purses and never went.

We were in the car for two minutes when she said "Oh god, I have to pee! I forgot to go, ugh!" I was driving them home and Sarah lived the furthest so I took Rebecca home first and Monica next. I didn't get much of a chance to look at Sarah's desperation from the front seat but once both of the other girls were dropped off she sat in the passenger side. I don't know why she didn't go inside either of their places but we're both very talkative so she may have just been caught up and forgot about her need. I thought she may have been exaggerating her need to pee since she was very into hyperbole but once we were alone I noticed her desperation again. Sarah lived out of town but I don't drink much so I ended up the DD and didn't mind taking her home since she gave me a lot of gas money.

We had just left Monica's maybe five minutes before when Sarah commented on how badly she needed to pee and that she should have gone at the diner. She had her legs crossed the best she could in the skirt but it was very tight on her. Sarah wasn't exaggerating because when I glanced over under a street light she had a visible lump from her bladder. She became quiet so I talked to fill up blank space but eventually just put a little bit of music on for us to get lost in. I kept glancing over and didn't get much chance until my car got a flat. We were only about ten minutes from her place but I had to call my roadside assistance to help change my spare because the screws were on too tight.

Sarah stayed in the car with her legs crossed and was patting her leg impatiently. The roadside guy only took about fifteen minutes to arrive and changed the tire right away but Sarah's desperation was worsening by the moment. Once I got back in the car Sarah had her hand pressed into her crotch and was urging me to hurry up. She said she almost squatted behind the car when the assistance guy was there but she didn't want him to see. She was bouncing in the seat and holding her crotch so hard I was surprised she hadn't wet herself a tiny bit by then. We were two or three minutes away from her house now and in a subdivision but she shrieked she couldn't hold it and begged me to pull over. Sarah lept out of my car and didn't bother to hide behind anything.

She squatted in the front yard of a neighbor's house and when she walked onto their property a security light turned on. She struggled with the skirt to pull it up far enough to squat down and when she did she let go a torrent of pent up pee. I couldn't see or hear much but I'm sure she properly watered the lawn. When she got back in she admitted the skirt got a little wet when she was pulling it down so she would wash it for me before giving it back.

This one is actually a story my boyfriend relayed to me. I don't have the best details because he didn't know about my fetish so it was just him explaining the situation so this is all second hand:

There was a new bartender at work named Jill. The bartender uniform had changed multiple times but at the time was a black corset, a red bra, and black pants. Jill wasn't heavy but he knew her previously and she had put on maybe 15 lbs since he had last seen her. Because of this, Jill's clothes were all a little too tight and she had a bit of a muffin top in her corset. Jill's shift was 7 pm to 2 am and then she was off but had to clean, etc. Jill bartended in the same bar as my boyfriend that night and he was still training her.

At some point throughout the evening Jill needed to use the bathroom and asked the manager for permission. He left her go and my boyfriend said she was gone for a really long time and when she returned she looked frustrated. She asked to use the restroom again about a half hour later and the same thing happened so when she returned my boyfriend asked if she was sick and needed to go home. She responded no, but that her jeans were too tight and her zipper was stuck shut and she really, really had to pee. She kept trying to pull it down but wasn't strong enough and couldn't pull them off over her hips and butt. 

At this point she was visibly desperate and jiggling around but it was last call so they were slammed with business. Right when the bar closed Jill rushed off to the bathroom and asked my boyfriend to come with her to help her with the zipper. At this point she was frantic and begging him to help her. He pulled on her zipper but it was still a no go, so he ran off to get some type of clamp or tool to help her with the zipper. When he returned Jill had walked out and there was a sizeable puddle on the floor. She didn't come back.

