Professor In-Class Accident

Author: accident_haver

*000*2016-01-10 06:05

So, I'm currently a graduate student taking some courses over the winter break to knock out some credits as quickly as possible. One of my professors is a younger gal (maybe not quite thirty?) Fit, blonde, and I'm ninety-nine percent certain she leaked on herself the other day in class.

Starts off like most fiction - I know. Bear with me, though. It's pedestrian but titillating in all the ways that make real-life experiences swoon-inducing.

The class is only a two week ordeal, there are less than ten people in it. Being a winter course, the classes take place for a several hours in a day to cover mass amounts of material in a short span of time. Normally, the instructor and class decide on some informal schedule for breaks to use the restroom and get food. For whatever reason, we did not, which I think contributed to my instructor's predicament.

What happened is about halfway through a class session (2-3 hours in,) my instructor started fidgeting. She was dressed moderately formally: blouse, long cardigan, and black slacks loose around the ankles. Me, possessing the, uh, sexual proclivity we all have in common, noted the fidgeting pretty much immediately. Being the pessimist I am, however, I expected it to end rather anticlimactically: with her excusing herself to the restroom before things got out of hand.

Except she kept lecturing. And then visibly moved into squirming as time progressed. You can imagine my attempts at playing it cool, like I wasn't keeping track or anything.

Before long, she was exhibiting emergency-level body language. Crossing legs, bouncing up and down, sitting down as much as possible. I was completely confounded, because literally no one would have cared if she asked for a five or ten or fifteen minute break from the action. She alternated between sitting and standing somewhat rapidly, and as a peer was responding to a question and everyone had their attention towards the rear of the room, I watched my professor buckle out of the corner of my eye. Shortly thereafter, she excused herself from the room and told us to continue our discussion in her absence.

As she walked out of the room, passing into the glow of the fluorescent lights in the hallway, I spotted a damp spot on the seat of her dark slacks just before she turned in the direction of the restroom. Upon returning, she made a point to either sit down the remainder of the class, or have her back turned to us.

I am still incredulous.

What confuses me still is why she didn't just excuse herself before starting to leak. Which makes me wonder, does my professor have a desperation fetish? Was she pushing the limits in real life knowing the number of witnesses would be relatively low? Did she recount the experience with secret electricity later to her significant other? Or was it a genuine misstep, and she scolded herself for the rest of the evening for peeing in front of her students?

Really not entirely sure which of those is more likely. If there are any updates in this final week of class, I'll be sure to report back.

