My First Wet-Sex

Author: FetishGuru

*000*2014-03-23 20:14

As some of you may know from me - I have posted a number of stories to the site "Experience Project" – but with their recent change in policy - MANY stories are being deleted outright for being too racy or sexual. I have decided to transfer one of my earlier stories to Omo.org because it may not be long before it's deleted from EP. I may have to edit, or re-word some of the later parts of this story even for Omo; but I wanted to upload it somewhere to have it remain; should EP delete everything.

So, without any further delay:

My First Wet-sex......

Hey guys/gals Guru here,

Just wanted to give you guys a story of how my interest in the wet-sex part of my fetish interest(s) kind of took flight. I had been dating a girl in high school and she and I became very sexually active with one another. (You know the whole feeling of once you do it once you can't stop? Yeah that was us; like two little 17 year old rabbits). We lived about 25 miles apart from one another which made travel at that time with "junior's licenses" almost impossible, so several weekends month we would stay overnight at each others houses.

One particular and (magical) day; I had been staying over at her house over night; and naturally she and I were asleep in the same bed. Approx 5am I awoke to a rather full bladder sensation as most of us normally do in the morning - but being that it was that early; I shrugged it off and fell back asleep. Now her parents both worked rotating shifts at their respective jobs - and wouldn't you know it, but this morning they BOTH had to be to work for a 7am-3pm shift. I knew in the back of my mind - they would have to be gone by 6:30am at the latest; so I knew I could comfortably wait until then before having to go piss. At around 6:15, I awoke again to both my own urges as well as feeling my girlfriend rolling about beside me. She was still in slumber, but very uncomfortable constantly shifting and rolling her legs together.

I realized that she probably had to go pee about as bad as me - so I thought I would enjoy her body a bit as she slept. I slid my hand just under the edge of the waistband on her panties and I could clearly feel she had quite the bulge growing. She was DEFINITELY was full and surely uncomfortable with such a load of piss inside her small body. She must have been starting to wake up at this point and just as I heard her parents slam their car doors and leave for work; she pushed my hand away from her bladder; and slide her own hand down and began holding her crotch with her fingers.

At this point; I was at "full attention" not only from the "Morning Wood," but the severe urge to piss as well; so HARD was an understatement. I placed my hand directly on top of hers feeling her rhythmically kneeling her pussy attempting to prolong her holding and stay even partially asleep. Eventually her grasping became almost full-out rubbing; and I slid my hand inside of her.....so she would have to use my hand to rub herself with. She was clearly awake now, and had no objection with using my hand to masturbate herself with. For about 5-10 minutes she lay there waking up to a screaming bladder with me rubbing her pussy.

As I masturbated her, I began to slide my entire body up between her legs; and she quickly realized what my intentions were she spoke up. "No no no; I'll have to be on top; I have to piss so bad right now!" ......Who was I to say a word.....I rolled over on my back with my raging hardness just begging for attention. She took only a few seconds to toss her panties to the ground and slowly....the slowest she had EVER slide down over the top of me......lowered down over my entire length. As she was doing so she continued to suck in a deep breath; this girl was BURSTING!

I said, "are you okay to do this?" and as she slowly began to slide up and down on me she said "I will have to go slow, and I can't promise you I'll be able to hold it; okay?"...."should you go piss Hun?" I said. "No time" she said; "I need this inside me now, or I won't be able to even hold it through sex, besides I'm so horny right now - I couldn't stop if I wanted to!"

I had never felt this girl (who at that age) was already pretty tight; feel so amazing inside. It was like she was squeezing every muscle inside herself around me. She was quickly becoming more and more into her motion and less about the pressure ready to explode inside her. Faster and faster she bounced on me; it was like I could almost hear the bladder full of piss inside her sloshing up and down with every thrust. I could tell that she would be seconds away from an explosive orgasm and wondered if she was going to stop; for fear of losing control.

"I can't stop, I can't stop!" she moaned. I wasn't sure if she was talking about not being able to hold back the orgasm or has she already began losing control. Both of my questions were answered in the same, heavenly, unforgettable moment. She threw her head back and thrust down on top of me with such force I could have sworn I penetrated her lungs. She exploded into the biggest, loudest, most powerful orgasm I had ever see her produce. She knew it, and I knew it, there was NOTHING that that was going to stop what happened next and neither of us could have cared less.

Upon her next "lift" as she was riding me - her hot piss began to GUSH uncontrollably around me and all over my stomach. For the next unforgettable 5-10 minutes; she continued to slide up and down on my shaft gushing out piss with every thrust. In total, she had three orgasms and emptied herself all over both of us and the bed, coming to rest laying face-first against my chest......her breathing just heaving and gasping for air.

"Holy shit." was her only words. I continued to slowly thrust up inside her as she came down from her "explosion. Until she looked up at me and said "that, was amazing!"...."Yes Hun, without a doubt; but baby - I'm bursting - and I need to "finish" as well.......should I do it here?" ......she warned me her bed couldn't take any more piss in it - and that we should quickly move to the shower, where we could both finish properly.

(EDITED for Omo.Org: "We went to the shower and finished properly" )

After finishing, and showering off together. We got out, and talked about what had just happened. How we should "approach it".....and in the end we realized something had just blossomed right there that morning. We both had the best sex of our lives; and enjoy EVERY second of what happened; including the explosions of piss.

I'm telling you all of this incident not to hear of the "omg that was so hot" type of stupid comments you see all over the place, but to show you all that this type of intimate moment can occur to anyone, at any time. It's not something to be ashamed of, or feel weird about. If you're 17 like I was, or you're 57 or even somewhere in between. Sex is meant to feel good; and adding a bit of "spice" to your sex or masturbation can be EXACTLY what the Guru ordered. ;)

If you enjoyed the description of my event; and have a similar event and would like to share, feel free to. I welcome email, comments, as well as questions. In the famous words of Dr. Seuss: "Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."

Enjoy the day, and smile - for today is a blessing!

*hugs*



