A Childhood Experience

Author: Ayukawa

*000*2013-09-27 19:00

This is a story from many, many years ago. Why write about it? I think it holds the key to why I have this interest in the first place (among some bedwetting experiences and intentional bedwettings I made as a child). Sometimes fetishes are created from traumatic events and experiences in childhood. As this is from many years ago (2nd grade in particular), I can only recall things in vague fashion, so I will fill in the blanks with writing and assumptions. So it's a true story- but I might garnish it. This is actually the last time I had a real accident, and it's the only time I can remember I had an accident in front of people from school.

I was in the last class of the day. I drank a lot more than usual, and I hadn't went to the bathroom at a decent hour. As a kid, I always, always had a fear of missing the bus. It was the scariest thing to me. But I had to pee quite a lot. The bell rang... it was time to leave. I thought about it for a second- should I go to the bathroom, or should I just ride the bus? I chose to head straight to the bus. My bus was further out from the school doors than most- and honestly, they left very shortly after the bell rang. I didn't want to risk it. I got on the bus.

Luckily, I sat with someone today, a friend. I think his name was Garrett (first names don't exactly matter). We were talking about random stuff, it was a great distraction and very helpful. I lived far away from the school, and it was a two-bus trip. There was a transfer at the midway in the country. It's mostly country roads from the school to my house. Ahh, I'm getting ahead of myself.

I kept talking to this buddy of mine, and I can't remember, but I remember I was having a lot of fun. I usually didn't talk to anyone, I usually just sat secluded in the seat, alone, listening to music on my (then) cassette player. My ever increasing need to pee was mostly ignored on my part. I could totally feel it, but it was of no concern. But as we kept talking- probably three fourths the way to the halfway (bus transfer), I suddenly starting peeing myself uncontrollably. He was shocked at first... then he started laughing at me. Bastard. Slowly but surely, like a virus, everyone on the bus eventually caught on to the fact I was wetting myself.

It was so warm, it was such a lovely feeling. A few years prior, I sometimes wet my bed intentionally (I had a bedwetting problem as well), and I forgot the feeling, how amazing it was. Also... to be awake and lose control, it was a feeling almost orgasmic in nature. The relief, the warmth, the wetness... it was all to die for. But I couldn't really enjoy it with all the shame I felt. Shortly after this happened, finally when everyone knew what happened, and stopped laughing at me... it was time to transfer to the other bus. Yay, another bunch of people to make fun of me. I had my backpack hiding my crotch, but it was no use, I was discovered. Everyone started laughing at me again, just to cut the wound deeper.

My sister was on the other bus and saw me. She was trying to comfort me. I'm sure I was utterly adorable, trying to hide my shame, haha. Eventually, like the other bus, the novelty of someone wetting themselves wore off and everyone chilled the hell out and started being more kind and considerate rather than laughing their asses off at my own psychological demise.

