Night Desperation (Pics)

Author: Lips

*000*2012-08-09 07:42

I wasn't going to do this at first, but as soon as my grandma fell asleep, well..why not? xD

Alright, So i think I only used the bathroom twice today-er, yesterday. the last time i went was about 8:00 at night. I was spendng time with grams and was drinking those kool-aid packets you put in your water.

At 10:00 was when I went into my room (her other room). I did feel a tinge, but not enough to say i was desp or really need to go to the restroom.

At 11:45, i felt another tinge, where i did need to go to the restroom, but it was enough for me to ignore it and continue on playing my video game

12:30 was when i started to get desperate. not verty badly though. I didn't go to the bathroom not because i am in this mood now, but because i was most likely distracted..by my video game lol

1:30 I was desperate as hell! i mean, i was so desperate that anytime i moved, i felt my bladder ache a bit.

2:20 I'm still desperate, not letting go, and I am drinking one of those kool-aid packets, hmm, for some reason, they make me need to pee more.I guess i found my favorite drink for this kind of stuff. oh, anyways, I am grabbing my crotch with my hand, then I am crossing my legs...it's getting worse! >.< however..i haven't even leaked yet..which is odd.

2:23 got more kool-aid packets. drunk another bottle.

2:40 i am very desperate and still holding on, no leaks were made yet, however, i do feel my bladder bulging out O_o I am currently crossing my legs, doing crotch grabbage, and squirming to keep it all in.

2:46 A few leaks had made it into my panties, my panties are slightly damp at the moment.

2:54 my pee is dying to come out, but i won't let it...>_< I'm challenging myself to the fullest!

2:58 I am squirming now more than ever! I'm trying so hard to keep it in but I keep leaking into my panties >_<

3:07: I couldn't hold it any longer so I went to the bathroom, in the tub, tried to hold it there..and I ended up peeing myself, with the pee blooming onto my crotch as i sighed with relief. I peed for almost 2 minutues.

And I also took some pics...no..I haven't got my new phone yet sadly -__- so the pics are in shit quality. But I will get it soon...the pictures will be in better quality ^^ (and no..i iddn't have on pants...was too lazy to put on any >_>)

*011*2012-08-15 01:09

Thanks everyone for the comments! :D

