Driving in the countryside

Author: Paperhearts

*000*2013-03-30 14:56

Okay so I thought I would post another story of mine. This one actually happened after I got into omorashi a couple of months ago.

I often go and visit my friends who live in wales which is about a 2 and a half hour drive for me from where I live. I have mentioned before that my bladder capacity is awful! I always use the toilet every few hours and when I do my holds they usually only last an hour after I've had a drink, so a 2 and a half hour drive is pushing it a bit. The day before I set off I tried to avoid drinking anything so that I could hold it for the journey. There are a few stations along the way but they're all at the start of the journey, most of the last hour of the ride is through small country lanes and stuff surrounded by fields.

So anyway I set off and I was feeling fine, I peed before we left but I also had a cup of tea in the morning because I get migraines if I don't keep hydrated. You can all probably see where this is going. I got driving and I was fine for about an hour or so before my tea started to catch up with me, I didn't really notice it at first because I was concentrating on driving and making sure I was driving the right way but whenever the car went over a bump in the road I started to feel it. I was sitting down obviously which made it easier to hold so I carried on driving since I would only be in the car for about another hour.

Not long later I was really starting to feel it so I had to open the window and get some fresh air. By now I was just driving through small country lanes and it was pretty empty because I left quite early. It was getting difficult to keep my legs still which was quite dangerous while I was driving and when I drove over bumps I had to take one hand off the wheel to stick my hand between my legs, so I looked around for somewhere I could pull up and park. If anyone has been on little lanes like this you probably know that there are small indents on the grass at the side of the road for cars to pull in and stop or to let other drivers past e.t.c. Those were not very common but I found somewhere I could park after a long search so I pulled over and stopped the car.

I didn't really know what I was going to do so I looked around for a bottle or something that I might be able to pee in but I never found one. I always worried about needing the toilet so I didn't take drinks with me on the long journeys so there were never any empty bottles. I got out of the car and had a look around to see if there was anywhere to go to the toilet without being seen. Since I was quite into omorashi I waited for a little bit and walked around by my car so that if anyone passed they would think I was just stretching my legs.

I pressed on my bladder a few times because it really felt amazing, I didn't think I would leak or anything but I wanted to make the most out of my desperation so i kept waiting. I was really on edge and didn't want to pee in case someone drove past which meant I just kept walking around until it was completely quiet. It started to get really bad after a while and I was having little waves of desperation that forced me to lean against my car,hold myself and wiggle around to make the desperate feeling lessen. After a while I figured I should probably get back on the roads so I looked again for somewhere to pee.

My car was parked literally next to a row of hedges on the passenger side and the road was on the right of the car so there was no where for me to go. I panicked in case somebody saw me but I decided to open the passenger door and squat down right by my car so that I could lean my back on the car for support but hopefully the door would shield me if anyone drove past. I pulled down my jeans and knickers and a squatted down, trying to spread my legs so that I didn't get any on my shoes. I noticed that my knickers were already wet but it had not leaked through to my jeans. I hadn't even noticed but I must have leaked while I was pressing on my bladder and walking around.

I found it difficult to pee because I was cold and had been holding it in for so long, I was also worried that people would see me so it was really hard to relax. Pee started to dribble out of me and onto the floor under me so I kept breathing and trying to let go. I tried pressing down on my bladder to get more to come out while I tried to relax. I think I must have been sat there for about five minutes letting little bits of pee out in spurts. Once my body started to relax and some of the pee had come out I wasn't feeling so desperate I could finally relax and let go.

Eventually everything started to pour out, I was just dribbling for a while but then it picked up and began to spurt out of me quickly. I kept hold of the car behind me until it was finished and It felt like I had been peeing for ages even though I had only had a cup of tea that morning. It was pretty messy and I ended up getting it over my shoes and it splashed a lot over my legs because my jeans stopped me from opening my legs very wide. No cars came past luckily so I stood up and tried to wipe myself off with my sleeve before pulling my knickers and jeans back up.

There was quite a big puddle of pee on the floor from me which was quite surprising because I didn't think I was holding that much. I checked my jeans in the side mirror to check there were no wet patches on them and then I got back into my car and drove away.

That only happened a few months ago not long after I had passed my driving test. I never planned it but I wanted to make the most out of my situation and have a little fun with it. I didn't think I would be able to change so I couldn't wet through my clothes but it was still a pretty fun experience :)

*004*2013-03-30 16:29

{{ 

Simply the best feeling, apart from actually wetting your panties !

:) Thanks for sharing the story !

}}

Yeah this was more enjoyable than it was embarrassing because I got to have a little fun with it even though it was unexpected! :)

