A girl peed in her pants in college

Author: lachwet

*000*2014-03-23 22:49

Here's an incident i witnessed some years ago when i was in college. Back then i posted it on a different forum (but with slightly simpler text), so it might be that some of you have read the story before.

This happened during the 3rd year of college, during a lecture in the spring semester. The lecture were held in a small auditorium.

The seats in the auditorium were positioned in rows forming a half circle. There was some elevation between each row.

I was sitting in the middle of the 4th row. On the 3rd row, and a few seats to the right sat a girl called Linda, who this story revolves around.

Linda has blonde hair, and a very Scandinavian look. Her eyes are blue and she is around 175 cm tall.

I've always found her quite attractive. And after the incident i am about to describe here, i found her super-hot.

The lecture lasted for two hours, with a short break in-between. During the first part of the lecture i didn't really notice anything unusual.

But in retrospect i think i recall that Linda sat with her legs crossed all the time. But I'm not sure, as i hadn't been paying much attention to her at that point.

At least i hadn't noticed any signs of desperation so far.

The break between the two lectures lasted 10 minutes only. I, among many other students stayed at their seats during the break.

And i think i recall that Linda also stayed at her seat during the break. At least the events to come nearly proves that she did. At least she can't have gone to the toilet during the break.

Soon the second part of the lecture started. Which would prove to become much more interesting. It was some time into the second part i started to notice the signs:

Linda crossed and uncrossed her thighs several times within a few minutes.

She was changing her sitting position quite often. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs, and she was fiddleing a lot with her long blonde hair.

After some time it looked like she crossed her thighs a little bit harder, like squeezing them together. Most of the time she sat with her legs tightly crossed.

She was tapping her foot to the floor for periods. And sometimes she was swinging her foot in and out quickly for long periods.

Linda was looking at the clock every now and then. She seemed impatient.

In-between changing her sitting position regularly, she had also started squirming around quite much in the seat. All her moves seemed to have increased in intensity the last few minutes.

And as time passed she changed her sitting position more and more often .

Suddenly Linda uncrossed her legs. Immediately after she started bumping her thighs and feet quickly up and down. After doing this leg-bumping for some time she crossed her legs tightly again, and started squirming around in her seat instead.

She repeated this "feet and leg bumping" several times within a few minutes. From all her moves it was pretty clear that she needed to pee really bad.

I guess she must have been regretting badly now that she hadn't used the opportunity to go to the toilet during the break...

She held her hands in her lap most of the time. And often she put a hand in-between her tightly crossed legs.

Linda was looking at her clock very often. Like she wanted the time to move on quickly. She looked very restless.

Soon she partly stood up for a couple of seconds and sat down again. This seemed to calm down her desperation for some time. But unfortunately for her, the calming effect of it didn't last very long.

It took just a few minutes before her desperation was back at the same level as before.

After a few minutes she started squeezing her already tightly crossed legs hard together, in pulses.

She started tapping her foot to the floor again and swinging foot in and out quickly for periods.

It didn't take long before she started squirming around in the seat again. She held one hand between her thighs while she was fiddling with her hair with the other hand.

Her desperation was back at the same level as before she stood up. She was biting her lip. Her eyes peeked around randomly, and she had gotten a concerned and stressed look in her face.

In a sudden move she uncrossed her legs just to cross them the opposite way immediately. She repeated this several times within a short time.

Linda must have been cursing herself at this point, for her misjudgment. She should have gone to the toilet during the break, instead of waiting to the end of the double-lecture.

Which was turning out to be a big mistake by her, as her need to pee was getting harder and harder to manage as time passed.

That was obvious from all her moves, and the more and more worried expression in her face.

And still there was quite some time left of the lecture....The situation must have felt like a little nightmare for her.

Suddenly she partially stood up for a second. Then she sat down again. Just like she did some minutes earlier.

But this time it didn't seem to help her much to suppress her desperation.

This time it didn't take more than a minute before she started squirming around in the seat again.

Often she changed her position by uncrossing her legs, just to cross them the opposite way immediately after. A move she had done many times lately.

And now she repeated it more and more often. She held a hand in-between her thighs most of the time.

There was no doubt that she was very desperate at this point. She squeezed her thighs hard together in pulses very often, in-between squirming in the seat, and all the other desperation movements.

Linda was literally dancing a "sitting pee-pee dance". She looked at her clock again. I did too. It was almost 20 minutes left of the lecture.

The fact that it was so much time left seemed to concern her badly. Hey eyes peeked around randomly again. She got a very worried, and strained look in her face. She was biting her lip, and she started rubbing her thighs quickly.

It was written all over her face that she was afraid of not making it. She glanced towards the door. She was sitting in the middle of the seat row.

And with many students sitting in the seats on each side of her, it would cause a lot of disturbance and hassle if she decided to get up and leave the room before the lecture was over...

She leaned forward for a few seconds. She held both her hands in her lap. Then, shortly after she leaned back.

Just moments later she repeated this a few times in a row.

Once again she looked at her clock. Even though it was not more than a minute or two since last time she did. Her face got a very troubled look. She was biting her lip as her eyes wandered around.

She needed to pee so bad now. She was afraid of not making it. It was written all over her face.

There was still a long time left of the lecture. Very long, when you are so desperate that you are about to pee your pants.

Maybe realizing this was the factor that triggered what happened next?

Just moments later Linda was struck by a wave of extreme desperation:

She started moving quickly from side to side in the seat. Just like she was rubbing her butt against the chair. She moaned silently. After a 5-10 seconds up intense rubbing from side to side she started bumping her feet up and down really fast for a while. Then she leaned forward for some seconds. She was struggeing badly against her bladder now.

Linda looked panicked. Her desperation must have reached an unmanageable level. The room was a bit more than half full. She had a free seat on each side of her. But now the person on her right hand side had noticed her moves. He glanced at her for a moment.

It didn't take many seconds before another wave hit her. Her face panicked again, and her eyes started wandering around.

Then she started moving frantically from side to side in the seat again. But this time her moves was more intense, and it lasted longer. She sighed a couple of times as the vawe of desperation lasted.

Once again, the person on her right hand side noticed it.

Linda glanced towards the door. I guess she must have realized now, that she had only two options:

1.

Stay, and struggle against the desperation waves the rest of the lecture. And almost certainly peeing in her pants and in the seat.

2.

Get up, and cause a lot of hassle and disturbance as many students would have to move to let her get out. And make it to the bathroom in time. Possibly...

Before she got to do anything about the situation another desperation wave hit her:

Just seconds after the last one, she started rubbing frantically from side to side again. She moaned. Her moves was even more intense this time.

She was moving frantically from side to side for around 20 seconds or so. She moaned again. Her face was in panic. I could clearly see that she was struggling very hard.

It looked like she nearly started peeing herself that moment.

This one must have made her realize that she had to leave the room NOW. Or else she would start peeing herself in the seat any second.

Linda stood up. She started moving towards the end of her seat row. But people had to get up from their seats to allow her to pass. This caused a bit of disturbance in the lecture.

Also, it delayed Linda a bit on her way out. I could see that she was squirming impatiently on the spot, and she was rubbing her thighs against each other while she waited for people to give her space to pass.

When she got out from the seat row she went quickly towards the door and left the room.

It had been so obvious that she was about to pee herself in the end. Therefore i couldn't resist keeping an eye on the entrance door, waiting for her to come back. Just to see the outcome.

But Linda stayed outside the rest of the lecture. Her stuff was still lying at her desk. So she would certainly come back to the room to collect it at the end of the lecture.

As i sat there i was thinking of why she didn't come back. And i landed on two possible reasons:

1.

She didn't want to cause the same disturbance when she went back to her seat. Which i found to be the most probable reason at that point.

2.

She hadn't made it. And she didn't want to show it to the entire class. Which i didn't find that unlikely, judging from how desperate she was the moment before she left the room...

The lecture ended and students started leaving the room. When the majority of the people had left the room, Linda appeared in the doorway.

And that's when i saw it. What had been the outcome of her desperation, and her desperate run for the bathroom:

She hadn't made it. Definitely not. She had peed a good amount in her pants, before reaching the toilet.

Her left leg had a wide wet streak running from her crotch and ending a little below her knee.

Her right leg was much wetter:

Here she had a slightly wider wet streak running all the way down into her shoe. The pee stain covered about half of the front of her right side thigh and leg.

She was also a little bit wet above and around her crotch.

She was wearing light blue stone washed jeans. Which made the huge pee stain very dark, and therefore very easy to see. It was an eye catcher. Literally. There was no doubt what she had done.

Nearly everyone who looked at her jeans would notice the quite fresh pee stains.

It was obvious that she hadn't reached the bathroom in time. The closest bathroom was one floor down. 2 minutes to walk from our classroom, i would say. But still she hadn't made it.

That explains how desperate she must have been before she rushed out of the auditorium.

From that moment the slogan "Go before it's too late", from Kilroy travels, got a new meaning to me. ;-)

Linda looked very embarrassed. The moment she appeared in the doorway she looked a bit reluctant, or hesitant before she stepped inside. She got back to her seat and packed her stuff.

I could not take my eyes away from her during the next few minutes. At one point i got a glimpse of her back, as she was packing her stuff together in her bag.

I didn't see much of her bum at this point, but i could clearly see that her jeans was wet above her bum, all the way up to her waist.

I also noticed that she had an empty paper cup on her desk. Most likely coffee, or maybe tea from the nearby kiosk.

When Linda stood up and started walking out of the room i finally got a good view of her bum. The wet stain on her bum and on the back of her thighs were quite asymmetrical.

Most of the pee had found it's way to the right side.

On the right side of her bum the wetness extended all the way up to her belt. There was also several smaller patches on, and around her butt.

That makes me believe that she must have pulled down her jeans in panic, while still peeing. Ending up spraying some pee over her jeans, as she pulled them down.

I grabbed my bag and went out. I was a few meters behind Linda. She went down the corridor and then down the stairs to the ground floor. Our next lecture was in a classroom on the ground floor, but Linda went directly to the main exit and left the building.

I saw through the large windows in the hallway that she stumbled upon another girl just outside the entrance. They started chatting. I sat down on one of the benches in the hallway, and watched the time pass by during the rest of the break. I couldn't avoid sneak-peeking at Linda through the windows, who still stood outside the building chatting with her friend.

There weren't that many other students outside at this point. Just a few that were coming and going. But i guess at least some of them must have noticed Linda's wet jeans.

The pee stain was so damn visible. The two girls were chatting for some minutes.

Linda stood with her legs a little apart. Every now and then she looked down on her pee-stained jeans.

She was so damn beautiful now. It least in my eyes. I tried to limit my sneak-peeking. But that wasn't easy...

After a few minutes the two girls split. Linda left the college area. And i didn't see her in any of the other lectures that day.

This incident gave me high hopes about seeing Linda having more pee accidents. But i never again saw her with wet pants. So i guess it was just a single mishap, rather than a habit she had...

In the attachment i've described approximately how i remember the pee stains on her jeans looked.

*008*2014-03-29 17:21

Thank you for the positive feedback, this is also one of my favorite sightings.

I am happy that you apprechiate that i share my sightings with you.

And i still have quite some sightings left that i haven't posted here yet. I will post them here later, when time and energy allows me ;-)

I am quite busy nowadays, so it might take a week or two...

I also have some ideas for fictional stories about the same theme, female pee accidents and desperation. I think i will make an attempt to write a story or two later.

About why i didn't try to approach her, when i saw the aftermath of her accident?

Well, i don't know, she was quite quick to grab her stuff and get away from the scene. And outside the building one of her female friends seemed to take that role already...

I guess i was a little afraid she would find it creepy, or just get even more embarrassed if i had stopped her under those circumstances, and then asked about her wet pants.

Anyways, there hadn't been much time or opening for it, as she seemed to be quite keen to get away, after her accident.

Maybe, if she had been less humiliated, it might have been easier to get contact with her in this situation...

{{ 

It also strikes a chord with me, because it reminds me a lot of a very similar situation that I was once in - right down to the internal anxiety and battles over whether to try to hold on or to slip out (making a scene but hopefully avoiding an accident).

}}

Would you like to write a description of it and share it here? :-)

