Desperation and wetting in my car

Author: biene420

*000*2013-06-21 09:21

This is an account of one of the few times I have truly wet myself:

I had spent most of the night with my boyfriend and we had a bit to drink, not much, just a couple beers. I could feel my bladder fill up pretty quickly because beer just goes right through me, but I didn't want to go at his house. Plus I knew I was leaving soon and the drive was not long. So we said our goodbyes and I sat in my car.

Before I even turned it on a sudden wave of desperation hit me and I had to shove my hand in my crotch. I was wearing pink undies, blue capris and a white t-shirt. I wiggled around in my seat trying to wait out the wave so I could get home. My bladder finally settled a bit and I could take my hand away and get going. I even got home without any incidences and I pulled up a lot closer to my house than I usually do so I wouldn't have to walk very far. But when I turned the car off, the thought of being so close made my bladder spasm again and I clamped my legs shut. There wasn't enough room to cross them so I just sat there bouncing up and down in my seat so much that he car was shaking. It was a good thing it was so late and dark out, because someone would have surely noticed.

I was stuck in the car. I fought off wave after wave of desperation by awkwardly shifting around in my seat and keeping my hand in my crotch tightly through my jeans. I couldn't even move my hand for a second to open the door, let alone walk all the way to the door, unlock it, and then rush down the hall to the bathroom. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer, my bladder was aching for relief. I rocked back and forth trying not to honk the horn on the steering wheel.

Ok, this was it, I was just going to make a run for path on the side of the house. It was narrow and dark and I could squat down and pee there. I opened my car door but as soon as I separated my legs a hot stream of pee shot out and soaked my panties. I quickly put my legs together again and pressed my hand into my jeans to stop the flow, but it came out anyway. I leaked, and then I leaked again, and by now I knew you would be able to see the damage. My hand was wet and so was my butt. Shit, I really didn't want to ruin my car!

I knew I had no choice left, so I just got up and closed the my car door and started walking towards the path. All the while my muscles were tensed up but every step I took had another spurt of pee come out. There was no way to stop it. By the time I made it to the path my jeans were soaked all the way down my inner thighs. And my butt was very wet too. I pulled down my pants, and decided to be a bit naughty since the whole situation was turning me on. I didn't pull my pink panties down and just peed through them onto the ground. I rubbed my clit a bit and then pulled my pants back up. I let out the last few drops into my jeans, since it was too late anyway.

I went back to the car and grabbed my stuff and headed inside. It was time to take care of something else ;)

*003*2013-06-25 09:48

I'm glad you guys liked it! :)

