I may have created a monster...! - Page 4

Author: danewet

*079*2014-01-15 03:46

Just to share tonights view before we went to bed

*081*2014-01-31 13:48

Some nights get a bit crazy ...and the other night looked something like this.

She was in the mood for sure, and we are glad that we got that protective sheet for the bed

But it was hot!!

*083*2014-01-31 21:53

{{:

You must have read it about a hundred times on here by now, but for the 101th time then: you are one of the luckiest guys around!

}}

So you mean you'd like a smelly girlfriend too?

*089*2014-02-06 11:50

{{:

She made a real mess! Interesting undies, are those ribbons? curious.

}}

Pajama shorts with ribbon...yeah. She was wearing those to bed, but then at some point started wetting...and the pajama shorts don't hold a lot of wetness, so she grabbed the shorts and put them on over the others.

Made for a better spectacle ...and was more fun to touch, and more fun to wear for her apparently

*095*2014-04-07 12:58

{{:

How is your cute little monster doing? :)

}}

Oh I think she's fine...thanks for asking

Oops...

*099*2014-04-30 14:27

{{:

Lloyd, I couldn't agree more. I wish it was easier to spot this type of woman. Or if they were more prevalent.

}}

Like I say in the beginning...we were friends for several years, and I had absolutely no clue...and I don't think she had either.

Now it's the most natural thing for her...even to the extent where like the other morning, where we both had to go to work and had breakfast together...and she was parading with a big wet spot on her shorts.

I asked why she did that...since we had no time to engage in anything anyway...but she just said: "because I can"...and grinned

Gotta say that I love her dirty mind

Sometimes she's also pretty careless about changing from pissy pants into something clean...like her workout clothes, and not wash or anything...and just head of to the gym with a chance of being smelly. Somehow that's just wrong...but I can't help but finding it totally sexy

My advice would be to find someone that you really get along with well...not just a pretty princess, but someone who you really enjoy to be in the company of...and can understand you as you are.

Chances are that you will get along sexually too.

It might be less romantic than meeting someone that sweeps you off your feet...but it will have a more solid foundation.

But maybe it's all about getting lucky...who knows

I felt lucky to witness this the other day

&&

&&

&&

&&

