Accident at the gas station

Author: francescone_85

*000*2011-04-28 23:48

Hi everyone!

I just got back home and had an accident while coming back... i wanted to share it for you.

Iwas at a dinner with friends and at the end I offered to drive back a friend home as she lives in a nearby town.

When we arrived at her home I was starting to feel quite desperate, but I didn't ask her to use her bathroom as I'm a bit shy about this.

So I got back to the car and start to dive back home squirming in my seat. There was nowhere to stop and pee not in full view so I had to keep holding. I got on the highway and i saw a sign for a gas station nearby,

I was now holding myself and really about to burst.

I arrived at the gas station and headed right to the toilet biulding. It was a quite big station so there was light everywhere and I could not find a place to pee right away.

I arrived at the toilets holding myself. I tried the door and... it was locked!!

There was a sign saying: Night toilets open in the next building.

I headed there walking in a silly way to not wet myself.

The night toilets were just ONE toilet!!

The toilet was occupied and waiting in line there were a man about 40 years old and a woman about 60.

I was waiting there holding myself tightly even if these people could see me. The man also seemed wuite desperate.

The one in the toilet was taking forever and I was really about to burst. At some point I felt a small spurt escape.

I panicked and i started to beg the 2 in front of me to let me go first as i was about to burst.

The woman saw me holding myself and said "sure" while the man said he was having to go badly too and that he was going first.

So I was second in line and at that point a woman with her daugther came out of the toilet. The man went inside but almost as soon as he got inside I felt a bigger spurt escape. I tried to stop but couldn't hold it anymore.

I completely peed myself there in line for the toilet.

The woman behind me clearly saw everything and she stated to confort me saying also that she appreciated that i was not peeing everywhere in the street like young people do today (maybe she was into desperation.

Anyway at the moment it was REALLY embarassing but now thinking back to it, it is quite exciting!

*005*2011-04-29 15:46

Yeah I was lucky there was not a lot of people and specially that I was alone and not with friends!

It was really embarassing anyway!!! 

