Desperate on business

Author: Soulbringer

*000*2015-02-08 11:17

So I haven't been on here for a while. Been really busy at work.

Anyway this is a story about a recent business trip I had.

I was travelling from Wales to Bristol airport. Before I had left a drank a large cup of coffee and a bottle of water. I jumped into the hire car and began my 3 hour drive.

The first hour was pretty uneventful, but as I came close to Cardiff, my bladder began to twinge. I looked for a service stop and the closest was around 16 miles away. I thought that's not a problem and drove on.

Coming up on the service exit I was getting a little desperate but not to bad. I didn't want to stop as I prefer to do journeys in one go. So I drove on, sure there will be more on the way I thought.

The satnav said I was around an hour from the airport. I've held for longer I thought and on I plowed.

Half an hour later I realised that I should have stopped. Waves of desperation were hitting me, I can't leak in the rental car I thought and began looking for an exit. None appeared. 30 minutes I thought I can do this. The satnav told me to take the next exit, strange I thought as the sign for the airport was telling me to go straight. But it has never let me down before and off I turned.

It proceeded to take me along the smallest, bumpiest roads I have ever seen, every bump brought me to the edge of wetting. My hand continually on my crotch in a vain attempt to hold back the flow should it escape.

Thankfully my satnav had not failed me, it had avoided all of the Bristol traffic and allowed me to reach the airport quicker than I thought it would.

I pulled the hire car up to the depot and slowly got out of the car. A rep approached and asked if all was okay. I replied that the car was great and thanked him. I handed the keys over and took my phone out until he had gone away, afraid to move for fear of wetting myself. As he left I slowly made my way to the airport, trying to look casual, hand in my pocket grabbing myself. I felt a spurt as I went up the steps.

Oh god I thought. Not yet not yet.

My hand was damp. I quickly looked down to see if anything was visible. Luckily my boxers had absorbed any mess that could have been seen.

Onward I struggled. I reached the doors and desperately looked for the toilets. I saw them and made my way there. Another spurt. This was not going well. My hand was quite wet at this stage, my boxers still containing the wetness but not for long. I quickly opened a cubical door and unzipped my jeans, pee began to leak out. I threw myself on to the toilet completely forgetting to remove my boxers. Pee gushed out and filled my boxers before they released the pee into the toilet.

I sat there, in an airport toilet, completely soaking my boxers. My penis started to rise. My hand was already covered in pee so I slowly rubbed my hard cock through my warm, soaked boxers. Pee was still trickling out, running down my shaft and dripping from my balls. The orgasm did not take long to come. Cum mixed with pee in my boxers. I sat there breathing heavily.

Awareness came to me of what I had done and where I had done it.

I began the process of cleaning myself, I took some wipes from my bag and began to clean myself down. I wrapped my boxers in tissue and pulled my jeans up. I listened outside until I thought it was clear, and quickly exited the cubical and dumped the boxers into the bin. Washed my hands and left the toilet.

Never did this in a public place before. It was quite a lot of fun.

I'm away on business to London this week and I hope to have fun like this again. I will let you all know how it goes.

Maybe there will be photos next time.

I hope you all enjoyed my sharing of this experience.

