Multiple wettings in boxer shorts

Author: Barry

*000*2015-09-28 00:59

I went out Friday night, drinking with friends, and didn't get home till midnight or so. I wanted to be up by 7 or so, as I had to leave by 8. I didn't get a great nights sleep though. As a result of drinking too much, and eating spicy food, I was thirsty all night, and was constantly waking up to drink water. This also made me need to get up at least twice to pee. The last time I peed was about 5am, and I was still holding a lot, even though I had already emptied my bladder only an hour or so earlier. After I peed, I went back to bed to try and get that final couple of hours sleep, but it still eluded me.

Suddenly, at 6:00am exactly, I remembered that the clothes I needed for the day were still on the line outside and would be damp, so I would have to get up and put them through the dryer. So wearing only a white T shirt and my boxers, I padded outside to the clothes line. My boxer shorts were black satin, with pictures of bright random images. Monkeys, basketballs, cars and playing cards.

Upon getting up, I realised that I had the house to myself. My wife was on early shift, and the kids were either at work or on sleep overs. It's a rare thing to have the house to myself, and I usually do some wetting, or have some little playtime when the chance arises. But not at freaking 6am, and certainly not when I'm hungover, tired and thirsty.

Besides, I'm not a big fan of wetting satin boxer shorts. They don't absorb anything, the pee just runs straight out, and they get cold real quick. I've got some grey cotton ones that I prefer to wear for an accident. They show a wet spot up beautifully. With the satin ones, even if they're soaked it's impossible to see the wet patch, which is something I love looking at.

So I'm standing on the lawn, taking the clothes off the line, when the urge for "The Morning Fart" hit me.

Now I'm not really into messing, although I do like it occasionally. But I prefer accidental messing, not just pushing a load into my pants, and particularly not in loose boxer shorts. But I do like it if there is a small, unintended mishap, like an unexpectedly wet fart, or just a bit of follow through that I wasn't expecting.

So I decided to gamble on it and force it out. If I did "shart", it wouldn't be a big deal. I was alone, and could just shower straight away and rinse away the evidence. So I bent over, and gave a slight but steady push. In the quiet morning air, it sounded really loud, and honestly went for nearly 5 seconds. All the time I'm passing gas, I kept up the pushing action, wondering if it was going to stay dry or not.

It was dry, and I had no follow through at all, at least from the back end. But as I was bent over, legs spread and pushing, I suddenly started to force some pee out. As I had gone to the toilet only an hour previously, there wasn't a lot, but a trickle started, and ran straight into the satin cloth over my right leg, and for the 5 seconds I was pushing, I had a small pee stream running down my leg and over my bare foot. There wasn't enough inside me to really lose control of, and as soon as I stopped pushing, I stopped dribbling.

I went back into the laundry, where I grabbed a dirty towel and dried my leg and foot, and gave my boxers a light pat down, to prevent any drips. I put my clean clothes in the drier, then went back to my room. Usually I would pleasure myself after a wetting, but I just felt like trying to get some more sleep. I peeled my shorts off and checked them. There was a wet patch maybe 2 inches wide, and 4 inches long, just on the right leg. But as I said, it was invisible to see, you had to feel it.

I climbed back into bed wearing only my T shirt. I lightly touched myself, but closed my eyes as I did so. As I lay there, I started to drift off in a light doze, thinking of myself in "little mode", a boy of about 10 who has had a little accident and wet his pants a bit.

It was weird. I was too tired to be bothered really playing, but I couldn't fully get back to sleep. So I just lay there for about 45 minutes, in a state of semi arousal, daydreaming, but not sleeping. At 6:50 I got up. I washed my hands, then decided to put my wet boxers back on. They were still damp, and a bit cold. I went to the kitchen to make a coffee and breakfast. As I poured my coffee, I realised that I now had an urge to pee again. Little me decided to go outside and do it.

I stood on the lawn once more, legs akimbo. I didn't have to push this time. Soon after relaxing my bladder muscles, hot pee started flowing into my pants, then run down my legs. I didn't want to empty my bladder then and there, but wanted to save some for later. So I only peed for maybe 5 seconds or so again, but much more heavier than before. When I clenched my muscles shut, the front of my pants was pretty wet all over, and I had wet streaks on both legs. My little side watched in horror as he wet himself. He knew he should have gone to the toilet earlier, and not put it off for so long. Al least it wasn't visible. Maybe nobody would notice.

Once again I dried myself with the towel. Then I went and made breakfast. It felt strange to be walking around my kitchen wearing soaked pants. I cooked some bacon and eggs, then went and sat outside to eat. I slipped back into little mode again as I ate the messy sandwich with my hands. I could feel a real urgency building up now. By releasing only a slight amount from my bladder, the remaining contents were now demanding release as well.

Fully into little me mode now, I stood up, bat had to cross my legs and squeeze myself with my hands. I felt the wet satin, but knew it was going to get a lot wetter if I didn't get to a toilet soon. I decided to relax my hold for just a moment to see how urgent it was. Within 2 seconds, hot pee was dripping from my hands, and a trickle formed a small puddle near my foot.

Leaving my plate and cup outside, I ran for the door, squeezing myself through the wet satin all the way to the bathroom. When I got inside, I realised that I would pee all over the floor as soon as I loosened my grip, so I jumped into the shower, finally taking away my hands as I lost all control, and completely emptied my bladder, soaking my shorts, feet and legs at the same time.

After I had finished, I just removed them and had a shower. In the shower I expected to give myself some relief, but for some reason I just couldn't be bothered. I was running late by now, so I just washed and got out. I dried my shorts as best as I could with a towel, then put them on top of my laundry basket, in a spot where there was fresh air and sunlight coming in from the window.

I dressed, and left for my meeting. I was still feeling hungover, dehydrated, and very tired. We finished around midday, then had a BBQ lunch and a few beers. By this stage I was over my hangover, but the large feed and more alcohol combined to make me very very tired.

When I got home, my wife was asleep on the couch, tired from her 4am start. I decided a nap was in order, so I headed to my room. I undressed, then saw my thrice wet boxers in my laundry basket.

"Why not?" I thought.

So I examined them. Funnily enough they didn't smell, not even slightly. They were still very damp, but not saturated like they had been.

I got into bed, and kept exploring the wet spot with my fingers, but fell asleep as I did so.

I slept for about an hour and a half, and when I woke up, I realised that I had been having a diaper dream. In it I was openly wearing and using a nappy in public, and nobody noticed me doing so. I was also experiencing quite a decent hard on, that I was holding onto through the still damp fabric of my shorts.

It didn't take long until my satin boxers got wet again. But this time it was a different kind of wetness that soaked them.....

