So close!

Author: lukerossi

*000*2014-03-07 00:20

So last night, I had a party similar to that of the movie The Hangover. Of the many crazy breast exposing girls there, I got chatting with two friends, and the conversation turned to porn. One in particular confessed an addiction to Redtube and that she had to "attend" to herself quite often. Of course at this point I was hard, and we were all incredibly drunk, so I did my best to tilt the conversation to peeing.

I gave her the names of a few sites to check out that I know have plenty of pee videos, like Xtube. I also explained that I was an extremely sexual person but "normal" porn just doesn't do it for me. "I like the crazy stuff," I said. I through a bunch of things at her but included pee and omorashi.

Of all the things I mentioned she picked up on that and asked what it was. I explained it to her and said I'd seen it one or twice and thought it was kinda hot. "I'll have to check that one out," was her response, but I didn't push the pee convo too hard.

Later, her friend and I had become glued at the hip, she had become sloppy drunk and was dangling off me, which I didn't mind. We were talking about tattoos (I have six) and she explains that she has four. I can only see three so of course I ask where the fourth is. I ask if it's on the inside of her thigh.

She immediately pulls me in front of her to block anyone from seeing and, with a wry smile and head tilt, pulls her very short, tight yellow skirt up to reveal her thighs, but also a very sexy pair of black satin underwear. "Do you see any there?" She asked me. "No but I think I'd better take a closer look!"

Ok so half an hour or so later, we left our hotel room for a party at a bar where things continued to get drunk and sloppy for an hour, before we decided the party back in the privacy of our room was a much better plan for everyone. I was walking arm in arm with (lets call her Belle) and we had to pass a toilet on the way out before a short 10 minute walk to the room. Right as we passed it, she said she'd quickly go to the bathroom first. "Nope you're fine," I said with a flash and we continued!

Of course five minutes into the 10 minute walk, she was walking and squirming with two hands between her legs. I suggested the beach, and off we went. We stopped when we were clear of any passers by and I casually mentioned things like, "girls have it easy in skirts, you can just let go and no one can tell." Then I said, "Just let go, it'll be our secret."

"Should I?" she responded. "You think?"

"I don't know," she said sarcastically, but I prompted her to again. In the same sarcastic tone she said, "well ok then."

With that she kissed me, grabbed my hand and slid it up her yellow skirt and onto her underwear. "You'll have to help me," she said as she used my hand to pull her underwear to one side and hiked her skirt up a little. "Just wet them, who cares," I said in one last ditch attempt to get her to wet herself.

She just laughed and widened her stance.

She began to pee and Belle still had her hand on mine, pulling her underwear aside. It was pulled right back but it far far enough so it wasn't quite getting wet. I pretended to lose my balance a little and managed to pull them back enough so that the black satin was in her stream. Immediately I felt her panties warm and as she tried to cut the stream off, it shot one big burst right through them and into my hand. "You're fired," she said. "Look now I've peed on you." Little did she know I just wanted to crawl under that stream and pull her down on top of me.

She took over the pantie pulling duties and finished. "Sorry, are they wet?" I asked. She checked with her hand, grabbed mine and did the same and said, "what do you think?"

I spent plenty of time rubbing her through those wet underwear over the course of the night, and although she hadn't wet herself and probably hadn't even realised I'd tried to make it happen, she seemed to still enjoy the wetness.

Pity the party had to end when it was only really just getting started!

*003*2014-03-09 01:41

Thought i'd post this (average) photo I snuck. I tried to capture some evidence but obviously, you can't see anything.

