Putting a Dampness on the Fire

Author: Blackheart

*000*2014-12-04 15:47

Hello, everyone! It's been awhile! I figured I might update ya'll on my latest adventures. This is definitely NSFW btw. Enjoy! :)

Putting a Dampness on the Fire

So there’s this thing in the desert that happens every year. A city pops up for a week, then disappears into the dust, and it leaves behind only memories and sparks on the wind. Some call it Black Rock City. I call it Home.

The world knows it as Burning Man.

I’m sure that phrase has probably crossed your ears at some point in your life. And who knows? Maybe you’ve even been (It would be awesome to know of a fellow Burner here). If you don’t, know that the place is a celebration of life and death, with people from literally every walk of life, and almost every form of expression you can imagine, from art to music, poetry to sex, engineering and human compassion. Dance and fire. They all have a place at the Burn.

My story began last year, on a particular night, with a particular girl. Her name is Violet, or at least she was to me. Violet was American, but second generation Swedish, and even had the barest trace of an accent from growing up around native speakers. She was tall, almost as tall as I was, very much that stereotypical Nordic beauty thing going on, with striking blue eyes. Her light blonde hair had tinges of purple dyed into it and perhaps most endearing about her face were the slight freckles she had from dancing in the sun like the rest of us dusty warriors. Violet was one of my campmates, along with a whole cast of wonderful people who have no purpose in this story, but are lovely nonetheless. I met her for the first time at camp, and we hit it off immediately, laughing, sharing stories and so forth. That, and sharing terrible jokes. Or rather, she patiently withstood the onslaught of my terrible jokes. It really depended on your perspective.

This particular night, my partner at the time (I’m polyamorous) was off seeing one of her favorite artists with her friends), while I was planning on maybe actually taking it easy for once during the week. A silly idea, really. But Violet was having none of that. When she found me, she was already dressed for a night on the town. And by night on the town, I mean in the finest desert regalia: She had a tight top piece that could only really be described as a dieselpunk bodice, covering and yet suggestive at the same time. 

Her dust mask was a custom piece, kind of like a gas mask though not quite as airtight, and more suited for the desert, white, with blue light-up wire around the edges of it. Short black booty-shorts with black-and-white circus-y tights and, of course, knee-high leather boots. The entire ensemble was completed with the comfiest white fluffy coat you can imagine. Like, oh-my-god, when you’re loaded, it’s so comfy. And warm as well. The desert gets to be a frigid mistress at night. She looked amazing, and the curves of her body hugged her clothing just…perfectly.

She convinced me to see the sights of the playa (Spanish for “beach”, the affectionate name of the desert we dwell in) with her, which didn’t take too much convincing because, well…What else are you going to do in a wonderland of lights and music, with a beautiful companion beside you? So I donned my gear and vest and off we went. Violet and I hadn’t yet fooled around, and she had no idea about my particular kinks, of course, but as this is a particular kind of story on a particular kind of site, you can imagine that shenanigans are on their way.

This lite-brite night started out high energy and picked up from there. Jumping on some community bikes, we rode to the esplanade, the center of the action, where bass wandered through the air as thick as the feet on the ground, the sounds of music and laughter, a neon-red pirate ship, a magnificent celebration of being alive. The usual.

Black Rock City is laid out in a circle, with its avenues and streets being the hands of a clock. It’s done so for efficiency’s sake: All roads lead to the center camp, so to speak, which makes it easy to navigate yourself around the city, and easy to get access to any of the infrastructure. Fun factoid: NASA is studying Black Rock for the design of its Mars colonies.

Our camp was at 4:30, and before we rode to the Center, we made sure to hydrate well, drinking a full bottle of water and refilling, then heading out. The Burn is about radical self-reliance and self-care, and being a desert, water is something you have to take care of for yourself. But then again, most places you go in the evening provide a variety of libations, which can make for a fun night. Our refill had actually consisted of vodka and lemonade because, well, it was a night to party.

And party we did. Within two hours we hit most of the 9:00 side of the city, making our way down the center and heading out every once in awhile along the hands of the clock. At this point in our story, we had abandoned the community bikes and were riding a bike-bar-bus-artcar thing through the playa, enjoying another drink. The pilot/driver was the cookie monster. He offered pot cookies. I politely declined. My attention was rather on Violet at the time, partially just because it couldn’t be helped, and partially because she was fidgeting a bit and bouncing her legs while I pedaled with a few other folks. It turns out my partner in crime had a somewhat small bladder; we had already hit the porta potties twice (By the second time they’d become rather soul-destroying) and it looked like we were going to have to stop again soon.

“Hey Vi, you doing okay?” I knew damn well how she was doing, but that was my little secret. A sly grin almost played across my face. Alcohol had made us both a bit less inhibited.

“Yeah, I just have to pee…Again!” She bounced up and done for a second to emphasize the fact.

I laughed lightly. “Again with the cubicles of death? Such are the wages of debauchery, I suppose.”

“You’re telling me,” she giggled, then looked at me conspiratorially. “I’d almost rather pee my pants!” The sentence sent me for a spin, and my breathing rushed, though I did my best not to betray it. A joke, of course. Right? It had to be. But you can’t just say that to a born and bred fetishist.

Sadly, we disembarked our bike bar soon after and hit the porta potties again, which had become downright scary at this spot, before making our way out toward the 2:30 arm to see the variety of music camps. Another hour or so passed, as we rode a giant rubber ducky playing disco tunes to a multi-level bar that was nothing so much as a giant green mushroom, smoking hookah on the top floor with a man dressed as a caterpillar. Eventually we left and wandered a bit into the deep playa, the less populated but more adventurous deeper area of the desert, searching out hidden gems of art installations. Soon only the bass haunted our backs as we walked in the darkness, coming upon acid traps and fascinating art structures.

It was here that we found a small town made explicitly for cat citizens, and clambered into the town hall/cat fortress and cuddled for a bit, watching the night’s festivities through the porthole on the second level. Of course, cuddling led to making out, which threatened to uncork the built-up sexual tension between the two of us. Alas, before we got too far, Violet’s bladder got the best of her again, and we started to climb out to turn back. And yet suddenly, the universe seemed to smile upon me. The winds picked up and, with it, the dust.

Dust storms are an ever present threat to mobility and visibility in the desert. The playa isn’t like most deserts in the world – it’s actually a dry lake bed in which an alkaline dust builds during the year when the water isn’t present. When the wind picks the dust up, it causes a literal whiteout, which can obscure vision beyond a few feet or, when it’s really bad, just past your hand. This one was bad enough that we couldn’t even make out the lights of the city not a quarter mile away from us. Travel would be out of the question until the winds settled. Poor Violet. So instead we climbed back into our cat fortress and hunkered down, listening to the heavy beats of music in the far distance like an aural mirage. Fortunately, the architects of this fair feline fortress had seen fit to fill it with fine furniture and comforts. Namely, carpeting and foam chairs. At least we’d be comfortable for our indeterminate stay.

I went to caress her a bit more, though her response was less enthusiastic. I asked if she was okay, and she gave me a chagrined smile. “Sorry, I’m just a bit distracted.” Where she sat next to me, her hands pressed between her legs. Her ass from this angle popped out delightfully, illuminated by the lantern mode on my headlamp. “I’ve gotta pee so bad!”

“Do you think you can hold it?” I shifted myself, to make my pants a little more comfortable.

“I…” She blushed. “I don’t know. I was worried about the walk back as is, and this is just the worst timing.” She gestured to the blank darkness outside for effect.

I sidled up next to her, feigning looking out the porthole. “What this town needs, I believe, is a litter box.” She groaned, though I’m not sure if it was her bladder or my humor. I ran a hand down her side slowly, feeling her body tense and quivering slightly. My own body responded with a rush of blood. “I could distract you for a bit, if you’d like…”

“You shouldn’t,” she whimpered. “I’ll get you all wet.” Again, my mind raced. Whether alcohol or lust, my inhibitions deserted me. Or maybe she’d been baiting me all along.

Either way, my response was: “I promise you that would be the furthest worry from my mind.” She gave me a queried look for a moment, but didn’t say anything else, or pull away. In fact, she leaned into me, pressing her body against me. My lips met hers, and my hands traced themselves down her stomach, her breasts, into the hollow points right above her pelvis. Her breath caught sharply, but she didn’t disengage.

Soon I reached a hand down into her shorts, slowly sliding into her tights. Her pubic mound bulged with her pent up pee, making me realize just how much she was holding. When I reached her pussy, touching her the hood of her clit, she gasped, and ground herself into me. I found as I slipped a finger inside her that she was already soaking wet. I’m not sure exactly what kind of wetness, but either was fine with me.

I’ve been told I have some talent with my hands. That being said, it took almost no time at all to get her off, and she cried out, her gasping voice an aphrodisiac. Yet as she came, a hot jet of liquid soaked my hands and her shorts, and she suddenly threw a hand to her crotch, pressing my hand against her.

“I really can’t hold it. I’m going to pee any second.” She seemed worried. Which was surprising to me. At least, surprising, because my sane mind had left me.

The voice that left my lips was heavy, inciting, dripping with heat. “God I hope so.” Her eyes looked at me strangely again, as if I were an alien creature as yet unseen. She could have been right; I certainly didn’t feel human in that moment. But she gave an almost Mona Lisa smile, and released her hand, allowing me to continue my work. Immediately her hips thrust against me. When she came again, she spurted in her shorts once more, longer this time. I felt her groan against my neck as she tensed, trying to hold the flood back.

But she could only reduce it to a trickle against my hand, and so she pulled away from me, grabbing herself. In the light, I could see streaks down her tights and a dark patch against her crotch. Glittering droplets of pee dances between her fingers as she was losing the fight. Before I could say anything, she straddled me, pushing me against the wall, her head pressed against mine. She sighed loudly her body relaxed, a sigh that turned into a purring groan.

Immediately a torrent began to pour between her legs against my own sparkly-pants (They look like the universe!) right on my cock, which strained against its cloth prison. I pressed myself against her, and she bucked against me, her piss streaming out of her. As she did, her breath caught again, and she almost shrieked as she orgasmed again. I couldn’t take it anymore, and desperately scrabbled to get a condom out of one of my pouches. Always come prepared. At least, if you want to be prepared to come.

She managed to stop peeing long enough to tear off her shorts and tights, while I in a joint feral effort threw my own pants down. She danced and held herself as I kicked my pants off gracelessly on the ground and slid on the condom. Almost before I was finished she turned around and squatted over my cock again. Her curvaceous ass had a thin snake of pee sliding alongside it, while the silhouette of her pussy spurted again. The hot pee felt amazing as it hit my bare skin, and soon it was followed with another stream.

Though she’d already lost a lot, she continued for a good 15 more second, moaning the entire time. As her flow started to slow, I pulled her down on my cock, her warmth almost more than I could bear. I didn’t last long, but as I came, I pulled her right across the finish line as well.

The only sound in the silence was the bass, haunting in the distance; the wind against the porthole, and our slowing gasps. She pulled herself off and faced me, with an almost bewildered look on her face.

“I can’t believe I did that.” I was still lost to the world, and could only stare at her. My heart raced.

Then that Mona Lisa smile once more. “I want to do it again.”

That was our first night together at Burning Man.

*005*2014-12-09 01:43

Thank you for the compliments, :)

I'm glad ya'll enjoyed it!

