Desperation in the library

Author: wettingthebed

*000*2015-12-04 06:53

Hi, I'm new here and figured I'd share a recent wetting experience that I had in the library at my university.

I know some people like a visual, so: I am an 18 year old girl, brunette and kinda pale. I'm 5'3, 130 pound and at the time was wearing a light green dress with a brownish jacket and gray leggings, and worn brown boots. My underwear was dark blue cotton bikini style bottoms and bra.

The day it happened I was trying to get a headstart on studying for finals, so I grabbed my already third coffee of the day and headed to the library, which is four stories and I'm only kinda familiar with the first floor. When I got there though it was crowded and noisy so I figured I'd go to the top floor since no one really goes there and it would be quiet.

There were a bunch of rows of high shelves in the main room, with two doorways either side leading to who knows where.I found a little area between the shelves with some comefy armchairs and spent the next three hours power studying bio.

At the three hour mark the coffee caught up to me, but I liked to see how long I could hold it, and I figured the doors led to a hallway with bathrooms, so I wasn't far.

Eventually I was jiggling in my seat, and my bladder was f full to bursting. At this point it distracted me from my notes so I got up uncomfortably and quickly strode to the nearest doorway, which, as I predicted, led to a small hall. It was kinda dark, and there were only three unmarked doors. Now I was kinda nervous. If there wasn't a bathroom on this floor my chances of making it to the bathroom on the floor below didn't feel very good.

It was deserted, so I held myself and walked stiffly as I tried each door. One was an empty conference room and the other two were locked. I tried to stay calm and walked carefully back to the main room, now walking normally because there was another girl studying in a corner.

There was still the other hallway, so I headed there, my heart racing as a teeny spurt wet my panties a bit. In the safety of the next empty hall I held myself tightly to prevent more leaks.

This hall ended in another sitting area with armchairs and a couch, and at the other end, thank god, were restrooms. I waddled over to them and tried the handle. It was locked! I moaned, and tried the men's room. Also locked! Now I was full on panicking. I could barely hold it another minute, let alone go downstairs and pass a bunch of people and risk wetting myself!

I had to, though, so I started walking again when a big wave of desperation hit me... And more pee trickled out. I could feel it saturate part of my leggings. I looked down, but my dress seemed to hide the wet spot.

I had to walk slow, tears rimming my eyes, until my bladder was threatening another leak so I threw my hands over my crotch and sat in an armchair, squeezing my legs together.

But too late.

More pee came out and didn't stop this time, and I started wetting myself in the chair. My legs and bum grew warm and wet as I soaked my leggings. I knew the chair was getting soaked too so I stood up, full on peeing and crying now, watching my leggings darken then glisten as a yellow puddle formed on the linoleum.

I couldn't believe it. I'd peed myself at the library. I took a quick stock and found to my relief it didn't show on my dress. No one was around still, so I pulled my leggings and panties off and threw them in the trash (the leggings were old and had a hole anyways), then dried my legs and shoes with tissues. Some pee had pooled inside my shoes but it wasn't noticeable.

I felt bad leaving the puddle, but was too afraid to tell someone so I left.

On the drive home, though, the shock and shame was wearing off and I felt very free with no panties. I already had to go again from all that coffee, so with a small smile I let a little bit out on the seat (it had a cover on it because I have dogs). It felt nice so the whole way back I kept peeing in little bits. Then when I got out at my house I peed the rest, letting it stream down my legs on the way in.

And that was it, sorry its a bit long. It was my first public accidental wetting, and even though I was terrified I have to admit it was freeing and nice after.

*008*2015-12-11 05:24

Thanks guys, glad you like it! I usually do wettings in private trying to see how long I can hold it, but I've had a few accidents here and there in public. I'll try and post some more stuff

