Haunting desperation

Author: Dr. Philthy

*000*2015-10-30 08:25

Hey, guys. Never done a post off of my own experiences, so asking for kindness if this recappingddoesn't go well.

During the Halloween season, I work at a haunted house as one of many scarers. You all know the drill: scar the meek and frighten those who are terrified of monsters. Never would have thought that I would have my own little omo predicament there.

This takes us to last weekend. Now, not only am I a scarer, but I'm also in charge of my group, so I make shifts and assign them to the people who work under me. Well, I opted to work near the end of the night in our haunted house from my shift's starting time until closing, and since I'm the only one there in my area, I'm working by myself.

So there's a nice flow of people coming through and some really good scares going on. People shrieking, girls jumping into their boyfriend's arms, and even vice versa. About 20 minutes in, though, I start noticing some signals coming from my bladder, asking me to address it. Now, I had last gone to the bathroom around 5:00 in the afternoon, and it was now a little before 11p.m. at night. I was confident that nothing would be too bad (I've had a few experiences with holds from ghis site so I'm fairly certain in my holding capabilities) so I just decided to trudge on through till fhe house would be closed.

This turned into a bigger issue as 10 minutes later, in between guests coming through, my bladder was starting to send stronger desperation signals to me, so much so that I had to double over bend at the knees, lowering my props to the ground to try and regain my focus. This was the part where I was remembering all the drinks they had stocked to keep us hydrated and the surprise that despite a vast majority of drinks I had. Even though I had drank quite a bit, I was surprised that I needed to go so badly at that point.

Despite this, I continued to do my scaring and still doing a great job of it, even though the customers had no idea the issues I was trying not to think about. Then the unthinkable happened as I was about 40 minutes into my shift. After the next group of customers came and left out of the room, I felt my body give way and a small spurt shot into my boxers. I quickly through my hands into my crotch to hold off any more potential damage. Luckily, no wet spot was visible, but aftef that, I really needed a bathroom. The only problem: since I booked myself for the last shift, there was no one who was coming to relieve me (heh) from my post, and since I was the only one in the room, I couldn't go out to find any of them.

So now I have a little conundrum: I have to keep scaring until we close down (which is roughly another 20 or so minutes) and I have to keep from having an accident in my costume. Despite the strife, I did manage to keep going, although with every customer or group that left my area, I scrunched back down into a squatting position or a half bent over position to try and reduce some of the desperation I was experiencing.

Finally, my prayers were answered. We were done for the night. And as you can imagine, I made my way out of the maze and headed straight for the first urinal I saw and let all the relief flow out of me with a powerful stream. The relief felt wonderful, and very deserved.

And that's my story. Surprisingly, I've had almost the same experience the past 2 nights, just not as strongly as the one mentioned above, but still instances of needing to pee as soon as I can. Bizarre.

Hope you enjoyed. :)

*002*2015-10-31 08:50

Actually, this job does, just as long as you have someone to fill your spot until you return. Never expected to have to pee that badly at that time, and not having anyone else there put me in quite the jam.

