Most of the deliberate wettings I can remember.

Author: Jodan

*000*2013-05-21 09:05

I am preparing to be away for a bit, and so I thought I would make a semi/sorta contribution before I go in a couple days. The following is my recollection (to the best of my ability) of most of the times I've seen a girl deliberately wet herself that I can remember. Most of these were a while ago, so my memory is slightly vague. Bare with me. Also I won't waste space writing about events I've already written about. I'll try not to make this too long, but it will probably be lengthy.

As I mentioned before, the first girl I saw have an accident was a semi sorta cousin who wet her shorts when we were walking back home. This same girl, called Allie for these purposes, also wet herself deliberately for me several times as we grew up. At first she had no clue as to the affect it had on me, but after a while I'm sure she figured it out. She didn't stop doing it though.

The first time was not too long after her accident while her and I were babysitting other cousins, and it has already been written about in another post. The second time was not long after that. It was that same summer. Her and her little sister were at my house. Her younger sister and my brother were about the same age give or take a few years and were playing video games. Allie and I were planning to go swimming in the cheap-o poll we had in the back yard. I was in the bathroom getting my swim trunks on when she knocked on the door.

I called out that I was in there and she said to hurry up so she could "go" before we went swimming. Naturally I took my time. When I opened the door, she was waiting in the hallway, already in her bathing suit (which I recall was light blue two piece) standing with her thighs tightly pushed together and kinda squirming a little. Really it was more for show than anything, an exaggeration so that I might get out of the way faster. I made remark that she seemed to need to go pretty bad and she concurred. I smirked a little and asked something along the lines of, "You wanna make another five dollars?"

She thought it over and made sure I actually had the five, which I had in change (ah childhood finances). I also took the liberty to point out that it would be no big deal because she was in her bathing suit, and we would get in the pool immediately afterward. She finally agreed and we went outside the house and around the side of the garage. She stood in the grass, squirmed a little, and said something like, "You don't believe I'll do it, do you?"

Of course I acted like I didn't believe it and told her to prove it. She put her thighs together, looked down and started peeing. I immediately heard a hissing sound and saw it begin pouring through the crotch of her bathing suit bottoms and down her legs. The crotch of her bathing suit turned a darker blue and began to glisten as she peed through it. When she finished she was standing in a puddle. She giggled about it and ran and jumped in the pool.

###

The next time that I can recall was the following winter. We were both a year older, 14 and 15, I was the elder. We both went to the same school and got out at the same time. Her parents weren't able to pick her up on certain days, so she would ride with us to my house after school and hang out there until her parents came to get her later at night. They stayed at our house fairly often, so there was usually a couple spare sets of clothes for both her and her sister at my house, as they were always there. Also Allie's last class was gym. She would usually dress out for gym class and not change till she got to my house.

On this particular day, my grandma was giving us a ride home from school. Allie rode home with me in my grandma's car and changed into a pair of denim overall shorts when we got to my house. Grandma pretty much dropped us off and left. After a snack and some time spent doing not much of anything, we decided to go for a bicycle ride. We rode back out to the place we were returning home from when she had her accident the year before. We were having fun jumping the bikes and after a while on one of our frequent 'catch your wind' breaks she informed me that she needed to pee, and that we should go back. I said that we had just got there and she should hold it. She said she couldn't hold it for much longer and I said, "Yeah, well pee your pants then."

She sat stationary on her bike and crossed her arms. Bit her lower lip a little and said something like, "If I do what do I get?"

I tried my best to act surprised but not excited and clumsily said, "What?"

"If I pee my pants, what do I get?" She asked a little louder.

She knew already that I had no money. I shrugged and sarcastically said, "Relief?"

She laughed and after a while she looked at me got a kind of devilish grin, "If I do it, you have to do it!"

Again, like a clumsy idiot I asked, "What?"

She said very deliberately, in a 'what are you retarded' kind of tone, "If I pee my pants you have to pee your pants too. Deal?"

I thought it over, and decided why not. I told her I would but that I wanted to do it when we got home since I didn't need to go yet. She agreed and got off her bike, laying it down on it's side. She stepped away and said something like, "alright." She put her thighs together again, and after a while she sighed, looked up and giggled out, "I'm peeing!"

Her overall shorts were a little baggy, though the way she was standing insured that they got soaked. I watched the wet spot start in her lower crotch, then she relaxed and the fabric glistened as the wet spot grew across her lap and down her thighs. After a few seconds the pee started to drip from the cuffs of her shorts and more streamed down her bare legs. She really had to go, so she went for a long time. But I was surprised that it didn't show as badly as I'd expected. From the front it was obvious what had happened; she was soaked in the crotch and down the insides of both thighs. But from behind you couldn't see anything at all.

We stayed there for a while longer, Allie still in her peed overalls. After a while we went home, made sure my mom was still not there and went first to the bedroom where we both grabbed fresh clothes, then to the bathroom. Once inside she took off her overalls and stood in her wet panties. She said she couldn't take a shower until I left, so I had to hurry up and do my end of the deal. After some discussion we worked out that I'd do it, then go to my room while she showered, then when she was done, I'd shower. So I got in the tub and asked if she was ready. She said she was and so I relaxed and started peeing my jeans. It soaked my crotch and went down my left leg all the way, only to the knee on the right. She seemed amused and then she told me to go wait for her while she showered. She showered while I waited in my room, then I got my shower, and that was that.

###

The next time she wet herself for me was the following year. So I would have been 16 and she 15. I don't recall the exact time of year. I was at Allie's house this time watching her younger sister. After the young one had been put to bed, we found ourselves playing truth or dare. After a while of truths and halfhearted dares, she dared me to take off my jeans and finish the game in my boxers. Of course I obliged. After a while longer I dared her to pee herself. At first she was reluctant, but after a bit she agreed. She ran to her room and changed into an old pair of jeans she rarely wore any more and came back out.

She stood on a towel in the living room, this time with her legs slightly apart and looked down at her own crotch. After a couple seconds of standing motionless, she let out a sigh and I saw a dark spot blossom in her crotch. This time she didn't need to pee so much, so the wet spot was mostly contained to her lower crotch, butt and upper inner thighs. A little dripped from her butt onto the towel, but not too much. She turned a 360 and showed me the damage then ran off to change.

###

The next time, and the last time I will write about (there's a couple more vague memories but this is long enough) happened the following year. She was at my place again wearing very short denim shorts. I don't recall how it came up exactly but the prospect of her wetting herself again came up for discussion. She said she had to go, but that if she was going to do it, she wanted to see a 17 year old do it first. My parents weren't home yet, nor were my brother or sister (I usually didn't bring the subject up if they were), so I surprised her by just saying, "Okay" and peeing my pants right there in the back yard. She giggled, made me do the 360 spin for her, commented that she could tell exactly where the end of my penis was from the wet spot and then said, "Alright, I really need to pee now. You ready?"

I told her I was and almost immediately she started flooding her shorts. At first it just poured out of the bottom of her shorts because they were so short cut, but after a second or two the tell tale wet spot formed in the crotch and spread out along the bottom of the legs. I told her to turn around and she quickly did, still peeing. Her butt was soaked that the wet spot was still spreading further up the crack of her butt while pee continued to stream down the backs of her legs.

When she was finished peeing herself her shorts were soaked, more so in the back than in the front. Her legs were streaked with pee and her socks and shoes were even soaked (why she didn't take them off I'll never know). I made a comment that her butt was soaked and she giggled again. We went into the house, got clothes and went into the bathroom again. She immediately dropped her shorts and I could see that her plain white panties had gone totally see through. And we were old enough that she was fully developed down there. I could see her pubic hair through the wet fabric. I knew there was no way I could hide my erection if I took my wet pants off now (I'm pretty sure I wasn't successfully hiding it as it was), so I said something along the lines of, "I'll go change in my room."

Luckily she bought it and I went off to my room while she showered and changed. Of course I had to take care of things real quick once I was alone in my room, but after having just seen what I saw that didn't take long.

So that's that for now. Aside from this, I think I'm about out of stories for now. I do have a story about an honest to goodness accident I had a couple years ago. But I'm reluctant to share it because really the populous here seems to favor the female wetting over the male wetting (as do I really). If anyone is interested in reading it, say so and I'll type it up. Otherwise I'll save the effort.

Thanks for reading, hope a few of you enjoyed it.

*005*2013-05-21 20:13

Well, the other vague memories are like, REALLY vague. I can remember a friend being dropped off at my place when I was very young. I remember noticing his mom had an obvious wet spot in her crotch and she told my mom that she peed her pants on the way over.

I also had another cousin that I can recall doing it. We were at her house playing around in the back yard (think I was maybe 12). She just stopped in the middle of what she was doing and ran onto the lawn. Once there, she pulled up the front of her "skort" (I think that's what they're called... skirt/shorts in one) and started peeing herself. The pee surged through the fabric a little, which was kind of a spandex type material that glistened a lot when peed through. It ran down her legs and probably would have made a puddle had she not been standing in the grass. I asked her why she had done that and she laughed and said something like, "I had to go and the bathroom was too far so..." After that she ran into the house, changed, and returned to playing as if nothing had happened.

Another somewhat vague memory is we were filling up one of the many cheap backyard pools we had over the years as I grew up. A few of my older sister's friends were over to help set it up and we were now standing in the pool as it filled via a hose draped over the side. We were standing around talking and playing around with the hose, the water only up to our shins. One of my sisters friends, a blonde girl I rather fancied in my early pubescent years, said she had to pee and my sister told her, "Well? Go then."

She stood for a second and then asked with a giggle if she had to go all the way back in the house. My sister, not catching the drift, said no, she could pee around the back of the garage if she wanted to. Her blonde friend started giggling and said something like, "Too late," or "Never mind." I was surprised to see a wet spot form in the crotch of her jean shorts and spread down the legs. Of course, my sister and her other friends started laughing and yelling how gross she was. She just said, "Oops," and casually took the hose and soaked her shorts with them.

Really that's all I can think of for now. There might be others, but they're not coming to mind. I'll write about my adult accident in the next day or so I suppose... what is there to lose? But that will be a separate post.


