Desperation experience

Author: Desperateboy

*000*2014-11-12 01:13

Here is a experience of my first desperation holding experience hope you enjoy!

It all started on a Friday night when my parents would be gone for the weekend. This was the perfect time to do a holding. My plan was to drink as much water and soda as I could and see how long I could hold it. About an hour after my parents left, I began to down some drinks. I started off with a 8 ounce cup of water. Nothing to hard as soon as I drank it I had no problems.

Then, I started drinking more, this time instead of 8 ounces, I had 16 ounces of water. Still, about 20 ounces in, I didn't feel any need to pee at all. To add to my intake, I had one 16 ounce bottle of soda. Still no need to go, the only feeling I had was a bloated stomach. I decided to wait a little while to see if anything happened. I began to watch tv waiting for the need to kick in. About 30 mins later, I felt a small urge nothing big but I could tell I had to pee.

I continued to watch tv and the need was starting to grow a little bit more. I kept on drinking my water, my goal was 64 ounces of water. I still had 42 ounces left to drink and I was beginning to question if that was too much. I drank another 16 ounces of water and my stomach began to hurt, so I decided to take a break. About a half an hour later, my need to pee was almost a constant feeling. My bladder was wanting me to realease so bad. I decided to drink just one more cup of water for a grand total of 40 ounces of water plus the bottle of soda I had earlier. I decided at this point I was done drinking I would, just let the need build up.

An hour later I had to pee fairly bad, I was to the point where I was bouncing my leg, I still had control but pretty soon it would be hard to keep completely still. I found that bouncing my leg helped keep my mind of my increasing need. 15 minutes later my bladder began to hurt even more, I couldn't stay still at all and I had to put my hand down my pants to regain control sometime.

Still trying to watch tv to take my mind off my need to pee, I decided to get up and go to my room. Every step I took sent a pain to my bladder I could feel all the hot liquid sloshing around in my full bladder. To make it harder to hold I laid on my back on my bed motionless. That was pure torture. At this point I had to pee soo bad I was sweating and couldn't stay still. My penis was beginning to shake and tremble I felt like I was going to burst. I dont know how much longer I could take it.

I lay on my bed until I can't take it no longer. I stand up and the need increases 1000 times more. I can no longer stand straight up. I try to walk to my bathroom and it's all I can do to get there. Every step I take hot steamy piss spurts out of dick. I quickly grab it to stop the spurting but my squeezing does nothing. I finally get to the toilet and struggle to get my pants down. As soon as a get my penis out, it starts to gush hot piss.

The release was orgasmic, I stood there and peed for about 3 minutes it was amazing. Never in my life have I had to piss that bad before.

