Wet myself at the park

Author: maxpee

*000*2014-09-26 12:53

2 months ago, on a warm August evening, I felt really bored and I decided to gather some friends to hang out in the park. I managed to convince 3 friends to come with me, let's call them Sherry, Sarah and Demphy. We bought some beers and snacks and found a place near the water to chill.

It was a really cozy evening, we were talking, laughing, singing, playing music, messing around and all that stuff. Sherry was sitting next to me on a coolbox. I saw her shifting weight and moving her legs. I figured she might needed to pee, but I didn't really pay attention to it. I think it's kinda weird to have such thoughts about friends, so I ignored it. Not long after that Sherry said that she really needed to pee. We all said that she should go find a place to pee in the bushes, but she wasn't really up for that, because she had never done that before. The rest of us said it was no big deal. (Sarah even started telling the story when she and I squatted right next to each other in the front garden of a house where there was a party and we got caught). I think that story didn't really help for Sherry and she decided to hold it for another while :D

Only a few minutes later, Sherry rose and she walked away to go find a place to pee. When she came back, all of us, one by one also went peeing in the bushes. That's how the rest of the evening went on. The beers found their way to our bladders and every now and then, one of us walked away to go pee. The more we drank, the more we needed to pee.

Sometime around midnight (Sherry had already left by then) it was getting cold and we all decided to go home. Demphy and Sarah said that they needed to go pee one more time before they went home. I needed to pee too, really bad, but I didn't say anything about it. Instead I suggested to stay there and keep an eye on our stuff. That's the moment when I started thinking: 'Ah, I don't need to go pee in the bushes, I can just pee here while they are peeing there. There's no one around anymore and it's dark and the grass is wet from the cold. And if we are going home, Sarah and Demphy need to take another route than me.' Those thoughts were enough for me. 

Demphy and Sarah walked off into the bushes and I got myself ready to pee too. I just stayed seated in the grass, pushed my hand into my crotch and felt how the hot liquid gushed into my pants and warmed my hand. Because of the many beers I had, I had to pee a lot. It felt amazing and naughty, knowing I was peeing my pants when my friends were so close to me. I felt my butt getting totally soaked. When they came back, I stood up, making sure my friends didn't get to see my wet butt. I felt confident though, the park was barely lightened, so I knew they wouldn't notice anything. We gathered all our stuff and said goodbye.

By the time I got home, which was only 5 minutes later, I already needed to pee again. Like I said, when I drink beers, they're going straight to my bladder. My pants was already wet, so why not soak it some more. I got into the kitchen, pressed my legs together and peed again. I let out little spurts of pee. The hot pee found his way down to my legs and soon there was a big patch visible at the front of my pants. The moment I noticed the pee was hitting the floor, I stopped. I didn't feel like cleaning the whole kitchen and getting caught by my parents. I moved up the stairs and locked myself into my room. But I still needed to pee, bad. So I finished what I had started in the kitchen, pressing my legs together, peeing with no shame, getting my pants really really wet from peeing in it twice and hearing the pee fall on the floor, making a little puddle at my feet. It felt so amazing.

Aaah, deciding to pee just where I stand or sit, nothing comes close to that feeling.

*006*2014-09-27 18:43

{{ 

Excellent story. Love stories about times when people let go with others around. You are definitely going to have to elaborate about the time you and your friend got caught peeing in the garden while the party was going on.

}}

I've posted the story in another topic ;)

