Girl On The Train

Author: Lemonkitty1

*000*2014-09-03 00:19

So on the way home from college today, I got on the train as usual and read my book to wait for my stop. The train usually gets to its stops very quickly, so when the train didn't leave the station, we were all extremely confused.

It finally started to move after 10 minutes, but it moved very slowly and stopped again barely even a half mile from the Station I entered the train at. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a thin Japanese girl, who goes to the same college as me, start shaking her leg impatiently. The train kept it's ridiculously slow pace; stopping and slowly moving and stopping. It seemed there was a problem because I heard some walkies buzzing from the pockets of the workers who monitored the train. The girl out the corner of my eye was clearly getting more desperate as time went on, and we all were going to be on this train for some time. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs and rubbing her hands up and down her thighs, and occasionally holding herself.

I wasn't too focused on her (until later) because I got concerned and pulled out my laptop to connect to the web and get an idea on what was going on with the train. Maybe 10 more minutes later, the girl stands up and comes over to where I am (some workers were next to me). I sat at the far back of the train when I got on, so there were fewer people where I was. She asked the workers if there were any bathrooms on the train because, "I have to pee really really bad." as she was saying this, she was grabbing at the loose fabric of her shorts and bouncing a little. They told her no, and that they were sorry, but she looked so worried and held herself a little. "I'm about to pee my pants, I'm so serious." I noticed she had a wide brimmed, plastic water bottle and so did she. She asked if she could go in her water bottle, and we moved seats for her to give her privacy.

I sat kind of far from her seat, but I could still hear pee hitting inside the bottle. I also heard her miss a couple times. It was a loud pee, I could tell she had to go really bad. I heard the water bottle fill up very quickly and start coming over the sides and i heard it start hitting the floor. I felt super perverted and covered my ears. One of the workers came over and told me she was done, but I should go get my things because she had made a mess. Sure enough when i went to go pick up my things, there was a huge puddle on the floor and a drenched spot on the seat where she was sitting to pee. She went a lot!

My stop didn't come for an hour and I started fearing that I would have to pee. But I didn't, and when I looked down the hall of the train to see if I'd left anything, I saw that the puddle had started coming down and was halfway down the hall.

Names and places are kept secret for respect for the people involved :P That had to be super embarrassing for her!

