Kindergarten (warning: underage) (female, asian, schoolgirl)

Author: gamblerrur

*000*2013-03-31 00:07

I don't know if I can post this... is loli allowed...?

Well, here goes anyways. Consider it fiction if it's not allowed. I can't prove this story actually happened anyways...

There was an asian girl in my kindergarten class. Of course, the uniform was a plaid shoulder strapped dress, shorts, dress shoes, hair bow. You know, the works. So I'm in kindergarten at a private catholic school. I'm talking to my friend, doing my grammar, and there's this girl that's kind of fidgeting. School had pretty much just just started for the day, no people should need to pee.

This girl, however, looked distraught. I continued to talk to my friend while glancing around the room as usual. (I'm relatively talkative but look everywhere occasionally). We just finished a page of learning the alphabet when my teacher and her assistant were greeted by my principle to go to his office. As the teacher said to hold on for a second, the girl exploded with tears and her face turned red. "I CAN'T HOLD IT! I CAN'T HOLD IT!" there was a loud hiss and she yelled. the teachers grabbed her and pulled her into the class restroom. I was looking stunned and the two students sitting next to her looked at her seat with amazement. She didn't come back till tomorrow.

Again, if it's not allowed to post this then take it as fiction. I can't prove that this wasn't a dream or anything. I have some pretty messed up dreams sometimes, however I have a photographic memory. This is probably my third oldest memory.

(How lucky am I... asian loli schoolgirl with the private school uniform and everything...)

*002*2013-04-16 00:46

{{ 

I don't think there's a problem with sharing a childhood experience so long as there are no pictures involved that might compromise someone's privacy.

Other than that, most of us have all had experiences like this. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thanks! Yeah, I don't have any pictures of practically anything I didn't find on Google... so I guess its good! :DDDDD

