Desperation wetting straddling a rake!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-11-21 15:25

Thought I'll tell you what happened to me earlier today.

This morning I went out in my garden to rake leafs. Always when I've work to do in my garden I get a strong urge to wet myself. Aware of that I'd saved my morning pee until I'd got outside. Very soon I was so desperate that I wasn't particularly efficient raking my lawn. To put off the inescapable I hitched up my skirt and put the rake stick between my thighs and rubbed my crotch against it. I laughed. Straddling the stick made me to think of how I used to straddle my hobby-horse Hector, when I was a child. Giggling I started to galopp on the rake all over the lawn. Not a very efficient way to rake leafs and not a very efficient way to stop my increasingly growing desperation.

But I didn't bother; if I was going to wet my panties, well: "Que sera, que sera". I continued happily my gallop and very soon I became no longer able to stop what had been gathered a whole night in my bladder to come out. Shit! It was so funny to jump around on a rake while I wetted myself like a crazy little girl! I didn't want it to end but eventually it of course did. I put my hand at my wet crotch to get to the perfect finality of a perfect desperation wetting, when I discovered a woman standing on the porch to my cottage. It was my neighbor Katrin.

I quickly put my clothes straight and went up to her.

"Oh, there you are! I was afraid you weren't at home. Hi!"

"Hi", I answered her, still panting from my arousal. I hoped she wouldn't notice the pee-drops that trickled down my legs

.

"I'm sorry to bother you, but my dog Pelle has boken a leg and my car is at the car repair shop. Is it possible that you can drive us to the vet in your car?"

So we put Pelle in the backseat of my car together with Katrin. I'd found a magazine and put it on the driver's seat. Discreetly I arranged so that I didn't sit on the skirt. My cotton panties were very, very soaked, and when I sat, pee was squeezed out from them. As the magazine I was sitting on was glazed, the pee didn't soaked in and a little puddle was formed, in which I sat. It felt arousing, though not comfortable as the pee was getting cold. And I felt so embarrassed even if Katrin hadn't noticed that I'd wetted myself like a little girl riding my "hobby-horse".

It took an hour at the vet. I spent the time standing in the vet's waiting room. I didn't want to wet the back of my skirt by sitting on it, and I couldn't hitch it up as there were other people waiting. But the worst wasn't that I had to stand up. The worst was that I was so terribly aroused standing there in my wet panties among all the waiting persons. And I couldn't do anything about it. I tried to think about something else. But it didn't work. Actually I couldn't think of anything. I just stand and felt immensely aroused. So aroused that I was on the edge to orgasm.

But that didn't happen. Not then. And when Katrin and Pelle came out from splinting Pelle's leg, my panties were almost dry from pee (but slightly damp from other juices).

It was when I'd come home and was alone, that I finally got my much longed-for orgasms (yep, several).

*004*2012-11-22 14:12

Oh, it makes me so happy to see that my story has made people both laugh and be aroused! Is it sorcery, as Adamu-kun is hinting? That's a thrilling thought and sometimes I believe I am a witch. I am in possession of a certain capacity, of which I don't wish to give away. But as far as my stories are concerned, I guess they reflect my nature. I love to wet myself and I guess I am extraordinarily exhibitionistic. In short: I am an Omorashi Yagai girl :p And also I am easily aroused. And mostly I am a very merry young thing :D

PS. It's also that I love to write about my adventures. It appeals to my exhibitionstic nature to know that so many can read about them. When I write, I feel as I'm making love to myself before all the readers, I get into a very aroused state, and I often have to stop writing for a moment to get an opportunity to discharge my arousal B)

