Rachel`s Maid Up-skirt Wetting [Pictures and Video]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2012-09-27 14:04

So I’ve been a naughty girl again. First of all thanks to everyone who submitted advice on filming an upskirt wetting. I had some trouble with it and as you can see from some of the establishing shots, I tried it in the college showers (using a bike light for lighting) but it didn’t work out, so in the end I did it in my room with a very strange set up involving my dresser half open, my desk light on the ground and lots of practice.

So before I go into the technical details let me set the scene. I’ve been wanting to do an upskirt wetting for a while. I always love watching the pee cascading down the thighs and legs and find it so hot and erotic. There is something much more intimate about looking up someone’s skirt rather than just seeing them wet their jeans or something. Don’t get me wrong, I appreciate a good jeans wetting like the rest of them but like a few people said they love seeing the gusset of the panties darken and glisten before the pee cascades down, drawing erotic lines along the inner thighs. Believe me it’s fun to do and so it must be fun to watch too.

So from my previous post on this (

$/9064-tips-on-filming-up-skirt-wettings/

) I have been thinking about doing this for a while now. And yes I am naughty and think naughty thoughts rather more than I should lately (could it be hormones?). Anyhow, I drank a whole pot of tea (dark super caffeinated tea as I’ve been trying to finish two reports) for breakfast (at 10 I’m a grad student and get up late, one of the few perks) and had some juice at around 11. I’m not very good a big holds so I started setting up almost immediately after 11.

I first got dressed (yes I lounge around my flat in my PJs a lot of the time, again one of the few perks of being a grad student, plus they are super silky and are great to hang out in). I put on my favourite summer dress, it’s a black and white sleeveless summer with black trim and a wild black and white pattern on it. And it has a cute little bow around the waist. It’s been cold here and I basically have to go outside to get to the shower so I also put on some black tights. Underneath I had a random pair of baby blue panties, I really should have re-thought my panty choice and worn my frilly black lace rumba panties but I didn’t think of this until it was definitely too late. I also put on my only black bra and a cardigan as these work with the dress. I took a few pictures in my room with a flash just to see how I looked and decided the dress would look even cuter with a petticoat.

I’m a big fan of full dresses and love a frilly petticoat. And so I pulled on a mid-length black lacy one (one of the few I have, sigh), and took a few more pictures. And it did look cute, thought the petticoat does add more shadow and lighting problems. So I got together my ‘shower kit’ and camera and brought along my strongest bike light, some blue tack and my vibrator (no messing around this time, plus it’s a little slim rechargeable one and heck you could take this anywhere, and probably should).

So I went down to the usual bath/shower room and took a few establishing shots, isn’t the dress cute? I always feel like Sookie Stackhouse from True Blood in a summer dress, especially the full ones.

I think looking up the dress looks like something a French maid would wear, hence the title of this shoot, you could call me the naughty little maid. Or, maybe minute-maid…(The pun will make more sense below).

So at this point I was getting pretty desperate. For some reason with tea it’s not one of those really deep and strong desperations for me, rather it’s more like a very acute needing to go, especially around the sphincter. Sharp sort of pushing rather than a throbbing bladder kind of desperation.

So I mucked about with the Bluetac, light and camera for a while trying to get a good shot. The light was not strong enough and I could not get the angle right with the tub and counter and things. Then the batteries on my camera died and I basically gave it up and went back upstairs. To anyone who was watching yes, I could have a shower and emerge in the same clothes, with identical makeup, dry hair and all, I’m just that good.

So I decided to opt for the floor of my room and use another Goodnite sleepmat. Not the best choice as they are expensive and I only have a few of them left. But well anything for you guys. So I spent the next 30 minutes digging up new batteries, and trying to get the light (I ended up using my office light) and the camera angle right. The biggest problem is that you can’t check the back of the camera to see if the you got the shot without moving it, and well this of course makes it harder to put it down for the next shot. I ended up using tape and pens as an outline and a pile of socks and part of my drawer to prop the camera up. Yes you can see the edge of the lamp in the shots as well. This shone right up my skirt. My vagina felt like a movie star!

Now by this time I was really desperate. As I’ve said elsewhere, I really don’t like making movies when I’m super desperate because I can’t concentrate on getting everything right. I played around with the camera and light for, as I said 30 minutes, and couldn’t quite get it right, I wanted to be able to show my gusset and hold my legs open so that the pee would run down both my legs. I even experimented with ziplock bags but the image was terrible (and my camera sucks to begin with). So I was really having trouble concentrating and probably should have set up the angles better but I really couldn’t hold it any longer. Basically I got the shot lined up like this:

And then was like that’s good enough. I was practically leaking at this point, a 9 on the old scale. Now I couldn't bounce around too much for the video (as some of you know I do dance about when I gotta go), and I also didn't want to hold myself as this would get my dress and petticoat wet, and there’s a different between washing your panties and tights in the sink and dry cleaning your petticoat and summer dress. So I basically got the shot set up and then stayed in my spot (I had the places for my feet marked on the ground using a hair elastic) I was able to cross my legs a few times but at this point I was on the verge of wetting myself. I actually kind of forgot that I wanted to have my legs apart so you could all see my crotch get wet and stuff, and ended up pressing my thighs together really hard.

No I’m not one to leak when I’ve really got to go. I might have one or two leaks and then the floodgates open and I drench myself. But today was different. With my legs glued together I was able to hold it, somewhat and what resulted was basically a constant stream of little leaks.

Wetting 3.42.wmv

I probably could have stopped these about halfway through but there was no way I could initially and also once I got started, well, I wanted to finish for all of you. So the first minute of the video is me really trying to hold on. The panties I was wearing were pretty thick cotton (as you can see from the after pictures) and the gusset absorbed the first few leaks pretty well. And with the sort of compression of the tights, the wet panties were really warm against my labia.

Anyhow, so at 0:59, I let out the first leak. I had no idea what was going on down there, except the pee wasn’t really running down my legs, it was sort of running along my panty line and dripping off my bum. So throughout most of the film you can hear this drip, drip, drip, of the single spurts slowly making their way through my panties, tights, and then onto the floor.

I tried shifting a few times to get it to run down my legs but I dared not move too much for fear of messing up the shot, which you can see is pretty well framed if I do say so.

What you see here in this film is probably the longest wetting I’ve ever done. Usually I release and floosh, I’m drenched and it’s over. But since I was only letting out small spurts at a time (sometimes bigger ones like 1:30), I basically had pee running down my legs and off my bum for more than two minutes, which was very hot indeed.

So a bit of play by play. After my big leak at 1:30, I managed to control things better and started letting out smaller leaks. As you can see it was all running down my right leg and so I shifted about trying to get it a little more even. Also with all the shifting you can see at times a hint of my panties through my tights which I think is super hot.

By 2:40 I was letting out a constant small stream, trying to control it so it would not flood the mat I was standing on, or splash my camera. And by this time the pee was also running down the back of both of my legs. I will admit that I was throbbing in other ways and really turned on at this point.

The pee kept dribbling out and running down my legs and onto my calves. It’s strange the tights are sort of more athletic tights than panty hose, and they do strange things with pee. I stopped filming once I stopped peeing, but I probably could have stood there for another minute or two and let the pee keep running down my legs as it was still dripping when I stopped but I really didn’t want to. I was very aroused by this point and needed a different kind of release. So I quickly shut off the camera and light (I was worried about it setting socks on fire) and took a shot of my puddle for you.

As you can see kind of missed the centre and almost made another puddle on my carpet. But those little Goodnite mats are pretty good. Anyhow, I quickly took off my tights and panties and got a shot for you all and then was out of my dress and petticoat.

I also took a few pictures up my wet skirt:

After towelling off my legs and feet I jumped onto my bed and lay on my front to play with my vibrator wearing only my black bra. I put the towel over top of my pillow and put my pillow between my legs, like I used to do when I was younger. And humped my pillow while pressing my vibrator into my clit. It didn’t take me long. Right before I climaxed I looked over at my puddle and wet clothes and that put me over the edge.

Then it was off to do laundry.

I hope you all enjoy, don’t forget karma and positive feedback J

Hugs

Rachel

P.S. For those who are interested, yes those are my wet little footprints in the middle of my naughty puddle.

&&

&&

&&

&&

*013*2012-09-28 10:40

Thanks for all the positive feedback everyone!

Don't worry I'll be trying more!

*016*2012-09-28 14:26

Giggle, I knew you would :) I took a foot picture in another wetting where the video didn't work out just for you:

Its from another wetting I did but haven't posted, consider this a pre-view and sorry about the yucky socks :)

*018*2012-09-28 14:42

I tried to get it with the pee dripping off, almost!

