A Survey Gone Wrong

Author: Suki

*000*2013-06-07 09:23

I apologize for being gone, my schedule has been killing me lately. This event happened over a year ago, when a friend pulled a prank on me.

Everything around me was pitch-black, I could not see, speak, or even move. A faint noise started, and grew over time. Immediately, everything gained color, and I sat up. I looked to my left, and my phone was ringing. I picked it up, and looked at who it was. It was one of my friends, and I flicked it open, and immediately said. "Oh, hi!" I was still a little tired, due to being woken up early.

A voice that was as sweet as honey came from the phone. "Hey there!" She sounded really eager for something. "I am conducting a survey, and will you come to my house to take it?" I contemplated for a short time, not wanting to seem hesitant.

"Yes!" I responded happily. "I will get there as soon as I can." I hung up, and yawned lazily. I pushed some of my blonde hair out of my face, and proceeded to my closet. I took off my white bra and panties, and replaced them with pink, lacy ones. I grabbed a plaid skirt, one that reached ever so slightly lower than a miniskirt, as well as a white t-shirt. I looked in the mirror after putting them on, and liked how I looked. I opened the door quietly, not to alert my closest friend, and left.

As I walked there, I wondered what questions I would be asked. "If I am asked this..." I said to myself quietly, thinking. Before I knew it, I was there. I knocked on the door gently, and she immediately opened the door. Her smile showed her blindingly white teeth, and her soft, pink lips. I looked at what she wore, and it was brilliant. A black miniskirt that was as short as possible, and a black long sleeved shirt that showed off her perfect breasts. I quickly snapped out of my fantasies, and hugged her.

"Hello!" She said, her hands gliding up and down my sides a few times. Many jolts were sent through my body and I writhed with laughter. She stopped, and led me inside the house. I felt her hand on my ass, and she felt around slightly. I moaned slightly, and I covered my mouth with my hands immediately to stop the noise. She put her mouth to my ear, and softly whispered. "Oh, don't be shy...you can't cover your moans..." I shuddered as she rubbed my panties a little.

My face was as red as a beet, and I stammered slightly when I spoke. "So...s-shall we get started?" She grabbed one of my hands gently, and led me to a room with two chairs set up. I sat in one, and she did in the other.

She had paper and a mechanical pencil in hand, ready to write down my answers. "Okay, first question, what is your favorite drink?"

I chuckled slightly. "You already know that one, silly!" I said playfully.

"Of course." She exited the room, and came back shortly after with a cup of hot tea. "Here, for you."

I took it, and drank half of it in one go, I forgot to drink anything for a long time, so it was refreshing. "Thanks!" I said, waiting to proceed.

"Second question." She said, "What is your favorite color?"

I thought about it for a split second, and said. "I never really had a favorite color." Her hand started moving as she wrote. After a few questions, I drank the rest of my tea, then she immediately left, and came back with it filled up.

"Question seven." She said, "What is your hobby?" I drank some tea, but felt a distinctive twinge in my abdomen.

"Oh, my hobby?" I thought about it for about fifteen seconds. "Probably being with the friend I live with, and kendo." I didn't want to be rude, so I drank more tea, making it nearly empty.

"Question ei-" She stopped at the sight of a near empty cup of tea, and filled it up again. She handed it to me. I had a slight urge to pee, but I had to suppress it for the rest of the survey. "Question eight." She resumed, "What do you think of the arising gang?"

"The Wandering Ghosts?" I had trouble coming up with an answer, but my urge to pee was getting a little worse. "Honestly, I wonder what they're going to do, they will just make more gangs come up. It will be no good."

She wrote down my answer, and looked at my cup. "Did I make bad tea?" She asked. I immediately shook my head, and drank it all. A wave of unhappiness came from my bladder, and I squeezed my legs tightly while she got more tea. She kept asking questions, and I kept answering, sadly, it was taking longer than I thought, due to my bladder making me unable to come up with answers. I didn't want to seem like I hated her tea, so I had to keep drinking it.

"Question twenty." My bladder was overfilling, and I still had a cup of tea in front of me. I kept shifting around, trying to ease the pressure. "What is your favorite instrument?"

I drank my tea instantly, my bladder throbbed as it got more than it could hold. "M-my favorite i-instrument...the piano." I stuttered, and when she picked up my cup to get more tea, my hands shot between my legs faster than a bullet. The ease of pressure was amazing, and with my growing arousal, it got a little harder to hold it. She came back, and my hands went back to their old position. The pressure came back immediately, worse than before. She handed me the tea.

"You talked a lot, so you might still be thirsty." She smiled, her voice was as sweet as ever, but her smile had a slight tinge of her sadistic personality in it. I drank the tea immediately. My hands shook wildly as I set down the cup, and my hands shot between my legs, albeit her being there. My legs were grinding together relentlessly. I was desperate to pee, and to get 'attention.' I drooled ever so slightly at the corner of my mouth, but my hands were preoccupied, so I couldn't get it off.

She looked at me, not even trying to hide her sadistic expression anymore. "Oh, does someone need to pee?" She asked, her hand went to my chin, and pushed it up slightly, she looked at me straight in the face. "Oh, drool, I know what that means." She was the only one at that point who know about my fetish, but is still the only one who knows that I am aroused when I drool. She wiped it off with her finger, and put it in her mouth. Her hand went to my tummy as she patted it a few times.

I tried to recoil, but my only option was to get farther into the chair. Multiple jolts when through me, and a few drops of pee escaped. I gasped aloud, and she had a smile of sadistic glee. Her hands went up and down my sides wildly, and I had to keep my hands between my legs, but it was hard. I thrashed around, laughing. A few more drops came out, and she stopped. She snapped her fingers, saying. "Oh, I have an idea!" She took my arms, and slowly pulled them away from between my legs.

"Ah-ah!" She said, "no holding!" She spread my legs apart slightly, I panted with effort and arousal. "Looks like someone is leaking a little!" Her finger poked my panties a little, and I jumped upwards slightly. I tried putting my hands back, but she managed to keep them away. "Do you want to get punished?" She asked. "Good girls won't get punished, remember that!" Her finger rubbed my panties a little, and hands tightened. It took all my efforts to barely hold back.

I felt something sliding, and I looked down. She pulled my panties to the side, and she started licking. I moaned loudly, both hoping for her to stop and for her to continue, my voice decided on the former. "Please! Stop!" I screamed. She immediately stopped, and slipped my panties back in place.

"Okay...but don't wet yourself!" She said, putting slight pressure on my stomach. Even that slight push made a spurt come out. My legs started grinding together again, and I had to do my best to keep my hands from going between my legs. She walked away, and came back with a cup of tea. "Here you go! Drink up!" She said. My hands shook violently as I grabbed it. I drank it painfully, and as soon as I finished, she put it on the table. "Now..." She licked her lips. "We get to the fun part."

She slowly pulled her shirt and miniskirt off, showing her elaborate, black underwear. She really had a thing for black clothing. She climbed on top of my lap, and wrapped her legs around me. Her hands were on the back of her bra. She undid it, and put it on her lap. As if on instinct, my body arched forward, and I tried to kiss her breasts. She immediately pushed on my bladder, and I reeled back. She put her bra back on quickly. "Sorry, but only good girls get to do that."

I started to leak a little more. I did my best to hold it in, but even if I tried to put my hands between my legs, she was there to prevent that. My overfilling bladder couldn't take it anymore, and I immediately started wetting myself. I got so aroused, and I kept drooling, albeit wiping it off constantly. I could feel the blasting stream escape, until it just became a few drops. I was panting with sheer arousal from that point. She shook her head. "You naughty, naughty girl!" She said sadistically.

She stepped off, and I realized, my pee was soaking her panties as well, due to her being on my lap. I started pleading frantically. "Please! I really want to-"

She interrupted me. "I know, but naughty girls aren't allowed to have that!" She said with powerful authority. I started to reach into my panties, but her hand flew out and grabbed my wrist. "I repeat, bad girls aren't allowed to!" She seemed to be really serious about this. "If you try, you get punished!" I got up from the chair, and hugged her tightly. I was so desperate to have an orgasm that I started crying. Her sadistic expression immediately turned to one of sympathy.

"I'm sorry, honey..." She said. "I would love to, but I don't get to make the rules..." My tears ceased at a familiar feeling. Her fingers were inside of my panties, rubbing. I hugged her tighter, in case my knees gave out. She kept going, but started to kiss me. Her soft lips felt amazing, and I was happy. I was about to orgasm, and she knew that. She immediately stopped and left the room. "I have some clothes you can have, wear them on the way home."

That was the end of that story.

*004*2013-06-10 10:03

We are just friends, but we do this stuff occasionally.

