First omorashi experience

Author: Wet Shorts

*000*2015-12-30 02:15

Hi,

This is my first post on omorashi.org. Hope you enjoy!

This is the true story of my discovery of omorashi, which takes place during the summer holiday of 1982. Over the previous year, I'd been subjected to an incredible amount of trauma in separate incidents involving both sexual abuse and the death of my group of friends (one of whom I fancied) in a train crash; this left me with multiple "hang-ups" which contribute to the events I'm about to describe. To the best of my recollection, this is completely factual with the exception of names, although I'm sure that the last 30 years has taken it's toll on my memory - nevertheless, because of the import of this event in the narrative of my life, I've done my utmost to preserve a "pure" recollection in my memory over the years including all of the detail that's remained frozen in my memory. A lot of it sounds like fantasy, but these events were seared into my brain and have been frequently revisited [multiple times a night during my teens ;)] in great detail.

In 1982, the British army still maintained a presence in West Germany because of the cold war. At that time, I was a slim, shy, nerdy 13-year-old of slightly below-average height with mousy brown hair, blue eyes and a pale complexion topped off by the chunky laughing-stock glasses that were then prescribed for free. My parents used to send me away for a while during the summer holidays, and this year the recipient was my older brother Daniel, a soldier. He was stationed in a town called Celle, close to the East German border, where he lived in an army barracks together with his wife, Katie, and their 6-month-old son Stefan. I was packed off on a routine Army coach which went from Elephant & Castle in London to Celle via a long ferry crossing with DFDS and a similarly long drive through Europe (during which I had a "near miss", but was saved by another passenger pointing out my obvious need to the driver).

On the day after arriving in Celle, Katie took me with her on a shopping trip into town. It was a hot summer's day, and I was wearing a short-sleeved collared shirt, white jockey Y-fronts, a pair of pleated tan shorts with a button and zip, white socks and a pair of Hi-Tech "Silver Shadow" trainers. I hated the brand-new shorts which were very uncomfortable to wear because they were extremely stiff with starch or something, but I'd been given strict instructions by my mother that I was to wear that particular outfit on the first day; I suppose that she wanted me to present a good first impression.

After leaving the tower block where Daniel and Katie lived on the 3rd floor, we walked down the road and past a small park before arriving at a T-junction with a bakery on the corner, where Katie said I could go and buy bread on the way home to practice my German. The rest of the walk to the army base was unmemorable, and I don't remember anything more until we went into the NAAFI (armed forces shop) by which point I was starting to become vaguely aware of a need to have a widdle.

The shop was part of a small complex with a post office and newsagent, and Katie wanted me to wait outside the NAAFI whilst she went round. I didn't mind, and stood and waited patiently for Katie to do the shopping. After a while, I saw that the toilets were down a dark corridor just opposite me, but as I was embarrassed about wee'ing in public, afraid of the dark corridor, and didn't really need to go very badly (not holding myself, just fidgetting) I didn't go and use them. Instead, I just jiggled around for a while and squeezed my knees together before adding in spot-pacing and leg-crossing. After about twenty minutes of increasing urgency, a strong wave of need made me put my right hand into my pocket and start holding myself through the pocket.

At this point, I reluctantly accepted that I really was going to have to use the public toilet. Just as I acknowledged this, Katie re-appeared with the shopping and told me to come along. Rather than add to my discomfort by admitting that I had been needing to go but hadn't taken the opportunity, I just tagged along as requested. I was quite uncomfortable by now, but confident in my ability to handle it - after all, 13-year-olds don't wet themselves - and so I simply ignored the signals from my body. To help, I decided that it was OK to hold myself discretely as long as I only used one hand from inside my pocket ("acceptability threshold").

We walked out of the army base and into the town centre, me with my right hand buried in my pocket and squeezing myself, without any other incident. Katie wanted me to see the hour chime on the town clock (which apparently has something famous about it), so we headed into the town square. My heart sank as I saw that it was about ten-to-the-hour, and so I'd have to be standing there for another ten minutes with a moderately-serious need to pee. Holding myself through my pocket wasn't sufficient any more, and so I upgraded "acceptability" to include holding myself "obviously" with one hand clamped outside my shorts whenever Katie wasn't looking. To make matters worse, I was also developing a stiffy from all of the squeezing.

Eventually, the clock had done it's thing and so we set back off towards home by walking through a shopping centre. As we passed through the food hall, we went right past the toilets but the presence of my stiffy made me choose to wait. Within a few minutes, I was regretting this decision as the the pain in my bladder increased and walking became progressively harder. However, I was still confident that if I just bore the pain then I'd be fine, so I did nothing to correct the mistake before we left the shopping centre. By the time we'd reached a Chinese restaurant I had my right hand wrapped as tightly as I could around my very erect penis, and had decided that the acceptability threshold now included using both hands "in extremis" if nobody could see (I didn't care about people seeing me holding with one hand any more).

Katie was showing me how long the menu was, and that it was really just repetitions of the same dishes with different meats, whilst I was desperately pee-dancing away and clutching myself whenever I thought Katie wasn't looking. In hindsight, I'm pretty sure that she and Daniel were into omorashi and that she was probably enjoying watching me look like a cartoon of the-kid-who-needs-to-pee. For my part, I was now becoming seriously worried that I wasn't going to be able to hold it and really might be at risk of pee'ing myself.

The walk back to the flat continued with my agony increasing until we were across the road from the bakery at the corner by the tower block. I had turned away from Katie to clench myself with both hands, and was still fighting the surge when she called me. As I turned to face her, I let go of myself and put my hands by my side whilst simultaneously feeling with horror a strange warm, wet sensation in my groin. There was no feeling of pee'ing, just a warm wetness, and I first I thought I was orgasming before I realised that I was dribbling wee into my underwear.

Although I didn't dare to hold myself again in case my shorts got wet, I was alarmed but not panicking; after all, I was 13, and could easily regain control if I bore the pain. To help, I quickly squatted down hoping that the movement would help; unfortunately, it had the opposite effect and I felt a sudden urge to take a dump. Mortified at the prospect of poo'ing myself, I concentrated with all my might on keeping my bottom closed. Mercifully, this was successful but at the expense of bladder control. I felt the slight dribble of wee turn into a distinct trickle that was leaving my erect penis and hitting the bottom of my belly before soaking into my underwear. Squatting on the pavement and wetting my pants, I figured that it was "game over" and was on the verge of letting go when Katie asked what I was doing.

I stole a glance down at my shorts, and to my amazement saw that they were still completely dry, with no sign at all of the pee that was flowing into my Y-fronts. As I answered that I was "taking a photo", I made another effort to regain bladder control and was rewarded by the flow stopping; encouraged, I got out my camera and took a "pushchair height" photo to justify myself. Having taken the photo, I stood up again to feel a small waterfall of pee that had pooled in the back of my shorts exit via the right leg and combine with another spurt that involuntarily came out. The pee made a 2-3 inch diameter puddle on the ground as I frantically struggled to regain control whilst Katie was distantly reminding me that I was going to go and buy bread, and that I needed to get it sliced. 

Upgrading the acceptability limit to include wetting myself as long as nobody could see, I pee'd into my shorts as I ran across the road into the bakery where I desperately hoped that there'd be a toilet. That wasn't the case, and instead I was greeted by a very long queue which I joined. Standing stock still at the back and trembling, I found that I was able to maintain bladder control again except for when the queue moved, at which point a little jet of pee would escape whenever I parted my legs to take a step forward. This happened with every single step (about ten of them), but wasn't visible to the shop staff because of the high counters or the customers because of the big queue. Eventually, I reached the front of the queue and had to order the bread. Repeating the German word for onion bread ("zweibelbrot") had the desired effect, but the woman behind the counter couldn't understand my attempts to say "sliced".

I tried to mime slicing bread, and found that the movement was too much for my poor bladder to cope with as I started to wet continuously. With a huge effort, I managed to ignore the ongoing wetting and finish the transaction before running out onto the pavement and deliberately peeing hard into my shorts for what felt like an eternity but was probably a few seconds, and then trying again to re-establish control. This was successful enough for me to be able to assess the situation, which was as follows: By some miracle, my shorts were still dry and I wasn't widdling myself any more, though my underwear was completely sodden, there were three pee streams running down the inside of my right thigh with one of them reaching my knee, Katie was a few hundred yards up the road towards the tower block, and I knew that I was seconds away from complete loss of control. 

I ran around behind the bakery hoping there might be a public toilet there, then back to the front where I paused and briefly wet myself again for a couple of seconds. Desperately looking for anything to help, I was almost at the point of letting go for the second time when I saw a litter bin next to a bench and in front of a wall which would hide my lower half from Katie. I raced to the bin, stood on tip-toe on my left foot, and put my right knee into the bin before starting to wee myself in as controlled a way as I could. Under the circumstances, this worked remarkably well and I was able to piddle down my leg for about 10 seconds with the streams joining into a little river that ran off my knee and into the bin without wetting my shorts. Unfortunately, although Katie couldn't see what I was doing, she could tell that I was just standing there and so she started calling for me to hurry up and stop dawdling.

Quenching the flow again, I caught up with Katie and Stefan. Piddling into the bin meant that I was significantly less desperate than before, and I was mostly able to keep control with just a few spurts escaping on occasion when particularly strong urges came; my underwear was obviously saturated, and so I opted to pee myself whenever the urges came instead of trying to hold it and getting my shorts wet. We reached the park, where Katie pointed out some boys playing football and told me that I could go and join them (oddly enough, I wanted nothing less). As we stood side-by-side at the fence, I took advantage of the situation by slowly wee'ing a bit more into my pants. 

This was less successful than the episode by the bin, as the streams of pee on my right thigh converged into a river which flowed into my shoe and some more streams of pee started to emerge down my left leg. On the plus side though, rather incredibly, my shorts were still completely dry, and I was even starting to hope that they might not show the wetness if I piddled myself slowly enough. Leaving the park, we finally got to the tower block where we needed to put the frozen food in the basement before returning to the flat. On entering the basement, Katie took the shopping to the freezer and I tried to find a corner where I could wet myself discretely. However, Katie wanted my help and so I dutifully loaded the freezer with her whilst desperately (but successfully) struggling to retain control. Eventually, the food was put away and we took the lift to the third floor because of Stefan's pushchair.

As the lift jolted upwards, another surge of pee came out. I made a feeble last-ditch attempt to stop it, which barely caused a very brief slowdown, and then finally let go completely and utterly. My dick felt like a geyser with piss exploding from it, and another look at my shorts confirmed the feeling as they succumbed to the torrent by changing colour to display a map of the underlying volcanism. The piss was pouring down my legs and into my shoes, and also raining from the front of my now-soaked shorts legs to splatter on the lift floor. I was standing behind Katie and the pushchair, so the devastation wasn't immediately visible to her and the lift noises masked the hissing, splattering and dripping sounds whilst I stood stock-still and pissed myself without any attempt to stop. 

It was a short lift ride, and I was still wetting myself when the doors opened. I hung back whilst Katie opened the flat door, then sprinted (still peeing) into the bathroom, locking the door and flinging open the toilet. At that point, I had another problem which was that I couldn't stop weeing for long enough to get my shorts down, so I continued to wet myself as I stood in front of the toilet. When I was finally able to stop, I pulled my shorts and underwear down then went to finish in the toilet, but I found that there was nothing left anyway.

Having finally relieved myself, a quick assessment showed that I had the classic "he's wet himself" pattern on my shorts, all my clothes were soaked in piss, there were sheets of piss covering my legs, and that Katie wanted to get into the bathroom. Without taking them off, I squeezed out my now-dark-yellow underpants into the toilet before pulling up my wet shorts, wiping my legs down, and scurrying to the living room where I sat down and tried to hide the very large wet patch in my shorts by untucking my shirt, pulling as much of the wet shorts fabric as I could between my legs, and holding my hands in my lap. I only left the sofa once for the rest of the day, which was when I had to pee; I thought about just wetting myself again to avoid having to stand up, but realised that the wet patch on the sofa would be a really big problem.

Sometime during the afternoon, Katie commented on the smell of wee, but then told the baby that he made the flat smell of dirty nappies. Eventually, the day was over and I was able to retreat to my bedroom. I immediately masturbated like crazy through my wet shorts and underpants before putting my pyjamas on (no, I didn't wash) and trying to work out what to do with my wet clothing. My mother had given me a bottle of orange squash for the journey, and so I loosened the top slightly before putting my pee-soaked things into the plastic bag the squash was in.

In the morning, after another masturbation session, I went to examine the plastic bag to try to decide what to do next. However, it was gone, and in it's place were my clothes, washed and dried. At breakfast, Katie said that my orange squash had leaked and so she'd washed my clothes, but a few things over the years now make me think that she was probably enjoying the whole show if not trying to orchestrate it.

