A Very Fun Study Break

Author: CamiLikesCupcakes

*000*2012-11-30 04:19

I feel like I should start off by saying that this experience story doesn't contain wetting or even much desperation, but is instead about experimentation with kink. Sorry if that's not what you want to hear.

###

Lately, I've developed a bit of a coffee addiction. I like the taste, but what I really like is the hyper, energetic rush I get from it for a few hours afterward. I woke up super tired this morning, and I knew that I had a ton of Advanced Literature homework to do before Friday, which made me feel like just going back to bed. Instead, I drank 3 cups of coffee throughout the day; one iced frappucino during my morning class, and two cups of black coffee between 1 pm and 3 pm. All of that caffiene gave me the abundant energy I was aiming for, but it also did a number on my bladder, and I've been peeing constantly since this morning.

I got home from school around 3:30 and started working on my homework around 4:30. I tried to sit down and concentrate, but it was hard because I had to take a bathroom break every 15 minutes or so. Around 7:00 pm I was still having to take constant pee breaks, despite the fact that I'd only had a bit of water since I got home. I was kind of irritated by this point, so I decided that I wasn't going to take another break until I'd made significant progress. Not even half an hour later I was needing to pee again, but I kept my promise to myself and refused to get up. Instead, I focused on my work and managed to put my need out of my head for about another hour or so. But by 8:30 I was seriously uncomfortable, and by 8:45 I couldn't sit still; I had my hand on my crotch and kept squirming my hips from side to side. By 9:00 I'd let a few small spurts into my undies, but I was almost done with my work and decided that I could take a break.

So I went into the bathroom, having to squeeze myself as I walked, and bounce up and down in place as I unzipped my pants. I was just going to sit on the toilet and wee, but I had a better idea. I'd worked so hard, I deserved a little reward, right? I've been really, really hot about the idea of golden showers lately, but since I'm single, I've come up with an alternative; I'll lay on the floor on my back, bring my hips and legs up so my knees are almost touching the floor, and let loose. It feels nice to have the pee run down your stomach and chest and even get on your face a little. I've only tried this once before, and I was clothed. But as I said, I figured that I deserved a reward.

So I stripped down to nothing and layered three towels on the floor, laying on them and bringing my hips up to the point where I could touch my knees to my face if I tilted my head forward. Let me tell you, it was really hard getting into position while I was so desperate. But once I got into position, it was equally hard to get the flow going. After a moment of trying to relax, urine started trickling down, making little golden trails down my stomach. I moaned, it felt so warm and wet and good, and I pushed to make the pee come out faster. It formed a pretty little arc of pale yellow liquid and started splattering onto the corner of my mouth.

I initially sealed my lips tight, I've had experience with horrid-tasting pee in the past. But it was right near my nose and the smell was tempting me, it smelled salty and just a little bit sweet. As weird as it sounds, the smell kind of reminded me of buttered popcorn for some reason. After a few seconds of this scent teasing my nostrils I decided to risk a taste. I parted my lips slightly and let a little bit flow into my mouth, and surprisingly, it tasted good. 

When I say "it tasted good", I certainly don't mean it's a flavor I would want to taste a lot of, but it definitely wasn't unpleasant; it was mostly diluted and just a little bit salty. After that, I closed my mouth again and continued peeing all over my face and hair for another moment, and it felt divine. I closed my eyes and tried to imagine that some handsome guy was peeing on me, but oddly enough, opening my eyes and watching that pale yellow stream flow out of me was much more exciting than any fantasy I could come up with.

