Wettings: Emergency Medical Services

Author: realmadrid

*000*2015-06-16 00:51

It is not often that I divulge information about my personal life on this site, but I felt like this story would warrant my publication. First, I'll tell you a little about myself. I'm a straight guy, early twenties, and pretty fit. I personally do not do wetting or desperation, (although I have tried it when I was younger), but of course I love when women wet themselves. I do not care if it is on purpose or by accident, as long as they do not get emotionally harmed in the process. Further, I am a college student, but my passion is working as an emergency medical technician (EMT). Now, for those who do not know, this is a line work that goes from zero to a million in a second. One can go from having a week worth of 8 hour shifts, and receiving just a couple of trivial, non-emergency calls, all the way to having 15 critical, extremely stressful calls in the course of 6 hours.

Thus, you might imagine that on a good day, all would have eaten well, rested, and used the bathroom at intervals considered normal for a perfectly average human being. Likewise, on an extremely busy day, one would expect the contrary. Of course, I won’t bore you with my antics of getting food on the fly, or with stories of lost sleep. Instead, I will indulge you with one story (and maybe others in the future) that embodies this forum’s spirit. Without doubt, I will reveal a story about the day one of my female partners did the unthinkable ;) , and did not even mind.

The story goes as follows: my EMT partner (who I will call Francesca for security purposes), and I signed up to work an 8 hour shift together as have been doing every week, for the last year. The day was frigid, and snow was expected to fall heavily that night. Combining this knowledge with the fact that the college in our district was expecting to have one of the biggest party nights of the semester, we knew were in for a shit-storm (literally!).

Anyway, we both arrived at the station, and put on our uniforms; dark black tactical pants, black waterproof tactical boots, and dark colored job shirts affixed with all of our patches. We then proceeded to perform a check of equipment on board the truck, and received our briefing/pep talk from the duty-officer. Then suddenly, not a minute had passed since we were finished being briefed, already the tones had dropped and we were being summoned to our first call for an elderly woman who had slipped on some ice. Easy, we took her to the hospital, and began our way back to the station. That’s when I noticed Francesca start to fidget in her seat, so I asked her what was wrong.

“Nothing, I just really need to pee a little. I didn’t get a chance after the briefing,” she answered.

So, I reassured her that we would be back soon, and that she would be able to do so in the station. That’s when dispatch requested us to respond to the outskirts of the adjacent, rural municipality. Immediately, Francesca rolled her eyes and gave me a very unsatisfied look. I told her I was sorry, and we proceeded to the scene.

Much to everyone’s disdain, upon our arrival, the fire chief at the accident told us we were no longer needed. Now, we were forced to return to our district, which was a good twenty minutes away under normal driving conditions (now the roads were starting to freeze up), so driving time had obviously increased. By this point, I could see her getting desperate; I didn’t know what to do. The town had some stores, but we passed them 10 minutes before, so they were not an option. Pulling over for her to squat on the side of the road, hell no in this age of instant social media. We both knew that she would have to brave the time of travel back to the station…….(To be continued, if there is interest? ;) )

*013*2015-06-18 23:51

As our truck slowly crawled through the icy pothole-filled, mountainous road back to quarters, Francesca became more and more impatient with me. First, came the short, sporadic glances, then the longer stares, and then finally the feverous glares. I desperately wanted to say something comforting, but I was speechless. All until this event, I had always suspected that in the case of such a circumstance, I would be massively and uncontrollably turned-on. However, I could only feel sympathy for her, and thoughts of anything remotely sexual were completely vanished from my mind. In fact, the only thoughts I could muster at that time were about returning to quarters.

However, I would not be writing this story if it had ended with a successful (and dry) arrival at the station, and true to this notion it was not, because immediately upon entering our first due (home district) the tones dropped. Immediately, the adrenaline began to rush as our Motorola Minitor voice pagers began to play our squad’s tones. Then, the dispatcher in his official voice announced that we were to respond with the fire department to the other side of town for an unresponsive bariatric (fat) patient. Immediately, I activated the lights and sirens, and notified dispatch that we were responding. The news absolutely destroyed my partner, she became absolutely hopeless; she was in such tremendous pain that I thought she would explode right there.

“You’ll be alright,” I commented, because that was all that I could manage to say.

“Thanks, but I just don’t know.” She responded.

About six minutes later, we arrived at the patient’s house. We entered the house together with the police and the firefighters; long story short, the man was not in any need of medical care and never would. After appropriately transferring the scene to the paramedics*** and police, we returned to our truck thinking that we were finally going to be given a rest.

Interestingly, Francesca had not shown any signs of desperation while we were at the patient’s (probably, this was an effect of the adrenaline). However, once we sat down, she leaned forward in her seat, with her stomach practically lying on thighs. She had jammed her right hand right into the crotch of her tactical pants. Also, I could see she was tightly clenching her thighs together.

“Please drive,” she whispered.

I obliged, but my desires are nothing compared to those of the county communications office. Immediately, her request for salvation was nullified, dispatch was sending us to the college for the unwanted but expected heavily intoxicated person.

Upon our arrival at the college, we were greeted by a very unruly campus policeman, who greeted us with a little bit of dark humor.

“Hey guys, we got you a good one tonight. Make sure to double glove, and be careful she’s a little pissy.”

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“You’ll see.” He chuckled.

So, I got the stretcher, and rolled it towards the automatic doors. My partner hobbled along, probably thinking she was going to let go any second. Luckily (for first time of the night), the intoxicated person was a short and blonde, stereotypical sorority girl who was on the first floor, so we would not have to deal with any stairs. However, that is where our luck ended, because she was on the ground prone in piles of vomit and fecal matter. The first sign of this was the unbearable stench I had noticed down the hallway. Anyway, we did what he had to do; we removed her from the bodily fluids, wrapped her in clean sheets, and placed her onto the stretcher.

Shortly thereafter, she was in back of the ambulance. Due to her own predicament, my partner had asked me to assist with getting the first set of vitals, and said she would do the rest as I drove to the hospital. So, I started to do a part of the secondary examination to look for any missed life threats, while Francesca obtained the blood pressure of the patient. Suddenly, I heard a hissing noise and some liquid splashing on the ground. I knew it was my partner, but when I turned my head it was surprisingly not. The patient was unknowingly urinating on herself, but not only on herself.

The piss had leaked through the sheets the patient was wrapped in, and dripped on the middle of Francesca’s right thigh. It then had streaked onto her knee.

In an upbeat sarcastic voice, she said something like: You’re fucking kidding me! I thought my pants were going to be wet, because of me. Now they’re fucking drenched, because of some dumb bitch who doesn’t know how to drink.

At this point, even though Francesca had not peed herself yet, we both knew she wouldn’t make it, because at this point she wasn’t even mad anymore. She was just laughing and cracking jokes. So I joined in the humor, and I said something…

“Haha, well I guess if you did [pee], then nobody would really notice now would they?”

At this moment, Francesca was on her knees and clenching her thighs, while getting some more sheets for the patient from a knee-level compartment.

“Nope, they would not.” She jokingly answered with a smile.

I smiled in jest, and turned around to walk into driver’s cabin of the ambulance, and then I heard that hissing noise again. I figured it was patient again, but when I turned around it wasn’t.

Francesca was still her knees, but now she was squeezing her pussy straight through pants. Not only that, but I could now see a dark yellow puddle forming around her knees on the beige-colored floor surface of the ambulance. Her pee was cascading through her fingers, and continuing to pool all around her knees. She was thoroughly inundated with urine, and she did not even care. I was speechless, and I did not say a single word. Still with a bit of a smile on her face, she nodded her head after she finished and calmly told me to start driving to the hospital.

That was the last call of the night, and we didn’t talk about anything until we returned to the station at the end of the shift. After we parked the truck, both of us washed out the washable floors, changed the sheets, sanitized everything, and restocked all missing supplies for the next shift.

The final task of the shift (now morning) was to change into street clothes, so we went to the locker room to change. Notably, we have one single locker room for both men and women, so unless there is a major age difference or problem, partners carelessly change together (that’s just EMS sometimes!). Anyway, to cut to the chase, when she took off her pants, I could see her white cotton panties were still drenched and transparent.

Now, this made me hard, but I did not want her to see this, because we were just friends. Thus, I turned around a little, and coincidentally she began to take them off. Basically, I just made it seem like I was giving her some privacy while she was naked (she didn’t care if I did turn around and she never asked me to do so, but I felt it was the right thing to do).

Later, on the way to our cars, she told me something, which I am still confused about.

“I hope we can always have some more fun!”

Sadly, I have not seen her since last February, but last week she notified me that she would be coming back for a month to my area. This is the reason that I was inspired to post my experience.

No, I didn’t have wet sex or a threesome with wetting models, but at the time of this experience, I had finally seen somebody purposefully wet themselves! I will never see anything like this again, I am sure of it, but I will always remember it.

**paramedics are more advanced emt's, with thousands of hours of training.

***Any questions, please ask, it is rare that I write in this section, so give me some feedback.

*018*2015-06-19 20:41

{{:

I thoroughly enjoyed you story, thank you for posting it. However, I seriously hope you don't tell her about your sharing her accident with the omo world!

}}

Probably wouldn't unless we really got into a relation

{{:

Very exciting incident, thanks for sharing it!

I have to say I really admire her professionality, as she obviously didn´t "freak out" at all, when she finally wet herself, but completely kept her composure at this very moment and also afterwards! I admire her discipline!

Just one "technical" question: I always thought these ambulance cars are full of any kind of containers - though most probably not for peeing into it, but maybe she could have used something by "improvising"...?

}}

Yes, well I don't know what was going through her mind, and all I can say is that writing all of this out makes it all sound so dramatic. May

