It's A Story But A Good One

Author: 4321

*000*2012-03-30 06:41

A couple of years ago i studied at Brighton university (a sea side town). In the summer there are thousands of people and barely enough space around the towels to build a sand castle! However, in winter it becomes a cold and desolate place where only those who live there 365 days a year are visible. During the winter months all of the amusements and pier facilities were locked up as there was not enough tourists to keep it worth opening.

This is the part where this predicament benefitted me immensely. My appartment was located a couple of streets away from the main promenade and about 2 or 3 minutes walking distance from the pebbled beach.

I was bringing back some shopping from the supermarket, as I was struggling to balance my bags and unlock the door a woman came up to me and asked if she could use my bathroom. I thought about it as I have heard stories about people who fool you to get into your house and then go and steal or your valuables! So I tried to see if her desperation was genuine. I asked her for her name, age and asked her to give me something valuable to look after so that I could be happy that she was genuine.She happily obliged as her desperation had turned her to dispair. Her name was Emma and she was 19 and extremely pretty. She was wearing tight blue jeans and a big outdoor jacket.

My apartment was on the top floor so we had to climb three flights of stairs in order to reach it. In this time I tried to make conversation, however she was obviously focusing her attention on keeping her pee inside of her and not on my small talk. Although she did give a small rant about how it was ridiculous to not have any public toilets in the near vicinity for about a 20 minute walk. I asked her why did she let herself get so desperate if there were no public toilets around. Her answer was, that it was embarrassing and seeing as I was a stranger would probably be quite disgusted. I said "try me!" so she reluctantly told me that she enjoyed holding her pee for as long as possible and then getting to the toilet with seconds to spare. I was in shock, not because I thought it was disgusting or weird but because I too shared the same fetish. I told her that I did this too but unfortunately had never had the pleasure of accompaniment.

By this time we had reached my door, I lengthened the process of getting out my keys and unlocking the door. In the hope that maybe, just maybe she might loose control. She didnt. Before I showed her to the bathroom I said, I wouldnt usually do this but how often do you come across somebody who has the same fetish as yourself who just happens to be in your apartment? I asked her if she would mind playing a little game. She accepted! I commanded her to take her hand away from her hand for 10 seconds and sit on the floor with her legs spread out. She managed it, but barely. She then got up and spontaneously sat on my lap and let a hot spurt pour out. I was in ecstasy. She acted very helpless and asked me if I could help her hold. I willingly held her tight feeling the warmth of the recently escaped pee. She found her way into my room and took out a tracksuit and changed into it so that she didn't have to go home with wet jeans.

In the bedroom I have a door to my bathroom, she wandered in. As soon as she saw the toilet her desperation intensified by 100. But instead of giving in she hopped into the bath. She ordered me to get in and take of my jeans. She took of my sweat pants. She admitted how aroused she felt and began to rub herself, forwards and backwards and again forwards and backwards. Then she changed direction and used her index and middle finger to plunge inside her hole whilst circling her clit with her other hand.

She reached her climax. She recovered and then she ordered me to help and i went down with my tongue lapping up some of her juices i kept going until she orgasmed again. She let out a little bit of pee just to tease me and sat up. My insides were so tense and body so aroused i needed her. She read mind and began rubbing me with until I shuddered and collapsed back breathless with the intensity of it all. By this point I knew that she was going to loose control at any point. She took her top revealing her braless chest I moved in and caressed her nipples, she groaned with pleasure. She took off my top and massaged my breasts. She moved in closer and sat on my lap chest to chest. She moved her body up and down slightly a few times before letting it all go. Just before she had finished she moved up to my mouth and left a little there. I cleaned up some of her swollen pussy, before I pulled her into the shower for some more fun.

