Desperate Day

Author: 123Jaz

*000*2014-10-26 20:48

Hi all, I'm sorry I haven't made any posts as of late, I've been feeling rather unwell for quite a while now, but I'm on the mend now. Anyhow, there is no actual wetting in this, just desperation.

So anyway, I woke up and because it was a Saturday morning I decided to have a long lie in and so I didn't pee since I was so comfortable. To my annoyance after lying in for about 4 hours until about midday, my dad called up to me to tell me we were leaving in 5 minutes for my granparents! So I had to rush to get dressed and do my hair and makeup, and as always in my stories I skipped going to the bathroom because it took me five minutes just to do my makeup! I dressed into a pair of black leggings with black satin brazillian panties, a white tank top and a black bra (Oops, in my rush I picked the wrong colour bra for the shirt I was wearing, but somehow managed to make my panties and bra for once).

My grandparents house is about 40 minutes away unless there is a lot of traffic, which on this occasion there was! I didn't need to go that bad at this point, but I had been holding it a good 14 hours then, so I sat there fidgeting a little with my hand resting on my thigh in case I suddenly needed to hold myself. About 50 minutes into the journey I felt a sudden wave of desperation so I quickly moved my hand upwards and squeezed, wary about my younger brother who was sat two seats away from me. I jiggle my legs to the music that was on the radio and tried to concentrate on what my brother and dad were talking about, football I think.

After an eternity we got to my grandparents but instead of being able to run the toilet straight away my dad told me to make sure my nan didn't come out (my dad was doing the garden - they have a massive garden, bigger than their actual house - and my nan often tries to help, but she's too old to be doing that anymore) and told me to put on a dvd and watch it with her and watched me do it! Silly me picked a series and three episodes later I was about to explode! I'd spent the first episode sat awkward on my foot so my heel was pushing against my privates. Then the second with my hand discretely between my legs since the first position had become uncomfortable and I remained that way until the end of the third episode when my nan announced that she should go and check on my grandad who was in his study so I took that oppurtunity to excuse myself to go to the bathroom.

But, I never use the downstairs bathroom since my grandad has problems and when he has to go he has to go and I'd hate to be chucked out of the bathroom (especially since I had to go so bad) or make him have an accident, so I had to take a hike up their steep stairs to use the ensuite bathroom connected to my grandparents room. With every step I took I little leak escaped me and I had to stop at every step to push my fingers against my peehole and when I reached the top of the stairs I ran as quietly as I could (my granparents house is old and creeky and I had made enough noise climbing the stairs as it was) across the landing and through their bedroom and into their bathroom. I had a bit of trouble locking the door since it was one where you pulled the little bolt across and it was rather still, so ultimately I decided it was fine to leave the door unlocked since my grandparents were downstairs and my brother and dad were outside. 

I managed to get my leggings and panties down easily but when I sat down I quickly stood back up again because I realised the seat was up (bloody men!). So shoving a hand between my legs I pulled the toilet seat down quickly but quietly, as I was doing so I started to pee down my leg so I tried to hurry stuff up a little and ended up just dropping the toilet seat down and making a rather loud clang which I hoped hadn't been heard. I hurriedly sat down and peed for about two minutes.

After I finished peeing I wiped my leg and then pulled my panties up and looked in the mirror assessing the damage to them, they felt soaking but the material looked dry and when I pulled my leggings up they felt slightly damp and looked dry and as if I hadn't peed a bit in them.

Luckily, no one seemed to realise my predicament (:

*002*2014-10-26 22:04

{{ 

Brilliant, as always! Glad to see that you're back with more experiences to share, sorry to hear that you've been suffering but even more glad that you're getting better now

}}

Thank you! Me too, thanks, it was just a common cold made 100x worse by my asthma, but I'm pretty sure it's almost gone now (:

*005*2014-10-26 23:09

{{ 

Great story! Glad you are feeling better. I thought any kind of panty except a thong under leggings made a panty line in the leggings. Do your brazillian panties make panty lines in the leggings? Do you want panty lines to show in your leggings? (I think some women do.)

}}

It depends, some of them that I have are lace so they don't show, but the other one I have are kind of satiny, and I imagine they do create a panty line, although no one has ever commented. I don't really care either way, but I like seeing them on other women!

*008*2014-10-27 09:42

{{ 

Me too, I love panty lines, they are so sexy and when you mentioned leggings and panties in the story my imagination went on overload

}}

They really are, it just makes you wonder what's underneath ;)

{{ 

Great job Jaz! I only wish I could have been there to hold you up as you were running up the stairs...

}}

Thank you! Hehehe

*010*2014-10-27 12:13

{{ 

I love the tease factor, i see so many girls who are wearing leggings that are thin and see through which i like cos you can see their underwear, but when you can just see the outline, like you say, it makes my mind wander what they actually are.

}}

I dance, and we wear leggings, and some girls I can see their underwear and others just the outline and it drives me crazy!

*012*2014-10-27 18:41

{{ 

Why would it matter if someone heard you put the seat down?

}}

I have a thing about making noise when I'm using the bathroom, specifically the lack of it. I hate people knowing when I'm using the bathroom unless it's someone that likes omo. Do you know what I mean?

*014*2014-10-27 22:02

{{ 

I do particularly like the leggings thing, or tights (not wearing them personally!). No idea why, but I'm sure that the tease factor has something to do with it - a bit of a sense of mystery that just isn't present with a pair of loose fitting trousers. I'd be well over the moon if you'd happen to have a swimsuit experience any time soon too...!

}}

Yeah I know what you mean! I'm not quite sure when I'll next be wearing a swimsuit since it's winter and all!

{{ 

I think I know what you mean. I've always been really shy about admitting my need - almost like admitting defeat - so much prefer to disappear quietly and do the deed without anyone noticing if at all possible.

}}

Exactly my problem.

*016*2014-10-28 13:34

{{ 

Haha, yes, you'd have to be particularly brave, outdoors at least! I love the thought of it though, all that water, no way of hiding any sort of pee-dancing and certainly no subtle way of sneaking a hand in for a quick grab. I've got a fantastic semi-fictional story in my head (not sure whether it'd be quite so fantastic in words) inspired by a visit to the waterpark at one of the big theme parks - in there for a few hours, plenty of drinks, queues for slides and things...and the temptation to hold on for 'just one more go' on the slide before the queues close .

}}

Maybe during the summer there'll be something to tell!

*018*2014-10-30 08:46

{{ 

I absolutely love seeing panty lines, if only women knew how sexy they were, instead of following fashions that say they are taboo...

}}

I'm pretty certain I have panty lines all the time, and probably did that day!

*020*2014-10-30 15:47

{{ 

Wonderful story, much like your others! And I agree with everyone else above seeing panty lines is always a welcomed little surprise, I see it like a little tease and I love it!

}}

Thank you very much!!

