Heavy wetter

Author: Peeundies

*000*2014-03-28 20:30

Hi everybody, i have always been a pantwetter since an early age so without knowing i am always been part of this community. My early memories start when i was 5 or 6, even though i was put out of diapers at early age maybe too young, i started having accidents again at primary school. I remember entering a new school and i was so shy that would never dare to ask for permission to go to the bathroom, so there i was sitting in the back of the class, holding my crotch and wondering what would be to wet my brand new cartoon undies ( yes i loved cartoon undies and used to wear until i was 14 or so) and completly desperate to pee.

Actually, I dind'nt want to ask the teacher because it was a french school so i was just starting to learn and was too shameful to ask in a languaje that i didn't speak properly. Eventually, with my hands inside my trousers pressing against my crotch area, the accident happened and started the warm sensation that you feel in pee accidents, at the begginning little spurts that starting sizing a wet spot the size of a tennis ball and soon after, i realized it was too late and with many kids watching a big sound started sounding on the air and pee started floading all my chair, my butt, my socks and even my t-shirt was soaked and of course there was a big puddle arround my chair. I was too afraid about other people noticing, specially a cute girl sitting next to me. 

But being a kid, i sort of invented the first excuse that came to my mind, " It is apple juice", i said, some kids believed at what i was saying but then the smell was too obvious. So finally the teacher, said " I think we have a baby",actually it was not the first accident, many other kids had suffered accidents as well but the puddle wasn't that big. So as punishment i was made to remove my pants and i sit there in the corner in my yellowed white briefs until the end of the class. I still remember the exact feelings at this moment, unfortunatelly that was only the first accident, then came many others that i will tell in another storie ;))

