Introducing my girlfriend to wetting

Author: Sol

*000*2012-12-18 18:16

Hi everyone! This is my first post on this forum. I am really excited as I have been reading and enjoying your beautiful stories for a year or so now.

I am a 26 year old guy, living in Northern Europe. For as long as I can remember I have been attracted, or maybe I should say obsessed, with girls wetting themselves or being desperate to pee. So when I met my girlfriend I was determined to tell her about my fetish as I felt like it was such an important part of my sexuality.

When I met Katie 3,5 years ago she was 20 years old and was just about to begin her university studies. She is super cute (at least I think so..), quite short but with a nice figure, long brown hair. One of the things that attracted me to her was her playfulness, so I was hoping that she would not run away when I broke the news about my fetish... I think I told her a few months into our relationship, and to my great relief she was super positive about. It was not like it was a secret fetish for her also, but she immediately said she wanted to try it out with me. She even said that she thought it would have been crazy if I didnt tell her!

And so began our experiments with omorashi. The first time she wet herself for me was on vacation in Paris. We had a big hotel room to ourselves, and on the first day of our trip she told me that she was going to pee har pants for me. It was only early in the day, and I knew I had to wait untli we got back to our room that evening. I was of course overjoyed, and super turned on as she teased me and whispered in my ear that she was getting more and more desperate. She had been drinking a lot the whole day, and when we finally got back to our room I think she was already bursting. She was wearing tight blue jeans and cute girly panties, blue I think. 

At first it was hard for her to let go, but soon a little wet spot appeared in her crotch. She had a really full bladder, so once she had started, she had no way of stopping it. She totally flooded her jeans and made a huge puddle on the floor. I almost came where I was standing and was quick to take her pants off to touch her soaking cotton panties.. The best thing about it was that she really enjoyed it too! She really liked the build up before the release, as it sort of reminded her of the dynamics of having sex. And she really enjoyed the warm sensation too.

Once she had tried it, there was no going back! She really enjoyed the fact that it turned me on so much, it must have been like discovering you have some kind of magic power to instantly turn your boyfriend on. I think she wet her jeans for me every night of that long weekend in Paris. The days we spent drinking wine and talking about omorashi, the evenings were reserved for omorashi games in our hotel room.

This was the beginning of a great, intimate relationship. Since then Katie has wet herself for me on countless occations. I will tell those stories later if you enjoy this little introduction :)

*008*2012-12-20 18:20

Thanks for the nice feedback guys! I will write some more soon :) Seems like a lot more people than you would think are having sucess sharing their fetish with a partner. I would really encourage it! Remember that the biggest turn-on is turning somone else on :)

