More fun with my girlfriend...

Author: thinkdeeply

*000*2013-03-16 16:29

A couple months ago I made a thread, describing how I had revealed my fetish to my girlfriend and she had indulged me. Well, she's done it a few times since that first memorable night, but Valentine's day was something else. Even though it fell in the middle of the week this year we both managed to get off work for a couple days so I sprung for a night in a hotel room on the beach.

We spent the evening hanging out on the balcony having drinks. Eventually it got dark and we moved to the bedroom for our kinky fun that night. We fooled around for a while, and my girlfriend, now quite intoxicated, decided to initiate things. She was kissing my ear and whispered "Why don't we go to the shower?"

We walked into the spacious bathroom, got in the tub, both standing. My girfriend (who is quite petite, about 5'2, 100 lbs) was wearing black lace panties and white stockings with her brown hair in pigtails. We stood there making out when she grabbed my hand and placed it on her crotch. It took her a little while to start going but suddenly I felt the warmth on my hand. It was coming out in dribbles, as she hasn't done this much and is still a bit shy.

However, things changed suddenly when she stopped kissing me, grabbed my hair, and started pushing me down. I laid down in the tub and she squatted over my chest, smiling deviously. She closed her eyes and after a few seconds started wetting her panties again right on my chest. It was incredible and she was clearly enjoying it too. After a minute or so I thought she was done, but then she grabbed my hair again and pulled my face to her crotch. Now, I'm not too crazy about the idea of consuming urine, but I was enjoying the hell out of it and was content to let her guide me. I put my mouth on the crotch of her panties and she started dribbling a little bit more, finally increasing to a full flow. As she did this I was licking her through her panties, and in no time she was gripping my head with her thighs and orgasiming.

After she recovered I stood up, she kissed me and said "Happy Valentine's day sweetie."

We spent the next several hours having sex in multiple positions and locations until we passed out.

In retrospect, I was stunned that she was willing to do that. It makes me incredibly happy that she's become so comfortable with my fetish and is so willing to indulge me.

Well, just thought I'd share my experience here. I've asked her if she'd be willing to wet in jeans or shorts sometime, but she's still not fully on board with wetting while fully dressed. If anything progresses there I'll definitely be retelling it on this forum.

Cheers!

