Diving Wetting

Author: Innate Tangent

*000*2011-01-06 04:36

This one time I went on a SCUBA Dive in cold water. So cold that despite my 7mm full wetsuit, I was freezing my ass off. So cold that after 45 minutes it gave me a headache and my bones sore.

Now the thing you have to know about a 7mm semi-dry suit (don't ask me why they call it that when you still get wet) is that it's difficult to take on and off by yourself. The dry zipper is horizontally across your sholders and it requires a large amount of force in a particular direction in order to open, so normally your dive buddy (who's job it is to make sure you don't die) does that for you and you do that for them. (along with helping them to put on the 30kg BCD(backback) and tank.

So anyway I got suited up a bit too early and didn't go to the bathroom. Although I did already have an interest in omorashi at this time so that may have had a hand in it aswell. Anyway on the first dive of the day everything was cool, untill about halfway when my secondary reg got caught in the webbing of my BCD. The purge button got pressed and it vented about half my air (which actually wasn't that big of a deal, I don't consume very much air, compared to my buddy). The dive went fine. it was fairly shallow so it wasn't too cold.

Then I got the chance to go on a second dive off a boat, so of course, I said yes (glancing ashamedly at my air gauge). On this dive we went down to about 25m so it was much colder (not only that, the neoprene in your suit has tiny air bubbles in it, to trap heat, but these compress as you go down, making the suit less effective the deeper you go).

It's strange when you get into the water in a semi-dry suit, as it takes about 3 minutes for you to actually get wet.

By this time my bladder was very full. So there I was 25m down 45 minutes in, shallow breathing my tank (so I was slightly light headed), and so cold I was worried about hypothermia. I would say that my bladder felt sore, but quite honestly I was too numb to feel anything. I released my bladder and it felt awesome, words can do little to describe it. I peed full force and the wetsuit deflected it all around my lower abdomen. It felt boiling hot against my numb skin and I shuddered as it happened. The heat felt so good, wraping itself around my spine. I closed my eyes and hung in zero-g as it happened experincing the euphoria, hearing the blood rush through my ears. It was all I could do not to grab my crotch right there.

I finished the dive (with my air within the safety margin, yay!) and no-one was the wiser (well until I told you just now) :). I actually have quite a few stories like this.

I can assure you that this is completely real - but you can think what you like.

*002*2011-01-06 09:50

The great thing about a wetsuit is that 'it' stays warm for a long time :)

*004*2011-01-07 12:23

{{:

Wow, that sounds like a truly incredible experience. I've never thought about diving, but when I see it put like this... hmm.

}}

The 'zero-g' experiance of SCUBA diving is increadible even without peeing. Add in the amazing feeling of breathing underwater and I would recomend it to anyone. In addition SCUBA seems to be one of the only adult activities during which peeing yourself is socially acceptable, even to discuss with others. Depending on who you dive with, you still have to judge the situation and use tact. They might playfully give you a hard time, but no-one's grossed out, most people will admit to doing it, at least on occassion.

This one time out of a boat with 12 other people 8 boys, 4 girls, waiting inbetween dives to lower our blood nitrogen level, we discussed peeing for probably about 20 minutes (and no-one else had a fetish that I knew about). People told stories about people who had acidentally wet dry suits (sticky) during a technical dive (much deeper + longer + more difficult). People said they needed to pee and just hung waist deep in the water to do so. Particularly the girls, guys too though, seeing as both sexes had to strip naked to the claves if they wanted to free pee (which one guy did as we was wearing a dry suit). The dive instructor had a story about a couple of guys with way to much money who had their dry suits set up with external catheters (and one of them fell off, much to the amusement of their team mates). One story even had scat, alothough this was in an exteme circumstance involving a medical emergency.

I could barely believe my luck, I wasn't even the person who steared the conversation in that direction, it started because we were assuring one of the girls (who had to pee) that it was OK to go in her suit. Imagaine that, 12 people randomly selected discussing peeing totally openly. Once the ice was broken no-one had a problem with it.

Once again I can assure you of the total acuraccy of this story.

I might even peice togeter this dive/conversation into a mostly true omorashi fic if people think that's a good idea

*007*2011-01-08 14:52

{{:

I would love to being able to have that experience *-*, i have always wanted to pee on a pool, but i just couldn't >.<

}}

Why not? Shy bladder?

*009*2011-01-09 13:49

{{:

It happens that i'm affraid someone would notice >.<

}}

It's actually really difficult for people to notice, in fact, when I was on a swim squad (compeditive level training group) I peed almost every session, and not even the people less than 1 meter away from me noticed.

I would actually hold it before hand so that I could have the chance to pee in the pool.

If you've ever heard of those chemicals in pools that are supposed to change colour in the presence of urine, they're an urban myth. No such chemical exists. Ask at your local pool shop and they will laugh at you :)

*011*2011-01-10 02:31

{{:

Ohhh, then some day when i got the courage i'll try n.n

I'd like to know if u have wet your bed while sleeping >////< sorry if the question is inapropiate, or bothers you in any way >.< i'm just courious, so u don't have to answer if u feel unconfortable n.n and sorry for the long reply xD

}}

There's not really many questions that would be inapropriate on this site.

The answer, not since I was six or seven or so. And that was just one time. I was having a pretty awesome dream at the time though :)

I have a very vivid memory from when I wet the bed one time (It's one of the only things I can remember from before I was 8, I think I was like six or something at the time, though I can't say for sure given that I don't remember anything surrounding it. It goes something like this:

I'm dreaming of a bathroom complex, I can see the whole 3D shape and manipulate it, the design is crazy, there is a circular urinal platform on a spire sitting in the middle of a void which drops away into blackness. Which is accessed via a three equally spaced narrow bridges. There is a half dozen levels and each has its own layout of toilets, some of them are really strange, with seats which were like saddles, but you sat down in a notch and the seat came up between your legs up to your chest and up your back so that you didn't have to aim.

While I was designing it I felt I really had to pee, so suddenly I was in the complex as well as outside it. And I went to one of the saddle toilets and I started peeing, but I was never empty, so I got up again and started designing, and then I used one of the urinals, and finished, but then felt that I had to pee again, so I sat down on the toilet again and started peeing and I felt really dizzy and started to pass out.

But as I passed out I woke up in my bed and everything was spinning, I felt so amazing, the relief was so total that I couldn't think of anything else The pee was pulsing out of me and I hugged my teddy closer. I felt warm and dizzy and euphoric and I never wanted it to stop.

Then it did of course - and it started to cool and I realized with horror what I had done.

I told a friend about it one time - when we were deep into the trading secrets game. I didn't tell him that it turned me on, just how great it felt - and he agreed. Said that he had felt the same way when he was younger and wet the bed. That's as far as it went though - as we went through highschool I though he might actually be into omorashi, he once bragged, seemingly for no reason, about how long he could hold it before going the the toilet (13 hours), and one time he peed in a bottle, also for no reason (except to be 'random' as he called it) - but I was too afraid to ever ask him though.

*013*2011-01-10 04:00

{{:

I've met so many people who believe that the chemical that shows up when you pee exists, and they tell their kids as well, so I feel a little sorry for them because they get all skittish when they swim in the pool I used to go too >_<

And the only way for someone to notice is if they were staring at your crotch while under the water, and I don't think most people would be doing that openly xD

}}

So long as you are sufficiently hydrated, it's almost invisible, even if they are staring at your crotch.

*016*2011-01-10 11:06

{{:

Ohhh i see, what a complex dream u had =O but there was one thing i'm missing >.< u were awaken when u peed right¿ and were u dressed in the dream¿

Thank u for asking n.n

}}

Yes, in the dream I was wearing jeans, but I had them pulled down.

*019*2011-01-11 10:27

{{:

Mmhmm.. I always ended up drinking a load of pool water (I thought it tasted nice) so I ended up peeing alot while I was in the pool ^^

}}

Well peeing in the pool is perfectly fine, but I definately wouldn't recomend you drink the water (regardless of whether ther is pee in it) the clorine is poisonous. It probably won't kill you, but still, not a great idea.

{{:

Yesterday i had a dream in wich i was talking with my brother, and when my mother entered the room and i was wearing a wet diaper, the strangest part was that in the dream i thought to myself "it's strange neither my mom or my brother noticed". ii enjoyed that dream n.n

}}

That sounds like a great dream.

{{:

Can you see the pee?

}}

Spam much?

*022*2011-01-12 15:52

{{:

Chlorine is only poisonous while in a gaseous form, and the amounts present in pool water is minuscule, no where near enough too kill you, unless you drank a huge amount (you'd probably die from water-poisoning first to be honest.. xD)

Normally if I could I'd leave the pool and go to sit down on a plastic chair somewhere, I could easily pee myself there and noone would question the water underneath me, and it felt so good x3

}}

Dude I just said that it wasn't 'recomended' I did say it wouldn't kill you. The concentration in the pool is far higher than what is recomended to drink. Water purification tablets contain some clorine, but not as much as is in a pool. Clorine is there to kill micro-organisms, and there are many micro-organisms in your gut which you don't want to kill. It's probably not that great for your digestive system anyway. Dude just trust me, you shouldn't drink out of a pool.

{{:

What does that mean¿ xD

}}

It means he's spaming to get his 7 posts so he can see the gallery, he probably didn't read very much of the thread.

That said, he could mean did the front of the diaper turn yellow.

