A Rainy Day Can Be So Much Fun!

Author: vikka

*000*2014-12-05 01:05

A rainy day can be so much fun!

What I'm going to tell happened in late July last summer.

This afternoon I went shopping. I needed a new skirt, stockings and panties. Maybe a pair of sneakers too... (then again.. maybe not needed, but I wanted, hehe!) It was a beautiful weather. I was dressed in white cotton panties, chestnut nylon stay ups which reached all the way up my thighs, pink, tight spandex shorts not quite covering the stocking tops, pink sneakers and a white cotton t-shirt (no bra). I went by my car to the nearby little town, and to be sure to get a parking place, I stopped on the outskirts of the town.

I'd a ten minute walk downtown and I really enjoyed my promenade. I strolled around and looked in the shop windows and then I sat down at a pavement café and had a big coke. Then I had another one... When I left the café and continued my walk I felt a distinct urge to pee. So naturally my first thought was too be a little naughty... to let go some pee in my panties, lol! But then I realized that it maybe wasn't such a good idea after all, having those pink shorts on... If I peed myself it would clearly show on them! And since I was going to shop... With a sigh of disappointment I decided to keep myself dry for the time being... But I was sooo in need for a wee wee...

Then it happened! The sky opened and it started raining cats and dogs! In a couple of minutes I was soaking wet from top to toe! It was still warm so I didn't get cold. My first reaction was to run and seek shelter somewhere but then I thought: what the heck! It's too late, I'm already wet, why not have some fun! As usual when it rains my need for a pee grew stronger... As an experiment I let go a minor squirt of pee... I looked down. As my shorts were already wet, you couldn't tell that I've peed! I was satisfied, my experiment had come out very satisfactory!

I went in to a shop to look for panties and stockings. I was so wet that the water was dripping from me. I looked around, feeling my bladder filling up more and more from all that coke I've been drinking. It felt like if I stopped moving I should have great difficulties to avoid an accident. I found some very cute cotton panties but they were of a brand which I hadn't seen before and as I'm always very quality-conscious about clothes, I called for a nearby shop assistant. It was a good-looking lady and as I at the same time felt pretty desperate I thought it to be an excellent idea to be a little naughty... 

While we were talking about fabrics and quality issues I slowly started to wet my panties! I felt warm pee run along my thighs. It felt so immensely good!! And the best part was that no one could tell that I was wetting myself! I looked down discreetly and established that you couldn't distinguish the pee wetness from the rain wetness! We were standing on a soft, thick carpet which swallowed my pee without a sound or trace... I stopped peeing to save for later occasions...

I bought six pair of wonderful cotton panties (rather expensive they were…) and then I looked for a skirt in another shop. I found a couple I liked and brought them to a fitting cubicle. When I looked in the mirror before trying the skirts on I almost got a shock! My wet t-shirt was absolutely see-through! You could clearly see my breasts, almost as I hadn't the T-shirt on at all! As I was so aroused from my desperation and from my recent wetting, my nipples were stiff and really protruding! In the mirror I noticed how red my face became from embarrassment... Here I've been so pleased to be able to pee without anyone knowing and then I've been walking around with a t-shirt so see-through that I could as well have been naked from my waist and up!! 

So I was embarrassed... but I was even more horny, knowing I've shown myself like that! I sat down on the stool and not really knowing, what I was doing, I began stroking myself between my thighs while at the same time my pee started to dribble through my panties and shorts! The dribbles soon turning in to gushes... I came in no time, with great efforts not to scream out loud! Now I couldn't stop peeing, torrents run through my clothes and down to the floor carpet, which had great difficulties to swallow all my pee... and as long as I peed, I went on coming! And I peed for a long time…two minutes at least!! It was so vehement; in the end I almost passed out!

Afterwards I inspected my clothes. You could see glistening pee drops on my shorts crotch and on my stay ups... but when they've sunk in I was pretty sure no one could tell without a close inspection... Satisfied I tried on the skirts. One of them was perfect, navy blue and pleated...

When I'd done my shopping, I returned to my car. It was still raining and with a contented grin on my lips I let pee dribble through my clothes while I walked zigzag through crowds of people on their way home from their jobs...I didn't know you could enjoy rain that much!!!

###

