My housemate was in the bathroom...

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-05 20:46

Hey everyone!!

I've had an interesting evening!

Me and my housemate A decided to go to a meet people event for foreign students, and we were pretty nervous. I peed at 16:15 and then we went to get McDonald's for dinner before this event.

So we get there early and I can feel the coke I drank starting to go through me, that and nerves about having to speak Italian was making me pretty antsy.

Anyway, we didn't find any bathrooms and people were so excited to meet people who weren't Italian so we were in high demand.

When it finished we both wanted to get home quick so we jumped on a bus that we almost missed!

We'd both by that point been sat on growing needs, and I could feel my urge getting pretty alarming. Before the event started just over 2 hours ago A had expressed concerns too.

We had to change busses to get home and whilst waiting for the second bus I asked her if she managed to go to the bathroom. I was really antsy and having to pace up and down but I'm quite a fidgety person so it's pretty normal behaviour for me.

She told me she hadn't and then for some reason right there with 4 minutes till the bus came with a bursting sloshing bladder I told her about omo... I don't know why.

She thought it was fascinating people were into desperation and holding. But she's been curious for a while, so yeah...

Anyway we get on the bus home and my need is getting really bad. We keep laughing at each other being stupid and that is not helping!

As I walk up to the outer door of our building A grabs her keys and I connected to wifi so I suddenly got a really weird out of context message from my brother and burst out laughing. I had to cross my legs but I don't think A saw...

Then we walked up to our apartment and I had one thing on my mind, peeing in the toilet, but A had the same idea and quickly rushed in.

I sat on my bed desperate, gripping the sides of my bed, ankles crossed and rocking slightly and then it started, the warmth spread across my butt so I jumped up still peeing my jeans and wetting the floor...

Was a total accident!

Thanks for reading, here's a couple pics

*002*2015-10-05 20:50

{{: 

You really must love peeing yourself. I can tell. I also think its pretty cute^^

}}

Haha, to start with I was like what the heck am I doing!?

Now I love fighting with my body and losing :P

Thank you for saying that :D

*008*2015-10-13 22:53

{{: 

Wow, you really soaked yourself, EQ! What did A say when she came out of the bathroom and saw your wet jeans and the puddle on the floor? Did she apologize for rushing to the toilet ahead of you? Did she ask whether you enjoyed wetting your pants? Did she wet herself too, even just a little bit?

}}

Hey gobphus! A said naff all because she didn't notice thank GOD! I changed into my pjs and hid my wet clothes! she didn't apologise, and I have no idea if she wet her pants, she doesn't seem that comfortable about it you know?

{{ 

Wow, another great experience. Keep them coming!

}}

I will certainly try, thank you :P

