Peeing with a Hard-on (and more)

Author: tennyson

*000*2013-06-11 16:52

I received an email this morning from a female friend asking if it was possible to pee with a hard on. In writing a response, I found I had recalled a memory from a long time ago.

It contains male desperation, peeing, female desperation / masturbation and sexuality. I don't want anyone to get to the end and be surprised.

No one was wearing panties or underwear, sadly.

I woke up suddenly from a very erotic dream and realized I was bursting to go. I was afraid to move from the bed because I thought that any movement would make me pee. Then I was afraid that I would pee in the bed. I slowly got up and my whole torso hurt - I am sure it was my bladder only, but I felt it in my hips and lower back. I made it up without springing a leak.

I had one hand across my waist - holding my cock - as I waddled down to the bathroom I shared with my housemates. Luckily it was unoccupied and I went in - trying to aim at the toilet. My cock would not budge. If I peed now, I thought I'd drill a hole in my face, much less make a massive clean up project and noise and wake everyone. My bladder began to ache ... and throb.

I pushed myself and could not get my cock to point down.

"What the hell are you doing?"

I heard D.'s voice behind me. She was my friend and I sublet a room from her, but we weren't sexually active. She was a lot more open sexually than I was, but some things we had never discussed. What to do if I walked in on her and a lover on the kitchen table. Discussed. Getting used to her walking around the house naked. Discussed. Not able to pee in the toilet with a hard on - not even in the realm of fantasy (of which I have always been quite prolific.)

"I'm trying to pee"

"You just point it at the bowl ... You woke me up with your "trying to be quiet" stumbling"

"I wasn't tying to be quiet..."

She looked over my shoulder at my hard on aimed at my face and stepped back. At 5' 11", she would have gotten her teeth knocked out if I had let go. She stepped back.

I looked over my shoulder and she was standing there with one hand on her hip and her forefinger between her lips. (It was sideways ... she was thinking.)

I started to cramp up again and moaned.

"Can you move over?" She stepped around me and looked at my cock. "Wow, can't you get it to go down?"

"No"

"Let me try." She reached over and gripped me, pushing down.

"OW!" I yelled and cramped up.

"I guess that's not going to work is it. I thought you were kidding me."

"No." I started to sink to my knees. She relaxed her grip and I could see a drop forming on the tip. "Don't!"

She renewed her grip. It was painful. She squatted.

"Kneel down" she ordered.

I got to my knees. My cock was still pointed up at my face. She looked over my shoulder. She looked at the toilet.

"Shit, that's not going to work."

She looked around and spied my cup from the bathroom shelf. She picked it up and put it over the end of my cock.

"That's not going to work, either, is it?"

I could only shake my head. I felt like my bladder and cock were going to explode.

"I... can't ... hold.."

"Wait!" She said. "Lie down."

I put my head to the side of the toilet. (I am glad I had cleaned two days ago.)

"Hold your cock." I gripped it with one hand - that all the room I have, sadly.

She grabbed my ankles and lifted. At 6'1" and 131lbs, I was no match for a strong wind. D. was a metal sculptor / welder.

"Point it at the bowl." I tried to aim where I thought the bowl was. "Left, Left, Other Left... Stop."

I stopped. I was getting dizzy.

"Let go..."

I let go. I know i was shaking. I was in serious pain. I know it was only seconds or less before I started peeing, but it felt like minutes. My first burst did not hit the toilet. I think I sprayed the wall. (I do not know how it is for women, but for guys you can aim yourself somewhere, but if your opening is at all sticky (sweat, precum, lint, etc.) then you may not go in the direction you aimed.)

I pinched the soft head of my cock and felt the heat from my spray near my fingertips as I squeezed. I heard my stream hit the bowl. She held my ankles. I peed. She shifted her grip. I peed. I could only see the white curve of the underside of the toilet bowl. I peed.

I peed so much I began to ache from peeing. I could, though, feel my cock softening. I only remember peeing. And then I was lowered (or did I fall? I really don't remember.)

I could see D.'s feet as she moved around the bathroom. She flushed the toilet. (It was very LOUD down there.) She was pacing a bit. I thought about getting up.

"Stay" She commanded.

She lowered the seat and sat down. I could hear her raggedy breath echoed from around the bathroom. She was close. The heat from her ankles were against my sides, barely. Her breathing was far away - a lone firefly across an invisible lake on a moonless night. She moaned a little and farted. Dribble plinked onto the surface of the water.

I could feel her ankle bones brushing my sides. They were shaking and hot as her body wobbled above me. She was tensing ... then releasing ... tensing ... then releasing - her breath huffing between moans. I could imagine her fingers between her legs, teasing herself, opening her lips. Her breathing laboured, ecstatic, frenzied.

And then she stopped. He legs locked against my sides. Her breathing, in mid-moan, was cut off sharply. Her arms stopped moving. I could hear the tinking of the fluorescent light over the sink. I stopped breathing with her. Together, we lived a lifetime between the space of the lightning and the thunder dancing in the ozone flares. The hair on my body was standing up, reaching for her and the sky.

I've been struck by lightning. I've been zapped by electricity. I heard the opening theme for Star Wars on opening night in Bar Harbour, Maine. My first real kiss - where my best friend's sister kissed me passionately (and told me I looked a little like Paul McCartney!) - that is what arousal/anticipation/desperation/felt like right then. Time without timepieces.

Then she flooded the toilet. Her legs slapping my sides. I was getting sprayed with droplets. She peed and she came. I was caught up in her orgasm. Her peeing. Her closeness to me. I came in response. Hot wet sticky goo sprayed up my stomach, chest and all over. I passed out.

I woke up on the floor. My neck hurt and I was sticky and cold. I smelled like cold pee. (There is nothing else like that smell is there?). I got up and washed off my body. I cleaned the wall and the toilet.

D. was in her bed. The door cracked, when she wanted me to watch her with her lovers - or when she forgot. She was on her side - facing away from me, but I could see the cord of her vibrator coming from between her legs and over her hip. It looked like a thin white gunslinger's strap. I just watched her bottom for a while. she moved a little. Her fingers cupped over her lips and sometimes one between them.

After a while, she began to snore lightly and her body relaxed. I quietly walked in and pulled the sheet over her and stole a light kiss from her hip.

