School memory

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2013-07-29 10:02

I have written earlier how one of the adult actresses peed her pants in our school yard before their performance. It is here somewhere. Topic name "one of the students". But I also remember one other occasion which happened to my co-student about two years after that.

I was always shy girl, but there were four tough and sometimes mean girls in our class. We were 15-16 that time. One of those nosy girls was Teena. She had a nice quite curvy body and thin waist. Her long and slightly curly hair was always coloured oat blond, but roots were dark. Like some pop stars. That time all those girls, and so do I, were always wearing black and blue elastic jeans and colourful gollege shirts. They always had much make-up which I never had on my face.

We had an english lesson (not my mother language as you see how I am writing) in the middle of the afternoon. Teacher was young and she couldnt control our class properly. Those mean and anxious girls were sitting in front of the classroom (first and second row) and I was in the last row. There were few boys sitting in between us. Teena was chatting with her friend who was sitting in front of her. She was bending over her desk. I saw how those boys were laughing behind her and looking at her jeans bum. Then one of the boys took Teenas chair while she was still bending over her desk. When Teena eventually sat down, there were no chair under her bum at all!

In a second Teena was sitting on the floor. I remember how scared looking she was. Then she started crying. One of her nosy friends let her tissue and tried to comfort her. Teena just sat there on the floor and crying continued. Eye make-up was all over her cheeks. She put her right hand between her thighs and tried to say something about her wrist. I thought she hurt her wrist while she fell down. Teacher said she should show her hand to school nurse, but Teena denied. She just sat on the floor hand between her legs.

When Teena stood up and sat down on her chair, I saw how her dark blue five pocket skinny jeans were glistening. I dont know how many student saw this, because she was so quick. After the lesson Teena stayed in the classroom with our teacher. Her face was red. I think she left home and I never saw her at the school that day again.

