Some of my childhood accidents

Author: Wetting94

*000*2014-03-23 11:25

One time is when i was at a camp with my family. I were 3 at that time. I stood there with my brother when he was dressing. I had to pee but i didn't say anything to no one. I squirmed and danced my pee pee dance. My mom asked me that "do you have to pee" and i said "no". At the end i peed my shorts.

I was wery shy when i was child

I had a corner at the yard because i didn't want to play with no one because of my shyness. So my another accident i remember is when i stood there and i had to pee so bad. I squirmed and stepped and crossed my legs and hold my crotch and then i started walking because it helped. I walked in to the toy garage and came back and then i heard that it was time to go inside. One of the teachers walked by and i said that "I need to pee" and when ia said that pee started to pour in my pants. Teacher said that "Come inside if you have to pee" I pinched my penis and then my crotch were wet and my teacher noticed it. Then i can't remember what happende, but i remember that i had grey outdoor pants on me.

Third time is in the same pre-school. I walked back and forth at the corridor where the bathroom were, but i just couldn't go in there. I squirmed and stepped and crossed my legs and hold my crotch and pinched my penis. I pasted the bathrooms many timest. There was also stakes at the corridor and i stopped behind one of the stakes because i couldn't walk anymore and pee came out to my pants and shoe. Then i stayed in my peed pants long time because i didn't want to tell no on that i had peed my pants. But then someone noticed it and i got changed.

Fourth time is when i was at school at first grade and at brake. I had to pee bad and i played with my friends (two girls) and didn't not go to toilet inside. The class begins and i sit at my desk holding my penis and squeezing it with both hands and finally i raise other hand, but because i'm shy i didn't raise it wery much. So i held the pee, but then my teacher noticed my hand and i asked "may i go to the boys room?" she said "yes" and i started to walk to the door holding my legs tight and hand at my crotch and when i were in front of the class, pee started to pour in my pants and everyone started to laugh. I started to cry and walked to the toilet. My teacher called my mother and she come with another pants.

Fifth time is when i were at second grade. It was last class of day and i had to pee, and just when the class was over and i was walking to the toilets i started to pee my pants in the corridor, but i continued walking and could stop the pee. But when i got to the toilet i just couldn't undo my pants so i just stood in front of the toilet stool and peed. Then i walked home with my wet pants,

Sixth time is when i were also in second grade and i wanted to stay with my friends to after-school and i had to pee, but didn't want to go to toilet, because my friends could leave home at the time. So i held my self and then i just couldnt wait so i wanted to tell some of my friends taht i need the loo. I danced my pee dance and tried to ask someone, that do you know what i have. Someone said that you want to dance, but then i said finally to someone that "i need the bathroom". Then he said "go then" and i leaved home finally and just when i was taking my shoes off i started to leak and ran to the bathroom.

Seventh time is when i had a dentist and my mom were with me. I had to pee when we leaved from my school to the dentist and because of cold weather when we got to the dentist wait room i just ran to the bathroom and some of the pee came to my pants before i undid my pants.

Eight time is then when i were at eight grade. I was 14 years old and i used a toilet at brake wich i hadn't used before and because teh cold weather outside the need was worse when i came to toilet. The door lock was broken and the door didn't lock. So i tried to get the door locked and pee started to pous so i just could stop and undid my pants and peed then in toilet. Then when i get to class no one couldn't notice what happend because of myy dark pants but i could smell it whole class. It was good that it was my last class of the day.

