Rental car piss

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-07-16 05:46

So due to someone requesting the full version of this story repeatedly... I will now tell what happened when I was on a family vacation in Arizona!

My family and I were on a vacation going through Arizona last summer, and it was just gorgeous!! We flew into Phoenix and drove up to Prescott to stay for the majority of the vacation. The views were just breath taking!!! I never knew how gorgeous the desert could be.

One of the days that we were there my parents and I decided to take a trip out to Sedona and Flagstaff as the rest of our family stayed in Prescott. We drove into this mountain range made up of rock formations that were even more amazing.

As we were on this adventure I was well stocked with 4 of the larger gatorades to keep me hydrated. It was close to 105 degrees outside!!!! As we were probably half way through the mountain range, that probably took about an hour and a half to drive through, I had downed one bottle of gatorade and was on to my second. I wasn't feeling any pressure or anything, maybe at a 4. Soon I decided to read a book I had started earlier and got caught up in that. I was sitting in the backseat all by myself as my parents were up front with my mom driving. As time went on I was mindlessly drinking the gatorade and not really thinking anything of it while I read.

When we finally were getting out of the mountains (which side note for anyone traveling!!! When going through this mountain range towards Sedona, you go through the CUTEST mountain side village!!! If you are in Arizona this is a must see to at least drive through!!!! It makes you feel like your in a whole other country haha. Now back to the story....) I had just finished off my 3rd gatorade. I was starting to feel a tiny bit bloated which was a sign I had to pee and I was very soon going to desperately NEED to pee!!

About a half hour later we had passed through most of Sedona, which I would have to say was the most beautiful place in my opinion, and we were now hitting the outskirts of the town. I looked up from my book and soon realized that we had turned into a parking lot and my mom parked the car in a shaded area that was a little further away from a restaurant. My mom said that they were hungry and were going to go eat now. I said "Ok,...I just have a few more pages to go on this chapter. I'll be join you guys in a few minutes if thats ok!" So they left me in the car with the windows open a third of the way allowing me to not overheat(!!!) and out of habit my mom locked the car as she left.

I sat there beginning to squim now that they were gone. The bloating in my abdomin had turned into a solid rock in my bladder. I just wanted to finish these last few pages....but I was getting strong urges!!!! I had been ignoring all the signs of my bladder filling up but what could a few more minutes hurt?? So I put my hand down there to hold myself and kept reading.

After 5 or so minutes I finally finished the chapter and I was on the verge of bursting!! That gatorade was hitting me hard and I NEEDED TO PEE!! There was no question about it! I saw that the doors were locked so I reached over to the unlock button up at the drivers seat. I hit the button but nothing happened....I tried it again! But no luck. I looked over to the door to see if I could pull the tab up but these darn things practically went straight down into the door and there was no way of pulling these lock tabs up!! I just quietly said "oh dear...." with slight panic in my voice. I then grabbed my cell phone out of my bag and tried to make a call to my parents who were just in that restaurant. But there was NO SERVICE!!! 

Then I realized that this was not going to be good. I was in a rental car that was relatively new. When we first got it at the airport I remember my parents saying it only had 115 miles on it!!! How could a rental car that is so new have something wrong with it already!!!

So I sat there, with one of my hands staying in my pants and the other just over my bladder as I was trying to strategize what I was going to do next. Then I realized 'Oh my gosh!! Pee in the gatorade bottles!!!!' For a few seconds I felt such great relief to think about that solution but when I looked down they weren't there!!! My mom must have thrown them out. And there was no hope with the remaining full bottle!! I thought about just pouring it out the window but I didn't feel confident with successfully being able to poor all the gatorade out of the window that would have just needed to be opened just a tiny bit more..... I even thought about trying to chug that whole gatorade to empty the bottle!! But as I tried to take a few gulps it just made me a zillion times more anxious I could feel my bladder screaming at me to stop or it was going to release everything right then.

I was going to pee! I was beyond desperate! This was getting really really really bad! And my bladder was starting to convulse. It was painful and I wanted to just let go so badly as I could feel even more liquid making its way to my bladder.

I WAS NOT GOING TO MAKE IT.

I sat there and looked down as I was holding myself with my hand inside my pants and underwear. I knew that the moment I took my finger off my pee hole that I was going be spraying pee out. There was no going back or way out of this. So I decided it was time to face reality and I just took my black athletic shorts off but kept my underwear on incase someone saw me. Then I brought my hand out and immediately the rush of hot piss began to soak the seat It was just going right into the tacky, cheap black fabric seat of the rental car! I was so thankful that these were fabric seats and not leather!!!!!!! And soon I could see it was flooding all around me!!! In between my legs especially! I tried to stop or at least slow it down but I just couldn't. There was no hope or point of even stopping this glorious piss! I was so hydrated that I wasn't even worried about the smell so I just let the rush of it continue.

It felt like it took forever for my bladder to empty, and honestly I did't want it to ever end. The relief of this release was so intense I nearly orgasmed just sitting right there in the car!! I didn't care what happened as nobody was around, or at least close enough to witness me drenching this car seat and about to hit a climax!

Finally it was over and I finished in more than one way. I scooted to the other side of the back seat, squeezed some of the pee out of my panties and pulled my shorts up. I looked at the seat where I peed my heart out and it wasn't even noticable! The seat was wet and warm if you felt it but nobody else was sitting in the back with me so this was perfect!!! I put on some nice smelling lotion to add a girly scent to the car just incase it had a little bit of a smell.

Finally my parents came out of the restaurant curious of why I didn't come inside. I told them about the lock button in the car not working and they were very disappointed to hear about that. But I sure wasn't after all that I had dealt with.

*002*2014-07-16 09:37

{{:

Okay, what can i say: I absolutely LOVED that story!

Please, please please please please................................. please more of it :D

Gorgeous! :)

Your avatar picture looks like you are sitting in a car and if this is you on the picture with the crossed leg, i start having a clear picture of the whole situation coming to my mind, and i absolutely love that picture :D

}}

So are you asking for more details of this story then...?? Lol

& yep! Those actually are my legs in my avatar! Took that pic of them as I was getting a bit desperate on the bus when I was heading to work! Haha. Just imagine them in athletic shorts & that's how it was!

*005*2014-07-16 10:39

Well since I can't sleep for the life of me let me think about it all lol!!!

{{:

Haha that story was just awesome! :D

}}

Thanks!! :)

Gosh this site keeps me up...I just can't stop talking to you all on here!!!! LOL!! :)

*006*2014-07-16 11:01

{{:

Since i could not be there, I - of course - at least love to know all the details :D...

*nosy nosy nosy* xD

}}

Ok Dr. Struggles! I added a tiny bit of what I could recall but not much.

And added some emphasis with the text haha.

*008*2014-07-16 11:20

{{:

Wonderful story. You should do some wetting videos soon.

}}

I know right?!!??! Or at least more pics! I'm thinking about it.... ;)

Sometimes I actually wish I could be one of the girls in the videos that has a terrible pee accident. I would KILL IT!!! But I need to focus on a career & NOT ruining my reputation haha :P

& I have to apologize for not having any pictures to go along with this incident!! I was still trying to repress my fetish for the most part as I had never told anyone at that time (and I didn't tell anyone until last December) so I was pretty shy about this. Got the rush of it being so great yet there was still a tiny bit of guilt that came with it....lol.

*012*2014-07-16 22:19

Well gosh someone needs to make a video based on my situation!!! (I get half the pay though!!! :P haha)

*014*2014-07-16 22:33

Haha! If life & my reputation didn't matter so much I would so be the girl in the video!!!!

But i hate my voice so idk if I'd actually want to be on camera. I HATE hearing my voice recorded!! Its so weird..... :/

*016*2014-07-17 02:43

{{:

WOW! Fantastic story. Just wow.

}}

Thanks!! :)

*021*2014-07-18 03:39

Thanks everyone!! I love to share these experiences with you guys!!!!

Almost as much as I enjoyed the release ;) haha <3 ahhh gets me all excited thinking about it!!!!

{{:

I enjoy how you relate how you felt and what you were doing to try to hold your pee [hand inside your underwear on your pee hole] and eventually wet the car seat.

}}

& I think this may be the one time that I have actually ever literally put my finger against my pee hole to hold it!! I could feel the urine there in the hole and my finger was all that was stopping it!!! I need to do that again. When I hold myself usually I'm just putting preasure against myself down there but not that specifically! hahah :D

This happened last July or August. So a year ago now!! :)

