What I can remember

Author: Anna May

*000*2013-08-22 03:39

From when I started school, I've had quite a few experiences in and out of school, and since most of us are interested I figured I'd post some of them.

The earliest thing I can remember was back in kindergarten, we had "nap time", and a girl in our class would always wake up having an accident. Quite strange that they never put her in diapers or anything, maybe some social issues, I don't know. I do know her still, and she doesn't like talking about it.

There was also some boy in my kindergarten class who wet his pants frequently, but it was a lot less then the previous girl. It's too bad that he moved, sometime later before I could get interested in that sort of thing. This is one significant moment I remember about him, the entire class was sitting on a rug in the middle of the classroom, and he was sitting right beside me, and under my own bottoms, I could feel coldness and wetness slowly "crawling" on the bottom of my legs, looking down at him, I could see a puddle forming, and at the time was grossed out. So I stood up and screamed "Ew!" and told the teacher. Ah, too bad.

The way I met my best friend actually happened in quite a strange way. It was in 2nd grade, and we were sitting in line for class(something we did daily), and she was a new student. She sat next to me, which was pretty uncommon, I didn't talk much in class and thus didn't make to many friends. She started talking to me, and a few minutes later, she shifted the position in which she was sitting, hugging her legs which were squeezed together. She kept rocking back and forth, though not continuously. In the middle of one of our conversations she made a high pitched whine, quietly. I thought that something had maybe bit her, but no, she whispered in my ear that she really had to pee. 

I told her to ask the person watching us, she raised her hand, beads of sweat streaming down her face, she got more and more desperate by the second, it would appear. Eventually she stopped moving, and I heard the sound of a waterfall rushing onto the ground, or maybe something just as beautiful. She started crying softly, and like the last story, I told the adult of the situation at hand. I tried my best to get the teacher not to make a scene, her being my new friend and all. And the teacher took care of it. That was the last I saw her that day, but the next day, she did come back to school.

I'll share more later, but I'm on the road without my laptop, typing on my phone, quite annoying.

*002*2013-08-22 12:27

Thanks; I tried to put more detail into them all, but I don't have the best memory from that long ago :p

The last accident I saw was actually by myself in Jr high, it was around 1:00 in the afternoon, and I had a slight urge to pee, and since we only had 2 minutes to get to and from class, I figured I could hold it in until the end of the day, plus at this time, I was sexually entertained from this. The bell rang, and I wasn't at a point where I was crossing my legs or anything, but slowly and throughout class, my urge grew more and more, firstly to the point where I simply started tapping my foot(It's something I do when I have to pee :p). So I tried to stop that, just crossing my legs, and I sat up. I tried paying attention to the teacher, trying not to lose my bladder.

About ten minutes later, I was just hit by this sudden wave, throwing my hand in between my legs, luckily, I didn't spurt, and I kind of "sucked it up". There was maybe 30 minutes left in the classroom, and I was having quite a bad experience with this mostly because I actually feared that I was actually going to have an accident in class, and that's the last thing I wanted. I kept crossing and squeezing my legs together, holding it back. When there was about 15 minutes left in class, I had my hand planted between my legs, I couldn't help it, but I did have to finish my work, couldn't risk being held after class. I hurried and wrote all that I knew, not questioning if it was right or wrong.

And finally, unknown to me, it was time for the bell to ring, but it didn't, we then heard an announcement stating that the bell would be held for a few minutes. Torture, just pure torture. If I was alone I would have already either gone on myself or ran to the bathrooms. As I sat there, under my desk, both my hands were under my desk, and I was thinking I could just let go, but I didn't. A few minutes later, the bell rang and I walked out of the class very quickly. I told myself I'd just run to the store right near our school. 

I started walking faster and faster until I looked ridiculous and started running. I was maybe 10 ft. away from the entrance, I felt another strong wave hit me, I stopped in place, my legs shaking, I had let a little out. I walked a little slower into the store and found my way to the bathroom and I let a little out, and again, and again. I hurried and pulled down my bottoms, which were soaked nonetheless, and relieved myself quick. It was quite satisfying. I put on my bottoms and left the store, trying to get home as quickly as possible.

