The first wetting I saw

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-01-09 23:04

She was 15 when it happend while your humble narrator was 12. She'd been desperate all afternoon as my family and hers were at the beach. Our desperate damsel in distress was wearing a pink bikini which looked great on her, At ths point I belive she was around 5"7 with brown hair (she later dyed it blonde) She was slightly chubby but definatly not fat. I'd been watching her for awhile as she squirmed with desperation, but being quite descreate about her situation. I had a plan though, you scheming narrator had a good one.

It's become a common thing for the younger members of our families to play truth or dare. (There's 3 families. Your humble narrator and his not so humble brother, Our 15 year old wettee and her younger brother and two females my age) When we got bored we'd say screw it and play truth or dare, we still do this today obviously the dares have gotten more adult, but at this point it was just silly dares. I decided that it would be best if I got someone else to ask, who better than her own little brother? I walked over and with a convincing I got him to ask the others to play truth or dare. I grinned as my plan came to frutition and we all gathered and began out treck across the beach and out of site of our completly oblvious parents.

We found a nice place and we all sat down in a circle. Everybodys played truth or dare so I don't need to explain the rules. It started off with the youngest to the oldest, meaning I went just after the two other females. She was last. It was perfect. I'd tell my brother that she looked like she needed to pee and he'd dare her too. My brother is the only one I know who could possibly know anything about my fetish. He once walked in on me watching a pants peeing video. Sorry going off subject.

It came around to my dare and I did a silly one, daring my brother to belly slide down a sand dune. He got sand in his eyes which was quite funny at least. When he recovered from the sand in his eyes I made my move. I snuck my way over and said to him. "My brother, I've got a good dare for you to use on (We're gonna call her Sophie)" After questioning why I said it like that, He asked to know what the dare was. I said, in my regular voice "She looks like she's busting for a f*cking pee, just f*cking dare her to pee herself" He nodded that it would be amusing. Please note I don't swear that much anymore.

We all got back to the circle and my brother turned to our silently squirming Sophie. He simply said "I dare you to pee your pants". She tilted her head to the side and asked why. Then a horrible situation happend. He said that I told him to say it. I went bright red and I was pissed now. I began thinking of things I could say. "It'd be funny", "I dunno", "I secretly wanna see you and the other two pee themselves". Then I calmed myself and said "Because it's obvious your f*ckin' desperate" She shyly smiled and nodded. I'd gotten away with it.

She placed her hands behind her back to keep herself balance as she got into a squatting postion. When the postion was reached I saw her face go red and she closed her eyes as she tried to force out her pee. "Sorry, It won't come out". "No! That's not fair! I was waiting for this!"

That span its way through my head. On the outside I was as cool as fonzie. I looked at her as she snaked her way out of her dare. As I was about to complain, her little brother chimed in "C'mon sis, we all did out dares" Everyone else joined in, goading her into doing it. She agreed and got back into a squatting postion, and there she remained for about 3 mins as she tried to push some pee out. I stared at her crotch the entire time. At that point I didn't care who noticed. Then she started. I could see the first few drops appear on the outside of her bikini as the wet patch spread across causing her entire crotch to drip, causing the dry sand beneath her to go wet. I watched as the glorious liquid pooled and slowly sank into the sand. Some ran down her leg and pooled at the bottom of her foot.

The story does go on but now the wettings over I doubt any of you would care.

So here's a quick summary. I got a boner, spent the rest of the day hiding it, staring at Sophies ass and the other two girls ass. I believe that Sophie has suspicions about my true reason for asking. We still see each other now, so maybe I can convince her to do it again sometime.

Thank you for reading.

*003*2013-01-10 20:50

{{ 

Wow. That's an amazing story that totally tops mine. When I read the part about your brother snitching on you to her I felt pretty nervous for you because that has happened to me too but it did not go so well. But I'm so glad she went with it. Did you at least stick your feet in the wet sand? And I wouldn't mind hearing the rest of the story :)

}}

No I didn't. She covered it up with dry sand. Since you wanted to hear the rest of the story, here it is.

The truth or dare continued for a few more turns. We returned to the silly stuff and eventually got bored. As a group we decided that we should head to the bathroom. I needed a pee and since I'm quite good at hiding it nobody dared me to pee. I grinned as I got to stood up, only to relise that I had a boner. The smile slowly disapeared from my face. I relised that if I stood up without ajusting it, I could be in for an awkward moment. So as I stood, I pretended to slip. I fell flat on my face. As the others laughed I used the chance to adjust my boner so it was tuck slightly into my waistband, causing the likehood of them to see it dropping. Surprisingly Sophie needed to go again, we all headed towards the public toilets and headed into seperate stalls. Not much to say at this point because of the gender toilets. All I can say is that peeing with a boner is difficult as fuck.

After we had all done our business we stepped out of the toilets and into the red hot sun, which had begun it's descent into the ocean. Unimportant female 1 and 2 suggested that we begin our trek back to our parents. My boner was slowly going down and I decided that we should head back. Sophies little brother was practicly asleep so I offered to carry him, giving me a good reason to hang around at the back. As the others walked across the sand I took this chance to allow myself to stare at Sophies ass. 

The wet patch remained, now longer but dripping but still present none the less. I could see the darker patch on her bikini and her slight attempt to hide it. Then she turned around and looked me dead in the face. "Does she know? How? Did someone tell her?" Relising that the only way out of this was to play the fool, I said "What's up?" And continued walking. Sophie asked "Why did you ask Adam to make that dare?" Your humble Narrator had arrived in a bad postion. I could tell the truth or hide my tracks. Either way she would (and still does) suspect something. "I pointed out that you looked desperate as f*ck and he made the rest up for himself". She gave me an unconvinced look and turned back to the others and walked. I grinned. I was getting good at this avoiding.

Eventually we arrived back at our parents set up and they told us to get ready to go. Since I was busy paying attention to Sophie, I didn't notice what the others were doing. She dragged her pants up her legs and grabbed her belongings. I thought that maybe her pants would get damp enough to show through. No avail there and we returned to the cars. I was placed in the same vehicle as Sophie, due to the fact of my mother owning a 6 seat car. The kids all went in the same car, and I took my usual place at the back. The long drive home began and I had alot to think about.

Okay. That's pretty much it.

