My accident on purpose in the shower

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-07 14:48

Hi everyone!

So I fell asleep last night at about 3 and woke up at 10, my bladder ached and I laid in bed reading on here and reddit and stuff until 12. I'm going away to study so my mum took a half day to take me and my brother out for lunch, so I decided to get dressed. I was crossing my legs and was about to bend over to get a shirt when my bladder told me that wasn't a good idea! Instead I grabbed an oversized tee that had been drying and covered me well past my butt. I went to the toilet reluctantly as I didn't have time to release in the shower as it was getting late.

I went downstairs and had a good glass of water after getting dressed. My mum came in about 30 mins later and was busy doing stuff so we went to leave at about 1pm, I felt a slight reminder from my bladder that I should maybe pee before a car journey but it was only 10 mins so I don't care! Anyway we go to the place for lunch and it is super hot, well for England at least. I drank a coke pretty quickly as we sat outside in the sun, then before our food came I was already drinking a big glass of iced sparkling water. I kind of considered going before we left as my bladder was about a 5/10, and I needed to pick up a prescription on the way home. But I couldn't be bothered as the toilets were inside and up some stairs.

We got back in the car and went to the pharmacy, that took about 10 minutes and then I had to wait inside for 20 minutes, I wasn't desperate maybe like 6.5 whilst I was sat there but i made myself more desperate imagining the people waiting in a worse situation than me! What made it worse was some old dude talking about his wife's symptoms of urge incontinence, but I just thought it was ironic! Anyway on the journey back home only 5 minutes my bladder was a 7.5. My mum had made some gluten free brownies she wanted us to try and they were super nice, but after chatting and stuff my need was an easy 8/10. I went into my room to sort some stuff and my bladder spasmed slightly. I called downstairs saying I was going to shower and the thought of a place to 'go' ramped up my need. I hurriedly grabbed some towels and jumped in the bathtub.

My bladder was begging for release and I could feel the pee pushing to come out so I turned the water on otherwise it might have been obvious what I was doing from the sound, though I would rather see how big a puddle I could make!

I held on to my pee even though it was desperate now and I crossed and uncrossed my legs, I was dying to go. I wanted it to be intentional so I had to wait. My bladder wasn't painful which is great because I hate that, it was just super full! The last time I did this I had to relax and clench until my bladder overrode my muscles, but this time I was clenching like mad and my pee dribbled out and down the back of my legs. I started bending my knees and holding myself as as more warm pee trickled out, I was so bursting! I squeezed tighter as more dribbled out and went over my fingers, I was slamming myself shut to no avail, and the trickle turned into a heavy stream and I was peeling, casually but involuntarily all over myself. I watched my feet at the pale yellow puddles formed and ran towards the drain.

Eventually I stopped going although I wasn't done, my bladder finished squeezing by itself. It was enough to be pretty covered in piss but I still felt full so I pushed out the last lot!

I relaxed for a moment then washed up in the shower, no one will know ;)

Except you guys lol

