Last night with Japanese girl

Author: LordJim

*000*2014-03-25 12:57

Had great time with my Japanese girl last night who I haven't seen for a while. It was so good to see her, she is so sweet and adorable.

I kitted her out in white cotton knickers and tight light blue jeans. I have a lot of girls clothes in my wardrobe. I get a bit of a thrill buying girls clothes when dealing with girl shop assistants thinking if only you knew why I was buying these clothes !!

Anyway, we sat on my sofa, kissing and fondling her lovely breasts and she whispered to me she needed to pee. I put my hand between her legs and after a few moments felt her delicious warm pee flooding in to her knickers and trousers. She soaked the sofa ... She felt it a bit strange that I didn't want to somehow protect my sofa but it a big thrill for me to be as naughty as possible. The more forbidden the better.

We then went to bed, unfortunately she can't pee lying down but just needs a bit of practice.

Next session in a few days time. Can't wait :-))

*004*2014-03-27 12:08

So, she came over again last night. Turned up hopping from one foot to the other. Told me she had been desperate to pee for the last hour but had been holding on for me. She quickly changed in to knickers and jeans, sat on the sofa and with a sweet sigh of relief let go. Peed and peed and peed.

After admiring her wetness for a while we went to bed.

After various aspects of foreplay I buried my head between her legs and licked her beautiful pussy. After a while she announced she needed to pee again and let go in to my mouth and over my face. Glorious.

As her pee had puddled under her bottom I gathered some in my hand and poured it over her breasts. She was a bit shocked at first but soon saw the fun in this.

Shortly after, one final pee standing up over my cock then while sitting on my face I came.

What an awesome evening, next meeting Saturday.

She has already agreed to pee in my car so a little driving expedition is planned. I must be careful not to crash as I suspect I will be a little distracted from the road ;-))

{{ 

I'm also a Japanese lady who enjoys such things. I think I'm sweet and adorable too. Anyway, it's good to hear that you're having fun. We seem to be in high demand for some reason...

}}

Kimiko, you sound lovely. Jxx

