My First Voluntary Wetting

Author: LondonGirl

*000*2012-11-05 01:32

It took me a good while since my first wetting (Topic's The Long Ride Home if your interested) to ever attempt a deliberate wetting. I'd been pondering my original accident for a good few weeks now and I knew in the end I'd gotten a rush of pleasure from it. I was pondering just wetting myself in my bathroom given how it was easy to clean up but the fact my one of my parents was home all the time so I was just too scared and nervous to try it. I just didn't like the idea of one my parents walking in on their 12 year old daughter weeing her knickers...

My appearance at this time was little different to the way I looked in my first topic. I now had blonde hair and had it tied up in a ponytail and my hair hung down on the right side of my face, trust me it sounds more dodgy than it was. I was wearing my school uniform which was a black blazer with a white shirt, black skirt, tights and shoes. My underwear was just a plain white bra and some white knickers with pink trim (Don't ask how I remember what underwear I had on I just remember small details like that)

Anyway an opportunity soon presented itself. It was a rainy day and I was walking home from school, when I arrived home and attempted to get inside and noticed my door was locked. I remembered my mum had a doctor's appointment and was going to be home around 10 minutes after I usually got home. My house had a small entrance way before the door which I used to lay down in as it provided me cover from the rain, it wasn't ideal as it was only small so the floor was still fairly wet but I just wanted a sit down. My bladder was sending off a strong signal causing me to cross my legs, up until now I was still under the impression my mum was still home and was planning a trip to loo as soon as I got home. I'd hadn't used the toilets at my school as I just found them uncomfortable, mainly because I still getting used the whole "hovering" thing...

I knew I could easily last 10 minutes so just leaned back against the wall and waited until a though shot through my mind. The floor was wet, I was already soaked from the rain and I needed a wee. I realized I had a genuine chance to wet myself and no one would know. My black skirt and tights would hide any wetness and the already wet floor would cover up any evidence of my wee. I knew I was able to wet myself if I relaxed my bladder but my fear was still there. I was still nervous about doing it. I mean my only experience previously was a few times as a child and once on a bus because I just generally couldn't hold it.

By this point I had about 5 minutes until my mum was due home, I just couldn't pass this up I put my bag to the side and open my legs a bit while keeping my knees together. I just relaxed and tried to wee but it wouldn't come. I could feel my wee literally just inside me, I could even feel the warmth but the nerves were still there. I stayed like this for a while until...that first little dribble came out. I felt my knickers go warm and a sudden rush of pleasure go through me, it was stronger than last time and even caused me to whimper a little. Then it just poured out, I could feel it warm my crotch and thighs, I felt the relief in my bladder. I placed my hands on my crotch as soon as I finished and just felt the warmth for a few seconds.

My mum arrived home a few minutes later and let me in without the slightest suspicion of my little wetting, plus she didn't see my soaked underwear given how she encouraged me to do my own laundry. It's a good thing she arrived a few minutes later actually, although the warm crotch was nice a first, standing in the rain on a cold day with a soaking wet crotch turns bad quickly. It took me ages to get warm again...

*003*2012-11-05 02:14

{{ 

Thanks for sharing! A fantastic story, I take it you are not still a 12 year old girl though ;)

}}

Nope, this was quite the while ago, I'm 21 now.

