Desperate training and jeans peeing

Author: Thunder

*000*2016-01-01 11:25

Hello everyone and happy new year!

First of all, please excuse any grammatical or vocabulary error you may find, as English is not my mother tongue. So be warned: this story includes metric system-related material!

I have been hesitating for a long time before deciding to publish this story. It is as if I made my “coming-out” and admitted my fetish. Well, here it is.

This story is quite long with description and context. The desperation part is marked with *** and the pee part, with ###.

Well, hope you enjoy! Any comments or advice are welcome to help me improve my future writings (and/or my English J).

###

Last month, I went to a training on my University campus. It was Monday, it was cold, and it was compulsory; three valid arguments to explain my bored mood. What I did not know is that I was to make one of the most incredible meetings of my life.

As usual, I was early. I hate having to run to be on time, especially on Monday mornings. Therefore, I sat outside the room, grabbed my MP3 listener inside my bag and put on some Avenged Sevenfold to wake me up. It was the typical old University buildings with wooden floor, rotten wallpapers and windows you cannot open, though that let the cold inside.

As time went by, the other students came along. We were supposed to be ten and to follow a two-day training on “oral communication”. We greeted each other but did not talk further, the social conventions and natural shyness taking the lead. Eventually the professor came, we entered the small room and sat around the table. One student was still missing, but she began talking about our activities in the following two days and immediately my brain went on “off” mode.

It did not take too long, though, to switch back on: the latecomer had arrived. Immediately, all my senses awoke as I realized that I was staring at one of the most magnificent girls I had ever seen in my life. She was quite tall (around 1m75) and thin, but not flat: her breasts and bottom drew the forms of desire under her fitted striped black and white T-shirt and her skintight dark blue jeans. Her light brown eyes were shining when they crossed mine, and when she sat at my side, her curly dark hair smelled vanilla, honey and almond. “Hello, I am Chloe!” she said in a soft voice. After what seemed an eternity, all I could answer was my name.

The first exercise of the training was to tell the others about our life, passions and professional future. At first, I found it boring but, surprisingly, it brought us closer and created very quickly a “group” spirit. That is how I learnt more about Chloe: she used to live in the south when she was young, shared a flat with a friend and loved music, ice creams and hanging out with friends. She worked at a hotel as receptionist but had always wanted to become a lawyer. And boy, she was one of the most amazing girls I had ever met.

Lunch approached slowly but surely and I took advantage of the numerous practical exercises to chat with Chloe. We got on quite well. I asked her why she was late this morning. “I just forgot to put on my alarm yesterday!” she answered with her lovely smile. “So I jumped off my bed, put on my clothes and ran! I didn’t even take the time to eat, nor anything.” My acute fetish-related sense noticed that she did not speak about bathroom, though the contrary would have been surprising as we only knew each other for three hours.

For lunch, we bought a sandwich and talked about our families and lives. She was very funny and did not hesitate to make fun of herself, showed much interest in my passions and punctuated all my sentences with her smile. Time flew by and when the professor came back, we were both surprised that an hour had escaped. Well, back to our oral exercises (unfortunately, not the ones I thought about at this very moment).

***

After some time, I felt a slight vibration in my chair and first thought it was my mobile. I bent over slightly to check it and took a glance at Chloe. She had her legs crossed and was bouncing softly her feet on the floor, as in an unconscious gesture. But it was now 3pm, she had not gone to the bathroom since 8am (and even since last night if I interpreted correctly) and had drunk a large Coke for lunch plus two small water bottles during the training, so I suspected something else. She noticed my look and asked me softly in the ear “how long is it gonna last? It’s so boring!”

“Two and a half hours”, I answered. Her eyes widened, her mouth opened slightly and she made an arousing disappointed sound. “Yeah, I know it’s long”, I said. “It’s not that”, she replied, “I thought we had a break this afternoon, that’s why I didn’t…” but she could not finish her sentence, as the teacher spotted us. I was convinced I heard a bit of anxiety in her voice.

During the last hour, I took regular glimpses at Chloe, which was now clearly suffering from her need. Her legs were firmly crossed and she shook them from left to right. I could swear I saw her hand going around her private area one or two times, just a few seconds, just enough to calm down the pressure in her bladder. The last exercise of the day had come; we were to make a speech in front of everyone applying all the techniques we had seen in the day. Chloe’s shining eyes filled with worry, and I knew it was not because she could not remember what the teacher had said. I casually asked her what was wrong, and she replied “nothing. Everything’s okay. It’s just… nothing.”

Chloe’s turn came, and she took over Martin Luther King’s speech. Unsurprisingly, standing did not help her predicament and she made big efforts hide it. Though, she could not help fidgeting and didn’t fool a practiced eye as mine. She nevertheless managed to prevent her hands from touching her pussy in front of everyone. “I have a dream!” she said. “I have a dream!” I thought. And they both implied sweet relief.

When her turn was over, Chloe quickly sat back down and her pen fell down the table. She bend over to get it back, offering my gaping eyes the perfect curve of her butt and the beginning of her white panty. She suddenly froze for a few seconds, gathered both her hands on her lap and her face turned red. My mind was racing as I imagined what was going on: a few drops just escaped in her panty. Once again, she regained composure and tried to behave as if nothing had happened, but she gave a quick look between her legs to see if there was any visible wet spot.

Our day was finally over. As I gathered my stuff, I saw Chloe struggling to get up once again. She turned around to put on her coat, facing the window and the setting sun, when a sudden sneeze shook her whole body. She quickly bend over, hands firmly jammed on her crotch, and sneezed again. Then, to my delight, I saw a small wet spot growing from under her butt and dampening her jeans. She quickly regained control, though, and went off the room.

As she lived near my house, I offered to give her a lift. “Okay,” she answered, “but I have to go to the toilets before”. At last she admitted her obvious desperation. “That will not be possible here”, said the teacher behind us, who had heard Chloe’s last sentence, “they are under refection. But you have a public toilet down the street”. Chloe’s heart sunk, and her magnificent eyes now expressed pure panic. “I hate public toilets,” she muttered, “they are dirty and you never know who has used them before.”

“Well, if you can wait for twenty minutes, we can reach your apartment”, I replied. She kind of considered the situation, certainly wondering if she could make it. “Fine”, she finally said, “let’s hurry up”.

Once in my car, Chloe double crossed her legs, unbuttoned her jeans and didn’t care if I could see her press on her pussy through them. She started chatting with me so as to forget about her need: “you know, I do not regret having chosen this training. I thought it was going to be boring, but the exercises led us to know each other… and I met you!” she added, trying to smile despite the pain. “It’s so nice of you, Chloe. You know, you are the most amazing girl I have ever met”, I replied. Immediately, I froze and realized that my heart had taken over my brain for this last sentence.

Chloe gazed at me for three seconds, eyes wide open, and I thought it was owing to her surprise. But by way of answer, she let out a word like “oops” and said in a blank voice “please hurry, I never had to pee so much in my life! Oh God, I am spurting in my panties, please hurry…” I was greatly aroused by her words and it became less and less easy to hide it. Finally, the last traffic light turned green and I stopped in front on her building.

“Oh my, I don’t think I can manage to get up without peeing myself!” uttered Chloe. “I will help you”, I said in a slightly shaking voice, “give me your bag and I’ll open the door”. She hesitated, but not too long, and I quickly found her key. I unlocked the front door, and Chloe walked in front of me as quickly as she could (that is to say, quite slowly, as she was waddling with her hands on her crotch). Fortunately for her, she lived on the ground floor, so her door was just 50m away. I followed her, taking meanwhile a quick look at her superb butt, and noticing her wet spot had grown, but not so much. She must have had a very strong bladder to be able to hold her pee since last evening!

When we reached Chloe’s door, she showed me her flat key and urged me to open the door very quickly. Meanwhile, she was pee dancing on her landing and I couldn’t help but find her super cute and arousing. She now had her right hand under her jeans and was directly pressing her pussy through her knickers, so I could see more than I ever expected. When I opened the door, she ran into her apartment and I also took a few steps inside, officially to give her back her keys. I closed the door but was too shy, though, to go further. Then, I heard some banging on a door and Chloe’s voice shouting: “oh please, Lea, get off the bathroom, I have to PEE!” I let down the keys and hurried towards the noise, my mind racing. When I arrived, I had made an excuse (“what’s going on? I heard you shouting”) but it was worthless.

###

Chloe had lost the battle. Her right hand still on the bathroom door handle, her left hand near her belly, her legs apart, she looked in disbelief at the pee gushing from her pussy and flowing against her legs, drenching her jeans and finishing its race into her boots. From where I was, I had a perfect rear view of her wetting and what I felt in this precise moment is beyond words. She peed for what seemed to me an eternity, and when the flow ran dry, the bathroom door shot open. A small blonde girl appeared and said “why did you bang, Chloe? I didn’t hear you with my hairdryer on…” Her eyes went down along Chloe’s body and met her drenched jeans and the pee lake on the floor she had made. “Wait a minute… What…” She didn’t finish her question and took a step forwards, walking into the puddle of pee, hugged Chloe and whispered to her “oh sweetie, it’s okay, it’s okay, no problem…”

It was not long before she spotted me. I still wasn’t sure whether I was dreaming. Lea immediately broke the hug and shouted in surprise “who’s there?” Chloe quickly turned around to discover me, her keys on one hand and her bag on another. Her face turned bright red and she explained to Lea “He drove me back home.” Then, she told me “I am terribly sorry you saw that. I just couldn’t hold it, no matter how hard I tried. Now thanks for the ride and please… Please leave me alone.” I looked at her eyes, still bright, but in the corner of which tears were slowly appearing. “Chloe”, I said, my voice still unsure, “what happened didn’t change anything. I am still your friend, if you want to.” Of course, the first part of the sentence was not pure truth. Nothing would be the same now. What I saw was a Godsend and acted as an electroschock. It is what turns me on, and I didn’t want to hide my fetish anymore. That is why I am telling this story on this forum.

I went off Chloe’s flat, exhausted as if I had run a marathon, my mind full of images and emotions. I hoped I would see her again, but wasn’t very sure she could come over what happened. And quite surely, she did not come to the training the day after. Yet, in the afternoon, I felt my chair shaking once again. I first looked at everyone, suspecting a desperate person, but it was my mobile. A text message. “Hope this day is less boring than the first one. Miss you. C”

Stay tuned, other episodes to be followed!

*003*2016-01-01 18:12

Thanks everyone for your messages!

@tanin, I think her panties were made of silk or satin-like material. I prefer classic cotton panties, though - even if I like experimenting many other things!

I'll try to upload more stories as they happen!

