No toilet!

Author: Peepantsgirl1

*000*2013-02-26 21:40

Hey! This was an unforgetable day!

9:00

Got up and my bladder was sort of full

I walked down stairs and my boyfreind had tea and cakes on the table

He was smiling rather cheekily

"Why are you grinning" i asked and he just said "nothin"

9:30

Finsihed my teas and cakes now bursting for a wee so i walk to the tiolet i try the door to find it locked! "Can you hurry please (insert name here)"

"With what" he came round the corridoor oh that i locked it like i know how much you love wetting yourself"

"but i really need the tiolet" he shrugged and walked off grinning.

10:00

Im about to explode ive spurted and my bladder is aching very bad

I do a pee pee dance and shout " please (insert name) i really need to go!"

He came round the corridoor and said "make it till 10:30 i will open it."

10:20

Im on the verge and im in agony. I leak and my pants go dark. I begin to panic and step back and slip on a slipper (a bit ironic) and ijust lose it it gushes trhough my trousers and the warm pee dribbles down my leg.

My trousers where soaked. My boyfreind came in and i he kissed me then i he started rubbing my weehole

We had some fun

Hope u enjoyed!

*004*2013-02-27 22:12

I would love 2 but my bf is the only one with the camera and he OCD about not haveing any pics of me bursting and wetting but im saving but it is quite hard with car tax and petrol ect.

*010*2013-02-28 21:50

Thanks guys what really good is that i can post lots of videos as i have had so many experices waiting to be put on omorashi as i have only discovered it as an adult

