A Planned Ultrasound `Accident` - Page 2

Author: rachelkirwan

*026*2015-04-01 07:30

{{:

Such an awesome story, long read but definitely worth the while ^_^

I love it how the whole experience, even though stressing and uncomfortable, is so arousing to think about,

Thanks!

}}

Thanks for the kind words. My goal in writing it, and yes it was long, was to convey the real emotions I felt at the time :0

*028*2015-04-02 02:09

{{:

I am not sure if this is a common experience for others, but for me this story made my mouth water :D and made other more "adult" things happen too. Sounds like a great experience, but I am sure that if I was in the same scenario I would probably completely freak out and just leave as quickly as possible. I am not yet very open or public with my fetish, hence the name ;)

}}

Thanks hun, and glad you liked it ;) the closet exhibitionist in me (yes it's a thing :)) finds this super hot. Also yeah I was freaking out pretty bad but a hospital/doctors office has become a very safe place for me, having spend many an appointment talking to doctors about the minutia of the workings of my bladder. I don't think I could ever plan an accident in the middle of a crowded street or on a bus or something (who knows....) but I felt very secure there which helped a lot.

*033*2015-04-09 21:24

{{:

Great story, what an amazing experience to have!

How about next time you have an appointment, going in a thick, bulky, obvious nappy... they'll remember instantly why you're wearing it.

}}

Hehehe, this is true there's a really long term exhibitionistic thing going on here. I don't know if I'll have another check up in the UK, it depends where I end up when the thesis is done, but that is a possibility :)

{{:

I'm amazed at your ability to notice and remember details during something like this! I can't remember the last time that I did at all....

You're a fantastic writer, and I shall certainly read the rest of your stories as I'm able to!

}}

Thanks hun, it's interesting the things we notice and the things we don't notice when bursting. For example the building I got down pat (as I was obsessively hunting down bathrooms in my mind), but the other people there, because I was pretending they didn't exist, I can't recall much about them at all.... strange :)

{{:

Rachel, that is the most elaborate planned accident story I've seen, maybe eclipsing my own accident in front of about 20 classmates when I was seven. If I see you have an accident like this, I will kindly hand you a thick diaper like this one. You can bike home wearing that.

}}

I kinda want to hear more about you planned accident at 7, I may have read it, what's the link?

Ah also, for those interested, this is the picture I snapped with my phone.... you can see the wetspot on the bed.

*036*2015-04-10 03:36

{{:

Actually, you were the first to comment on it when I posted it here in October 2012:

$/9687-a-more-detailed-account-of-my-accident-in-school/

}}

Ah this one, I remember this experience... Loved it :)

*041*2015-04-16 22:02

{{:

Knowing firsthand what it feels like when you do rapid desperation...

...all I can say is wow. You were really aiming to push yourself to the limit, huh? Absolutely incredible.

}}

Thanks, it was pretty intense, I would have never taken it that far unless I had been in public with no choice :)

{{:

I am curious does I have to assume your boy friend knows about your accident. So what happened when you got home?

}}

Erm... not quite.... I haven't really talked about it yet.... I will have to explain the scrubs some time...

*048*2019-01-25 21:31

{{On 1/23/2019 at 10:43 PM, Despholder said:

Reading this article. Best 45 minutes ever spent

}}

Aww thanks! It was a little long

