Rachel’s Jeans Wetting POV [Video+Photos] - Page 3

Author: rachelkirwan

*051*2013-10-30 20:41

{{:

Ive gpt an old camera if you still want to swap for some wet panties =)

}}

Thanks hun, actually someone was very nice and helped me out but thanks!

*055*2013-10-31 18:42

{{:

Alright well if i can help you out in any way let me know :3

}}

{{:

Nice, if the whole camera situation is worked out already! Was reading through the thread, wondering how to put it, making a small contribution to your new camera, without sounding like a creep =) Not saying I'm not enjoying your work (becuse I am,very much so), but the posts you make here on the forum makes you sound like such a nice person.

}}

Thanks guys I'll let you know that's very kind of you!

*057*2013-11-01 19:11

{{:

Ooh brings back some very pleasant memories, and I hope some future adventures. Nothing gets my attention faster and the targeted body part (of course when my wife does it she is looking to get....) excited then, "honey I am feeling naughty would you like it if I peed my pants". For us it is an afternoon delight.

}}

Lucky boy, I'm still working up the courage to tell my BF...

*059*2013-11-08 05:35

{{:

What are you waiting for, any young man worth the effort and with functioning testicles is going to be turned on by an attractive women having to remove her panties. Stage a little accident, then of course you will have to change, allow him to watch, then get cleaned up, an excuse to shower together, or if you have his undivided attention allow him to wash your bottom with a nice warm wash cloth. Watch his reactions the next step is that was really naughty of me , and drop a hint about you needing to be punished for having the accident. maybe let him pick,

One of my close friends in college had a very big accident while sitting on my lap the story is for another day. However she introduced me to naughty girl nookie, girl assumes the spanking position in her case she bent over her bed in her dorm room, the spanking implement was. ,, you understand I am sure. That beautiful bare bottom bent over the bed, her wet pants and panties around her ankles and the aroma of well hydrated urine. Did not make it very long the first time, but with practice we improved upon the duration.

Bottom line every women I know has the god given gift of persuasion over us guys (don't worry we kind of like it that way) use it. Unless the guy is a total prude (go find some one else)you will have his undivided attention every time you do that little I have to pee dance. Just give yourselves lots of time to let it play out.

}}

Hehehe, yeah I'm not really that kind of girl. I mean I didn't lose my virginity until I was in grad school (a PhD not my MA mind), and well I'm pretty shy about these things.

I did get the memo women sent around a while back about using sex to control men, its been filed but well yeah. I think that my BF's reaction upon my having an accident would not exactly be the punishment fantasy which you describe (hot thought it may be and this is a huge fantasy for me), just... yeah I'll have to get way more comfortable with this kinda stuff first. Telling him about my UI took enough courage as is (which by the way I've written an epic experience for everyone about, to be posted soon!).

*065*2013-11-18 21:40

{{:

I saw a new post and was getting excited, they are that good :)

}}

Aww you guys are so nice, I've got something special and very long coming up but its taking a while... :)

{{:

Rachel, as a new member of this forum, this is the first of your posts that I have seen. First, I am very sorry to hear about your camera. I use cameras a lot (mostly video, but some still), so I know just how sucky it can be to have one break... especially if it's an accident.

Second, this post, and your video, are phenomenal! I have seen quite a few wetting videos in my time, and this is definitely one of my favorites. I could picture you standing right outside that stall, and I'll just say that if I had been "Joe," you may have seen me outside your stall again when you were finished!

The only thing that would have made it better would have been to see it in person!

}}

Thanks!

*071*2015-11-21 07:59

{{:

That was quite interesting. My first post here btw so and new to this website. You gave me a decent intro to this new fetish. ^^

}}

Why thank you, I'm glad you liked it, and it's good to see this post revived, I worked very hard on it. I'm sorry I haven't been able to post more, soon I hope :) I do have lots of experiences to tell :)

