My hold earlier tonight

Author: Anti-SJW (211)

*000*2012-12-06 05:13

I had to pee at about 4:30 { afternoon }, after having held since 1:00. I wasn't extremely desperate. But my bladder was bulging decently and I would have peed if given the opportunity. I was talking to a special person, under the username of xXDeathQueenXxXX. I wanted to stay with her until she went to sleep, and I did. After she went to sleep, I went to the restroom. After that, I was in a curious mood. So I decided to get a total of nine bottles of water, one full glass after drinking an entire glass and refilling, two bottles of pomegranate blueberry tea, and the last of my grapefruit juice.

I drank my first and second bottles with speed. I downed the third in no time. I was on my fifth when I lost count. I kept drinking until my bladder began to really feel full { I show a bulge before I need to do anything special to help myself hold }. I kept playing games, and listening to music, miscellaneously talking with people. I was hoping to talk with Mel through it, but she wasn't able to stay around.

I kept holding, my bladder kept getting more and more full, bigger and bigger. Not long and I could feel it constantly, the pain was intense, but it felt so good... I wanted to keep going. I kept drinking, and holding, and I didn't stop drinking - I didn't want to let myself off easily. After a little while of this, at about 9:12 PM, I was feeling very desperate for the first time in a very long time, at least it seems like so. I was so sure I wanted to get permission first. Wouldn't want to pee without permission ;) { as you could probably tell, I was feeling VERY curious all night. } I kept holding, hoping that someone would reply to something I sent, and give me permission. 

I held on, and nobody came online or answered my call. So I kept drinking and holding, and took some pictures of my bulging bladder { will post. }. I had finished both bottles of tea and five bottles of water, from what I paid attention to. Anything else was a blur. I finally started feeling the pressure at a constant, my bladder was hard as a rock and I couldn't stand up straight or lay down flat on my back - I even tried laying face-down on my bed, to put pressure on it, and that caused me to let out a little, making a wet spot on my shorts. I was so desperate at that point, and I was still hoping someone would come online and let me relieve myself ;).

It wasn't long and I was at my absolute limit, I knew that if I kept holding there would be no way I could make it. I had to use my hand to hold, and I was constantly in a lot of pain... At the same time, it was so arousing. After a while, I lost control and let some out in my shorts, then tried desperately to keep it inside, only to let a little more out, and my bed got a decent-sized wet spot on it. I was still absolutely bursting, my bladder was so full and it was all I could feel - Pain and pleasure. I tried to get up, making another wet spot on my bed in the process, then I let out a lot more, somehow soaking my pillow. 


I was able to get near the exit of my room before I finally lost complete control, and with a really loud hissing noise, it poured out of me like a hose, I dropped to my knees to minimize the sound of pee splashing on the floor, gripping my blanket harshly, hoping that I could cut the flow. I emptied a lot of pee from my bladder before I was able to stop, and I still had to pee badly. I examined the puddle on the floor, then made a rush for it, letting out a lot more in my shorts before I was able to pull them down and sit on the toilet, fully relieving myself with a powerful stream. I was too exhausted and too jittery from the need to be able to stand and pee. It was the best relief i've felt in all of my life.

I just sort of wish someone had been there to talk with me through it... And deny me the restroom. ;)

*002*2012-12-07 17:14

I appreciate the compliment. ^,^

This was among the best holds i've ever done, probably being... Third on my top five. Makes me want to post about my best hold... xD

