Shopping Desperation (re-post)

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-13 16:36

Here is another short story that was in my Sightings thread -

We were wandering round the shops and came across a small crowd gathered round a Nativity scene and a small paddock with some donkeys in, they were allowing people to dress up as a nativity character and have their photo taken and then have a donkey ride. We were stood watching when a woman and her husband and little boy came up. The little boy wanted a Donkey ride and him and his dad went and joined the queue. The woman then stood watching and I noticed her cross her legs and start tapping her foot, but at the time I just assumed she was cold. It wasn't till her husband came back that I found out it was because she needed to pee.

She said to her husband “can we go onto the market after here cos I need the loo” and her husband said OK. Then they waited for their son to come back and she stood tapping her foot and kept crossing and uncrossing her legs. As nice as it was to watch she didn’t seem too desperate and I wasn’t going to get attached to her until her son came back and she said “come on lets go to the market, mummy needs the toilet, that coffee has gone straight through me” and after hearing that I was hooked :p.

They set off up the road towards the market and it just so happened that’s where we wanted to be as well (its true I'm telling ya :p) so we followed behind. On the way up the son went up to the toy shop window and asked to go inside which they did and we went in as well. Immediately as they went in the kid ran off to look round and the dad went after him leaving her stood by the door where she resumed her foot tapping. We had a quick look round then went and stood outside and watched her in the door way and it became apparent that the coffee she mentioned was still filtering into her bladder as she became more fidgety with each passing second. About 5 minutes later the husband and son came back and they set off again. Upon entering the market there was a little fair ground and she said “do either of you need to go” and when they said no she said “go wait over there ill just nip to loo”. She then went up to where the toilets are.

In the particular place we were there is only a single toilet for the public and when we got arrived there were 4 people waiting, not many when looking at the size of the crowds. She joined the back of the queue and stood tapping her foot. Even though she was fidgety she didn't look that desperate but suddenly she began rocking on her feet in rhythm. She did this motion until she was second in line and then did something which proved just how desperate she was. She was wearing a long coat which came to halfway down her thighs and she crossed her legs and slipped her hand inside the coat and grabbed herself....this action mixed with the feet rocking dance was very arousing to watch.

Eventually she reached the front of the queue and was next to go in, but the guy who had gone in before seemed to be taking a while. He was an elderly bloke and she knocked on the door and enquired if he was OK. He said he was and she seemed happy and went back to grabbing herself. A couple of minutes passed and she was doing a full on pee dance with her hand in her crotch but the fact that you couldn't see that because it was hidden by her coat was such a tease. I couldn't help but imagine her slowly losing control and small droplets of pee snaking their way down her sexy nylon covered legs and I was that lost in thought I didn't notice the old man come out and her rush in....not that it mattered, what I had seen in my mind was good enough for me :p

*003*2014-09-14 23:08

{{ 

If it was in a previous thread, why did you feel the need to post it again? Just curious.

}}

It was originally posted in a thread i had with multiple stories of sightings but it got removed and I was asked where one of the stories was and if i could post it again so im posting the more popular ones that were in the original thread

*005*2014-09-15 11:47

{{ 

Why did that thread get removed exactly?

}}

Two of the stories had pictures attached to them which when I posted them they were fine but then when the forum rules changed they were against the new policy so Kirito removed the thread.

