Desparate bikeride (female wetting)

Author: Princess Nick

*000*2011-07-27 16:14

So I decided that on sunday, I would try and do an actual holding. I was aloofly holding all day, not drinking anything imparticular, just not peeing that day. I was about a 5 on the deparation chart, when I told Faust that I was going to step it up a notch. I chugged an entire water bottle (maybe not a lot but I don't drink water much) and went on a bike ride, on a harsh and muddy track with no rest stops on the way. I realized quickly that peddling whilst desparate was not an easy task, and became more desparate as time went on. when i got to the park, I spent about 20 minutes on the swings before trying to go home. I found peddling a lot harder then, and stopped at every bench to rest.

I found it intresting, but when I leaned over, yes it made me extreamly desparate, but it made me really freaking aroused too. I liked it a lot. So I toyed with my body, leaning over as far as I could, until my mom called and told me to go home.

When I got there, I sat in pain as my mum lectured me for not finishing supper. after she was done, I snuck over into the bathroom to finish the job. Now I had never wet before. So I was very nervous. I turned on the bath tub full blast to cover any sounds that I might make as I began.

Now I wasn;t as desparate as I could be, but this was more a test than anything. I began expermenting with differnt poses that aided my pain, until I found one that made me pop. Now I had removed my shorts, but was in boy-short like panties. They held the water in nicly, so every 20 seconds or so I would have to put my knees back together so the liquid would pout oud the sides. It took me about five minutes to fully finish from the time I began to actually drip. I lookede around me and thought "wholly crap! all of that was inside me 0,0" Well...it felt pretty good, so I am doing it agian today. Come watch in the live action. Thanks agian

*002*2011-07-27 16:52

{{ 

Nice story. Ever since an omo video I saw, there's something I find very hot about a woman desperate while riding a bike.

}}

Daw thank you <3. It was a lot of fun (know ehre I can find that vid?)

*004*2011-07-27 17:19

Sounds good

Oh this is so weird. I don't usually do any real holding. And I chugged +64oz. I'm gonna be hurting soon.

*006*2011-07-27 17:28

Yeah I kinda skipped from 0-100 on that one didn't I xD

