Oh How Embarrassing

Author: Suki

*000*2013-06-10 10:02

Hello, just a few days ago, I went swimming at the ocean with my two friends, and an incident or two happened along the way.

I woke up early, and I immediately ran into my closest friend's room to wake him up. "Wake up, wake up!" I yelled energetically.

He sat up, and rubbed his eyes groggily. "What time is it?" He asked.

I smiled. "It's six in the morning!" I kissed him gently on the forehead.

"Oh yeah...it's summer!" He said, fitting the side of his head jokingly.

I was mentally bouncing up and down with joy. "Let's go to the beach!" I said happily.

"Okay!" He said. I went into my room, and was trying to find out what to wear. I found a pair of tight, black shorts, and an equally tight fitting white blouse. I tied a pink ribbon around the collar, and underneath my clothing were lacy, red underwear. I tied my hair up, and I left the room. He seemed to be ready in no time flat. He wore loose clothing, black shorts that reached a little past his knees, and a loose, white short sleeved shirt. I chuckled at the color similarities.

"Shall we pick her up?" I asked. He looked at me, and nodded. As I was about to exit the house, he stopped me.

"Oh, do you have an extra ribbon?" He asked. I nodded, and went into my room, I searched a little, and found an elegant black ribbon. I handed it to him, and he tied his hair back. "Thank you." He said politely. I just smiled, and took his hand. I started walking, leading him. We kept walking and talking, we liked to reminisce about the past, and when we reached the house, I knocked on the door. My friend took a minute, but she arrived at the door.

She was wearing a black skirt and a black blouse. "I'm ready for the beach!" She said energetically. We both cheered, and started walking again. "So..." She said to my closest friend, "you ready to pick out our swimsuits?"

He sighed. "Sure..." I felt a little bad for him, he always felt embarrassed when it came to those things. "I guess I'll do it." He had a gym bag that had his swimming trunks already. We kept walking, and I noticed something. My friend started fidgeting slightly every so often. I wondered if she was either needing to pee, or was just eager. I was thinking both.

I put my mouth up to her ear, and whispered. "Do you need to use the restroom?" She immediately blushed. My closest friend doesn't know about her having the same fetish.

"Yes...but I can hold it." She whispered with slight confidence.

My closest friend was looking away for a few seconds, so I seized the opportunity. I whispered, "Oh, really?" Then pressed on her bladder. She inhaled sharply, then looked at me again, her face completely red.

He looked back, and saw her. "Oh, is the heat getting to you?" He asked. She shook her head, and we kept walking. We made jokes, and talked about how fun it will be there. About half way there, her fidgeting was a lot worse than before. She was constantly needing to move around, and on occasion, had to cross her legs or press them together. My closest friend was so deep into talking, he didn't even notice.

We managed to approach the store without her wetting herself, but she was really holding it in, as if any escaped, she would die. We entered, and she immediately rushed to the restroom...line. There was a line there, and she was at the end. I stayed by her side, and I told my closest friend to stay outside until we're ready. He just left the building, and rested his back against the wall, absorbing the sun into his extremely pale skin.

I didn't even feel like joking about my friends situation, she was holding on with all her might, and it would surely fail if the others wouldn't be slow. I heard a distinctive noise, and looked to my right at her. By how much I know about her, it was obvious in my eyes that she was starting to get aroused from holding it, but she was still a little embarrassed in public for that, so she was attempting to suppress it. She gasped aloud, and she whispered to me. "I-I leaked a little bit..."

I looked at her with concern, her legs were crossed, shaking, and bobbing. Her hands were lodged between her legs, and she was aroused and desperate. I was having trouble not leaping onto her and making out, but I knew that I shouldn't do that in public. I heard some drops, and then it became a forceful sound. I looked at her, and she was wetting herself and crying. It turned out she must have been holding it for longer than I thought.

When her bladder emptied, she immediately lost strength in her legs, and fell to her knees, bawling. I immediately ran to my closest friend, and grabbed him by the arm, racing him to her. He didn't say a word, but helped her up, and hugged her tightly. She cried a little less, and less, until it completely stopped. He was a really compassionate person who can easily comfort and soothe anyone. He pulled her aside, and gave her a pair of loose shorts. "Here."

With a teary face, but without crying, she grabbed them. "Why do you have extra shorts?" She asked.

"Oh, if these got wet from the ocean, I would have a spare for the walk home." He got her into a changing booth, and decided to mop up her pee. When she got out, he was finished, and the line was gone. She walked into the restroom to wash her hands, and we decided to pick out what kind of swimsuits we should wear. We picked out two random ones, and changed. I looked at my friend, she had a glamorous black bikini that looked great on her, it had exposed just enough skin to show off her breasts and ass perfectly.

She looked sort of embarrassed though, most likely due to the accident. "D-does this look good?" She asked, posing.

"Yeah." He said, trying not to look up, albeit us doing this every year, he never gets over being embarrassed himself. I waved to get his attention as my friend went back inside the booth to change into normal clothes. I was wearing a white bikini that was exposing more of my breasts than I would prefer, but it was overall pretty nice.

"Does it look nice?" I asked.

He nodded, "Yes." I put my hands on my hips, and walked towards him. The closer I got, the lower his head got. When I was right in front of him, I grabbed his head, and yanked it upwards.

"Why are you always so embarrassed!?" I yelled.

"I feel like a pervert being here." He said sadly.

I was getting really frustrated that he has been doing this, so I finally snapped, and showed him my anger...in an awkward manner in retrospect. "Oh, a pervert, eh!?" I crouched down slightly, and grabbed his head, jamming it in my breasts. I felt his face getting really, really hot, and after about an entire minute, I let him go. He immediately looked down, and I just felt bad about what I did. "I'm sorry." I grabbed his hand and lifted him up.

"Stay here, please." I said, and walked into the booth. I took off the top piece of my bikini, looking at my breasts. I really felt terrible for what I did. I just resumed changing, and left the booth. On the way to the beach, I noticed that because I haven't use the restroom in so long, I was needing to use it as well.

My friend looked at me, and chuckled silently. She whispered in my ear. "The tables have turned..." Her hand put pressure on my bladder, and I did my best to hold it in. I was already quite desperate, and I was crossing my legs often. As we walked, my friend started torturing me subtly, such as patting my stomach, putting pressure on my bladder, and tickling me slightly whenever my closest friend wasn't paying attention. She was gliding her hands around my sides, and I accidentally let a few spurts out.

She knew whenever I leaked, so she eased up on the torture, but still didn't stop. I had to constantly press my legs together, and put one hand between my legs and covered my hand up with the bag that held my bikini. She took my hand away, and even more spurts came out. I put my hand back there immediately, straining and panting to hold it in. That's when I saw it, the beach. Sadly, I saw the ocean as well. Seeing the large mass of water made me think of being able to use the restroom, and I nearly lost it.

She knew that my closest friend probably didn't have a third pair of shorts, so she stopped trying to get me to wet myself. We managed to get to the changing rooms, where I rushed to the bathroom, pulling down my shorts and panties, and peed into the toilet with great pleasure. My friend entered the stall, and started making out with me, she reached down, and started rubbing my cleft. I moaned, and then she started to get a little more rapid with her actions, moving her finger in and out multiple times until I had an orgasm.

I moaned loudly, and I shuddered with pleasure. I immediately got cleaned up, and changed. Luckily, all the other women were at the beach, and not the changing room. We stepped on the warm sand in our bikinis, enjoying the summer sun. My closest friend exited the men's changing room, and ran over to us, waving. His long hair was swaying as well, albeit not as bad due to the ribbon I let him use. "Hey there, let's enjoy the day at the beach!"

It was a fun day.

The reason that my closest friend wanted to use a ribbon is due to that he has a hormone disorder. He is a male, but his hormones made him look like the opposite gender. That is why his hair grows quite fast, and is down to the small of his back. He is really nice, but when it comes to talking to my friend and I, he gives up really easily. I like his hormone disorder actually, I find it rare to see a male that you believe is just a flat-chested girl until they tell you, which is sometimes hard to believe, due to his voice box being affected as well.

