As Promised...

Author: Aayachan

*000*2014-04-20 06:29

Due to the encouragement I recieved from my first post, I promised to post another wetting experience tonight, so here it is:

I have a bit of UI as a result of child birth (I have a daughter). Now usually this isn't really a problem more than an annoyance; however, I suppose the fact that I like wetting probably helps that! ;)

This bit of UI only ever happens if I cough really hard, and it's typically a little leak or (at the very most) a little gush. It's never been more than enough to make a little damp spot in the crotch of my pants. Except for this time...

This happened a couple months ago. I had a few friends who dropped by to pick up a movie I had borrowed from one of them. There were two female friends and one male friend (if it matters). Being a polite little hostess as I tend to be, I offered them something to drink or a snack, and they decided to stay long enough to grab a bottle of water each and a bit of a chat. They were particularly interested in the guy I had just started seeing at the time (who is now my bf btw), so we chatted a bit about that. My friends didn't want to impose by staying too long since they knew I was just getting over a nasty head cold.

They were about to leave when one of them cracked a joke. I don't remember what he said, but I do remember it was hilarious. I laughed so hard, I wound up with a coughing attack. As usual a little bit of pee gushed out into the crotch of my pants. Normally that would have been all, and no one would have known anything; but this time as I kept coughing, more and more pee leaked out of me.

I hadn't even realized I needed to go until it started coming out. By the time the coughing attack stopped, I had nearly emptied my bladder. Luckily I had been sitting down on my couch, so nothing showed up on the front of my pants, or anywhere on the cushion except directly under me. However, I could totally feel that the seat of my pants were completely saturated, and I knew the cushion under me would be very wet as well. Luckily, my couches are dark brown, and the wet spot wouldn't be noticeable unless someone were to get very close to where I was sitting.

At first, even though I knew no one would have noticed anything, I was mortified! The conversation was winding down at that point anyway, so I knew my friends would be leaving soon. I decided that since I was already soaked, a little more wouldn't make any difference. I let the rest of my bladder's contents flow out of me in secret. Knowing what I was doing, and knowing I was the ONLY one that knew what I was doing, turned me on quite a bit.

When my friends eventually went to leave, I waited for them to start walking toward the door (so their backs were to me) before taking a quick peak at the front of my pants. I confirmed that there was absolutely no sign I had wet myself up front, so I saw my friends out the door (being very careful to keep my front to them the entire time). When they were finally gone, I inspected the damage in my bathroom mirror. Sure enough the back of my pants was nearly dripping they were so wet! I couldn't believe how lucky I was to have done that with three people looking directly at me while I humble-bragged about my new relationship, and they hadn't the faintest idea of what was happening!

