Im Conversation With Ex

Author: Meowth

*000*2010-08-15 06:45

I censored out her name to protect her privacy as I do with all names. I have A LOT of IM chat logs of us talking about this kinda thing, so I decided it was finally time to post one of her stories. I've never posted one before. I believe I met her not long after she had turned 18, and I was 16. Oh, and ignore the billions of faces. It was a habit she had that kinda rubbed off on me for awhile.

Y: Uhh, hm...I'll tell you one that happened today.

I'm not sure if it counts though >> XD

Me: k

Y: I was on my way to sixth period, and my friend wanted to put on eyeliner, and i needed to go to the bathroom. so we kinda rushed, but the line, as always, trailed off to the outside of the bathroom. frickin' females..so i practicaly killed the door slamming it closed, got late to class, and almost frickin' wet myself.

I made it up to my teacher by being smart. I usually reserve myself XD >>

Me: That totally counts XD

And it sounds like 'key in the lock' syndrome

Y: eh?

Me: It's where the site of the bathroom makes you need to go more

Sight

Y: lmao, and the line. it was cruel, really. -_-

And the chicks there were talking loudly about baby joints and their boifrans complaining about them not shaving down there. :|

Me: Ew :|

Y: inorite.

Get it waxed

Psh

Me: how much time did you have left? :o

Lmao

Y: or tell the guy to shutup and smack him.

Umm...practically -1 seconds :|

Me: so your telling me you would have wet yourself if you were delayed 5 seconds?

Y: I shudder to think the thought. Make it 10 seconds, though. I can go to great lengths if I really don't want to embarass myself. :|

Me: What if you were at home?

Would it have been different?

Y: Hm...yes

Environment can really make a difference.

Me: Makes sense.

So, delayed 5 seconds at home. Result?

Y: probably leak a couple drops and not care. just change my shorts. 'cause i wont be wearing any ghastly underwear.

Me: lol

Y: You know..have you ever worn a jockstrap?

Me: dare I ask 10 seconds? :o or 20 :000

Nope

Y: have you ever worn uncomfortable boxers/briefs/etc.?

Me: Why?

I suppose yes

Y: Feels like that 24/7 when I wear panties..hate it <<

And..

Probably just let myself get wet. and i'll change clothes

Me: Sounds sucky

I was going to rewrite it into a different perspective.. but I figured a raw chat form was original, so I kept it so. For the record, she didn't misspell boyfriends, she was imitating them. And for those wondering, she did not share my fetish, or get anything out of pee in anyway.

*002*2010-08-15 07:08

{{ 

Does she know you like this sort of thing?

}}

Definitely. That's the reason I managed to get her to tell me so many of her 'moments' and in such detail. Not to mention some of the other things she was willing to do. Shame it was strictly an internet relationship do to distance issues.

