Indian Friend After-School Wetting.

Author: Ranganath

*000*2014-10-14 13:28

Hi once again Everyone!

###

Today I will recount an encounter that I witnessed after school one day back in 12th grade. At this point of time, I was dating Shruthi, as I still am. This incident however, happened to a classmate of mine called Deepthi. Just to provide an image for the reader, Deepthi was a 5'6", skinny, dark-skinned girl. Coming from a very rich and upper-class family, she was quite snobbish and discriminatory. She used to attend school wearing jeans and a T-shirt, the uniform wasn't mandatory in the ending months of 12th standard, unlike the rest of the saree or Salwa Kameez wearing girls.

The story begins when, at the end of the day, I was heading out of the school to catch the bus home. On the bottom floor as I was heading out, I noticed Deepthi, standing out as much as ever, in the long queue outside of the female restroom. I continued on out, entered and sat in the bus, when I noticed a missing book, one that I had probably left in class. I lept out of my seat, and quickly walked back inside to class when I again noticed Deepthi, standing in queue. Her friend Keturah approached her and spoke;

"Hey Deepthi,", Deepthi spun around,"You should really get going, the buses will be leaving any time now.", Keturah said.

"I know,", replied Deepthi, "But well...Prakr̥ti karegaḷannu!,", she said sheepishly with a small smile. (nature calls).

Keturah smile understandingly, bid Deepthi goodbye, and left the building, catching her bus. I sprinted up to my classroom, retrieved the book, and just as I was leaving the building, our bus driver began to honk angrily. I turned to Deepthi and told her that we had to go now, that the bus was leaving. She turned around, face an unadulterated expression of dismay, gave the bathroom door one last longing sigh, and turned away, headed to the bus.

I climbed into the bus with her, feeling the anger of the teachers upon us for holding them up. As everyone else was seated, one pair of seats was left at the back, so Deepthi and I took our seats next to each other. Deepthi, opting for the window seat, climbed in first and sat down, firmly folding her denim blue jean clad right leg over the other.

Within a minute, I knew that Deepthi's plight was serious. Upon our bus driving over a small bump, Deepthi winced visibly and bend forward, hands tightly folded, and slim caramel elbows pressing tightly and not at all visibly, against her crotch. After a couple of minutes, she began slowly rocking back and forth.

Deepthi's stop actually lay after mine. Having always gotten of the bus at my stop, I had no clue as to how much further she lived. Deepthi and I were not actually close friends, rather, we actually didn't really get along that well, myself preferring to socialize with people of my own economic status and personalities.

After about 10 minutes of travel, I looked up at her face and saw her desperately biting her lower lip, a worried expression on her face. Another pothole in the road resulted in a squeak and both of her hand clenched, deeply between her thighs. She was clearly on the verge, struggling immensely. The next stop that came, on the bus route, was in front of a shopping complex cum mall. Deepthi, seeing this, almost panting, asked me to move aside. I did so and she sidled out past me, and made a beeline to the front of the bus, in an attempt to get off.

The teacher however, was not one to be easily fooled. Deepthi's desperation was not met with sympathy but rather, a sharp and piercing,

"OY! Nīvu elli hōguva? Nim'ma Gamyasthāna Mundina!", (Hey! Where are you going? Your stop is later), is a rough translation.

Deepthi, speaking in hushed tones, obviously trying her hardest to keep her predicament hidden from the rest of the students, tried to explain her situation to the teacher, but was met with a stern warning against any such nonsense in the future, further reprimand, and a harsh,

"Kulithu!", (now sit down).

All hope lost, Deepthi gingerly returned to my seat, thighs visibly pressed together. She took her seat silently, not speaking so much as a word, all concentration obviously being diverted towards prevention of a humiliating wetting in front of the entire bus. Within another 5 minutes, the bus had reached my stop, I stood up, slung my bag over my shoulder and made for the exit, when I was tapped on the shoulder. I turned around to see Deepthi, not in any means her usual self, softly whimpering and crying. She spoke softly between quiet sobs;

"Nānu barabahudu, dayaviṭṭu?" (please, can I come?). Her predicament was by now so visible that no other words need be spoken.

While this may seem rather astonishing to some people it is not so. Foreign readers, people who probably feel that India is a very conservative country, one in which the women would never speak of their need to relieve themselves, especially to a male, would be quite right, but only partially so. In normal cases, where the need is not too urgent, nothing on the subject is spoken. When the need is extremely bad however, women will do just about anything to avoid having an accident. Given the fact that in India, public urination for men at least, is a commonly accepted fact, people will, for the most part, turn a blind eye to a desperate woman squatting in an alleyway. A couple of times in the past, desperate ladies and aunties have asked me as to where the facilities were located, but this was something different. I was particularly taken aback owing to Deepthi's personality. She was from a very rich family and would never contemplate doing anything even close to that embarrassing.

I paused for a moment, nodded a yes, and headed to the exit. The teacher, who's stop was next,was searching for her bag underneath the seat,allowing Deepthi to leave without being sighted. We exited the bus and made for the apartment complex in which I stayed, Deepthi trying her best not to run in front of me, trying to retain her dignity.

We entered the elevator, pressed the button for the 13th floor, (this was my house in Tumkur, a flat in a massive residential apartment complex), and entered. The lack of movement, visibly worsened Deepthi's condition. She was bent over, her ass pressed against the elevator wall, and a hand between her tight denim clad legs.

When the lift reached the 6th floor, there was a loud 'switching' noise of sorts, followed by the lights in the elevator going off, followed immediately by the lift falling for a few feet, then jerking back to normal as the fail-safe activated. I was not concerned as, in my apartment, along with most others in Indian, powercuts are common, and so obviously result in occasionally problems such as these. As I live in an apartment complex though, the power cuts are nothing but a small delay between the disconnection of the main supply, and the time taken to initiate the generator, normally just under 20 seconds.

Around the 10 second mark, I heard a sob emanate form Deepthi's corner. I asked if she was okay but was met with nothing more than a soft sob. A strange smell began to fill the elevator, just as the lights came back on and the power was restored.

I looked at Deepthi and instantly saw that not all was okay.

She was in the corner of the elevator near the door, her butt pressed against the handlebar in the elevator, and one hand on her pubic area as she stood, bent over. The most striking feature was however, the slowly growing pool of liquid beneath her.

As is protocol by the elevator program, following a breakdown, the elevator automatically stops at the next immediate floor. The elevator ran for a second of two, as Deepthi continued to sob, and, as soon as the lift door opened, Deepthi sprinted out of it, hand held over her butt, as if to prevent me from seeing something. As she left, running out in front of me, I noticed the dark blue wet patches all over the back of her jeans. Not just this, but her flow was actually so strong that, in the back of the crotch region, I could actually see rivulets of urine flowing from her, down along the crevices of the jeans.

I stepped out of the lift, to see where she was going. She was still running down the corridor, hand over her backside. I walked behind her, noticing the almost unbroken wet stream on the tiled floor. Finally, upon reaching the end of the corridor, she darted into the stairwell. Though I was pretty sure as to what she was doing, I wasn't sure until, a split second after she ran behind the wall, a forceful splattering sound, akin to that of a powerful stream, reached my ears, loud as it is.

I stood their for a moment or two, then headed back to the elevator, opened it and stood inside, holding the doors open in anticipation of her return. All of a sudden, a loud and angry voice cut through the air;

"ĒNU HEL IVE NIVU MADUVA!! Heṇṇunāyi allal, soole magne!!" (long string of Kannada insults, the gist being: What the hell are you doing, you uneducated daughter of cock-sucking bastards), please bear in mind that this sounds a lot more badass when spoken properly in Kannada :P

No sooner, had these words been spoken, that I saw Deepthi hobbling out of the stairwell, struggling to pull up her skinny jeans, which had proved to be too skinny :) . Her tight brown ass and her curly pubes were fully visible for 2-3 seconds, as she sprinted down the hall towards me, pulling up her pants with both hands. The moment she entered the lift, I shut the doors and sent it to the ground floor.

Deepthi looked at me, embarrassed as hell, her face still wrought with genuine trepidation, as she quickly looked away. I allowed myself the luxury of taking one final glance at the back of her pants, still wet with piss, dark blue spots remaining as testament to what had happened. Upon reaching the ground floor, I bid her farewell, and she in turn, waved, gave me a sheepishly embarrassed smile, turned around and left. I felt bad for Deepthi, knowing that she'd have to find a way to return home in those wet pants, and worse still, she would have to return home, to her parents, clad in clingy wet denims. This tiny sense of concern and pity vanished instantly when, the next morning at school, she showed up, her regular bitchy discriminatory self, acting as if nothing had happened. Deciding against unnecessarily making things between us worse, I withheld this information and, to this day, have told no one. That is, till now at least

____________________________________________________________________________________________________

Thanks once again to everyone for reading. Any tips or advice would be greatly welcomed. Before I leave however, I have one request to make of you.

To all of the Indians on this website, please narrate your personal experiences or any witnessed by you. Regardless of the way the event happened, please don't refrain from posting, as in doing so, you will help to contribute to the multitude of Indian desperation lovers.

Also, I'm not entirely sure where to post this, but would it, by any chance be possible, to upload some Indian desperation videos. I'm sure there are quite a few online but I am having some trouble finding them. If anybody has some, from their personal collection, please upload :). In particular, there are quite a few Indian videos from Clips4Sale. If anyone has an Indian Video of their's, please go ahead and post it .

Goodbye!!

*003*2014-10-21 03:27

Thanks a lot to Shaggydog and wettingman. If anyone else has any thoughts or comments pleasefeel free to share :) . Also, for my next story, I was going to write on one of the two following incidents. One, an event that took place on the trip from Tumkur to Wayanad ( a city in the south of the country ) on a school field trip. Second, an incident that took place in Bangalore. Bangalore is predominantly a city for clubbing, partying and whatnot, unlike my small quiet town. On a visit there, a friend of mine and I met some girls at a club on Brigade Road (A happening place), and the story continues from there :) . Please get back to me as soon as possible as I am leaving to Delhi in a day or two and I would prefer to post before then, otherwise it'll be quite some time before my next post.

