Wetting Yourself at Work (Part 1)

Author: QuakingFaith

*000*2013-08-23 00:44

I'm proud of the fact that I have never once wet my pants at work! Never even come that close. While I do still have a few stories about myself to tell, today I'm going to segue off to some stories that I've been told about in real life.

A few years ago I was working in a biology lab and shared an office with three other girls. One of which was a pretty blonde named Annika who was forever not going to the toilet when she clearly needed to and it wasn't at all uncommon to see her wriggling about on her chair or standing at a lab bench bouncing up and down. She was very open about needing to pee (I'm not) and was always saying things like "I'm about to wet myself!" or "I'm busting to go to the toilet". She'd sometimes tell (unsolicited) stories about times when she was really desperate. She also gleefully told me a few stories about girls she knew who had wet their pants (never any guys though ). She was equally gleeful and excited with the one story she admitted to me about wetting her own pants. I'm fairly sure she was into desperation and wetting as well, though we certainly never discussed that.

I could just tell you what Annika told me, as close to as I can remember of a story I heard years ago now, and I will. But I'm going write two versions of the story. The second, if you want to just scroll down to it, is absolutely true and unembellished (at least by me). The first version of the story is me imagining what I would have felt and done if I were in the situation the girl in the story found herself in (I've fantasied about that quite a few times over the years ). It isn't literally true though so if you prefer accuracy just skip down.

The overweight woman was really starting to piss me off. How long does it take to pick out a freaking $20 locket? She was going to make me pee myself in a minute. Quite possibly literally a minute. It was infuriating. And unfair, if I was honest. She didn't know I was just about wetting myself, and it was really entirely my fault that I had gotten myself into the mess.

Peeing was the very first thing I did of the morning. By necessity, I _always_ wake up desperate so if I tried to do something else first I'd be peeing second, and not by choice. After that I had a quick shower, tied my hair back and threw on my work clothes. Black pants, black polo top with the jewelry-store-I-work-at's name stitched across the chest. I didn't eat breakfast much in those days so I just had an orange juice and made myself a mug of tea instead.

I didn't have to be at work until 11 and I had a chemistry exam the next day so I flung myself back on my bed, I always studied in bed rather than at my desk, and immersed myself in chirality and electron shells.

After a while I looked at the clock to see if I'd have to start getting ready soon and was horrified to see that it read 10:50. I dropped my textbook to the floor with a thud and grabbed my bag from the top of a pile of stuff near the door (I'm not neat *blush*) and slipped on my black flats.

Luckily I live only a five minute drive from work. So by the time I parked outside the shopping centre where my store was I still had 2 minutes to be at work on time. I rushed through the centre and slowed to a more casual pace as I walked into the shop.

"Hi Faith" called out Annika, she was the other girl who was working today.

"We're having a bit of a busy morning so far. After you put your bag down do you want to work the floor and I'll do the counter" she said with a wide smile. I don't think I ever saw Annika while anything other than a smile.

As I put down my bag in the back room of the shop I realized I'd made a mistake. I had to pee. I always, always, always pee before I start a shift. Particularly a five hour shift with no scheduled breaks (the longest permitted by workplace law). I knew there was no way I could possibly hold out for five hours, I was going to have to ask Annika for a toilet break at some point. But I could hardly ask to go two minutes into my shift. That would make me look silly. I'd have to wait at least a little before I asked her.

Contrary to Annika's assertions of a busy morning the store was complete dead when I went back out so I took the opportunity to give the floor a quick vacuum whilst no customers were around. I don't like vacuuming with a full bladder. I find the vibrations make me feel like I have to go worse than I actually do.

I decided that half an hour into my shift was an acceptable time to ask for a toilet break. So after the vacuuming I started wiping down some of the glass and watched the clocks. There was always one in sight. There were a lot of clocks in the shop, we sold them, and they were all set to the precise, correct, time. Management insisted, and occasionally checked.

At exactly 11:28, trust me I know, a tall, well dressed, honey blonde woman walked into the store with a well dressed and well proportioned man. They walked straight to the ring cabinet. My heart sunk inwardly. There was a good chance this would take a while. If they bought an engagement ring it would be good for Annika and my daily KPIs (numbers that tell the store if we are good workers, they are a stupid system so don't get me started). But it would have been nice if they'd walked in three minutes later .

I couldn't interrupt Annika's sale so I kept cleaning glass and watching a few stray other customers who said they didn't need help and were just browsing. It was starting to get serious. I'd convinced my bladder it was going to be empty by now and I didn't know when the couple would pick out a ring (or just leave). Hopefully it would be before I peed all over myself.

The minutes ticked by, literally, and I swear that woman must have tried on every diamond ring we stock. And we stocked a lot! 12 o'clock passed by, then a quarter past. I was dying. I was just about to try and catch Annika's eye and just mime that I needed a bathroom break when Annika and the couple moved over to the cash register. Thank goodness! I'd be peeing, in a toilet, within ten minutes. I could feel the emotional (not physical!) relief wash over me.

Just then an older lady came up to me with a fairly complex question about earrings. There is more to them than you think, regarding allergies and stuff. When I'd finished helping her I looked around for Annika. She was actually waiting for me.

"Hey Faith" She grinned

"I've gotta go pee. I thought I was going to wet myself before that couple were going to decide on a ring." Annika did a quick (mock?) pee dance. "I'll just take my lunch break whilst I'm out"

Before I could say a word she'd turned her back and was out of the shop. Her lunch break was 45 minutes long. I wasn't in any way confident that I could wait for 45 minutes more. I was going to have to call her on her mobile and ask her to come back. But not straight away obviously, I had to give her a little time to go to the bathroom first.

Ten minutes later I'd actually picked up the phone to call her when an overweight women interrupted me with a request to get a locket out of a cabinet for her. I suppressed the sigh. I grabbed the right key from beneath the register and walked out on the floor to the locket cabinet. I had to squat down to unlock the tray that held the lockets. I wasn't careful enough with my critically overfull bladder as I did so because I leaked a little into my knickers as I squatted. I bit off a yelp. This locket women had better be quick.

She was not. She wanted to look at all the lockets. And complain about the, very reasonable, prices. I told her I couldn't offer discounts. Honestly I didn't try very hard to sell anything to begin with. But I didn't want to be actually rude and earn a complaint. She struck me as the kind of person who might lodge a complaint.

I leaked again. I didn't dare look down to see if it showed. My work pants didn't seem like the kind of fabric that would show leaks, but I know from experience you never can tell with any certainty. I changed tactics. If she couldn't be dissuaded from buying, then I'll convince her to buy. I picked up a few lockets she had shown the most interest in. I regretfully squatted down to relock the locket cabinet, earning another leak for my trouble, then casually lured her over to the cash register. This had two benefits. One was a sales tactic to limit options and put purchasing in the back of her mind. And two it let me get back behind the counter so that if I lost control I wouldn't be visible to either the overweight woman or anyone walking past the store.

I tried really hard to sell those lockets. But she just kept on prevaricating and I just kept on leaking. At this point I'd just about given up on making it to the toilet. All I wanted was for her to go away and let me finish having my accident on my own. Just as I was about to offer her a steep discount and pay the difference with my own money she abruptly decided she would buy a locket.

"It looks lovely on you" I forced a smile

"Will you be paying cash or with a card?"

"Card"

I pushed the card reader around to her and as I did I started peeing unstoppably. I managed to keep it to a steady trickle so I hope she didn't hear me, but I couldn't stop peeing though I desperately wanted to.

I finished around the time I passed her the bag with her locket and wished her a lovely day.

After she had turned away I looked down. My pants glistened with wetness. There was a big circle on the carpet in front of the register like a manhole cover where my pee had soaked in.

I grabbed the phone and dialed Annika's mobile. She picked up on the third ring.

"Annika! It's Faith. Can you come back to the shop right away?"

"What's happened?" She sounded alarmed

I didn't want to say it. But she was going to find out in a minute anyway.

"I wet my pants."

There was a pause

"Ok. I'll hurry."

A minute later Annika burst into the shop and came around the counter to where I was still standing behind the register.

"What happened? I thought that you said you wet your pants. Can you call someone to bring you some clothes?" She said with wide eyes.

I panicked. My parents were in Spain. I didn't have a boyfriend. I didn't really want my friends to know, and they probably wouldn't be free anyway. Annika must have seen my indecision.

"Or I can go get you some clean clothes? Are you a size 10?"

"12. Thank you Annika."

"No problem. I'll be back in 10. I'll run. Stay behind the counter. Tell people you have to stay there when no one else is in the store."

Annika was back quickly, though it felt like ages. She gave me a bag and hustled me into the back room where I peeled off my wet pants and knickers. Annika had even bought a towel so I could dry off properly. My shoes were still a bit damp to have to put back on.

I came back out to find Annika cleaning up the pee soaked carpet with another towel.

"You don't have to do that!" I said

"It's fine. I'm sorry I left you here when you were busting, I didn't realize."

"You didn't know, don't feel like it's your fault. It's my fault."

I gave her the rough details of what had happened.

"Do you want to go home? You can if you want."

"No. I feel better now." I smiled "Might as well finish up"

Annika used to work at a jewelers in a shopping centre near our lab whilst she was at university and had become a part-time supervisor. One weekend she had had another student working with her for part of the day and this other girl would cover the store whilst Annika went to eat lunch. Annika had rushed out for her lunch break because the store had been busy all morning and, ironically, she had really needed to pee. With about ten minutes left on her lunch break Annika got a call on her mobile. It was the other girl asking her if she could come back to the store because she "had wet her pants". In as close to my memory of Annika's words permits "The whole walk back to the shop I was thinking "Did she really say she wet her pants?" but when I got back, sure enough, there was a puddle".

Annika went on to describe that the other girl had been wearing black pants and that she (Annika) had gone back into the centre to buy the other girl new knickers, pants, and socks. Apparently the other girl just went into the backroom and changed and then finished the rest her shift. Annika said that if she ever wet her pants at work she would definitely want to go home, and she would have been more than happy to let the other girl go.

I wanted to tell you more about Annika and the time that she peed herself but I'm about to pee myself at my desk if I write any longer. Instead I'll write a "Part II" tomorrow, maybe, and play a game. I need to cook Tom some dinner before I go to work because I'll be working back really late (I'm still a feminist, he does the washing(!), I'm just better with food). So I'm going to go to the kitchen and make dinner (sausage and bean in a crushed tomato and molasses sauce) before I let myself use the toilet. If I can hold on then great, if I can't then... the kitchen floor needs mopping anyway. Wish me luck!

