Home alone

Author: Luna

*000*2012-10-01 15:28

This was written a few months before hand. I was a bit shy of posting it back then because of the embarrassing content, as it has some other fetishes with wetting.

I’ve been planning to do something naughty for a while now, but I never found the time. Until a few days ago, I was left alone at home. It was Friday morning and I was lying in my bed like a sly fox waiting for the right moment. Around 7:30am I hear the garage door open, I assumed it was my father leaving for work. Next, I waited for my mother to leave at 8:30am for her outing with her friends to the city, which she told me last night. So, around 8:45am I started to plan my day of mischief, knowingly that I have limited time to fulfil my delightful desires.

I lively jumped out of my slumber onto the frozen floorboards. My heart was beating so fast it echoed in my head. But I didn’t care; I was determined to begin my plan. I quickly shed off my sweat soaked pyjamas, which was drizzled in nervous perspiration. I was left in the bitter air with only my boy shorts and bra. I slid open my drawers and wardrobes, taking all of my intended ingredients; a black one piece swimsuit, pair of jeans, a cotton ball, a casual top with a grey hoddie.

I slowly slid my legs into the black swimsuit and pulled it up, over my undergarments and through my arms. I did this because I didn’t know where I would hide my underwear, I couldn’t leave them lying around. Next, I quickly unravelled the ball of cotton. I’m into rope bondage if you didn’t know. I distinctively remember how to bind myself up in ropes from countless videos of rope bondage. So I casually tied a few knots then pulled the rope between my legs and lifted it straight up my back, digging into my valley through the swimsuit and underwear. I bound my body up tighter than usual to enhance the pleasure along with the growing bladder. It was 15mins past 9 and I just finished my preparations for the day.

So I walked down the staircase towards the kitchen to eat breakfast, being sure to drink a lot of fluids like orange juice. After breakfast, which was about 9:30am my bladder level was around 5/10; despite I didn’t go in the morning. It wasn’t enough to please me, so I took the liberty of drinking water every half an hour for a steady increase in pleasure. So by 11am, I think my bladder was around 7/10, which was slowly rising. By now, I was a little bit fidgety, but not too much since the ropes distracted me most of the time; rubbing and sliding when I’m walking.

I began to have a faint change of heart, my conscience was telling me it was bad and I shouldn’t continue. I ignored the wise warning and strayed off course of my plan. I wanted more and more as there was no one to stop me. So I went back up stairs and decided to add some shorts and overalls; a bladder's worst nightmare.

I quickly took off the long jeans and put on the shorts, then I put them back on. Next, I placed back my hoddie and wedged myself into the out grown overalls. They were a little bit smaller than me, so I had to sit down and force the straps into the clips. This made it a little bit uncomfortable on me, as it pressed against my chest.

When I was finished I started to wonder what to do, since it was only 20 past 11am and my bladder was about an 8/10. I came to realize I've never reached a full bladder, so I when down and drank 3 full glasses of water. This was to make sure it was a dramatic increase in pressure instead of a steady pace, since I knew I would probably wet myself if it was slow.

All that was left was to wait, so I started to read blogs on the web till midday. I slowly started to loss my concentration as my bladder flooded up, unable to sit still as I was about 9/10. I've never experience this much desperation nor pressure in my abdominal region, but it kept rising.

Now, I started to think 3 glasses was too much as I was definitely full. My conscience started to beg me that I shouldn't go on further, but I liked the feeling of the rope slicing me. It's as if it's holding my bladder for me, and it also felt pretty nice when it rubs against you.

I repeatedly changed my positions of my legs, to find that sweet spot. Yet, there was none. I began to doubt myself that I could hold it as the pressure and pain exponentially increased. So I carefully dashed towards the bathroom, ignoring to close the door. I started to try and unhook the straps, but it was futile with my extremely bloated stomach. I needed to get out of the clothes and quick, if I didn't I wouldn't be able to hide the evidence.

I knew I would get caught if there suddenly was clothes hanging out to dry, especially if there was 3 pairs of pants. So I desperately struggled to remove the straps of the overall before I can do anything. It was like those fantasy wetting scenes, where their pants get stuck.

I was in a bad situation. My Dam was on the verge of collapsing, only to be held by my bondage ropes. The time was running out as it was beginning to overflow, as the 3 glasses finally reached their destination. I began to squirt a few droplets, only to be soaked up by my underwear.

My bladder throbbed as the water rammed towards freedom. Another, quick spurt escaped through the cracks of the defense. My arms were shaking in desperation to unlock the overalls, but they were stuck like linking chains. The last spurt weakened my final stand, opening the road towards the light. Seeping through the swimsuit, into the cotton and absorbed into the shorts, jeans and overall. On leaving a trail of adventure down the back of my legs.

My breathing calmed down while i analyzed the damage. Yet, my heart was still pounding away in disbelief. I quickly wiped the floor and unlocked the overalls as my stomach deflated. I also removed both jeans and shorts, and started to untie the ropes. I then hopped into the shower and washed my underwear and swimsuit. I didn't bother washing the pants as they won't dry in the remaining time. I observed the stains, and found out there was little or no smell; since it was so dilute. So I just got my blow dryer and blew them for an hour.

I put everything back to place, except the swimsuit which I secretly wore under until the end if the day. I was wearing different clothes even though they were dry, because I didn't want the slightest chance of them finding out. In the end, they never found out as they never noticed I wore the clothes.

*005*2012-12-30 08:15

This is another home alone experience I had, it's somewhat similar to the one before but it's not total home alone.

It was two weeks after my mum caught me red handed in the mischief of wearing my black swimsuit over my briefs, two weeks of dreadful, boring and long days of laying low. Despite that, i've waited long enough and now the coast is clear with her suspicion of my fetish at little to nothing.

Here it goes. :)

It begins with a seemingly normal day, nothing out of the ordinary. I gently awoke as the sounds and vibrations of the closing garage door disturbed the peaceful house. I was still pretty tired, like always, so I thought I might sleep a bit longer. Suddenly, my bedroom door glides open, shining an array of light into the room. It was my mum as I slowly opened my eyes, she realized I was awake she questioned me: "Do you want to go shopping with me?"

I simply murmured "can I sleep in?" while turning my whole body to avoid the blinding light. Accepting my request, she quietly began to close the door.

My eyes gently sealed shut as I tried to fall asleep again. Only to be awoken again. The garage growled opened, and growled again as it closed. My mind began to wonder as I tried to fall asleep, "they all left" and "I'm all alone," I thought to myself. Now, all I thought of was nothing but bad intentions (which I liked), especially omorashi and multiple layered clothing. Since I began to think about naughty stuff, my morning bladder throbbed (which is always annoying if you want to sleep in). I realized "why not have some fun?" and I haven't had any in the past two weeks. The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to do it. So I thought to myself, "why shouldnt I?"

My eyes sprung open like a 'ninja' as I jumped out of my bed. I felt alive and my blood boiling with excitement. I quickly took my pajamas off and opened my wardrobe and looked around for what to wear. My face began to uncontrollably grin as I saw my 3 year old pair of short jeans which I wore during my high school years. They were definitely outgrown but I still took them out. I began to wedge myself into them, over my blue boy-shorts. As I pulled them all the way up, I realized that I couldnt do up the buttons, since my bladder made a miniature bulge. I quickly ran to the bathroom and unhooked my bra, I the opened the shower door and went inside.

I wasn't desperate or anything, I was about a 6/10 since I didn't actually didnt expect or plan before hand. So I began to fantasize that I actually was desperate, pretending io do the pee-pee dance. I moved my hand into my crotch as the button and zip werent done up. I began to gently caressed through my underwear while purposely squirting to dampen it. My breathing became heavier as my hands began to pick up pace, my body leaned against the shower wall as my exhausted legs buckled. After a few minutes, i didn't have the strength to hold the rest of my bladder, so I relaxed my urethra. The remaining pee hisses through my underwear and down the sides of the shorts. I froze at that moment, as I was mesmerized by the warmth around my crotch and the river which created a pond at the soles of my feet, eventually drained away.

My breathing slowed down so I turned on the water, I took the shower head and aimed the spray at my stomach. This made the water travel down inside my shorts, after washing I took them off and rinsed both of them to remove the morning per smell. I quickly washed my legs, carefully avoiding wetting my hair. After I dried myself, I put my bra and wet underwear back on, which was really cold. But, I didn't care as I though my body heat will warm it up in time. So I walked to my bedroom and took out my usual clothing for these events; the same black swimsuit, cotton ropes, a right green t-shirt, tight jeans and overalls.

I jumped in the leg holes of my swimsuit, and pulled it up over my wet underwear and bra. I began to tie the ropes around my body, like I usually do when I do rope bondage.

The ropes wrapped around my chest, squeezing my breasts brought my swimsuit and bra. Next, I started to tie my lower body, I pulled the ropes between my legs and lifted it up my backside. As I tightened the ropes to tie the final knots, the rope dug into my crotch and backside like a wedgie. After that, I hopped into the wet shorts and I was able to do up the button since my bladder was empty. He shorts fit nice and snug on me, it also had the same cold feeling as the underwear. I continued to build up the foundation of layers; the skin tight jeans was up next.

I found it kind of hard to pull it over my shorts, but I managed to. However, I couldn't do up the button so I had to heave it more higher, above the shorts and on my bladder to do up the button. The feeling was really tight, which I was expecting when I chose these clothing. None the less, I was enjoying the layers I was wearing and the one I'm going to wear. I put on my green shirt, which was carefully chosen so that'll hide the bondage and swimsuit. Lastly, I locked myself in my jeans overalls, which is one of my favorite clothing.

As I finished wearing all my layers of clothing, I turned around and faced the mirror. I began admiring myself and my clothes, looking for anything noticeable that'll blow my cover; luckily I found nothing. So I proceeded with my plan which I came up when I was checking myself out, it was to wear these clothing for a good portion of the day ( pretty vague). This was so that I'll enjoy the thrill of them not knowing and the thought of that they'll find out, also the wetness and ropes.

I then headed downstairs and towards the kitchen. I had breakfast which was just cereal; cornflakes with strawberries and half a banana. In the midst of finishing the cereal, the rumbling garage began to open. My heart beat instantly began to increase as I got nervous and anxious, however it was also a little exciting for me. As my eyes met my mum's eyes, my heart felt like it completely froze for that split second. However, she just kept walking towards the kitchen while I was sitting quietly at the dinning table. My heart slowly regained it's rhythm as she didn't suspect anything wrong.

I quickly finished my bowl and stood up, unexpectedly the ropes ground my crotch, immediately forcing me to sit down again. This grabbed the attention of my mum as she put the groceries into fridge, luckily she just turned and told me to close the garage. This time i slowly stood up and put my bowl away and then walked towards the garage, as casually as I can with all the layers I'm wearing. I closed the garage as I was told to do so. As I was alone in the garage I put my hands in the front pocket and pulled the inner jeans higher, this made it feel incredibly tight and nice for me. I returned inside the house and began reading to past time, as fast as I could. After reading a chapter or two, I took out my phone to check the time.

It was just 11 am, just past two hour since I woke up. I then continued reading till about 15 past midday, where I deliberately went to grab a large drink of apple juice. I drank about half and then turned on my computer, which I then just took small sips until it's finished. At this time I don't really feel anything in my bladder, but I can feel my stomach being bloated a really small amount. I did what I usually do on my computer, which was reading news articles, blogs and chatting until half past 2.

By this time, I can notice the first hints of my bladder filling up, since both the shorts and jeans are squishing my bladder. At lunch time I'm feeling pretty comfortable, as the wet underwear and shorts are warm from my body heat. On he other hand, the ropes dig into my body from the tightness, which I enjoy but it's a little hard walking normally. It has a sort of similar feeling of walking with a wedgie but nicer in my opinion. So, I finish lunch and start drinking again, this time it was a large bottle of lemonade.

I walked back to my computer with my bottle and slowly drank it over a period of time. I looked at he bottoms of the computer screen and saw it was about 4pm, which reminds me that in an hour or so my dad will be back. By now, I can feel my about an 7/10 filled, because my tight jeans button was over my bladder; restricting it to expand. After realizing my growing pond, I put my hand into my pockets and once again pull the jeans up; making it feel like an 8. This made my bladder throb on the pressure, which I liked.

Next I stood up, only to fall down like last time from the pressure which made my legs buckle. This time I used the computer desk to help me stand up, since I was sitting down for a long time, the ropes felt tighter unexpectedly. I stood there on the spot taking deep breaths, my legs shaking a little bit and my crotch throbbed. At this time my mum was watching tv, so I had no worries going to the kitchen. I filled a large glass half full and then drank it as fast as I could. After I've finished drinking, I went back sitting down in front of my computer.

At this time, I was desperate to go, but I wasn't actually dying to pee. I found it pretty hard to cross my legs, since all the clothing restricts my movement. So, I was clamping my thighs together for the time being, I didn't grab because i thought it would be ineffective through the layers. The only thing similar to grabbing would be standing up, letting the ropes do its job or pulling the inner jeans up through the outer pockets. I'm still feeling about an 8/10 on the scale, but I can feel the tightness of my jeans increasing as my bladder forces itself to expand. I quickly put my hands through the sides of the overall and undid the jeans button before it was too late, I didnt want it to be like last time. It's about 20 past five and my dads probably almost home.

By now, I could feel the glass of water enter the pond, I quickly stood up so the ropes sliced into me. It made me tighten my legs together, but the tightness felt l really comfortable. After a few minutes of twitching my legs around and standing with the ropes, I hear the garage door noises ripple trough the walls. I continued to listen to the sounds like a curious bat, like usual I hear the tv turn on. My dads always somewhat tired when he comes home from work, he likes to relax then eat dinner. It's just a few minutes past 6pm and I decided to help out making dinner.

It wasn't easy moving around and hiding my desperation in front of a person, especially one that knows you very well; like a parent. Luckily, my mum was concentrated with the cooking she didnt notice my minor dancing and twitching or the amount of clothes I had on. I helped out till around 15 minutes to 7pm when we started to eat as a family together unlike lunch. I wasn't in my usual eating manner, since I was getting impatient and uncomfortable with my desperation, it made my legs hug each other and dance up and down while I was sitting. I was eating faster than normal and my hands were shaking a little. I obviously finished first, but I purposely stayed to eat a little more so it didn't look suspicious.

I quickly left after saying "thanks for the meal."

I went back to my computer, but by now i felt really bloated with my bladder and all the food. I felt like I was gonna explode as I danced in my seat with a desperation level of 9/10. I was really feeling the amount of liquid inside me, I even put my hand between my legs. I stayed on the computer for another half an hour, which felt like an hour to me. At the end the 30 minutes, I was practically dancing non-stop with my hands jammed inside. I decided I had enough and stood up, I forced my self to continue to stand. Once again I put my hands in the pockets and pulled my inner pants up to simulate a hand between my legs.

I walked around the other side of the house so my parents didn't see my awkward dancing while I was walking. On arrival at the base of the stairs I called out to them I'm going to shower, so they won't think I'm doing something else. As soon as I put one foot on the step, I felt my bladder throb, it was just a small spasm so I ignored it. After a few more steps I was already half way up, but as the ropes moved back and forward I felt a little light headed with pleasure. This was a little put good as the pleasure distracted me from the ocean within me, hence I made it up with no problem.

I headed to the bathroom and locked the door, I then just stood in front of the shower. I waited a minute or two before undressing, this was because I was admiring my desperation and the feeling it brought. So I unhooked the overall, unlike last time and took off the already unbuttoned jeans. I also took of my green top, now I was standing with my undergarments, swimsuit, bondage and shorts. I danced myself into the shower cubicle and pulled the rope up and down, grinding my crotch with more pleasure. As I did this, I began to hear my breathing and my heart racing. I wanted o moan so badly, but i held it in with one of my hands covering my mouth. My legs were also tightly squeezed together, but the ropes still rubbed with full force. Within merely 45 seconds of pleasure, I lost it and let everything go, the warmth gathered up inside my underwear and swimsuit as it was caught by the rope. It then slowly made its way down the inner sides of my leg and into the drain.

I then quickly closed the door and turned on the shower as I knew I wasted enough time. In the shower I took all my clothing off and washed it thoroughly. After my shower I sadly realize I forgot o bring a new lair of clothes in. I was probably too desperate to realize that, so I improvised by just wearing the green t-shorties and overall without underwear and bra. I the. Took the blow dryer and dried the wet clothing, which gave the impression I was drying my hair. They were a little wet still so I took them to my room. I got out some undergarments and it changed into new clothes, while the wardrobe was still open I hung the wet clothing Inside to hide then. I went back to the computer downstairs with my patents clueless of what I did or happened. The next day the clothing dried and I put the straight into the washing machine and did my laundry, so nobody knew what happen that very night or day.

*008*2012-12-31 01:53

Thanks for the replies, I really appreciate it :)

I'll try to share more of my experience when I have time to do it and then type It up.

*016*2013-01-13 03:18

{{ 

Double Feature :) Awesome!

Is there a third part in this glorious trilogy? hehe

}}

Currently no. Since it was christmas and new years, I dont really have time and have other more important things on my hand to do and sort out.

However, when I get the time to do so, there might be a third experience and I'll love to share that with his community. :)

