First ever fully clothed wetting

Author: Thorn177

*000*2015-11-02 11:03

I've been experimenting with omo for a couple of months now, and until now I've tended to take off most of my clothes, get in the shower and wet my underwear. Last night, however, I decided it was time to step it up.

I'm home alone, as my flatmate is visiting family. I was chilling out, playing Skyrim, when I started to need to go. I thought I'd hold it, since I could, and went and filled my water bottle. I think in total I drank about a litre and a half. It was fairly slow build for all that, my body taking its time while I played my game. I'd be bouncing in my seat, and then I'd be able to cool it for a while.

I started to feel really full, but I kept drinking water. When it became hard to sit down anymore I got up and started pacing the living room. I was about to take my clothes off and get in the shower when it hit me: I was home alone. It was the middle of the night. There was no one to see me or judge me. It made me feel excited and a little shameful.

I found a spot in the middle of the floor, away from anything I could damage, and stood there. At first I stood rocking on the balls of my feet, crossing and uncrossing my legs. Then I started challenging myself to stand still. The pressure was overwhelming. Not painful, just so, so much. Occasionally, I would push at my bladder a little bit with my hand, just for a few seconds, to feel that pressure build.

Usually, once I start peeing I just let it happen, I don't try to cut off the flow again. This time was different, though. It started coming in little bursts, and I whined, sobbed and made it stop after a second or two. I wasn't ready, it was like I didn't want to admit to myself that I was actually doing this, that I planned to wet my jeans. So I held on.

My jeans started getting wet all the same, though, dark stains blooming around the crotch as my underwear couldn't hold all the moisture anymore. I wanted it to stop, and I wanted it to continue. I felt like a child, and I felt turned on and horny as fuck, and everything was kind of a blur, really. Then I caught sight of myself in the mirror, saw how wet my jeans were getting, and it hit me: there was no turning back now. I couldn't get to the bathroom. If I moved too much I wouldn't be able to hold it. And my jeans were already wet.

I stood still, waiting, feeling the pressure that had let up the last time I let some out build again, making me feel impossibly full and overflowing. Just stood there, and whimpered when it started to come again, trying to cut off the flow, desperately trying to hold it, but there was nothing I could do. I'd started peeing for real, and I couldn't stop it.

It was so warm, and my jeans became so wet, and then it started hitting the floor and I just stood there, feeling lost and ashamed and turned on and everything in between. I looked down and saw how it puddled, saw how my jeans were stained dark, still going, powerless to stop.

The relief alone was almost enough to make me cry, so I let myself sob. It felt so good. Then, when it was over, I just stood there in my puddle for a bit. It cooled too quickly. Then I realised that I hadn't really prepared for this properly. I peeled off my wet jeans and had to walk to the kitchen, leaving footprints in pee on the way, to get something to clean it up with. Kneeling down to clean up my own piss, that feeling of shame came back in force, and I revelled in it.

When everything was cleaned up, I went and took a shower and masturbated, because I was so turned on by the whole thing. I have so much to fantasise about now.

