Desperate and not able to go at work!

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-06-30 07:46

I seriously CAN NOT believe this happened to me!! It was honestly embarassing yet so insanely crazy that this happened to me!!!

So I had a late shift at work tonight (which I seriously just got off of a little over an hour ago.) We had to do a floor set where we rearrange the store. We sell jewelry accessories and pretty much just have to move tables and stands and reset the tables with jewelry displays of how the company wants it to be.

I showed up at work needing to pee some but not right away. I got there around 3 and was scheduled til midnight. They had me doing work on the floor once I got there so I had to help customers while organizing products. At around 4 my boss told me that she would be in the back room to take care of a few things. After she was gone for about 30 minutes and I was stuck with customers on the floor and running back and forth to check people out at the register, I was starting to get pretty desperate.

I drank a large cup of coffee with 3 shots espresso to get an energy boost plus 2- 2litre bottles of water before work to keep my head clear. Yet it was only making my bladder full...!!! I was standing at the register helping one customer and I just watching a line forming of 6 or 7 different people and all I could do was squirm, stepping back and forth, trying so hard not to pee myself!! And I couldn't hold myself of course since I was at work in front of customers so yay...bring on the no hand holding challenge haha.

I realized that I absolutely NEEDED to pee within the next 10 minutes at the very very most!!! This was no longer a want this, had become a "I ABSOLUTELY NEED TO PEE whether thats in the bathroom or my pants. Seriously!" I tried calling my boss on the walkie-talkie since I didn't want to leave the floor unattended. I kept trying but she didn't reply. Only silence in my ear from the headpiece. So I was stuck. I loosened my belt to help release some of the tension from that and constantly trying to tighten the hold at my urethra more and more as I went through a line of 5 or 6 more women buying more and more stuff. And asking endless questions too!!

I just tried to go on auto pilot but it once again got to the point where I crossed my legs while standing and I did NOT want to move a muscle. It was getting painful, just like last time. And I was trying not to lean forward like I had done yesterday during my first intentional hold!!

___

Okay sorry but I'm gonna have to finish this story later! I now need to sleep as I am fighting a sleeping pill LOL :D

Will continue later <3

*003*2014-06-30 14:47

I'm back and awake!! And I still absolutely can NOT believe that this happened last night!!! Anyway, on with the story!

___

So I was at the front at the cash register, my bladder aching and hard as a rock. I had a line as I struggled to keep it together. Legs crossed so tightly for a little bit until I saw I was out of our bags from underneath the register!! I paused for a second in panic. The woman customer asked me if I was ok. I said "oh...uhmmm yea I think so" in a way that was so unconvincing. I think she knew something was wrong and she may even of caught on that was was about to pee my pants.

I had to walk just a few steps over to the supply closet that was in the opposite direction from the bathrooms. I thought was thinking about peeing in there since this was happening but then right away I realized what a stupid idea that would be with there being a surveillance camera in that small closet. Plus there isn't even a drain!!

I managed to get to the closet but as I bent down I could feel a straight shot going down my leg!! RIght away I sat on the floor with my knees forward and my heel hard agains my vag! I realized that this could be it! I was about to pee my pants right then and there!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I told myself not to panic! Trying to convince myself that this was only my bladder convulsing and this would pass. Luckily I had on some darker jeans (like the one in my profile pic) so I hadn't completely lost hope.

After 45 seconds or so of sitting on the floor I finally got myself up nearly forgetting about what is going on outside of the closet at the register haha. I came back out with a box of more shopping bags and as I bent over to set them in their correct place I full on started peeing! I was terrified!! I thought that all was going to be ok. There was no stopping it this time. I looked at the woman in panic and tearing up some. She said that this was taking too long and said I shouldn't be working if I wasn't feeling well. I said "Ma'am I'm sorry but just be patient with me for one more minute as I run back here!! I can't wait anymore!!!" Also saying this loud enough for the rest of the line to hear.

They saw me run frantically towards the bathrooms. My jeans were getting wetter and wetter with the dark spot only getting larger right there in front of all of those people!!! And I'm sure there was a stream between my legs if they looked closely. I was peeing AT WORK in front of at least 8 or 9 different people!!!!!! I briefly saw the looks on their faces as I looked back like "ok I have to leave yet I don't want to" look. The look back like you are looking for SOMEONE to give you permission to leave, saying "oh thats ok don't worry about it!".

As I stepped away from the desk and they could see everything!!! I could hear gasped in shock to witness me peeing my pants. One lady even said to her daughter "Oh my gosh! She's peeing her pants!!"

Once I got into the bathroom I struggled to get my jeans unbuttoned so it was a hopeless cause as I stood there in panic over the drain. Then I just sat on the trash can that was right there, closer than the toilet, with my pants on. They were already soaked and there was no point in trying anymore. I peed and peed and peed. It just kept coming out. Saying to give me just a minute was not nearly long enough for me to finish this one. Plus by now I was crying as I peed with full force through my jeans.

Once I was done (felt soooo much better for one!!! or at least my bladder did) I went to the back room where my boss was. She was on the phone but I said "Hey...uhmmmm Carry...I uhmmm...." She turned around with the phone to her ear. She saw me standing there in her doorway with my jeans soaked and obviously from peeing in them with how the wet spot was from my crotch and running down between my legs. The look on her face was in complete shock! "Hold on, actually I will call you right back!! Ok bye! Oh my gosh Jeni!!!!! What happened to you??!?!?!" I just stood there still teary eyed with embarrassment and said "Theres a line of customers. Can you go take care of them for me?" She just replied with "Of course of course!!" And hurried her way out of her office.

I sat back there in embarrassment and not really quite sure what I was going to do. Luckily I felt comfortable with my boss and coworkers so I wasn't hesitant about having to come to her for help, but still this was not the ideal situation for me to be in. I peed my pants at work in front of a bunch of people who clearly noticed!! And if she was going to let me run home for a bit I was gonna have to take the bus.

After 10 minutes Carry came back and asked if I was ok. I told her "I don't know. I just don't know what to do!!" She gave me a hug and said "Look I brought a change of clothes for the floorset tonight. If you want to put on the pants I brought to go back home you're more than welcome to. And after that incident I don't expect you to return back today." I was so happy to hear she had another pair of pants!! It was like she read my mind exactly! I said "Ok I'll put the change of pants on but I'll be back at closing to help!" She was glad to hear that and I did that. When I came back nobody else knew of what happened earlier that day, so hopefully this will just be something that will forever stay in the past, except on here! :)

___

Hope this story didn't bore anyone with my talking about the outcome/after the fact stuff. I think that this is ironic that it happened yesterday, which happened to be the day after my first holding session!! So now that this has happened I don't know if I will be holding for a little while after this embarrassment. Yet at the same time it felt sooooo good ;)

Thanks for reading!

*008*2014-06-30 19:08

Thanks everyone for all the kind comments. Yes it was mortifying!! I was NOT planning to pee at work hahah. But I didn't recognize anyone, that would be a regular customer or someone I know, that was present so I feel slightly okay talking from a positive stand point haha.

But I will say that all at the same time it felt AMAZING to let that go!!!! Just pure golden bliss :)

*011*2014-06-30 21:19

Thanks Tony! I love my boss so much for being so understanding!!

Well its off to work. Lets hope I don't pee myself again!! Hahah :/

*015*2014-07-01 04:26

{{ 

...about a year later that led to me deliberately setting myself up to lose control in class. And I did.

}}

Now that footedsleeper takes some serious balls to do!! What all happened?! Did you post a story about that happening?

And I have to ask why what of a kid were you in school? Were you more of the confident, popular kid or what? Was it in highschool or college?

I WANT TO KNOW!!! Hahah :)

& sheesh what a coincidence that she working in a jewelry store and had a coworker have that happen to!! Well I work at more of an accessories/cheap jewelry that anyone from little girls to adults can buy. Now if I were desperate and working at a place like Kay Jeweler or some fancy thousands of dollars per piece kinda shop then I guess i could manage that pee incident. I would first off most likely be wearing a skirt and no panty hose since thats not mandatory. I would be behind the counter that is at least waist high, which is higher than my work place's counter. I would squirm some but I could manage to pee til I didn't need to anymore. The only concern is how the coworkers are. But if it is carpeted then I DEFINITELY WOULD PEE ON PURPOSE once!!

*018*2014-07-01 18:21

{{ 

For your sake I wish it was in private , though.

}}

I know right?! hahahah! But I am over it surprisingly. I don't have much longer at this store so its no big deal now that I think about that. Yea I peed myself in front of everyone but no biggie hahhaha lol.

Just trying to lighten the situation....

But really everyone, thank you for your comforting comments <3 It means a lot :) We may love desperation and peeing but there is a time and place for the incidents to occur and while working in front of a bunch of customers is not ideal! lol

*021*2014-07-02 16:19

{{ 

Thanks for sharing your story!

}}

You're very welcome! Thanks for reading :)

