Locked in the car

Author: relddot

*000*2011-08-21 16:11

Me and my parents had spent a long day at the mall and finally we were heading towards our car. I had a small urge but i thought we were going home so it was no danger. But then on our way home my dad decided to stop at a supermarket. He asked me if I wanted to wait in the car and as usual I did. The windows was halfway down because it was a hot day, and because of that i had drunk a large amount of soda.

After about ten minutes I felt that my urge had been building up remarkably fast. "They'll be back soon", I told my self and crossed my legs.

I scouted through the car window and desperately waited for my parents to come back. My bladder is not always reliable, i knew that i wouldn't be able to hold it until my parents returned so i decided to leave the car and try to find a bush or something, but the door was locked!

I tried my best not to soil my jeans; i squeezed my legs tighter and wiggled around. I crawled to the front seat to see if that door was open, but of course it was locked as well. If the windows had been rolled all the way down i could have escaped that way but all of them were barely down halfway. I knew that there wasn't much time before i'd wet the seat, and knew that my dad wouldn't be glad if i peed in his car. I felt a small squirt dampen my underwear, i gasped and flexed all my muscles, but i didn't hold it much longer before i started to leak.

When my dad came back he lectured me with the usual, "Why didn't you tell me that you needed to go before!?". It was very embarrassing and i sat in my wet jeans and cried until we got home.

