Wetting while playing Monopoly

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-07-24 00:24

A story from another forum. I hope it's not a problem to repeat it here.

###

Tania UK. on January 17, 2001 at 12:19

Hi again,to answer Ritchie's question lower down the board I live in Northamptonshire.

I thought tonight I would tell of a couple of desperation sightings I have witnessed.They both involve my sister and her friend they were both 14 years of age at the time

I cant remember if I have told you about my sister before so sorry in advance if I have. Her name is Jodie {Jo} and she is 15 years old. Last summer at the begining of the school holidays Jo had her friend Emi to stay for a weekend. I should explain that Emi is short for Emiko, she came to this country when she was 3 years old from Hong Kong with her family. Jo has known her since infant school and although she is a very nice and polite girl she is quite shy when with other people.

She arrived on the friday evening and spent the earlier part in Jo's bedroom listening to music. About 8.30pm they came down with monopoly and asked if I wanted to play with them I was doing nothing special so I said yes. We set the game up on the coffee table I sat in the chair and they sat on the floor opposite me, mum brought us in a bottle of coke and glasses and we helped ourselves. It was'nt long before I noticed that Emi was contiually shiffting positions, first cross legged then knees up in front and finally kneeling while keeping up a slow rocking back and forth motion. I immediatly began to wonder if she needed the loo this was soon answered as every now and then she would casually press her crotch through her skirt.

She was wearing a black knee length skirt and the table restricted my view to notice her panties as she moved. This went on for about 45 minutes when Jo suddenly said she needed the loo and got up, I thought this would be the end and Emi would follow but she did'nt, she just stayed there. Jo returned and we carried on, again Emi kept fidgiting then sat with her knees raised again and remained still. I thought no she could'nt be could she,was she doing it there on the carpet or was I just dreaming the whole thing up in my mind and she did'nt really need to go at all. She did'nt move again for the rest of the game and by the time Jo said she had,had enough I was bursting myself. 

Mum had already gone up to bed it was now about 11.30 and I said to Jo and Emi you go up first and get ready for bed, I'll come up in a few minutes so up they went. As soon as they had gone I checked the carpet not really expecting to find anything but was shocked to find it soaking wet where Emi had been sitting, she had actually wet herself infront of me, now if thats not taking the mick I dont know what is. I started to get aroused thinking about her doing it now so I decided to let a little wee out into my panties just enough to soak my crotch not my jeans then went upstairs to bring myself off.

The following morning they went out shopping with mum and I went into Jo's bedroom and looked in Emi's bag, sure enough there was a pair of still wet pink panties screwed up in the bottom. Unfortunatly there were no repeat performances for the rest of the weekend.

The second account happened a couple of months latter at our yearly carnival. Again Emi was with Jo and me we had watched the parade and had gone to the park where there was more entertainment on arriving Jo said she needed the loo, the park loos were closed for repairs so they had two portaloos and the que for each was quite long so Jo said she would hang on. It was soon obvious she needed to go badly as she could'nt stand still and kept crossing her legs finally she admitted she had got to go or she would do it. I had mixed feelings for the first time part of me hoped she would and part of me did'nt want her to it was probably because she was my sister.

Anyway I said looking over to the loos " the queues are still to long you will have to go in the bushes", she did'nt like the idea but was obviously getting to breaking point because she agreed. I led her behind the bushes and Emi kept watch,as she tried to undo her jeans I could see a small wet patch forming in her crotch area "oh no its coming" she said as she eventually pulled down her jeans and her blue panties which had a now sizeable wet patch on them she squatted and finished off then pulled up her wet panties and jeans and we walked off home. She was very upset at the accident so I can assume she did'nt like it so it obviously does'nt run in the family.

Bye for now Tania.

###

