Weird Experience

Author: Omo-Homo

*000*2012-07-18 15:19

Alright do the weirdest thing happened yesterday, so here it goes.

Yesterday my friends mom came to pick me up because I can't drive because i broke my right arm by getting Hit by a pitch in my baseball league. It was a 90 mph pitch that nailed me in the shoulder blade. And I also drive a stick.

Just to tell you my friends mom lIke's to work out a lot so you usually see her in a tank top and Nike running tights. When she came to pick me up, she was wearing sky blue running tights and a pink tank top. I was wearing just loose shorts and a t-shirt. When she got out of the car, you could clearly tell she needed to pee. Her legs were crossed and she kept figeting. So when we got into her car,she immediantly squeezed her thighs together and kept a hand down there. There were a lot of bumps in my neighborhood so it didn't help her. We rand over one bump and she squealed and you could see a little dark spot on her tights. 

She lived out in the country so there was also a lot of bumps. When we got to my friends house, she got out of the car very slowly. She got out and she put both hands in her crotch and she crossed her legs. She knew she wouldn't make it, so she tried to make it to the side if her house so she could release there. About halfway there she doubled over and you could hear the stream. Her sky blue tights were dark all over them. After that, she moaned in pleasure and i just went inside to find my friend.

Later that night, I went to get a glass of water and I found her standing in the kitchen wearing grey running tights. She drank about 5 glasses of water and she hadn't went since about 6 pm and it was 1 am. She called me into her room so she could talk to me.

When I got in there she was fidgeting a lit. She talked to me about her earlier accident. She said she peed herself on purpose because she thought it would be fun. She said she had to oee and headed to her bathroom. She then turned to me and said to me to me to come with her.

So we got to the bathroom and she just stood in front of the toilet and danced around. She had a huge bathroom and it could fit about 30 people. I asked her if she was going to use the toilet.

She said No silly, I'm going to use my pants as my toilet. So she danced around for about 2 minutes then she doubled over and released into her tights.After that I went to bed, but I couldn't sleep because I was thinking about that for a while.

Well that's it. Oh and just to tell you I Am really good friends with my friends mom and she trusts me a lot, so that's the only reason she did that for me.

*004*2012-07-19 18:22

OmoCommsndo, I think it's stronger than it too. And his mom is surprisingly young. She's only 30.

*006*2012-07-19 21:21

Ok, so today she invited me over, and thinking my friend was there, I agreed to go. But when I got there, he wasnt there. She said he was gone for a while.

So we spent the whole day together at her house. She's divorced so don't think I'm doing this behind her husbands back. She held it for 6 hours at a time and after that she wet herself intentionally and after that we watched a movie. She did that twice, once in her sky blue running tights and then in Light Green running tights. I went to the bathroom in my earlier reply today and I'm in it right now. I'll keep you all updated.

Omo-Homo out

*007*2012-07-19 23:45

I just left but before I left, she peed herself again in Pink running tights. She drove me home while she was wearing them.

She asked if we could do this tomorrow and I said yes.

*010*2012-07-20 12:38

Yes she is hot. B-Cup bra, Perfect rounded butt, Long brown hair and she's also got nice thighs.

To the point, I just arrived and when I got there, she was wearing Brown running tights. Just to tell you she has almost every pair and color of Nike tights that there are. But as soon as I walked in the door, she said she needs to pee very badly.

I went to sit down and she came over and asked if shee could pee while sitting on my lap. I said ok and Ghent she sat on my lap and immediantly started peeing. It felt warm and delightful.

She's changing right now so I'll keep you updated on all her settings today.

*016*2012-09-29 19:46

Actually yes, something did.

So we have met up a couple times sice summer. Since summer, she has gotten more daring in wettings. We would sometimes go to public places, like a park, and we would be walking and she would just start peeing.

We've done more things i'll tell later, so just keep being online and i will update.

Thanks, Omo-Homo

*017*2012-09-29 22:33

Alright, so one of the things i got her to warm up to is wetting in jeans and other stuff. Before, she was strictly a tights girl. But i convinced her that jeans arent bad.

So one day she invited me over. She asked me if i wanted to go shopping with her. I said sure, so we started out towards the mall.

We spent all day looking at pants. We looked at Skinny Jeans, Colored Jeans, and almost every tight pair of jeans they had.

So we went back to her house and she put on a pair she really liked. The pair was the jeans that are tight at the thighs but it becomes loose at the knees. And the butt pockets were bedazzled.

She asked if i wanted to go for a walk. I saud sure. As we were leaving, i realized she hadnt peed in almost 5 hours.

So we went to our local park. It was dark snd nobody was around, so if she had to "Pop a Squat", she woudnt be a sex offender. But we just continued walking. And sooner or later, she stopped, bent over, and started peeing.

She finished in about a minute and a half. The wet stain was huge. It covered the entire back of her jeans and mist of the thighs.

After that we went back to her house. I decided to leave and she drove me home in those wet jeans.

There are still more things we did. I'll talk about them later.

Omo-Homo out

*018*2012-11-07 22:45

Alright I know its been awile, but there have been a lot of experiences with her. Here is one.

So I came over to her house in Around september. I noticed i havent named her, so lets say her name is Abbey.

So i came over and she's standing there in Green Skinny jeans. "You ready to head out" she asked. "Where" I asked. "Just a little walk".

That little walk turned out to be a huge walk. We walked from her house to downtown in our city. She had a huge bottle of water before we left. So were just walking along when I heare a noise. Turns out shes wetting herself. And were in front of a crowd.

So we managed to get to her house without any suspicion. When we got back, she asked if i needed a ride home. I said yeah and she drove me home, in those jeans.

So yeah. Thats it. Oh, and I just started dating a girl and shes already peed herself! Ill post that at a later time.

Omo-Homo Out.

