A ride home

Author: Let-it-fly

*000*2014-09-29 22:58

In my city, the transit system is currently on lockout, meaning I have no way to get to and from school in the morning, other than relying on the kindness of friends and family (I was not aware how reliant I am on buses until this happened).

Today I had been fortunate enough to get a ride to university with a friend. However, she left early in the day, whereas I was meeting with my bio lab group to get some statistics done for a lab assignment. First we had our lecture from 12:30-1:30, then we planned to stay in the classroom after until we'd gotten all of the answers we needed.

The lecture went smoothly, as did the stats session afterward. I was the only one who left the classroom, to grab some coffee and timbits (google it, non-Canadians xD) for everyone. Otherwise, we all stayed in the classroom from 12:30-3:30 when we finished. I had mentioned my lack of a ride offhand, earlier in the session, and as we stood up to leave one of the boys in my group, Ried, offered to give me a ride home.

Surprised, but incredibly pleased, I asked if I was too far out of the way (I live in the far north corner of my city). He admitted that it was in the opposite direction, but that he didn't mind, so I decided to accept his offer. As we all left the classroom, I noticed that the men's washroom, which was across from our class, was being cleaned. Knowing that he at least hadn't been since 12:30, and had been drinking coffee and water throughout the session, I stole a quick glance at Ried, and he did indeed look a tad disappointed.

After that, we split from the rest of the group and started our 20 minute walk to where his car was parked. On the way, we chatted about school, work, video games, etc. As we approached his car, he jokingly remarked, "I guess I should have used the bathroom on campus before having to drive across the city twice, eh?"

I was vibrating from excitement on the inside, but played it cool. "We'll take the freeway, it shouldn't be long". I tried to keep from smiling as I noticed his foot tapping as he unlocked the car. Yaaaaay! It takes at least 20-25 minutes to drive to my house when it's NOT rush hour, and traffic was just starting to pick up.

Ried took off his jacket before putting the car into drive, and I took a moment to admire his physique. He's about 6'0, with short brown hair and brown eyes, quite skinny but with muscles from cross country skiing in the winter. He was wearing rather tight mid-blue jeans, and a brown tshirt.

As we were driving, and talking about more random topics, I kept my glancing at his legs and hips. Fortunately he was watching the road so I didn't have to be too sneaky about it. Every time we stopped at a red light, he'd either bounce his knee, or occasionally give a little squirm.

As soon as we got off the freeway we hit the 4:30 traffic. At one point it took 3 light cycles to get through a particularly busy intersection. It was becoming quite obvious that he had to pee (it'd been 4 hours after all), but he didn't say anything, so I didn't either.

However (evil woman I am) I started talking about the renovations at my work, and how both women's washrooms are under construction right now. As I described in detail the lady's disgust at using the gross men's washroom he laughed nervously and wiggled his hips a couple times.

I was loving it. However, at this point the light turned green, and we navigated the remaining suburbs without difficulty. In no time we were in front of my house. I thanked him for the ride, told him I hoped it wasn't too much trouble (glancing at his bouncing knee), and went on my way.

He was blushing by the end of it and GOD DAMN IT do I wish I had a little window into what his drive home must've been like. If anyone wants to write a suitable ending they would completely make my day. <3

Thanks for reading! ^_^

*008*2014-10-08 22:02

Right? :P I was so hoping that there'd be more traffic or something. If I'd knew him better I would definitely have invited him in, but this was the first time he and I had hung out just him and I. By the end of the ride I was practically pulling at my neurons trying to come up with SOMETHING to keep him talking! xD

Ah well. :3 There's always my imagination!

