Morning problems - Page 2

Author: charm-alarm

*027*2013-01-30 19:02

{{:

That sounds as a lot indeed :) Have you had any other 'events' recently? :) I would be glad to read :)

}}

It's been a while since I've done it, but I may do one some time this week.

*029*2013-02-21 11:43

Here's a bit about my latest wetting... well, not a full-on wetting, but more of an accident.

I had just gotten home from work and was desperate to use the bathroom. The neighbors' cat likes to sneak in through the front door when the weather's bad, which it was today, and the poor thing was left outside in the rain. He ran inside so I had to negotiate with him, drying him off a bit with a paper towel and eventually scooping him up and dropping him off outside again (which I felt bad about, but he can't stay in my house and I really, REALLY had to go).

So I stopped by my bedroom to drop off my purse before heading to the bathroom, but as soon as I put it down something happened and I immediately felt my urge to go rise about 500%. I felt leaking and panicked, waddling to the bathroom as it continued to come out and hoping it wouldn't pour out like it felt it was going to. Thankfully I made it to the toilet before the damage was too severe. I looked at my panties though and there were huge wet spots in the middle, though they were hard to see because the panties I'm wearing today are black, but it was still noticeable.

*032*2013-02-27 23:58

{{:

These little stories are way beyond adorable :)

Have you ever thought of wearing a pad or something?

Thanks for the cute read!

}}

I really don't like wearing pads, so I generally just wear them when I'm on my period. Those are the days that my leaks aren't such a problem,

Haha.

{{:

What colour were the panties?

}}

The ones from my latest event were black.

