Omorashi puppy pee play

Author: Kyousuke

*000*2015-05-06 18:56

Me and my girlfriend mandee have really liked to experiment with things lately regarding omorashi. One thing we recently found out we liked was when she acted as if she was a puppy or a kitten, and then we decided to mix it with omorashi play. Being the owner of a cute poodle, she does have some puppy pads laying around.

We haven't really done much with kitten play yet, but we have had some notable experiences with her pretending to "Puppie" as she is affectionately known. She'll walk on all fours, bark cutely, whine and pout when she needs things, and it makes me feel somewhat weird to say, but I find it incredibly adorable.

It's most fun when she lets me know she has to pee, by jumping around, barking, or dancing with her hand between her legs. I ask her what she needs, and she just whines more... a week ago, I was away and neglecting her needs. Being the Puppie that she is, with her puppy-sized bladder, she really hadta go by the time I got back to her. Thankfully, I was able to put out a puppy pad for her, and instruct her to use it (through her panties).

However, I was distracted for a bit more and just a mere 15 minutes later, she was having difficulty holding it again, and I didn't have another puppy pad out for her. She ended up just having a tiny accident on the floor that I had to clean up after. Some images are attached on the bottom. =D

Have any of you guys (or gals) experimented with omorashi in ways some might consider weird?

*003*2015-05-08 21:56

We've had plenty of lovely experiences, but this puppy thing is pretty new for the both of us. She's had a lot of experience with bathroom rights play, diapers, intentional and accidental wettings, thanks to me hehe. I fondly remember the first time she took a diuretic, and she was squirming for relief in a little over an hour from being completely empty. And she was washing dishes... Needless to say she did leak, and eventually did wet herself. Ahh, if only it weren't a long distance relationship. (and this is why I will slave over a job I hate to make the money to move...).

*006*2015-05-16 01:36

She never has tried raised-leg. That could be REALLY cute, thanks for the idea! I'm calling it puppy style though because doggy style makes me think of other things! Haha! She is definitely the right person and definitely has the right attitude for that. =D

And to your request, gladly! Also, fellow Agalloch fan?

