Mass desperation on a high school trip (a translation)

Author: satyr

*000*2015-01-16 12:16

Preface: So, a while ago someone posted a thread called Flooded herself at the stylist

, which was a translation of a story from a Norwegian forum. Now, me being unfortunate enough not to have had many true experiences to tell, but being fluent in the Scandinavian languages, I thought, since that thread proved popular and translating stories from other parts of the web seems to be OK with most people, at least I could do that, to repay all the fun (a big euphemism) you all have provided me over several years as a member here. I remember as a teenager when I was discovering my fetish, or rather learning what it was, as it's something that's always been with me, there was one website I visited often (careful to delete the browser history on the family's sole computer, since this was in the time before incognito modes, when Internet Explorer was king). That was the wetbbs forums, which had an active treasure trove of experiences in their Swedish section

. The following is a translation of one story that really stayed with me over the years. I may translate more stories from there, and encourage others to do the same, if there is any interest, as the archives are quite extensive. The story is called simply "The Class Trip

". Note that the Swedish equivalent of high school, gymnasiet, runs from ages 16 to 18. Again, this is not my story, to make that absolutely clear.

###

Originally posted in December, 2004.

This happened a few months back. I was eighteen.

We were going on a class trip. We were going to be away for a week and stay at an old farm. When we traveled there that Monday, it took six hours by bus, and we stopped every two hours in case someone needed the bathroom and so on.

Well, in any case, the trip went well and we arrived in the afternoon. What happened there maybe isn't as interesting in this context, but the exciting stuff happened when we were traveling back at the end of the week.

It was a real warm day and I put on a pair of rather tight, light jeans, a white t-shirt and a thinner white cardigan with red stripes along the edges, rather light. In the morning we were fooling around a lot, we had a pillow fight before we had to clean up and pack. Then in the dining room when we were having breakfast, we had a juice drinking contest which I seriously almost puked from. I won, though

In any case, when we had to go home we just packed everything into the bus and piled in. Emma and I sat just about in the middle of the bus on the left side, and I sat closest to the window. So Emma and I sat and talked about this and that, as usual. But it quickly became rather boring. But after some time we were going to stop at a rest stop, eat and drink and go to the bathroom if we wanted. So we did, not much to say about that either, really, more than the fact that when we got on the bus again, the teacher said that this would be the last time we stopped, because the teachers were in a hurry to get back to school.

And then I really hoped I wouldn't need to pee since I hadn't been to the toilet just then since I didn't feel the urge and figured we'd have a stop later on. Emma did the same, in fact most of the others on the bus did as well. And what do you think I felt after only about a quarter of an hour? That little feeling in your tummy, you know, when the stomach gets a little sensitive to bumps and you feel that little pressure on your bladder. I was beginning to get the urge to pee! Oh well, I sat and talked to Emma a little more, for instance about what we were going to do when we got home. When another quarter of an hour had passed, I began to feel that about now I'd be heading for the bathroom if I were sitting home at the computer. "Emma, I'm beginning to get a pretty urgent need to pee," I said.

"Yeah, so I'm starting to feel a little of the same myself, but you just have to hang tight because we aren't there until another three hours," she said. When I understood that we weren't going to be stopping in several hours and that there was no toilet on the bus, I began to feel both panic and anger. Panicked, because I didn't know how I'd be able to hold it another three hours, and angry because the teachers could be so stupid as to put us on a bus with no toilet.

Emma and I continued to talk, we were talking about some computer game, I think it was Silent Hill 4, which Emma had just bought. And when I was barely answering and probably had a rather pained expression, and further sat with my hand lightly clutching my stomach and leaning a bit forward, Emma asked if I was feeling well. The only thing I could get out was "need to pee." Because I really, really needed to pee. I felt that that terrible pressure on my bladder. Because I'd had so much to drink, the urge got stronger and stronger really fast. Imagine if I peed myself on the bus, oh my god how embarrassing it would be. No, that just can't happen, if the whole class sees it they're going to laugh at me for the rest of my time in school. "If it makes you feel any better, I'm also really desperate," Emma said.

"But how am I going to manage three more hours, seriously, I'm already almost as desperate as I've ever been in my life!"

"Shut up now," said Emma, "let's talk about something else." Then she began talking about Silent Hill again. And sure, even though the pressure was so bad I was almost crying, at least I could think about something else for a while. But after only a short while, I couldn't concentrate on anything other than how desperate I was to pee.

Finally, I said to Emma, "I'm going to pee myself soon." And I could see on Emma that she was really panicked she was so desperate, too, and finally she said, "Wait a moment, be right back." When she got up, she whimpered and leaned forward. Then she went forward-bent toward the back of the bus. Then I turned around and looked out the window. Tried to concentrate on something that didn't remind me of my desperate need to pee. After about ten minutes, or maybe it was two minutes, but it felt like ten since I was fighting so hard to hold on and wanted the time to pass, Emma got back.

"Like everyone in the bus is as desperate as us so you don't have to worry," she said.

"Seriously, it's impossible... I'm going to piss in my pants, and I promise I mean it, it's pushing so hard I can't hold it back anymore," I sobbed.

"Shush sweetie, pinch your legs together and put your hand in between, then you can hold on a little better," she said. I was already pinching my legs so much they were cramping, and I didn't think it helped much to hold my hand between my legs, so I didn't bother. Thought it was probably better to hold onto my abdomen, to protect against bumps. Now I felt that it wasn't only pushing in my stomach, it wanted OUT! It began to push down and I had to fight like an animal to hold in the pee. I had to tense my pee muscles with all my might to stay the flood, and I knew if it started to come out, I wouldn't be able to stop until my bladder was empty. Now I looked in panic at the clock, almost two hours left until the bus stops. Could only think, now it's coming... I pulled Emma in the arm as I looked down at my knee. "Now it comes," I said.

Emma was a little perplexed and asked, "what's coming?" A tear ran down my cheek as I managed to murmur, "N...n...now I'm peeing my pants." I closed my eyes.

"Karin, you can do this, try and just think of something else." (She probably didn't really get it.)

"No, Emma, I'm sorry, I can't do it anymore."

"KARIN PUSH WITH YOUR HAND," she said in panic. But I only heard it as if a distant fog somewhere in the back of my head. Felt it start to flow in my panties, a weak trickle, the only thing I felt was the warmth, which was beginning to spread in my crotch. I fought with all my might to stop the stream, but it was impossible, the stream was accelerating pretty hard and now a pretty loud whizzing sound could be heard. Now I really felt I was peeing. And now the stream had grown to a powerful beam that really shot out through panties and panties down into the seat.

I really prayed to God no one could hear the whizzing sound of my peeing. It was extremely pleasant but also extremely embarrassing, I was really cold sweating and my face probably looked really uneasy. When the last few squirts were out, the only thing that showed when I was sitting down a little spot between my legs, and I put my hands there. Sat with my legs tightly together and my hands straight in my crotch, looked straight down on the chair in front and just stared.

Emma said, she was talking really fast as she was saying this, so I'm not putting any spaces in: "It-doesn't-matter-Karin-when-I-was-back-there-Pernilla-Sanna-and-Hanna-had-also-pissed-themselves-and-now-I'm-doing-it-too-fuck fuck!" She was really panicked and I heard a wheezing squirt come out of her. "Aaaaw SHIT" she said in English, then another, and another, and another. Till the wheezing grew to a a powerful stream that came out right into the seat. She sat completely still and just peed right in her black nylon pants. Then you could hear the wheezing subside and transform into small wheezing squirts again until it finally subsided completely. She breathed heavily and shut her eyes. When she opened them again, she only said, "SHIT."

"Fuck, I've never been so desperate in my whole life," she said.

"Me either," I said. "Do you think many are going to pee themselves?" I asked.

"Probably," she said, "if not everyone."

There was a parent-teacher conference about this after it happened. The parents were mad at the teachers and found it terribly badly handled. And I was also really mad after.

In a later post, a few questions were clarified:

How old were you? 18.

About how much juice did you drink? I had like nine glasses in quick succession, I believe.

How long was it between when you had the juice and when you peed yourself? About two hours. It was about an hour in that I began to feel the urge.

* * *

Prose cleaned up and improved a little to read better, but otherwise a faithful translation. Original story

$$

By "Lillie" on the wetbbs forums. There's lots more stories there for those of you who read Swedish, but this one stood out to me. A bus full of desperate 18-year-olds, and plentiful wettings. Would have been nice to hear about Sanna, Hanna, and Pernilla's struggles as well (the other people named in the story explicitly as wetting themselves). So that makes at least five wettings.

*004*2015-01-18 09:16

There's so much stuff on that forum but it's a little bit like mining gold from a muddy river. It's full of filler, sand, mud, rocks, or in this case, just banter between the members. Here is one story:

* * *

Originally posted in December, 2002, by wet_teddy on the wetbbs forums.

I'm a 26-year-old guy who's probably been interested in this topic as far back as I remember. It probably began with a female friend I used to play with all the time when I was like 6 years old who used to pee herself all the time, I don't know why she did it but I always curiously watched when she did. I especially remember one time when we were sitting on a bench and she said she'd pee there, I don't remember if I asked if I could look or why, but anyway she held her panties out a little so I could see how the pee beam left her to then wet her panties before it ran down into the sand.

Won't say I was aroused then but it was rather strange. I've got many memories from that time...

The first time I came into contact with pee in a more sexual context was when I was 16 and followed a girl home after school. We were going to study but it ended up being something much better. I remember we began kissing and then in her room, when she suddenly said, "oh, I'm about to pee myself." Of course I didn't dare say that'd be completely okay, I just followed her toward the toilet while we were still sort of making out. Almost there we stopped and really started kissing again, caressing each other a bit all over. When she asked "would you like to feel something wonderful?" I didn't say anything, I just felt how she took my hand and led it down her jeans, but outside her panties.

I began to stroke her a little carefully when she asked again if I wanted to feel something warm and wonderful and now I answered that I would. While I was stroking her she began peeing herself in her panties and jeans. It become incredibly warm and pleasurable around my hand while I began stroking her faster and faster. I moved my hand inside her panties and felt he warm hard beam come directly into my hand, which I cupped and pushed against her sex. I became so incredibly aroused and it was clear she was to, when the warm pee stopped flowing after what felt like an eternity, we continued in the bathroom and had a shower together. I'd love to experience that day again, I remember it like it was yesterday!

About the girl I played with when I was little, her mom wasn't very fond of what she was doing. I mean she peed herself on purpose at least once every day for some years. I don't know why but she must have really enjoyed doing it in front of me. I have so many wonderful memories from those years. In any case the whole thing came to an end when she got ill, nothing serious but like a cold and a bit of a fever, and her mom said it was because she'd peed herself. So she stopped, but even after that I often got to follow her to the toilet while she peed. (Not always in the toilet though, she was a mischievous girl.) When we began school we slid apart really fast, I began hanging with the boys and the other way around. I never dared to bring up the topic again when we met later in life, but maybe she still shares our interest, who knows...

Regarding the other girl I wrote about whom I met when I was 16, it ended rather quickly. When we met the next day in school we talked about it and she said she was ashamed and that it was an accident. We continued dating for about another month, but in that time pee was only involved once... More about that experience another time...

* * *

I don't think he ever followed up about the second experience... Will continue later combing through the threads to look for some gems to translate.

