Paint Ball Skirmishes

Author: PsN3rd

*000*2015-05-09 06:27

Well, I thought maybe I'd go ahead and share one of the memories from my past that frequently flee my memory. I never really think of this much, because it kind of happened so abruptly, and I didn't care one bit. This is my first story here on omorashi.org, and I have a tendency to be a bit rambly and wordy - please bear with me!

Anyway, something like five years ago I used to play paintball - or a sport that's extremely similar (but better) than paintball - fairly religiously. There was a small group of guys and a couple girls who would get together in a private field and literally play all day. We'd set up scenarios like capture the flag and time-sensitive missions like "bomb defusals" to make it more interesting. It was always a fun time, but it was out in the middle of nowhere. It was a two mile hike to get to the nearest bathroom, so many of the guys would just unzip and let loose along the edge of the field if we had to go.

It was always summer when we played, so it was always hot (mid to upper 80s F). The weather always made everyone drink a lot, and this particular day was no exception. I think because of constant running, climbing, crawling, etc sweating removed a lot of built up water in my system, so my bladder wasn't extremely strained...at least until it was almost dark.

We started playing that day around 12 pm - before leaving for the field, I pulled on my digital camo BDU pants over a pair of underarmor briefs (yes, they're worth the money!), an under armor shirt, and then the BDU jacket and rolled up the sleeves. I'd been playing all day with no need to go, then I could feel some pressure in my bladder. From 12 pm to about 7 pm, all of the water that I drank through the day started to make itself known. It was also getting cooler out, and as the next hour went on, the urge got quite a bit worse.

Besides getting dark out, there was a storm approaching. Lightning crashed a little ways in the distance, but it was one of those bad summer rains that move in pretty quickly. We were definitely done playing at this point and in the process of packing our guns and gear when I made a conscious decision not to go to relieve my bladder. Part of the reasoning was that I'd be fine until I made it home. The other part was the fact that I knew no one else was home at the time, and I usually never hold it when I'm out anywhere.

Everyone said their goodbyes, thanked the host for the event, and while I was walking back to my car, I was really beginning to feel the urge to go. Still not bad enough that I'd lose control, but it was there. I normally would've gone long before this, but I was feeling a bit turned on at the time by my own desperation. I sat in my car and started on my way home. Of course it would be my luck to hit all the red lights on my commute home - though I didn't really mind.. At each light, all I could think about was the urge to go - I'm not very good at holding my pee for very long, so I was starting to sweat a bit.

On my way home from the field there are five traffic lights. At the first red light, the storm was close enough that rain was starting to fall. By the fourth light, I was sitting in a heavy downpour - NOT easy on my bladder whatsoever. After the last red light, I had about ten minutes to go on the ride home and I had to go. Between grabbing myself and really having to pee, I was a good bit more turned on and feeling a bit daring so I decided to let a bit go in my pants. Simple. No problem. I left out just enough to relieve some pressure and leave a small wet spot without getting the car seat wet. I was almost home.

Finally, I pulled into my driveway flew up to my garage and slammed my door open. I stepped out and walked calmly to my back porch and sat down in the pouring rain, leaned back on my hands, and wet myself on my back porch. The warmth around my crotch was amazing - That was really one of the only times I really had a fully-clothed "accident" and it was awesome. My parents wouldn't be home for quite a while yet, so while I was on my back porch I slid off my BDU pants, jacket, socks, and underarmor shirt and proceeded to get a shower to make sure I wasn't going to get poison oak from the field I was playing in earlier. My clothes sat in the rain to soak the pee out of them. No one ever suspected anything.

Sorry this was so long of a story, like I said - I can get rambly and wordy, and I don't even know if I did a decent job telling the story. But there you have it!

Thank you for reading.

*002*2015-05-10 05:03

Thank you! After posting it and perusing some of the other stories - I realized that it wasn't quite as long as some of the others on here. Anyway, I do have a couple more - I'll probably share them soonish.

