My very wet hold(s)

Author: DefinitelyNotA

*000*2015-08-18 20:46

Hello everyone, I'm Arcane, and this is my first post! So, any errors with Location/Format//Relevance, or even spelling should be pointed out, thanks.

(Also, i have an obsession with over-using commas and i rarely notice myself, if its really bad, point that out too :) )

So, today i found myself with quite a bit of spare time, and decided to do a hold, nothing special right? However, today i did something different.

Typically, i prefer the holding over the wetting, and since i don't live alone, it works out well, but seeing as Omo is based on the wetting part, i went ahead and really truly tried it. I started by just getting desperate, drank a bunch of water, started browsing Omo.org stories until i was about a 7/10. Then, once it was becoming an effort to hold it in, i got up and put on my bathing suit, to go for a swim! Our house is quite isolated so it wasn't public (Definitely don't like public) and it was actually relaxing! I figured going in the water would make my need skyrocket, but really it went down (now ~6/10). I stayed in the water for a bit accompanied with running, jumping, and failing frontflips into the water. After 45 minutes or so, I was back up to an 8.5 and exited the water.

It was a grueling climb up the 3 flights of stairs, and when i made it, i knew i wouldn't last much longer. I went into my drawers and put on 3 pairs of underwear, a pair of shorts, and a pair of jeans on top (to hold the wetness) and plopped myself down on a towel.

I didn't sit there long, i can tell you that. After a max of 15 minutes, i had reached 10/10 and began to leak heavily. As my purpose was to wet myself, i just let it flow, i could feel it soaking each layer individually, until it made it through them all and out onto the towel, where i sat content in my soaked fabric, which held onto the pee surprisingly well. So well, in fact, that i got up and walked around. I proceeded to make myself some ice tea, and grabbed another glass of water.

After those had disappeared, i returned upstairs to do my second and currently ongoing hold (7/10 again). This time i wont be wetting my pants, but i will take my time in the shower until i lose control yet again. The shower makes a fun and easy to clean wetting location, and its one of my favorites.

Overall, its going to be a very wet day for me! :)

