Kay vs River

Author: KayLeigh

*000*2013-04-24 15:54

So, there I was, lying on the couch after dinner with my laptop balancing on my lap.

I wonder who's on the IRC right now.

I logged into omorashi, and went into the IRC.

A conversation between me and another user began, and before I knew it, we had turned it into a competition.

Both of us were at a 7 already, so we decided to battle it out.

My stomach swelled like all hell, as I skulled my glass of Vanilla Coke.

Before this, I'd had energy drinks, so that was hitting pretty quickly.

The I skulled a glass of Apple and Blackcurrant juice.

My stomach continued to swell.

I decided to sit up, so that my laptop wasn't pressing on my tummy anymore ;__;

People can be so evil when you need to pee. I realised that tonight.

*glare at YellowPants, Krayzeeguy and Norton House -Unggoy*

After my second glass of juice, I realised that I didn't have much time left, and I relocated to the bathroom.

River and I were battling it out, and before I knew it, I was rocking back and forth, rubbing myself gently and willing the need to pee to go away.

My mind wandered to a post I saw once, actually, and out of curiosity, I found myself sliding my finger into myself... Or at least I tried.

The walls of my bladder had stretched so much that they had blocked off the entrance to my lovetunnel (bad wording, I know. I'm tired, give me a break).

I knew I didn't have any time left, and just as I thought I'd lost, I recieved a message from my competitor.

They'd wet.

I'd won.

Trust me guys, I was peeing for over a minute.

(Vote was wet or measure. I wet today.)

Goddamn, was that awesome.

Here's my beautiful photos ;)

Sorry, if they arent very clear... I kinda had pee on my hands and couldnt hold the phone still properly.

View from the front

View from the back

Attempted view from underneath

Back of my poor undies

Front of my poor undies

Hope you guys like!

Kay

