Bedtime Desperation - Page 2

Author: Diesel

*026*2011-01-30 08:43

Yeah, even thought the mobile site lacks avatars, I know what yours looks like. But my beloved Sasuke is more like a cat. :3

Still peeing. Scared as hell by the dark. Someone left the hall closet door open and I walled into it. I'm so frightened. At least the bathroom light is on. Relief is good, but fear is taking over.

Still~ peeing. I hope no one wakes up. Ah. Done. I won't flush so I won't wake anyone. now back to my room.

I bumped into the wall instead o the hall closet door this time. I hate mirrors. I really do. Them and all their creepiness. I think my iPod is dying, so I won't be around for very long. Plus I have to sleep. (-｡-;

*028*2011-01-30 08:46

{{:

Lol aww so no audience for me? lol.. im nervus as heck anyway..

}}

I'll be there as long as possible. ^^ you have my support -touches dessy's shoulder passionately-

*030*2011-01-30 08:52

{{:

Trying to find my pants o.o iswear i left them in the bathroom... grrrr

}}

I'm trying to find Thomas. I know hes around here somewhere... grrrr

*033*2011-01-30 09:00

{{:

This is pretty epic ^_^ I'm enjoying this too. I want to follow this example and hold myself too, but sadly, can't. The only available computers are downstairs :(

}}

Are you paranoid, afraid of the dark, or noisy? If no, then you can get away with it. Or do it durning the day. :3 then you'd have a bigger audience.

{{:

Found them! dang it mom for throwing my close in the hamper all the time o.o

Wonder if i should just make another post or wat o.o oh yea btw.. i drank alot of pop today soo...

}}

It should be you're on thread, since my desperation is said and done with. Go get em, Dess! (^O^)／

*036*2011-01-30 09:03

{{:

Well the problem is that I might leave a big mess and there are a lot of wires down here :( I might end up making a lot more problems then just wet pants. I'm kinda a technophobe that way, so even if the wires arent exposed or anything, I still probably wouldnt take the chance.

}}

Hmmm...can't help ya there, buddeh. :/ I still haz faith in youz.

