Girl pees her pants, Tyler recieves a bat to the face

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-10-03 22:13

Now before we begin, I run a youtube channel which shows the adventures of an average guy against various horror villians. This usually involves various weaponary.

While filming a video a couple of weeks ago (Hesitated for awhile before telling this. It's quite embarrasing) we were using a rounders bat, which is the same as a baseball bat only a lot smaller. I had my girlfriend operating the camera and her friend using the bat. Now usually I'd be directing off screen, but this time I decided to operate the camera. I wanted the shot specifically set up so that bat passed right infront of the camera. (It's difficut to describe). So when it came to the shot, my friend swung the bat fine on the first couple of takes, but on...the 5th? I believe. She swung it back too hard and I recieved it directly to the lower jaw. I fell back and caught the other side of my jaw on a fence. I was unconsious for around...ten mins? I woke up with my girlfriend and her friend crying above me. The first words I apparently said (I was kind of out of it) were "This is why we can't have nice things" .

When I regained my composure, I sat up. I looked to my friend who had some blood (Fake and mine) on her and to my camera, which had also been hit, also had some blood on it. At this point I glanced over to my girlfriend and saw the front of her skirt had a wet patch. At first I kinda presumed it was fake or real blood.

"Hey you got blood on your skirt...you weren't anywhere near the camera, how the hell did that happen?" I asked,dazed.

"You scared the shit out of me." She said. "I pissed myself while you were out."

With this I layed back down and groaned.

I fucking missed it.

*004*2013-10-04 16:48

{{ 

Well if you didnt get knocked out she wouldnt have pissed herself so its not that bad lol

}}

Getting knocked out still sucks. I looked like the goddam Joker for awhile.

