Clubbing Experiences

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-01-14 15:05

So, as some of you already know, I've got a slightly naughty habit of wetting myself when I'm out clubbing and rather drunk. Due to this, I decided to make a thread documenting my random experiences. Hope you enjoy!

I'll start this off by telling you about Thursday night. I always end up losing the people I went out with originally and finding somebody different, and in this case I'd found Nathan who's on my course at university. I'd been kind of needing to pee for a while- I'd drunk a bottle of wine before I'd gone out and my friend had bought some shots of tequila when we'd arrived, so there was quite a lot of liquid, not to mention alcohol, in my system! But I'd been putting it off, because I couldn't be bothered to make the trek all the way upstairs to the toilet.

Anyway, Nathan* and I were in the smoking area, waiting for Shelley*, who's also on our course. I was smoking, and I think Nathan was too. I was getting pretty desperate by this point, but I didn't want to put out my cigarette until I'd finished with it, so I figured I'd just wait for Shelley to get there and then go. But seeing as my need was quite bad, I was kind of stepping from one foot to the other- but I countered this by rubbing my hands up and down over my arms and pretending to be cold. I'm not entirely sure how convincing this little display was, but we were all too drunk to really care!

So, Shelley got there, but we'd suddenly become distracted by this girl sitting on the ground in the corner of the smoking area with a blanket wrapped around her, covering her face. Everyone was enquiring about who it was, and then somebody said "It's Diane*"- which left me considerably intrigued, as this was a girl with whom certain flirtations had gone on with during a previous night out this week!

But what with all this going on, I'd sort of forgotten that I needed to pee, or forgot to keep trying to hold it in, or something. Because it was all suddenly gushing down my legs. I was talking to Nathan as this was going on, but I didn't make any effort to stop it- or even to pause the conversation! I was at the edge of the smoking area with my back to the wall and I was wearing a little black skirt which wouldn't show a wet spot- so I just figured "what the hell" and let it happen. I kept my legs together so it would be less obvious what I was doing, and I believe that Nathan MAY have noticed, as he did look at me rather oddly- but if he did, he didn't say anything about it neither later that night nor the next day. Then when I'd finished, I simply put out my cigarette and walked away, leaving a huge puddle on the concrete behind me.

Anyway, this would have been all fine and good- except for the fact that I'd been wearing fake tan- the sort that washes off. When I woke up yesterday morning, I realised that I had thin, pale lines down both legs, where my pee had run down them in little rivulets and washed the fake tan away. So the fact that I'd pissed myself must have been obvious all night to anyone who cared to look closely enough. Oopsie.

But yesterday morning, I found out that I wasn't the only person who'd had an accident during that particular night out. As soon as I logged into facebook, I was met with pictures of an unconscious Diane lying in a soaking wet bed with her skirt around her waist and her wet thong on full display. One of her flatmates had taken and uploaded the pictures, and they got removed later, but not before they'd given me a considerable amount of entertainment! ^_^

*Names have been changed to conceal actual identities

*003*2012-01-15 12:06

{{:

Great story! Would love to see that picture on Facebook!!!! too bad they took it down!

}}

I know right? I would have uploaded an attachment otherwise. Shame. It was a bit of an "Oh my god, that poor girl" moment though... she's got evil flatmates lol.

*004*2012-02-02 19:13

I haven't been on here for a while, but I thought some of you might like to hear about my day yesterday.

So around 3pm, certain things which I won't delve into made me get rather emotional so- not wanting to be by myself, I texted the girl I'm sort-of seeing like "Let's go for a drink."

She was quite amused by the fact that I was suggested drinking at 3 in the afternoon, but came along anyway. She wasn't really all that up for drinking much though, so in the time she drank 1 and a half pints, I drank 4.

I think I "broke the seal" as it were after maybe my second pint- but the toilets in the bar we were at are along a corridor, down two flights of stairs, down another corridor- basically quite a trek away. And although I realised I could do with using the toilet again before we left, I really couldn't be bothered to make that journey again.

So Nikki insisted I walk her home through campus, even though I was going for a curry with some friends so would have to walk back to the same place. Now, if anyone else is living in England at the moment, you'll know that the weather the last few days is FREEZING. Like too cold to snow freezing. Like "I think I'll stay in my warm bed instead of going to lectures" freezing. You get the idea. And as you all probably know, once you get out in the cold weather, it becomes that much harder to control your bladder.

So we were walking back in this horrible cold, holding hands inside a mitten because we only had one pair between us- and all I could think was wow, I really should have used the toilet before we left.

Anyway, I dropped Nikki off and retraced my steps back the way I'd come to go to the curry place. The two friends I was eating with were already there, and I sat down at the table with them. Now this is one of those cheap, not-altogether-nice restaurants that encourage you to bring your alcohol- so I sent one of my friends to the off-license next door to buy some wine (two bottles for a fiver! yes, this place we were in is so classy.) But the problem with these cheap little restaurants is that they don't generally have toilets for customer use- or if they do, it's just some crappy, one-cubicle thing- but this particular one didn't have any.

I wasn't too worried, however. Although I was still conscious of the fact that I still hadn't made it to the toilet and probably wouldn't for a while, it was easier to cope with now that a) I was in the warm and B) was sitting down. So I was slightly uncomfortable, but it was manageable.

What I hadn't accounted for, however, was the fact that I was drinking this cheap-ass wine with my meal. So I was filling up my bladder even more while under the alcohol-influenced delusion that my bladder was made of steel. So, naturally, by the time we'd finished eating I was being a lot less subtle about my need for the loo. I was jiggling my crossed legs up and down underneath the table as I talked nineteen-to-the-dozen, and I think I may have even taken to sitting on my heel just before we left, for that added bit of control.

When we did leave, however, I was faced with the problem of being out in the cold once more. Thankfully, my friends were headed in a different direction, so I didn't have to try and concentrate on making conversation. I walked home as quickly as I could in my state, clenching everything and willing myself to hold on just a little longer. I was just about okay until I reached the door to my flat- and then getting the key in the lock was torture, both because I was slightly intoxicated and because I was hopping from one foot to the other in desperation. I lost a little spurt while this was going on, but finally I managed to get the door open and dash into my room. Thankfully we've got ensuites so I didn't have to conduct this performance in front of anyone else, but just as I got into my bathroom and was struggling to undo my jeans, I just lost it and started wetting myself.

I managed to get my jeans down eventually and sat on the toilet, but I'd already left quite an impressive puddle on the floor. Slightly proud of it in my drunken state, I just left in there and headed to the kitchen in my wet jeans (they were black so it didn't really show up much) to see my flatmates.

They were sitting on the sofas predrinking for a night of clubbing, and I sat down and decided to join them. I hadn't been planning on going out, but I was in that "why the fuck not" mindset. They were all pretty intoxicated themselves so nobody seemed to notice my wet jeans, but when I stood up to go and get changed into going-out clothes, I realised that I'd left a rather large wet butt-print on the brown fabric sofas. I just kind of giggled a little bit and looked at my flatmates to see if anybody had noticed- but they were all pretty distracted.

Anyway, so I got out in the end and the night was a bit of a disaster, really. I managed to break my favourite pair of shoes, somehow wandered away from my friends and ended up by myself, and then had a drunkenly emotional conversation with some randomer. But this morning, when I was fumbling tiredly for clothes and cursing my antics the night before, I became really confused about the fact that most of the clean clothes I was encountering seemed to be wet. I was puzzled by this until I found the source of it- a pair of urine-soaked tights that I had obviously drunkenly thrown in the clean-clothes hamper rather than the laundry one. I don't remember where or why this second accident occurred, but I'm rather hoping it was in the taxi home. The taxi drivers here are all complete dicks, so it'd be lovely for him to get home and discover a nice wet present left for him in the back of his cab.

*006*2012-02-08 14:19

Another one to report on- has anyone else noticed that this seems to happen to me a little bit too much?! haha- not sure if anybody's actually reading this, but oh well.

So this one was Sunday night, and I was with my work friends at a little bar where a guy we knew was playing a DJ set. This was another early start to the drinking, and we'd also taken some form of powder that my friend Rob had bought the night before at this shady club we'd gone to after work, although he didn't know what the hell it was. We'd teased him that it was probably just icing sugar, but with hindsight I feel it was most likely mkat due to the way I was acting on it.

Anyway, this bar wasn't a dancey sort of place so everyone was just sitting around a table- apart from me and another girl who'd decided it was a good idea to get up and dance anyway. While this was happening, I managed to wet myself. I'm not even entirely sure how it happened this time- I'd already broken the seal and was visiting the loo every half hour or so, and I think the need just came out of nowhere, and I couldn't be bothered to stop dancing. I was wearing the infamous black jeans again, so I figured it wouldn't matter too much.

Or so I thought.

There was a new lad with us, and everyone else was trying to convince him that I am, in fact, a lesbian. He wasn't having any of it though, insisting that if this was true, I was the "straightest lesbian he'd ever met." So I- in my intoxicated state- was all "Yeah, I'm a straight lesbian!" and proceeded to go over there and give him a lapdance. Of course though- I illogically rationalised to myself- the other two males there would probably be jealous if I didn't give them one too (I tend to get irrationally conceited about my appearance when I'm drunk). It wasn't until I was on the third guy and he placed his hands on my bum that I remembered my little accident.

Instead of taking his hands away when he felt the wet fabric, however, he simply frowned and pulled me closer. "Why are your jeans wet?" he whispered- though not quietly enough for the other two guys to look over curiously.

"He spilled his drink on me!" I accused, pointing at this poor, curly-haired boy from the kitchen. This had indeed happened, but it had been quite a while ago- there was no way my jeans would still be wet from it. Nobody argued with me, however, but the guy I'd been dancing on gave me a wink. "Are you sure that's all it is?" he murmured in my ear as I pulled away.

I don't think I really helped convince anyone I'm gay that night, but at least I discovered that at least one person I work with probably has a pee fetish too ^_^

*007*2012-02-22 20:42

Is anyone interested in me continuing this? I'm not entirely sure whether or not I'm just writing for my own sake here ^_^

Anyway, I do have a couple more to share.

Last night I was out with my friend Miki and her flatmates. I was wearing a short, burgundy bodycon skirt made of a suede-like material with nude tights and flat, black shoes. I managed to get drunk very quickly- to the extent that I could barely stand- so Miki began forcing pints of water down my throat in the hope of "sobering me up." I thought she was just being very sweet at first- looking after me and making sure I didn't get too drunk too early- but once I told her that I needed to pee, I began to suspect that there were ulterior motives behind all this water!

At first, Miki simply said "Okay," and we started heading in the direction of the toilets. As usual, I'd put off going until the last possible minute, wanting to keep dancing, so I was pretty desperate. But on the way there, we walked past a tv screen which was showing a promo video with clips of random clubbers. Miki squealed and grabbed me by the arm, stopping me, and said "I think you and me are in this video somewhere!"

I'd heard that we were in this video too, so I did kind of want to see our clip- but my primary need at that moment was to get to the toilet before I started flooding my panties!

"Miki, can't it wait?" I asked, crossing my legs agitatedly. However, she refused to move and insisted we stood there at that VERY moment and watch the video.

I waited as patiently as I could, but soon I was stepping from one foot to the other and getting rather annoyed. It was at that point that I realised the video (which was on a loop) was just starting over for the third time.

"Miki, we've seen this bit before. Let's GO," I said, and this time I managed to drag her away.

I leaked a little into my panties as I hobbled through the door to the toilets and as they were delicate, little things- not made for absorbing pee- I felt my tights get a bit wet at the crotch too.

Anyway, I rushed into a cubicle and Miki followed me in. Now, this was nothing new to me, as I often share a toilet cubicle with my friends so that we can carry on chatting. But Miki wasn't chatting to me- she just stared as I sat down on the toilet and pissed. After a moment, I realised that she was staring at my slightly-wet crotch.

"Your fault," I told her teasingly, as I raised my ass a bit to wipe. Miki didn't answer, but as I was pulling my tights back up, she suddenly put her arms around me and pulled me towards her.

"You're so much better than that Stephanie," she said softly (Stephanie's a girl on our course I had a slight thing with and am still sort of crazy for), and the next thing I knew, she was kissing me- and pretty damn passionately too, I think it must have been her Swedish blood asserting itself :D.

So that was one of my hotter near-accidents!

Anyway, later, Miki ended up leaving because her friend had hurt her foot and was being taken to A&E. But I'd spotted some of my work friends, so- since I didn't know the girl all too well- I decided to stay behind until the club closed.

Now, as per usual, I'd managed to spend every single penny I'd brought out with me on drinks. And I hadn't brought my card purposefully, as I know how stupid I can be with it when I'm drunk. But a really nice guy- a friend of a friend- in the group of people I'd ended up with offered to pay for me to get chips and a taxi home. Which was really sweet, considering I don't know him all that well.

So I went across the road to the kebab shop with them to get food, but there was just one problem. I really needed to pee again, but the club we'd been in had closed and there really wasn't anywhere else to go at 4 in the morning.

I'd assumed we'd just buy food and then leave to get a taxi, eating on the way home like we normally do. But for some reason, everyone decided that we would sit down in the kebab shop and eat there.

This put me in a bit of a dilemma: it was either wait for the others and get a taxi, probably wetting myself in the meantime, or chance it and walk home alone. As sitting down and eating really wasn't an option, I opted for walking home. The boy who had offered to pay for me and the others must have thought I was crazy- I just kind of said, all in one breath: "Thanks for the chips but I think I'll walk I feel bad-" and then just ran away!

It was about half an hour walk home and I was eating my chips as I walked- but I was leaking into my panties a little every few steps and it soon became apparent that I wasn't going to make it home.

Part of the walk home includes walking through a subway which takes you under a roundabout and leads off in five directions. It was while I was in this subway- all alone, nobody else around- that a massive urge to pee suddenly hit me. I tried to control it at first, but then I kind of thought "Oh fuck it," and leaned up against the wall of the subway, opened my legs and just pissed right there. Through my panties, through my tights- it felt amazing :D

Then when I was done, I assessed the damage. I had lines of pee running down both legs of my tights and my shoes were flooded- and of course my panties were soaked- but, strangely, I hadn't wet my skirt at all. I was then able to finish walking home feeling much more comfortable than I had previously- my shoes were rather squidgy though ^_^

So those are my latest stories for now. Anybody have any requests about a specific place in which they'd like me to wet? Or else any clothing you'd like to see / hear about me wetting in? I may post some pictures next time if anybody's interested?

*013*2012-03-14 14:22

{{:

Yeah. always best to get to the bottom of the page before replying - in this case because of the number of events to catch up on! You do seem to get caught short a lot - but if it's cold, then that doesn't hep.

Lol, would love to know where you got 2 bottles of wine for a fiver! ;-) just how far up north are you??

Don't doubt that any guy on here who loves to see desperation and leaking would love to join you and your crowd for a night out clubbing too. Awesome, keep having fun and keep having accidents. :-)

}}

Haha, I'm in the Midlands just like you, dear :). It's not GOOD wine- the white tastes like paint stripper and the rose like cough medicine- but it serves its purpose. I do have a couple more accidents to catch you all up on actually ;) I'll have to post them in a bit!

*014*2012-03-15 12:50

Here's my latest one. This happened a couple of weeks ago now, but I've been too lazy to update this thread ;)

It was on a Sunday night after work. As we'd had a lot of arsey customers in that night (we always seem to get a lot of dickheads in on a Sunday for some annoying reason), one of my co-workers- we'll call her Vicky- and I decided to go out for a few drinks afterwards.

I was wearing my work uniform, which consists of a black shirt, black trousers and some extremely unflattering black pumps, and it was a little after 1am. Vicky and I went to a bar that we knew we'd be let into in our work clothes, drank several rounds, had a bit of a dance and then decided to jump in a taxi and head home.

It was nearly 5am by this point, and it was in this taxi home that I realised I really, really needed to pee.

I was squirming around like crazy in my seat and telling the taxi man to hurry the fuck up (he must have loved me) but we managed to get home before anything happened that would require me paying to get his car cleaned.

Anyway, we pulled up outside my flats, and I hastily shoved some money at the taxi driver and told him to give Vicky the change when she got out (I've just realised she never paid me back for that, the little bitch) before slamming the door behind me as I got out and racing towards my flat.

Climbing the stairs was pure torture on my bladder and I was pretty close to losing control at that point, but I was only one flight up and managed to get to my landing with a minimal amount of leakage.

As I was climbing the stairs, I was ferreting in my bag for my keys, but they seemed to be buried. So I set my bag on the bannister and did a frantic pee dance while I searched through it more thoroughly.

After a couple of minutes of this, that feeling of panic upon realising that my keys weren't in my bag set in- and it was at that moment that my bladder decided to let go. I think it was the sense of resolution that I wasn't going to get inside any time soon, combined with a certain feeling of defeat that caused my bladder to just give up. Before I knew what was happening, there was hot liquid running down both my legs and nothing I could do about it.

It was 5am on a Monday morning, and I simply sat down on the stairs leading up to the next flats and allowed my bladder to empty itself there and then. Our stairwell is open and clearly visible to the flats around us, but, of course, there was nobody around at that time except for crazy little me. There are gaps between the stairs and as I sat there peeing, I could hear the pee trickling through these gaps down two floors to the basement. It was a very pleasant noise- sort of like the sound of fast rain hitting your window- and I focused on this along with the incredible feelings of relief and satisfaction.

When I'd finished, I simply stood up, my soaked trousers sticking to me, and banged on the door repeatedly, hoping that one of my flatmates would open it soon, as it was a cold night and I was starting to get a bit chilly in my damp trousers. Finally, one of my flatmates let me in, wearing only his boxers and looking very bleary-eyed- I'd clearly woken him up.

He glanced at me, caught sight of my wet trousers and then looked again. Finally, he just shook his head in annoyance. "For god's sake..." he mumbled, and stumbled back off to his room, leaving me to go and deal with my wet clothes.

I apologised the next day for waking him up and he said it was fine- he didn't mention the wet clothes though. Either he'd forgotten all about it in his sleepy state or was just too embarrassed to mention it. But either way, I'm pretty sure my flatmates hate me even more than they did previously now. As well as playing obnoxious music constantly and causing the flat to smell of cigarettes by smoking out of my window, I'm now also the girl who wakes everyone up at 5am by knocking on the door in pissed-in trousers. Oopsie XD

*016*2012-03-15 13:56

{{:

Great new story. Somehow, I think if I were your roommate, I would not have minded being woken up :)

}}

Ahh, if only my flatmates were a little more like you...

*019*2012-03-16 16:11

{{:

So girls do wet themselves at Uni, I'm just not lucky enough to have seen any do it.

Have you seen any others do it?

}}

Well, maybe it's just me, I'm not sure... ;)

I have seen a couple of others do it though. There's the girl- I forgot what alias I used when talking about her- whose bedwetting photos were posted on facebook. I mentioned her earlier in this thread somewhere. And after work (I work in a pub on a busy street with lots of clubs), we sometimes sit in the window and watch all the drunk people meander home. There've been a couple of girls with wet patches on their bums and golden streaks down their legs who I've enjoyed watching :D But nothing any more exciting than that, unfortunately. I seem to be in the minority with doing this!

*022*2012-03-29 13:54

Thanks for the comments, guys! I'm glad people are enjoying this thread- I have to say I'm enjoying the wetting! I'm going out for drinks with the bestie tonight (and her hot friend!) so we'll see where the night takes us and- with a bit of luck- I may have another story for you guys tomorrow!

