Thanksgiving Wetting and special treat.

Author: Old Silver

*000*2015-11-27 12:30

We had 18 people show up at our place for a Thanksgiving feast. After the festivities were over, people stayed for quite a while socializing in the living room. Since there was so much to clean up in the kitchen, and many dishes to be washed, I headed to the kitchen for dish duty with a little secret in mind. I had consumed a fair bit of coffee and apple cider throughout the day, so I was feeling some pressure. I started rinsing the dishes to put in the dishwaher first, and the cold water on my hands was working its magic. 

Next I moved to all the pots and pans, and the other items too large for the diswasher. That is where my fun began. I pressed myself tightly agaist the cabinet, and let a few spurts out, making a nice wet spot on the front of my pants. People were wandering in and out of the kitchen for coffee and and othere refreshments, occasionally stopping to talk to me while I was washing. On fellow and his wife offered to help and started drying the pots with a dish towel. In their presence, I pressed myself against the cabinet while I was washing, and let a good sized stream out.

I could feel the urine wicking up my shirttails past my belt line and to my lower belly, as well as trickling downwards making my crotch warm, wet and soggy. I knew as soon as I stepped away from the sink, it would be obvious that I had wet myself. So, the next pot I "accidently dropped" into the full sink of sudsy water .. SPLASH .. the water rolled over the sink edge and splashed onto Jenni who was standing right beside me. Damn, I said, as I backed away from the sink , exposing the now giant wet spot that hand moved on down my legs. Jenni, being wet to, and her husband Phil, and I had a good laugh at the effects of the tidal wave on my shirt and pants.

"It looks like you wet your pants," Phil said .. "so do I," Jenni replied! Little did they know that is exactly what had happened. By this time, most of the others had learned of our "accident" and seen my (our) wet pants. It was weird, though, I was quite aroused by everybody staring at my crotch. I couldn't help but notice that Phil was turned on by this, too. It was obvious!. After washing the last pot, and Jenni drying, and Phil putting it away, I excused myself to go upstairs and change clothes. Both Phil and Jenni followed, leaving the others guests downstairs. I wasn't sure of their intentions, as we have a batroom upstairs, too, but it wasn't long before their intentions became known. The threesome was intense, and a very pleasant way to top of the Thanksgiving day.

*001*2015-11-29 01:14

It's funny how things work sometimes. While I have known Phi and Jenni for a long time, I never knew until Thanksgiving night that they are both Bi and both enjoy an ocassional wetting.

I spent much of the day with them again today, and Jenni confessed to me that she knew I had wet myself while washing the dishes. That was part of the reason both she an Phil moved in to help me with the chore, and accompanied me upstairs. I am looking forward to an extended relationship with them. Funny what a simple pants wetting does sometimes.

*003*2015-11-29 21:41

{{ 

If only it was always that easy to find someone else that was into wetting. I have always dreamed that someday i would be at work and "accidently" wet myself and someone would notice (specifcally two coworkers i think are hot) and they would confess to me that they were into it as well.

}}

Perhaps when you least expect it, your dream will come true, too.

*005*2015-12-01 00:00

{{ 

This is fiction and nothing more people. "Threesome", dude you wishhhh

}}

And you know this how? I think you are jealous .. If it doesn't happen to you, then, by God, it must be fiction.

