Movie theater desperation

Author: Lips

*000*2014-08-01 15:38

Been a long while since I wrote a story.

It was a few weeks ago that my friend offered me to go to the movies, and since I haven't went to the movies for a while, I said why not? So, I was wearing a black camisole with white and black leggings, nothing fancy. To fast forward this, we get there at 10pm (movie started at 10:50). we purchased our tickets, then we went to the little booth where the cups were being held. We got our large cups (I think it was 44oz) and purchased our drinks then head into the movies. At the time, it sounded like a great Idea...Boy, I was wrong.

I think within 30 (plus the 40 minutes we arrived) minutes of the movie, I was feeling it a little bit, not to the point where it had gotten bad, or even desperate, but i knew it was there. So an extra 30 minutes passed by and i was definitely, feeling it after I drunk the whole 44oz. I started to fidget, but tried to keep it to a minimum. I succeeded for the time being anyway. I looked over to my friend, and to be honest, I don't think he even noticed. He was all up in the movie. And in that situation, that was a good thing really. So in the middle of the movie, I got very desperate to the point I couldn't even bother to focus on the movie. All I could think about was relieving the pressure of my aching bladder. I kept closing my legs in and crossing them, I didn't dare to jam my hands into my crotch, I didn't want my friend to know, that's if he was paying any attention. But I was still determined to wait until the end of the movie.

But the movie seemed to drag on. I thought by 12:50, the movie would be over. Again, I was wrong, by then, I was nearly bursting. And I couldn't wait for the movie to end to use the bathroom. So I excused myself and literally started sprinting down the steps of the theater (its no wonder I didn't trip or fall). I was halfway to the bathroom when I had to stop and do a subtle squirming, I looked to make sure no one was around, and fortunately, there wasn't. so i decided to jam my hands into my crotch to hold myself. A little spurt just dropped into my panties and my leggings a little bit, so I know I definitely needed to hurry before I flooded my leggings completely. I then walked the other half of the way, with myself having to stop to cross my legs until i finally got to the restroom.

Then, I opened the stall and hurriedly pulled down my leggings, I didn't have time to pull down my panties because I had to go so badly. So I sat on the toilet and the pressure that was once built into my bladder started coming out rather with full force. After what seemed to be like a minute or two, I did my business, tried drying my panties (it was a fail, but i got the excess pee out of for the most part) and returned to the movie with a relieved bladder. And luckily, I didn't wait too long, because the movie ended at 1:45. And not my friend, or anybody else noticed.

It was very exciting, but scary at the same time. What makes very strange is, I wasn't expecting to get a rush out of this.

*002*2014-08-01 18:58

{{ 

That's a really hot story!

BTW what movie did you see? Was it Transformers: Age of Extinction? I know that was a pretty long movie.

}}

Yeah, It was Transformers. I wasn't expecting for that movie to be nearly as long as the "Titanic" movie.

*004*2014-08-01 19:30

{{ 

Titanic was sheer torture for me to sit through, I was so bored watching it I nearly fell into a coma.

I'm generally wary seeing films in theaters with 2 and a half hour long runtimes, but surprisingly I was never bored while watching this film, the time just flew right by. I was hoping to catch some desperate girls rushing to the bathroom after the film ended, but alas it was not to be.

I'm a person who never gets up to go the bathroom while i'm at a movie screening, because I don't want to miss a minute of the film. If I have to go bad enough, i'll let out just enough so I can get comfortable for the rest of the film.

}}

I agree. titanic was boring.

And same here, usually, i sit through the entire film without going to the bathroom. Depending on the movie. Of course, if the movie is boring, or at a boring part. I have no problem missing that specific part.

And while i was kind of expecting to some some people desperate..It didn't happen. Most likely because there was 6 other people in the theater that night. So I didn't get to see anyone to be desperate other than myself.

*007*2014-08-02 03:26

{{ 

I bet you could of pulled both your leggings and underwear off at the same time, avoiding the wetting. I'm guessing you probably wanted to wet through them, that's very naughty of you lol

}}

I could've, but I was already bursting so at the time i didn't care if i got my panties wet xD. And i wouldn't say i exactly wanted to wet through them, I wasn't really planning for myself to be desperate at all during the movies to be honest.

