Wearing wet underwear

Author: weeweegirl

*000*2012-12-03 21:29

Hi everyone,

The other day following a tough day at the office I decided to unwind by indulging in a nice desperation session which ended with me wetting myself. I had been pacing and dancing for some time and had leaked a little here and there over the last hour, a few drops only that were instantly soaked up by my underwear.

For the occasion I was wearing my favourite 'wetting' knickers, which are a pair of light pink cotton high cut knickers that I got from M+S about 5 years ago, I love then because they show damp patches off really clearly, and look lovely when wet.

Anyway, I leaked one time too many and suddenly a couple of drops became a trickle that made me panic, when I realised that simply squeezing my hand between my legs and into my crotch was futile I bolted for the bathroom. It was however too late and by the time I made it to the bathroom door (only about 15 seconds) a heavy stream of clear wee was already hissing it's way out of me, I squatted down and emptied out right there, thankful that the hallway floor is laminate and not carpeted like my last place!

When I was done I felt amazing, that lovely sense of relief that comes with a freshly emptied bladder after a long hold, as well as the feeling of being very naughty after wetting myself. I stood up and went to look at myself in the mirror and spent the next 10 minutes inspecting my wet knickers from all angles.

The point of this is that I just wanted to share what for me was a typical, but very sensual, erotic and exciting holding / wetting session, but also to ask if anyone else out there enjoys their wetness long after the event is over with. I mean, I love desperation, and I love wetting too, but I also very much enjoy seeing my knickers wet, not just immediately after I've weed, but sometimes for hours afterwards. Many times I will wear my wet knickers for some time to come, even if the wetting experience turns me on to the point where I masturbate straight afterwards (blush). I love to feel the change in temperature, the way the smell changes and sometimes becomes more heavy and musky, and if left long enough, feeling them start to dry out on me.

Oh, and if my wetting was in the evening or at night, I will wear my wet knickers to bed, which I also love to do.

Does anyone else share this interest, if so I'd love to hear your thoughts on the subject...

