Wetting at the Bus Stop

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-03-24 10:16

Last week I was on the look out for something and because I live in a small market town with not many shops the chances were I wouldn't find it there. I usually go shopping in the next town over and went and had a look there but couldn't find what I was looking for there either. There is another town nearby which I don't usually go to as the other one is nearer but every so often we go over there. I decided to go and see if I could find the thing I was looking for there.

I got up and had breakfast with Matty and initially I was going to drive over but I decided to get the train instead. Matty was going to give me a lift to the train station but when I told him where I was going he said he was heading over that way and gave me a lift. He dropped me off and asked if I wanted picking up but I said I would get the train home and set about on my quest. I had some other things to get so I made my way up through town and got some things and decided to grab some lunch. I went into a cafe and ordered some food and got a cup of coffee. I ate my lunch and ordered another coffee and a piece of cake and sat reading the paper for a while whilst drinking my coffee. I finished and paid my bill and set off heading back towards the bottom end of town.

I had a few places in mind where I could possibly find what I was looking for. I spent the next couple of hours wandering around the shops getting a few items and eventually I finally found what I was looking for. I headed towards the train station but then realised that if I got the train I would have to get someone to pick me up when I got off at our town or get the bus up to our little village after getting off. I decided to just get the bus that goes that way and headed towards the bus station. As I was walking along I came to the bus stop and figured it made more sense to get the bus here than to go all the way to the bus station. I looked at the timetable and saw it was due in 15 minutes and sat down on the bench.

I sat there for a few minutes and then walked up the street a little to the newsagents and bought myself a bottle of Fanta and a magazine. I went back to the bus stop and sat waiting. As I was sat there I noticed the slight need to pee as the coffee filtered into my bladder but it was only the feeling of needing to go and I just ignored it. Finally the bus came and I got on, paid and went and sat on the back seat. It was a small bus that goes around the scenic route and it would take roughly half an hour to get to our town then 5 minutes to get up the hill to our village. Being a small shuttle bus it was quiet and besides me there were only 4 other people on the bus. At the next stop some more people got on. I started reading my magazine and occasionally looked out the window to see where we were.

After 10 minutes we pulled up outside the hospital and most of the people got off leaving me and an old guy sat towards the front. We came out of the hospital and joined the main road which is always bad for traffic as it leads down to the bypass. We hit the block of traffic and crawled along for 10 minutes until we got past the traffic lights and turned off the bypass onto the bottom road. In that 10 minutes I noticed my bladder filling pretty quick and I was now starting to feel a little desperate to pee. The coffee was filling up my bladder and I had finished the bottle of Fanta I had bought so that was now heading there too. At least now we were past the worst bit for traffic.

We continued on and got the next village where a few people got on. We hit a bit of traffic coming out but cleared it relatively quickly and headed on to the next village. When we got there we were a bit ahead of time so we sat at the bus stop for a few minutes. The fact we were sat still and not moving seemed to make me need to pee worse. By the time we set off again I was getting really desperate and starting to squirm a little on the back seat. The bus started to climb the hill which once it reached the top our town was in the valley below.

We reached the top no problem but on the way down on the main road into the town centre we were hitting traffic light after traffic light. My bladder had suddenly had a rapid fill moment and I was squirming and wiggling in my seat. By the time we got into the town centre and pulled into the bus station I was busting for a wee. I thought about getting off and going to pee but the bus station doesn't have any toilets. If it did I would have being able to nip off and pee and get back on but the nearest public toilets were at the other side of town and if I got off the next bus wouldn't be for another half hour.

I sat there squirming and bouncing in my seat as the pressure built on my pee hole. I urged the time to hurry up so the bus would set off again. A few minutes later the bus started up and we pulled out of the bus station. We got in traffic waiting for the roundabout and with each move forward my bladder kept on filling. As we went round the roundabout and headed out of town a wave of desperation hit me as my bladder filled up completely and I reached bursting point. I felt like I was going to flood my knickers right there and then and bounced like crazy. My pee hole was quivering like mad as she tried to stay closed. We got out of the town centre and got onto the road out of town.

We hit the traffic heading out on the main road towards the motorway and I sat squirming like crazy as my pee hole threatened to open. Suddenly a wave of desperation washed over me and my pee hole relaxed for a moment letting a trickle of pee escape into my knickers. I gasped and pressed my hand against my pee hole to try keep her shut. The trickles kept happening and my knickers started getting really damp. We turned onto the road that heads up to my village and started climbing the hill. The trickles kept getting bigger and suddenly turned into leaks.

We got into our village and I stood up to go wait at the front of the bus. As I stood up a huge leak shot into my knickers and I had to cross my legs tight to keep my pee hole from opening. I moved down the bus and stood behind the driver. I stood bobbing and dancing trying not to wet myself and urging the bus to hurry up. We went around the outer road of the village and my stop was before it turned through the centre of the village and back down into town. I pushed the bell and stood next to the door leaking into my knickers uncontrollably. I could feel it starting to run down my inner thigh and squeezed my legs together to stop it running down under my skirt.

The bus pulled up at the stop and when the doors opened I thanked the driver and got off. As the bus pulled away and went out of sight I grabbed myself up my skirt and danced for a moment trying to regain control. I had to walk along the dirt road to my house but I needed to stop the leaks happening if I had any hope of making it home without having an accident. I walked into the bus stop (one of those stone hut kind of ones) and sat on the bench. Sitting down put pressure on my bladder and spurt shot out of my pee hole. I grabbed myself and squirmed like crazy until the wave of desperation had passed. As soon as I took my hand away another spurt escaped and shot through my knickers. It ran down my leg and I knew there was no way I could get home now. I quickly looked out of the bus stop and saw people walking their dogs and people going in and out of the shop. I sat back down and pulled my skirt up around my waist.

I lifted my legs onto the bench and spread them open. I started spurting uncontrollably and I desperately tried to hold them back. The desperation flooding through me felt incredible and the feeling that at any moment my pee hole would burst open and I would start peeing with no hope of stopping it was turning me on like crazy. The spurts kept getting bigger and my pussy was throbbing with delight. I couldn't take it and rubbed my clit through my knickers. A wave of pleasure shot through me causing me to spurt more pee and moan out. I couldn't hold it back anymore, my bladder started emptying slowly. The only thing stopping it from gushing out full force was my muscles squeezing attempting to stop it. It felt so amazing to let it out so slowly and it soaked my knickers and began trickling all over the floor.

I continued rubbing my clit and the feeling of that plus the slow relief of emptying my bladder was sending waves of pleasure through my body. A dog appeared in the doorway and I stopped suddenly. The owner followed and my pee was still splashing on the floor. If he glanced round at the noise he would see me there peeing myself and pleasuring my pussy. My heart beat super fast and I held my breath as he walked past. After he passed I was insanely horny, being so close to getting caught was such a rush and I couldn't hold my bladder anymore. I relaxed my muscles and the pee came gushing out into my knickers and all over the seat and floor. The huge feeling of relief coupled with the rubbing of my throbbing clit send me crashing into orgasm. I trembled with pleasure as I filled my knickers with pee and cum. Eventually my bladder finished emptying and I just sat there moaning and panting. It was the best peegasm I had ever had and my whole body was tingling with pleasure.

I looked down and my knickers were soaked. They used to white but now they had gone completely see through. I sat there for a few minutes enjoying the feeling and the feeling that at any moment someone could walk past and see me like that. Eventually I stood up and put my skirt back down and quickly headed along the road to home. When I got in Matty was stood in the kitchen and he knew just by looking at me that I had done something. I giggled and lifted my skirt up and showed him my soaked knickers. He came over and felt them and asked what I had done. I told him what had happened whilst slowly teasing him. When I finished he gave me a spanking for being such a naughty girl and I went off to shower and get changed.

I should go shopping more often I think

P.S. For those who aren't sure what I mean by stone bus hut...this is the kind of thing I meant ->

*002*2015-03-24 17:06

{{ 

I always love reading about your adventures, but I couldn't finish reading this one before I had to take care of a few things . Thank you for an incredibly sexy story! If you ever have to go looking for another item in that town again, I may truly be undone .

}}

Hee hee, im glad you enjoyed it

*011*2015-03-29 08:56

{{ 

*he heard about your*

}}

Really....please don't be a grammar nazi

