The Broken Door

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-11 11:15

I was talking about this incident with someone the other day and thought I would share it with you guys. This happened when me and my sister were 13. As kids we always used to have holding contests and see who could wait the longest before going to the bathroom. We use to do it for fun until we got a bit older and discovered it was a fetish. When we played these games we always went to the bathroom as we weren't into wetting ourselves or at least we didn't know that yet, that discovery didn't come until i was 14, those who have read my first accident story will be familiar with that. This incident happened during the school holidays. For years as kids during the holidays we would go next door to our neighbours when our mum was at work. They were a lovely couple and we looked upon them as aunt and uncle. Then as we got older we were allowed to stay at home by ourselves and they would keep an eye on us.

On the day in question our mum left for work and me and Casey went up to the park to see our friends. We spent all morning there and then we came home to get something for lunch. Uncle Sam (our neighbour) was in the garden and asked us if we needed anything but we said we were fine. We went in and had some lunch and then we went upstairs and went and sat in my bedroom. By now we both needed to pee quite bad having not been since we got up and we had lots to drink. We decided to see who could last the longest and sat and waited. We sat chatting and listening to music both gradually getting more and more desperate until we were both squirming and dancing round.

I reached my limit and started dripping and knew I wouldn't last much longer before I had to dash to the bathroom. Time passed and both of us were reaching our limit and getting close to losing control. We were both leaking and it was just a matter of who would give in first. Suddenly she jumped up and said she couldn't wait any more and ran for the door. As she turned the handle it came off in her hand. She looked at it then at the door and the realisation hit her that without the handle the door wouldn't open. She tried putting it back on all the while dancing and squirming on the verge of wetting herself. 

I went over and looked but it wouldn't go back on. She looked at me worried and said "what are we gonna do, i cant hold it". I told her to try and went to the window. Sam was no longer in the garden, oh god where was he. I was reaching bursting point myself. Her dancing got more and more intense and suddenly she gasped and said "oh no oh no, its coming". I looked down and saw pee snaking down her legs. "what do i do" she said. I looked round quickly and my eyes landed on my bin, i ran over, emptied it and put it under her. Without hesitation she squatted over it and the floodgates opened and pee came pouring through her knickers into the bin. She sighed in relief which that coupled with the sound of her pee splashing into the bin was causing me to trickle. I told her to hurry up cos i was starting to lose it.

I heard movement outside. I ran to the window and saw Sam in the garden, I shouted at him and he looked up. I told him that the door handle had broken and we couldn't get out. He said he was on his way. I turned round and Casey was stood there looking much happier. I stood dancing desperately trying to keep it under control for just couple more minutes. We heard Sam coming up the stairs and come to the door. The moment the door opened i dashed past him shouting thanks. I ran to the bathroom and only just managed to pull my skirt up and get my knickers down before i burst. 

I let out a long sigh as my bladder emptied. The relief felt amazing. I finally finished and went back to my bedroom and found Sam sat on my bed comforting Casey. I asked what was up and he said "when you went dashing past i realised you must have really needed the bathroom and then i saw the bin and Casey told me what happened, she is a little embarrassed. I went over and gave her a big cuddle and Sam said "right, you two get sorted then come over to mine". He stood up and picked up my bin and said "i'll get rid of this for you" and with that he left.

We looked at each other and laughed. She got changed out of her wet clothes and we went next door where to cheer us up we spent all afternoon making and eating cake while Sam fixed my door. When my mum got home i saw Sam talking to her and I suddenly felt scared about what she would do when she found out what happened. She walked over to us looking mad and said "Sams been telling me you had an interesting day.....im very disappointed in you.....how could you not save me any cake". I looked at Sam puzzled and he winked at me. From that day on Sam was my hero .

