The Longest School Trip

Author: PeeInSpace

*000*2015-07-18 13:52

Okay, so this is a story from a few years ago. Thought you guys may enjoy it ;)

The desperation starts at the paragraph "I was seated next to Theo "

And the wetting begins at "When the coach stopped" for those not wanting the long story

When I was in highschool (end of year 10, aged 15) the whole year went on an overnight group residential to this big activity centre in the middle of nowhere that had become a bit of a school tradition to go on. The journey involved a 4 and a half hour coach ride with one rest stop.

The coach there was clean and nice, the journey went quite quick and so did most of the first day. Of course nobody slept that night, instead opting to explore the grounds at 2am while teachers screamed at us that climbing around old mine shafts using just phone flashes for light was idiotic.

So when we were all woken up at 6:30am for a 'morning walk' we were all pissed off to say the least.

Me and my best friend (Whom I later had a relationship with but that's a different story) decided that the way to wake us up would be a nice mug of tea from the canteen area.

We finished our drinks and met in the foyer to be sorted into groups.

Me and (I'll call him Theo) Theo were sorted into the same group, and were both handed a bottle of water to drink while on the trail.

About an hour into the trail I was starting to feel the effects of the tea and the water and walking was putting strain on my bladder slightly. (I have litteraly a tiny bladder and can get very desperate very quickly)

"Hey, do you know how long we have of the trail? I kinda have to pee?" I asked Theo, who replied with "Urgh, about another hour. And yeah me too"

He motioned towards the bushes "I'm gonna go in there quickly before the others catch up, you coming?"

Reluctant to pee on public land and potentially infront of my classmates and teachers I turned down the offer, deciding I could just go before we got on the coach home. I regretted the decision as hearing Theo's pee and seeing it trickle out from behind a bush made me squirm slightly, but it was nothing I couldn't handle.

It was just in time too, no sooner had he zipped up than the group had met up with us around the corner. Non the wiser. I held on for the rest of the trail, and was excited to see the end gate approaching where one of the teachers was waiting to greet us.

"Right, so if you read todays memo you'll know that your bags are all on the coach on your seats. Find your bag and sit on those respective seats"

I felt my heart race slightly

"Can I really quickly go to the toilets in the main building before we leave"

"No can do I'm afraid, they were locked about an hour ago, I'm sure you can hold until the rest stop"

Actually, I wasn't sure I could

"Please. I really need to go, are there any open anywhere?"

"I'm sorry 'PeeInSpace' but they're all locked, I'll make sure you have priority though for getting of at the services"

I swallowed hard and joined the line for the coach seating assignments.

I was seated next to Theo by the window, which I was greatful of because of anything did happen I knew I could trust him not to make fun of me.

Sitting down raised my need from a 7 to a strong 8 and I winced and pressed my thighs together.

"Hey mate. It won't be that long. It's the middle of the day so there's no rush hour traffic like on the way here" he handed me his ds "here, Distract yourself for a bit"

I tried to play pokemon on his ds but I couldn't focus for the pressure on my bladder. I shifted every few minutes and was starting to daydream about the spare pants in my bag abd wether anyone would notice me having to change my jeans.

I shut my eyes and laid my jacket over my face to get some sleep, which surprisingly I did. However. I woke up an hour later in immense pain. I had to release something or I felt my bladder would physically split. Theo obviously saw me slam both my hands into my crotch and squeeze my penis shut to prevent any leaks, and he called over the teacher. I couldn't face the embarrassment and turned toward the window with my hands pressed between my thighs.

"What's up guys?" I couldn't see the teacher but I knew she was looking at me.

"Uh. When will be we stopping?"

"Yeah. I can 'PeeInSpace' is having a bit of a problem there, it won't be long now"

"HOW LONG!" I asked, a little too loud. Actually I didn't care. Every nerve in my body was focused on keeping the overfilled balloon in my abdomen from exploding allover the coach seats.

"About five minutes, come and sit at the front with me so you don't draw attention to yourself when we stop. Nearly everyones' asleep right now so you can get to the front and straight off when we stop."

I agreed and attempted to stand up. I shuffled painfully to the front of the coach. I'm not sure how I managed to get there without bursting, but I did. And now I just had to hold for five more minutes. I shut my eyes and felt Theo sit on the seat across from me. One of the other teacher's asked if I was okay and the teacher decided to embarass me further by saying "He's just a bit desperate for a wee that's all"

'Desperate for a wee' was an understatement. I was in seething pain. Pulsing aches waved up my lower abdomen and my hands were going numb from squeezing my legs around them so hard.

When the coach stopped I figured my best bet was to run straight inside the building and straight to the only single-stall unisex bathroom there, than attempt to slowly waddle to it and not make it.

My. Heart. Stopped.

When I pushed my whole body into the door and it failed to swing open I felt psychically sick to my stomach.

A woman yelled out "Occupied" from the other side of the door. I stood potty dancing and doubling over, small dribbles running out and leaving lines on my pale skinny jeans.

Theo joined behind me.

"Are you okay?" He asked. He went to place a hand on my shoulder but moved back as a torrent of pee spilled out of me and onto the floor. I was shaking with the pain that replaced what would normally be relief. I had been so full that not one square inch of my jeans was dry and there was a puddle about two foot in diameter spreading around me. I fell to my knees and rested against the wall with my back. My bladder still pressing out what remained as I hid my head in my arms and cried.

There I sat. This tiny for-his-age blonde teenager sat peeing himself crying in humiliation at a motorway service station,while his friend stood making sure nobody walked into him.

The bathroom door opened and a large woman holding a carrier bag came out. She looked down at me. "Ooooo. Sorry love." before turning and walking away.

The teacher from the morning walk came round the corner to check on me and ran over to me and placed a hand on my hair. I was still dribbling wee three minutes later but I was so flooded you couldn't tell I was still going.

She handed me a tissue for my face and I dried my eyes.

"Hey, don't cry, it's okay. Everyone has accidents sometimes"

Theo laughed sympathetically. "Nobody knows anyway. And I'm certainly not going to tell anyone"

He unzipped his bag and pulled out a pair of boxers and black jeans.

"Here. Change into these." he smiled.

I stood up and felt more humiliation as the liquid that my jeans had held tipped out and splashed onto the floor.

I wiped down my legs with the whole roll of toilet paper as best I could but they still felt sticky and clung to the fresh jeans Theo had given me. And splashed some water on my face.

It hit me that I had just pee'd myself in public. And I started crying again.

I've always been into omorashi, but this was different. This was public humiliation and it was avoidable, and I couldn't believe I'd done it.

I heard a knock on the door and wiped my eyes on my sleeve. It was Theo

"Hey... You okay in there?"

I unlocked the door and he sat next to me on the closed toilet lid.

He playfully nudged my shoulder with his and made a joke to cheer me up.

"Come on, miss is still stood outside waiting for us"

We walked up to the coach with my clothes in a carrier bag. Theo told me I smelt fine but I was adamant that I smelt of wee so he lent me his body spray too.

The headteacher looked rather annoyed at the amount of time we'd taken

"What took you so long?"

I froze on the spot and felt my heart peirce through my chest.

"I uh"

The teacher climbed onto the bus behind us and motioned to me to sit down

"We uh. Had a bit of an accident. It's sorted now though." she interjected.

From where we sat I heard her further divulging my embarrassment to the other teachers, but atleast she was being polite about it.

"I guess he just couldn't hold on any longer. He'd wanted to go before we set off. He was really upset I hope he's okay"

I leant against Theo and he patted his shoulder

"You can sleep on my shoulder if you want" he smiled. And I did.

*002*2015-07-18 22:57

{{ 

Excellent story. I've chaperoned on school trips, and I've seen near-accidents under these circumstances but never full-out wetting.

}}

The driver of the trip definitely knew, I can look back and laugh now but at the time I was mortified (And was in a lot of actual pain for the next 24 hours or so too) When the driver overheard the teachers talking about my accident he made a remark about maybe making me sit on a towel incase I wet again. I was annoyed at the comment but was desperate by the time we got off the coach. Thankfully the school building toilets were open and I got to relieve myself in a way that didn't destroy a pair of good jeans

*004*2015-07-19 06:53

Honestly at that moment I would have LOVED a teacher to drag us to the toilets. I'd been leaking pee and jumping up and down with my hands grabbing at my crotch for half an hour and it was very obvious that I needed to go.

*006*2015-07-19 14:47

{{ 

Nice story! I self peed myself during school trip too but everyone got know it, because it happened right in the bus.

}}

Ah, lucky for me everyone either didn't notice at all (Which I find hard to believe due to the damp patch on my jeans and my bouncing up and down, especially the fuss the teachers made) or they simply didn't day anything. Honestly if I'd have had to wait thirty seconds more it would've happened on the bus and not in a private building. Which would have been painfully obvious to everyone around me, and I would've

*008*2015-07-20 21:34

{{ 

Yes, for you it was really better to hold it and pee in private building, for me it would be better to see you how you peed yourself in the bus :-)

}}

A fair bit was in my pants before I got off the bus and the seat was a bit damp but I'm glad I made it. I've got a stupidly small bladder so close calls were pretty common for me in high school, the teachers didn't even require me to ask to leave anymore I could just run out if it was an emergency.

Also, I HAVE wet myself in a car with friends before. My friends know about my urge incontinence as sorts so are always really supportive. I got really desperate on a journey home from an open day at another uni while I was looking around and in the car on the back seat I asked if we could stop. We were in traffic on the motorway so, we couldn't. I was crying and squirming so much by the time one of my friends just said "Look, just pee your pants, you're going to hurt yourself!"

*010*2015-07-23 07:58

I've had it like this since I was about 12, I often won't really get a need to go until I REALLY have to go. And holding becomes really painful. I've had every medical test under the sun come back as fine. I'm just unlucky I guess *Shrug*

*012*2015-07-29 13:37

{{ 

A very nice story!

Ooh, sounds fun :). Did you have any other wetting stories involving you two?

}}

In highschool I was usually known as the kid with the really small bladder who always had to pee, and had several near-misses, which 'theo' was usually there for. We got together the weekend after we left school (Conservative school, gay teenagers, not the best combination) and we'd sometimes do holding competitions together, He'd always win, I only ever won once 'cause he'd drunk wayy more than me and I had a headstart by peeing before we started :D

We broke up a year later. But we're still on good terms and pretty close friends.

*014*2015-08-02 13:47

{{ 

Awww this is cute! I've only ever wet myself once on a trip sadly not a school one but it was when I was younger!

}}

I've had three accidents on "trips" one with my uni friends that I mentioned in another comment, this one I posted, and one where I was with my boyfriend.

However there was the time I fear-wet during a near car accident (Check my old content). But I wouldn't count that as a trip, or a desperate wetting.

