Grad Wetting

Author: Melody

*000*2013-01-19 02:44

Height: 5'4" Weight: 120Lbs Hair: Sunkissed Red Eyes: Hazel

I was almost 18 years old, just finished high School, and was on my way to my graduation (Similar I believe to Diploma Ceremonies and Prom in the USA). I had drank a lot of water that night between the diploma ceremony, the four course meal, and of course the dance, and then I had headed to the after party to spend time with a few people I had hung out with. That is when I had a fun idea for a game we played, it was a drinking game where you rolled a d20 and on a list there was different things to do if you roll them, I was brave enough to suggest adding 'hold your pee all night' to the list. If you failed anything on the list punishment was that you would have to pay the party host for however much you drank up until the point you failed so this seemed like a fun challenge. I never imagined I would be the one to roll 20.

We had been drinking all night, I was already pretty drunk and was about to head to the bathroom but my one friend said I had to roll first since it was my turn, and so I rolled, and of all things the 20 sat before me, I had to go so bad but I knew the rules so I sat back down and we continued the game, as my turns went on it got harder and harder, 16 take two shots, 12 take off a piece of clothing, 4 choose someone to lick a jello shot off your stomach, that one was unbearable, the pressure that was put on my stomach from the mouth made me dribble just a little, but I held it in.

Finally most of the people were drunk enough that we ended the game and headed to the couch and beds to sleep, I was sleeping next to a girl that I found especially cute, it was her house and she said we could share her bed, she had completely forgotten about my ready to burst bladder.

As I laid there next to her I couldn't stop fidgeting but finally, after a couple hours I passed out, but I didn't sleep for long. I was awoken by a warm sensation trickling down my leg, it felt so good I let it flow, didn't even try to stop it from coming out, that was until I realized I was not in my own bed.

Embarrassment took over, my cheeks went bright red as I looked over to her, maybe she didn't notice? She was still asleep. I crawled out of the bed quietly and cleaned myself up, I rinsed off my panties and put on a clean pair, no one would notice, after all I had fallen asleep in just panties and a tee. Then I returned to the room and laid on the floor next to the side I had been sleeping on.

The next morning she got very upset, lucky for me she thought that it was her currently being trained puppy who peed in her bed not me.

I never had the guts to tell her that it was me who wet her bed, and I don't think I ever could.

*003*2013-01-20 01:18

Thanks, and the game is really fun, I find it is the best with 4-8 people, but if you ever have a bigger group a fun twist to it is to add a spin the bottle portion to it for turn order, whoever went last spins the bottle to see who goes next, or even using it to choose who has to do actions on the 'choose someone' ones.

