2 (semi) Fear wettings/1 "didn`t make it"

Author: theonexavior

*000*2013-02-01 00:15

Hey Everyone!!!

I'll begin with this quick tidbit. Been into omorashi as long as I can, remember (prob since I was no more than 5)......I mean, I knew that the idea of a girl wetting herself turned me on before i even knew what being turned on was. anyway, I'll keep my intro short. Despite having been on the lookout for MANY years, I still have yet to ever have seen a real accident, be it in school growing up (with the slight exception of seeing a grade 6 doing the wet pants walk of shame, walk by me in the hall...I was in grade 4) blah blah blanyway i figured i'd give the next best thing which is giving you guys a few wetting stories I've heard from close friends. I'll try not to elaborate or fluff up the details, to retain the "as it happened" honesty.

Anyway I'll try to tell them from the perspective of the people who told me (names will be changed) as well as a brief description of the person.

1. the first was told by a girl we're gonna call "Ally" whom I attended a summer camp with the summer before my grade 10 year. She was a tall girl (about 6 ft) thin, light brown straight hair, shoulder length, with an athletic body...everyone says "long legs", but this girl definitely had them, in tearms of typical wardrobe hers was usually sporty shorts, t shirts, etc. ....this story came up in a "most embarrassing moment" conversation:

"So this year my school had a hiking trip. because of my experience with camping I was asked to be a sort of guide. So naturally I was kinda nervous, as I could potentially get 30 people lost in the woods if i'm not paying attention. Well we're walking for a while, and I'm quite nervous. well as we're walking I look down, and see a stump. I dont know why, but when I saw the stump I thought it was a bullfrog, so i froze on the spot......and I just started peeing. Well the teacher that was with our group noticed right away, and got really concerned and puts her hand on my shoulder going "Ally what's wrong" meanwhile i start hearing chatter behind me, one guy goes " it's running down her legs" I don't know I just couldn't stop once i'd started, as a result, me...a grade 9 girl fully peeing herself in front of all her peers. to make things worse they took a picture of me and put it in the school newspaper"

2. this next one's from the same girl

" I was on a trip with my family and our close family friends. It was me, my mom, my dad my friend, her parents, and her grandmother. Well I had just gotten my licence so my family wanted me to park the car, and my friend's grandma was in the back. now I was still pretty nervous at the wheel, so naturally I was pretty tense. So I'm talking to my friend's grandma....trying to be friendly, and she's not responding. I don't think much of it and park. Well when everyone got to the car, my friends mother checked on grandma, and suddenly she goes "grandma's dead"......WWHHHAAATTTT. Immediately i realize that i'd just been driving and trying to talk to a dead person, so once again, i just froze up and started peeing. Yep my friend is just starting to mourn her grandma, and the best i can do is stand beside her peeing down both legs. pretty embarrassing, particularly cause my jeans were pretty light, making the wet patch quite visible from anywhere in the crowded parking lot.

3. next one is about a girl i went to school with, this happened in her grade 10 year. we're gonna call her "Claire." she is a quite short girl (no more than 5 ft) thin, with dark hair just past shoulder length. her typical wardrobe : skintight designer jeans, designer shirt. etc. as a personality is concerned, quite loud (the kind of girl who exaggerates how desperate she is when she's gotta pee) The perspective will be from the girl who told me this story whom we will call "Helen".

So a bunch of us were out shopping a few weekends ago. after a few hours Claire started complaining about needing to pee. not particularly unusual, anyway so we continue shopping. after a while she's dancing and holding herself. still don't think much of it. Anyway we kill a few mor hours, and Claire stars complaining that she's desperate, that's fine we were heading toward the park anyway. so we walk down...now Claire's holding herself a lot now, and she can't stay still, but not really that unusual for her...she likes to exaggerate things a bit. Anyway we get to the park, the public toilets are about 20 steps away. well at the last minute Claire takes a quick detour from her toilet mission, and says she's got to call her mom quick.

So we get to the pay-phone (yes it was a while ago). She picks up the receiver (still holding herself) drops a quarter. The phone starts to ring suddenly she stops bouncing and goes "OH FUCK" half bent over. I look down and there's pee streaming out at her shoes, while her inner legs are just becoming a river. She must have peed for like a minute straight, I mean her pants were completely soaked...Both legs, needless to say she got through to her mother, and got picked up. The worst part was she was wearing my socks. never asked for those back. So there it is; Claire peed in her pants, without liquor, outta just not being able to hold it "

Anyway that's it for now. hope I did these stories justice, as they were fantastic when I heard them.

Enjoy

*002*2013-02-01 06:00

Well I do appreciate the input...glad I didn't bore you, posting stories has never been my forte, but searching for good ones (particularly ones that actually happened) i never seem to get lucky....gory details get left out of most of the real ones, and you can tell right away when it's just a storytellers fantasy, a lot of over description of the "character's" magazine-perfect body, blah blah blah. they always end up too good to be true, and quite boring/generic as a result...but maybe I've just been unlucky in my sighting experience....either that or I'm just too particular in my idea of what makes a good wetting story.......breath

Regardless of that small rant, whoever you are, you made my night....it means a lot. THANK YOU!!

PS. Atilla was a hunn....Remember what happened to Rome.....The Vatican

*004*2013-02-01 06:29

I was hoping someone would point that out....Don't fuck with history :D

However i didn't actually say Atilla made it to Rome, just imagine them as 2 separate thoughts....the important part is that Atilla was a Hun

..besides i just fixed it

