A comfort

Author: littleleo

*000*2015-08-08 03:37

Hello everyone. Here’s the experience I had yesterday, and whilst I’m sure some of you will doubt that my story is true, as I still can’t quite believe it myself, I’d like to point out that I’ll be doing the very best I can in order to stick to what really happened. So let’s just start at where it all began, that is to say here, on the internet. I only found this website very recently but when I started reading some of the posts in the forums on here it became clearer and clearer to me that my interest actually has a long history, one I was not always that aware of. (This is a topic for another post though because it has nothing to do with my recent experience.)

The thing is that I ended up wondering what it really is that turns me on about peeing once I’d realized this interest of mine hadn’t gone, it had only just kind of been sleeping inside me for a while. The conclusion I arrived at was that it’s the thought of peeing in front of a stranger (with or without him/her knowing it) while having some kind of a conversation with them at the same time. Now I am really shy about this kink of mine and I know for sure that I would never ever ever dare to do that in real life, so I started considering other possibilities of having this experience.

The website I ended up at was an alternative to chat roulette and I went on there with this kinky intention of mine. I don’t really remember how many penises and how much wanking I had to look at but I ended up finding 3 people willing to talk to me. The first one was really nice to me in the beginning but at some point he asked me what I was doing and my answer was: “peeing”. Then “myself” in a second reply. At first he was like: “really?” and I just thought: oh my, what did I just do? But I couldn’t stop peeing then so I just let go and said yes. He said that was kind of hot but I think he didn’t take it too seriously. He might actually have been thinking I was joking until he realized I wasn’t because that conversation ended really abruptly and he didn’t even say goodbye.

The next mentionable web cam partner I had was also very kind to me but the thing that I was most surprised about was his reaction. When I told him I was peeing myself he just said: “wow.” And then “that’s hot”. I was kind of perplexed at that and my diaper just kept filling and filling and I even let him have a peak at it because he asked really kindly. We talked a little more, but I don’t remember about what exactly because I was really quite turned on by the feeling of that nest of warmth between my legs and having trouble to take in the fact that he didn’t seem to judge me in a bad way. We had a great conversation though even if I don’t remember that much but the third person I met that night (or morning) was actually amazing.

He had a really sympathetic face which is why I started chatting with him. I told him that I was mostly there to talk but also to kind of experiment with something but that I didn’t really want to tell him what it was because I was aware of the fact that it might seem quite strange. He told me that I didn’t have to tell him but that if I wanted to he wouldn’t be judgmental about it. I don’t know what it was about him but he seemed so nice that I grew really shy and even a little embarrassed about the fact that I was sitting there in already quite wet diapers.

In the end I told him what it was that I was there to experiment with, because his guess was that it might have something to do with incest. Compared to incest (and I don’t mean to judge here I’m just stating my perception of things) my intention didn’t sound that bad anymore which led me to finally let him in on my secret. He seemed a little surprised, remarking that it’s probably not a very common thing but then he asked how it was and what it felt like. I told him I had only given way to a little pee yet because I wasn’t really sure if he’d be okay with it, but then he said that he was and I couldn’t resist the temptation anymore so I peed myself for the third time and this time it felt so warm and my diaper seemed like it was flooding and my vagina wouldn’t stop twitching and peeing more and more and more and my entire body shivered. 

After a while he asked if I was done but there was still waves of pee coming in periodically and I felt like I was out of control. Moaning, I grabbed my crotch and pressed the diaper against it, even started rubbing my crotch against the warmth and felt the tingling increase. When I was able to answer again I told him I was done now and that I was really sorry in case it had made him feel uncomfortable. He said he hadn’t felt uncomfortable at all and that he’d enjoyed my company. He was being really sweet about it all and told me that he’d hope I get lots of chances and outlets to act on this impulse and for me to find someone to share these experiences with in real life. It was 6 a.m. by then and as we were both tired we said goodbye and I thanked him again for being my outlet that night and being so kind with me about the whole thing.

After shutting down the computer and changing into a new diaper I fell asleep like a baby.

I’ve sometimes felt really bad about myself and those tendencies I have but apparently they’re not as intolerable as I thought they were, which is really quite comforting :).

*003*2015-08-11 14:35

I think it was more of a one time thing because in hindsight I feel really bad about not being able to tell my boyfriend about it, so yeah. I didn't exchange any contact info with any of them and I doubt I would do it again as it seems like I've used up all my resources of courage. And doing it again seems really unfair towards my boyfriend if I don't tell him and if I did tell him I think that would cause some really unnecessary trouble but as I'm really bad at keeping secrets in general we'll see how that works out.

*005*2015-08-12 23:18

{{ 

What a cute story! And daring. It is nice to have someone to share our deepest secrets with.

}}

Thanks Helena, I'm glad you liked it :) . You're right it is indeed nice to have someone to share our secrets with, it does also make us quite vulnerable though doesn't it?

*007*2015-08-13 10:07

{{ 

Strangers are the easiest to tell secrets to, because you don't have much to lose. Don't be too hard on yourself.

But, if it's important to you, then you owe it to yourself to bring it up. The delivery is important here. As long as you aren't speaking crazily, scared, or super ashamed about it, then even if he finds the idea strange or repulsive, it won't hurt things if he cares about you the person more than you the collection of ideas and traits on a checklist.

P.S. Your story was great. Sounds like a really fun time.

}}

Now that's quite a remarkable observation and yet it's soo true. Honesty is important to me but I don't think this experience is important enough to risk getting in a fight over it and seeing how my boyfriend already knows most of my secret things I might just keep this little one to myself...

Thank you for your advice though! :)

*009*2015-08-14 18:30

{{ 

Yes, Leo, very vulnerable! I've found that sharing my omo secret and, even more, my late bedwetting secret with someone who truly understands creates a bond and thus certain expectations, even longing.

Leo, I trust you will be careful not to hurt your boyfriend. I expect that he would not react well to knowing that you were doing intimate, sexual things on cam with other guys. What understanding do you have with him about exclusivity? You seem inclined not to keep camming when he's away, and that's probably the best choice. You don't want to risk damaging your primary relationship for a few thrills, do you?

}}

I am very careful not to hurt him and can not really explain what drove me to doing what I felt I needed to do while he was away. Well I don't really think it was all that sexual as I was basically just chatting with these guys and didn't show my face or any intimate parts of my body and I had expected the pleasure to be really one-sided. In hindisght I realise that there was probably more of a sexual thing about it as I was willing to admit in the first place, which is why, as I said I wasn't really planning on doing that again. I'd be way too upset if I ended up hurting one of the few people I actually love.

*012*2015-08-15 09:44

{{ 

Thanks for sharing! This was fun to read; I'm happy you had a good experience.

}}

You're welcome and Thank you :)

*014*2015-08-16 02:29

{{ 

I think your attitude is very admirable. You sound like a very caring person. I wish you both the best of luck.

}}

Thanks Wetset, and it's true or at least I would consider myself a caring person. I wish you the best of luck as well :)

