How I got here

Author: poodragon

*000*2014-03-28 21:01

I understand this forum is mainly for desperation, omo etc...

But it is the first place that I have seen that has had a good open dialogue on peeing. A place where people can voice experiences, thoughts and it is received with an open mind. It's nice! I haven't really been able to talk much about it before so I thought this is where I will open up.

As I am sure most of you here are aroused by wetting in pants or something similar. As I like to see it, It's the idea of wetting somewhere you are not supposed to. I will get into more details about that later in this message.

My name on here is poodragon - It is not because I am into scat or anything of the sort. I just think the idea of a dragon made of poo is hilarious.

So here is my story, My real story.

I remember having dreams as a young child peeing in a diaper long after I stop using them. The dreams would be me entering a room full of people and I would be the only one who knew I was wearing a diaper. I would then wet myself beneath my clothes. These are my earliest memory of any dreams at all. I remember them so well because they started happening around the same time I was able to get turned on, I would wake up aroused immediatly when I started or just finished wetting in my dream. I never pissed the bed however. These were just dreams to me, I remember thinking they were rather off or strange but didnt invest much thought into them. I never made the connection until later in my life.

Earliest memories of arousal in general were with the good ol sears catalogue. Damn those were some fine ladies looking confident in their underwear... still not much is sexier than a confident women. It was the first time I ejacutaled... scared the shit out of me, No one gave me "the talk" prior to that. All I knew was that rubbing myself felt good, I had no idea anything came after that (no pun intended) That lasted about 4 years without any knowledge of pee or the arousal from it.

I knew I could bring myself to orgasm and I knew why... sexy ladies. I thought ok cool - I like to play with myself because it feels good.

When I was in grade 8 I was hanging out with a friend, we used to walk late at night. Even as a kid I was always a night owl, always had a sense of wanting to explore and be somewhat defiant. I've had my run-ins with the law a couple times for stealing and usual kid behaviour, breaking a window... etc.. But this night we were out causing trouble, being up to no good.. same old same old. We were walking past the local park and I said I have to pee. I did! Prior to this I never really peed somewhere I shouldn't. It was always camping or somewhere where it was acceptable to pee outside of a toilet. He said just pee here. 

We walked over the climbers/play area and I climbed up the wooden steps to the second level of the play gym (they used to be made of wood before changing to metal) I walked over the highest corner, my friend was already peeing off the side on the other side. This is when it hit me... I am NOT supposed to be peeing here. Then a got an intense hard-on, to the point where I couldn't pee, even though I had to so badly. When I say it was an intense hard-on, I mean I had never felt that good so fast in al my life. My friend had already peed and started walking away so I thought damnit, I really need to pee but damn I feel euphoric, I had never felt like that, not even close to that ever before. I really wanted to pee and I really wanted to cum. 

So I tried to quickly rub one out.. Not something I like to do in public or something I feel would be appropriate but I was just so excited I really didnt know what else to do. I did that for about 10 seconds before I realized I was jerking off on a playground and if I ever got caught I would never be able to live it down, so quickly my arousal left and I was able to pee. Still enjoying it very much. I couldn't finish the pee before another hard on but it was enough of a release that I was able to carry on with the evening.

I want to be clear - I didnt really understand it was the pee that turned me on. As far as I knew I just liked doing things I wasn't supposed to do. This actually led to me thinking I was attracted to my male friend. I didn't know what else to think, I was so turned on and he was with me I immediately related the two of them. The pee had nothing to do with it in my mind.

One late night we got smashed drunk and touched penises and I knew that wasn't the case. I am not into guys... at all, Turns out he was. I had to stop, even as drunk as I was.. it wasnt working or doing anything for me. It was quite clear that I was confused and I think it offended him and he wasnt able to be my friend any more. Too bad really because I never judged him for it, but I think he judged himself for liking guys. I must admit that I was a little disappointed because I wanted that excitement I felt that one night. So I thought maybe I can find a girl who likes to fuck in places we aren't supposed to, that must be it...

Did that... not really that fun at all... well damn.

I was searching the internet for porn about a year later and came across a photo set by accident... (A photoset that just popped up here a couple days ago!!!! so thanks for that. Seriously thanks, I had no idea who the model was and hadnt seen it in years. This is a repost of the file so thanks to the original upper. This is the actual photoset that brought back the excitement I thought I lost, the set that made me realize what I like) GrayTaylor.rar

I immediately and uncontrollably pleasured myself when I saw those pics. I can not express how turned on I was. I spent a few days thinking about it... thinking about the dreams I used to have and trying to make sense of it all.... I didnt pleasure myself for a while as I was shocked and a little embarrassed at the idea of it all... to think I was more accepting to the idea of being gay than to accept the idea that wetting turned me on.

I convinced myself that it was something I should keep to myself. So other than masturbating to what I could find online... I never shared it with anyone else. I mean why would I? Who in their right mind likes this stuff!!! I thought only a few, at least I knew some did because they were taking pictures and making money off videos etc online.

So it was my secret for years. I dated a girl for 6 years and never told her. Never thought to because no way would she be into it, she might even break up with me! I was scared.

Then I got to college, I met a lovely girl in my class and we started dating. I told her that I was "kind of" into the idea and she said sure why not!

We talked about it for a while because she was very curious.

This is when I started really piecing it all together and coming up with what it is I like and why I like it. It's wet, it's hot and it's not normal. I like all of those things. I like the idea of doing something that would normally be frowned upon, something that makes me different, something that is a kind of fuck you to society. I don't like your boring lives... this is what excites me. That mixed with the sexiness of a women. A women who is relieving herself... A women who finds pleasure in me feeling pleasure... I love a wet pussy, sorry to sound crude but I do. The wetter the better. A women being turned on and wetting is thus the greatest sexual pleasure in the world.

So she said sure! And she loved how much it turned me on.

The first time was her peeing in the bathtub, nothing on. She wasnt comfortable wetting any of her clothes. Of course I said yes, that's more than anyone had done for me before! I couldnt wait for her to stop peeing, I was already in the tub with my cock between her legs. She stop immediately as she wasnt comfortable peeing on me but I said I dont mind and we can try again later, so no more pee that night but the sex was the best I ever had.

Eventually it led to clothed peeing, and other fun activities. It was a great time. Unfortunately most good things come to an end. I still have a typical and respectful relationship with her and some ex's do. But she helped me find who I was and I helped her find herself. win/win.

Since then I have been much more open to the concept of conversation about it and am far more comfortable with it.

I have been in a couple conversation with people and been open and honest about it, people whom I just met and knew wouldnt judge me or I wouldnt ever have to talk or see them again... how else are you going to gauge peoples reactions and opinions.

I was surprised how many people didn't seem to care or had past relationships where their partner was into watersports of some kind.

I'll be happy to expand on my desires if you'd like, but I am not going to bore you if you don't. I respect all sexuality so feel free to open up but no I do not like men. So even if you do I will talk to you, just don't go sending me pics of your dong.

I wanted to open up and share with you what it is to be me. I do this in hopes that you can be more comfortable with yourself or that you can take the time to look and what it is you like about omo etc..

