Bursting at the Business Conference (male desp)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-17 00:06

During my first year of university I attended a business event at a conference centre, which was organised by the uni. I felt quite thirsty that morning, and so I drank about a pint of water (just over 500ml) while putting on my suit and getting ready to leave my flat. I arrived at the conference centre slightly late (just before 11am, when the conference was due to start) and as I hurried up the stairs to put away my coat I felt a fair urge to piss. I was quite surprised that I was already needing to go so early in the day, but then I remembered all the water I’d drank earlier. I quickly walked back down and followed the sign to the toilets.

However, I turned the corner and saw that the door to the next room was blocked by one of the conference co-ordinators (a stern looking but attractive woman in her 40s), who was telling everyone to go upstairs as the first speaker was about to start. I was too shy to ask if I could quickly use the toilets, so I turned round and went back upstairs with everyone else. Tea and coffee was being served in the conference room, and I decided to get a coffee to help me wake up, not thinking about the effect it would have on my already uncomfortably full bladder.

I sat down at my assigned table and glanced through the agenda, seeing that the scheduled lunch break was at 1pm, 2 hours away! I sighed and bit my lip, realising I had a long wait. A few other students joined me, and after a bit of small talk, the first presentation got underway. Halfway through the first hour and I’d already finished my coffee. The coffee had also made me quite thirsty, so I’d drank quite a lot more water as well (there were water jugs and glasses on every table).

My need to piss was steadily growing, and I was starting to squirm around in my seat and bounce my legs. Luckily, the tables were quite large and so we weren’t sat too closely together, so my fidgeting went pretty much unnoticed. I began to look for an opportunity to quickly leave the room and hurry to the toilets to relieve myself, but with so many guest speakers, plus a business activity to work on with the other students at my table, there was no chance for me to get up and go. I was starting to get more and more uncomfortable, but I had no choice but to concentrate on the challenge we had been set.

By midday, I was really regretting drinking the coffee earlier, not to mention all the extra water I’d drunk! We’d finished the business challenge but by now I was struggling to sit still and finding it hard to concentrate on what the speakers were talking about. My ankles were crossed underneath my chair and I was bouncing my knees around almost constantly. I really wished I’d had a chance to pee earlier, if only that woman hadn’t been standing exactly where I’d needed to go through! Throughout the next hour, I tried to focus on the presentations and put my steadily filling bladder to the back of my mind, but it was easier said than done.

At around half past 12 I noticed a girl sat at a table near to the entrance get out of her seat and hurry quickly out of the room, pushing her thighs together as she walked. She was clearly on her way to the toilets, and I watched her leave enviously, biting my lip. As luck would have it, the table I was sat at was the furthest away from the entrance, and if I were to get up and walk out I’d end up walking past pretty much everybody in the room. There was just no way, I’d have to hold on until lunch. During the next few minutes a few other girls and a couple of guys (all sat near or fairly near the entrance) got up and left for what must have been some very relieving pees, and all I could do was watch them as they walked out of the room, squirming in my seat as I imagined the relief they felt as they emptied their swollen bladders.

It was nearing 1pm, and by now I was absolutely bursting. I was constantly glancing at the clock, and I couldn’t concentrate on the presentations for even a second, focusing solely on holding in my piss until the lunch break. I was finding it increasingly difficult to sit still, and by now my bladder was extremely full and felt rock hard. I desperately wanted to hold my dick under the table, but I glanced around and saw that the attractive woman from before (who had been blocking the way to the toilets) was sat right behind me, slightly to my left hand side. I almost moaned out loud in frustration. If she so much as glanced in my direction she’d be able to see everything I was doing. I could risk it, but it wasn’t a risk I was willing to take, no matter how desperate I was.

As I glanced at her, I noticed that she had her legs crossed tightly, and she was fidgeting a little in her chair, bouncing her foot. She looked quite tense and was pursing her lips together, and I noticed an empty coffee cup on the floor beside her seat. It definitely looked like she had to pee, and as I glanced round at her again, she uncrossed her legs and crossed them tightly the other way. Oh god, she definitely had to go, and it looked as though she was bursting! She probably needed to piss as badly as I did, with no choice but to wait until the lunch break, just as I had to. I rested my hands discreetly in my lap, pressing down on my thighs to help me wait. Things were starting to get really interesting…

With only 5 minutes to go until 1pm, I was getting frantic. Time seemed to have slowed to a crawl, and I couldn’t sit still even for a second. I wanted to squeeze my dick so badly, but with the woman sat behind me, there was just no way I could do it without her seeing. I glanced round at her again, and saw that she was now sat with her legs apart, hands resting together on the front of her skirt, discreetly bouncing her knee. She must have noticed me staring at her, because she turned her head and met my gaze. I quickly glanced away, then after a few seconds I glanced back at her, and noticed that her eyes were now fixed on my jiggling legs and on my hands, which were resting tightly in my lap, discreetly pushing down on my cock to help me hold on for the last few minutes.

She looked up and caught my eye again, and with my desperation now overshadowing any embarrassment, I leaned over to her. ‘Um… excuse me... would it be ok if I go to the toilet, really quickly?’ I whispered, biting my lip, my eyes pleading. She met my gaze again and whispered back. ‘We’ll break for lunch in a couple of minutes, it’s probably best if you wait until then’. I wanted to say that I was bursting and would really appreciate it if I could go straight away, but shyness overcame me and I just nodded and whispered ‘OK’. She nodded back and leaned back in her chair, crossing her legs tightly once again. I turned my attention back to the front of the room, willing the speaker to finish his presentation.

The next few minutes were a blur, and by now I was right on the edge of my seat, rocking from side to side discreetly in pure urgency. I kept telling myself ‘not long, not long now until you can piss, just hold on, you’ve been desperate before, you can wait a few more minutes.’ I looked at the clock, 1pm. I breathed a sigh of relief, expecting the speaker to conclude his presentation any second. But he didn’t. To my horror, he kept talking and talking. After a couple of minutes, with still no sign of when the lunch break would be, I glanced around at the woman behind me. She was now looking worried, and had gone back to sitting with her legs apart and her hands on her lap, fidgeting around quietly.

It looked as if all she wanted to do was bury her hands between her legs, but of course, in a room full of people, she simply couldn’t do it. She glanced at the clock, bit her lip, then caught my eye. She must have known what I was thinking, because she leaned over to me so I could talk to her. ‘Um… sorry… are you sure I can’t quickly go out? I’m really desperate’ I said quietly, struggling to keep my voice calm. She shook her head impatiently. ‘They’ll be finished soon, you’ll just have to wait a bit longer. The toilets are only downstairs’. I felt like saying that I knew they were, and the only reason I didn’t use them earlier is because a certain somebody was blocking the way through, but I kept quiet and turned my attention back to the speaker, blushing as I knew that the woman was watching me fidget and squirm.

Just as I began to doubt whether or not I’d make it out of the room with dry trousers, the speaker began to finish talking. I fought to hold in my piss for just a couple of minutes more. I was totally desperate, every inch of my body felt tense and my breathing was shallow, the pressure in my bladder almost impossible to bear. I noticed the woman behind me standing up and shifting her weight from one foot to the other, hands still resting on the front of her skirt. She was biting her lip and was staring intently at the speaker.

I used the opportunity to wrap one hand tightly around my throbbing cock, using the other to hide what I was doing. I was sat hunched over in my seat, bouncing both knees around like crazy. ‘Hurry up hurry up hurry up just fucking hurry up so I can piss’ I silently begged. After another minute or so, FINALLY, the presentation ended and people began to applaud. I winced and let go of my dick, clapping my hands a couple of times before forcing them between my legs once again. I glanced at the woman and noticed her tightly crossed legs. She might have made me sit here and endure a desperate urge to piss, but at least she was suffering with me.

After enduring another minute of the conference director telling us where to meet after lunch, we were finally allowed to leave. I stood up and gasped as I was forced to let go of my cock, following the crowd towards the exit. Fuck, this was going to take forever, and I wasn’t sure how long I could wait now I couldn’t hold myself. I had to make do with putting my hands in my pockets and trying my best to push on my dick without anyone noticing. There was only one thing on my mind – I had to find somewhere to piss straight away. Just then, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around, and was surprised to see the woman from before.

‘Sorry, I’ve just remembered, there’s actually toilets on this floor if you don’t want to fight your way through the crowd.’ She spoke quietly so that only I could hear her. She was blushing slightly, and I saw she was still biting her lip and fidgeting around. I felt my cock starting to swell again and I subtly readjusted my trousers. ‘Oh right… thanks.’ I gasped. I followed her away from the crowd and through a side door, heading down a quiet corridor, our hurried footsteps echoing.

‘They’re just down here’ she said breathlessly. ‘I need the loo rather badly as well, I shouldn’t have had all that coffee’. I laughed, I knew she had to go of course, but was surprised to hear her admit it all the same. ‘Me neither’ I replied, ‘it felt like that last presentation was gonna go on forever’. ‘Oh I know! I was quite tempted to walk out but after I told you to wait until the break I felt it was only fair that I did as well! I’m absolutely bursting now though’. ‘Oh me too’ I said, making her laugh. Just then, we reached the door to the ladies toilets. ‘The gents toilets are just around the corner’ she gasped, and I just had time to thank her quickly before she threw open the door and hurried inside.

Alone once more, I speed-walked around the corner and into the men’s toilets. I stood in front of a urinal and bounced around frantically as I undid my belt. ‘Oh godddddd I need to piss soooo fucking bad’ I moaned quietly as I tore open my fly and pulled out my throbbing cock. Almost as soon as my dick was in my hand, piss erupted out of me, and I gasped loudly with relief, throwing my head back and closing my eyes. ‘Ohhhh yesss’ I muttered as I pissed and pissed, biting my lip in pleasure. As for the woman, well I didn’t see her for the rest of the conference, until right at the end when I was walking out of the conference centre, when we shared a knowing glance and a smile.

