First Experience

Author: sername

*000*2013-06-20 02:02

I first discovered this, quite late in life but I suspect it was always latent in me. I am not remotely into scat of any kind but I find an accidental, desperate wetting - and occasionally, a knicker-pooping – an enormous turn on. It’s the sheer naughtiness and feeling of witnessing the ‘forbidden’ that is so beguiling.

On a business trip in East Africa a few years ago (I was 36) - work very successfully completed - a female colleague and I were encouraged to stay in Nairobi for a few days of networking and entertaining our new clients.

As well as being a office-mate, Kristen and I had mutual friends in London: we had known each other for over four years and had often socialised after work or found ourselves invited to the same parties etc.

Staying at The Norfolk - a famous, low-rise, old colonial hotel, laid out around quiet courtyard gardens - we had carte blanche from the boss back home, to be pretty lavish in our entertaining. Months of hard work over, a great deal closed, Kristen and I in everyone's good books: we were relieved, relaxed and in holiday mood.

One evening we took our clients to the Karen Club we where dined 'til late.

Our Kenyan clients and their wives - the ice broken and wine flowing liberally - teased the two us mercilessly about our being in our thirties and still. All evening, they made great sport of trying to pair us off: the laughter (and our blushes) never let-up. Kristen was 34, blonde, and had a full, womanly figure. Unmarried but liked by all, there was a little of the Bridget Jones character about her (save that Kristen had brains: a first from Cambridge, already a ‘name’ and sought-after in her profession, a stellar career lay ahead). At about midnight, our cars arrived and - after warm farewells - we departed. We had a half-hour drive ahead of us.

Nervously giggling on the way, Kristen confided that she was "Absolutely dying for a wazz": I thought nothing of it until we arrived at our hotel when it became clear she was very uncomfortable and was quite curt with the night receptionist in the (virtually empty) foyer. Impatient to get to her room, key finally in hand, she said she'd come across to my room for a nightcap in a moment but "Wanted to freshen-up and get out of these bastard heels". With that she literally minced off ahead of me, across the dimly lit grass 'quad'. I turned to go to my own room when I heard Kristen – some 30m away - loudly hiss some curse or other and I called out: “You OK?” Walking over, I found Kristen standing in the shadows under a bougainvillea - knock-kneed and tottering on her heels – with a face like thunder and almost tearful. She saw me appear and simply said - very crossly - "I've had an accident!".

She had half rucked-up her light summer dress and was gripping the hem with clench fists pressed against her thighs. She snapped “Go and open my bloody door!” (only a short step away along a cloistered but better-lit walkway) and - taking the key - I noticed in the half-light that she had clearly peed herself; her calves were glistening and was standing in a puddle of her own making. “No! Quick! Walk behind me!” and with that, she waddled on ahead of me, towards the room.

She was furious. Trying to deflect the full force of her ire (which I felt was being somewhat unfairly directed, straight at me) and yet remain helpful and gallant, I said something utterly witless like: “No worries - it isn’t the end of the world”. We had arrived at her door and Kristen literally spat back it me: “I’ve had a real accident, you prat!. I've pooed in my knickers: they’re nearly falling down my legs!". She pushed past me as soon as I had turned the key and firmly closed the door in my face.

I was dumbstruck. I strolled back across the quad, feeling bemused and somehow, strangely guilty. The only person on the quad was the outside bartender and - seeing him - I decided to have a nightcap alone, under the night sky in the garden.

I considered whether (and if so, when and how) I should check to see if Kristen was OK. However, about half an hour later Kristen appeared – wet haired, clearly showered and sorted – wearing a tee shirt and shorts. I played the ‘nothing happened’ card, poured her a drink and started talking about the dinner and our clients.

Kristen went with the charade for a few moments but then, suddenly and very matter-of-factly, looked me straight in the eye and said firmly: “Look. I’m very embarrassed about this. Please promise to keep it to yourself”. After seemingly endless assurances, making light of the whole situation and telling her I wouldn’t dream of repeating the episode to a soul, she relaxed a little and finally smiled for the first time.

We got quite tipsy and talked for an hour or so. Kristen confided that she realized she wouldn’t make it to her room and was about to pee in her knickers so nipped into the shadows to take a squat. In her own words she blurted-out “I thought it was a fart! My bladder simply gave way and I completely filled my knickers! I couldn’t help it.”

At about 2.00 we decided to turn-in and Kristen – serious again – asked for my assurance one more time that I would “Be a gentleman and keep schtum”. I earned a platonic but nevertheless very warm and fond kiss from Kristen, when we said goodnight and returned to our own rooms.

I kept my word until now. It’s a vivid memory which will stay with me, always.

