Friday night was a good night!

Author: Haburashi

*000*2015-02-07 01:56

Hello my friends!

It's been a while since I wet myself...My last wetting was last year! Why? Because I'm living together with my parents...

But I've been creative today!

I was wearing underpants, shorts and a jeans.

I came home from work at 5PM. It was a normal boring day and all my friends were busy. I was asking myself what I should do today. "Nothing", was my lazy answer and I grab me a coke.

8PM: My coke is half empty (or half full) and I decide to go to the restrooms. A little pee later I am coming back to my business: "Nothing"

9PM: My coke is empty now and I need to pee again! Maybe I should hold it a little...A little desperation could be fun!

10PM: The urge to pee grows stronger (5/10)...i can't pee myself! My family is home! I need to focus. I drink a bottle of water to calm down.

11PM: My bladder pulsates and adrenaline rises. It feels so great...I want to pee myself! (Pee level: 6,5/10)

11:30PM: I take another bottle of water and go to my mom. "Hey...A friend asked me to pick him up. He was drinking some alkohol and he don't want to walk home. It's really cold outside..."

Mom: "Allright! I am going to sleep now. Good Night!"

11:40PM: Oh sh*t...It is really cold outside and I really need to pee (7/10). But first I need to de-ice the car! (7,2/10)

11:45PM: The car is warm now and I am driving to a parking lot near by. Be careful! And don't pee and drive! (7,5/10)

11:50PM: I am staying at the parking lot. I tighten my belt and I am feeling really aroused right now! But I can't hold...any...longer...(8,5/10)

0:00: I need to leave the car now! My bladder trembled and I am breathing faster and faster. I am searching for a hideout. I feel a little warm spurt. It feels so amazing! I am going to a shelter. Another little warm spurt. I pull down my jeans and squat down. A big warm stream go through my underpants in my shorts. A big puddle of pee shining in the moonlight. It was fantastic!

Later at home I need to pee again! I decide to hover over the sink and pee through my pants. It was a really nice night!

It's 02:52 AM now...And I need to pee again...

