In class

Author: jposedes1

*000*2012-01-01 20:04

I didn't have a chance to goto the bathroom, otherwise I would miss my bus. So I just grabbed my stuff and headed for the bus stop. I had to go, but was not desperate and could hold it until I got to school.

Anyways, there was an accident on the highway and which had traffic stopped, but I was still ok. No worries, I could wait until I got to school.

The bus finally arrived, but it was already 20 minutes into class, and the principal was forcing everyone to just go straight to their respective classroom.

Dammit, I thought, I don't know if I can hold it for another 2 hours....oh well, I'll just ask to break off, figuring the teacher would understand considering the delay.

Got into class and the teacher was yelling at me for my tardiness. I tried to explain the situation, but she wasn't having any of it (to her credit, I was typically always late for class, for various other reasons). Anyways, 20 minutes in, I am now getting desperate. Crossing my legs, and pinching my crotch through my pockets.

I raised my hand and asked to go. The teacher said "no, you should have thought about that while you were choosing to show up late, again, you can hold it". I said, "no, I'm desperate, I really have to go". Still, her answer was "no".

I continued to hold for what seemed like an eternity, but in reality was only 5 minutes. I again raised raised my hand and asked to goto the bathroom. The answer was still no. Great, I thought. Now she is annoying me.

I said to myself, I am going to ask her again, and I will warn her and the entire class that I will just pee my pants in class if she doesn't let me go. After 5 more minutes of squeezing and grabbing my crotch discreetly through my pockets, I raised my hand again, and asked the question " can I ppleeease goto the bathroom". No, was the answer, and then a warning that I would get detention if I didn't stop asking. Well, this really annoyed me so I said to her, "I am going to ask you one more time, and if you don't let me go, I am just going to pee my pants in front of the whole class, and you will have to deal with the end result, not me". "NO", was the answer, and then she gave me detention for talking back to her.

Dammit, she's calling my bluff. I continued to fidget in my chair, Grabbing my crotch through my pockets. I felt a sharp pain and then keeled over, squeezing with all my might to prevent any leakage. Then Peter, who was sitting next me dared me to do it. "do it, he whispered, I wanna see the reaction from that B****" But I didn't have another change of clothes, which meant that if I did it, I would have to go the whole day in wet pants. I said," i got nothing to change into, I can't go the whole day like this" He said, "just wear your PE outfit for the rest of the day, she needs to learn her lesson".

That was all the convincing I needed. At that point I just let go, slowly, at first. I watched my patch grow ever larger, then another sharp contraction, and the flood gates opened up. The inevitable hissing sounds I complete let go, and felt the warm, wet sensation creep from my crotch, to my butt, and then the sound of dripping as the chair flooded and couldn't contain anymore. The Peter looked over with the most mischevious smirk, and confirmatory nod to "finish the job".

So I finished my duty, rose from my chair, and stood in the aisleway, and again asked the teacher: "Can I please goto the bathroom? Oh wait, I don't need to anymore. See what happens when you don't listen? Now your class is my bathroom", and sat back down into my chair. My classmates where dead silent. At that point the teacher instructed me to leave and clean myself up. To which I stated: "Nope, I warned you that you would have to deal with this, and didn't budge from my seat. I spent the rest of the class just peeing my pants since they were already wet, and because I turned it back on the teacher, I earned the nickname "pisser", but as a term of endearment, not ridicule.

The school initially issue me a 3 day suspension for insubordination, but my parents quickly had that overturned once they threatened action. After that, it became standard practice for everyone to simply get up and go to the bathroom if they needed to.

*004*2012-01-02 06:05

{{ 

Interesting, although it sounds a little far-fetched. Are you sure this is a real life experience?

}}

Yep, midschool years. The reason I was always late for her class was so I could goto the bathroom, because she had such a bad reputation for being a bitch. But this particular time I was unable to.

