Accidents As a Kid(Big and Small) - Page 2

Author: mattso800

*026*2016-06-15 03:31

I never bothered to detail bed wetting accidents, but I decided I would just because I'm bored. There is also one semi-wetting accident in here which I didn't include.

So even when I was very young, I never really wet my bed. I think I remember one incident when I was five years old, which was just a normal thing that I barely have a memory about because it wasn't a big deal and I was hardly embarrassed. At that age it's very normal, and I progressed on from this normally and never had wetting problems again after the age of 6. I knew kids that had some problems with it, but I never did. Until during seventh grade, at the age of 12, I seemed to regress for a period of time and experienced life as a bed wetter. I am still not sure what brought this on(probably puberty or something), but for a short amount of time I wet the bed fairly regurally and it was one of the more embarrassing times in my life.

So this began during early spring of the year I was twelve. I remember that, in comparison to my mindset after these events, I was completely unaware of my need to pee. I never worried about using the toilet before I went to sleep as my body would just hold it until the morning. I never woke up in the middle of the night needing to pee, and I certainly never wet my bed. The last time I had an "accident" was 4 years ago at the age of 8 and I never really thought about it then. I did have a developing fetish, but I never crossed the line to peeing my pants since that one experience at ten. Basically there was no reason to believe I would ever have potty problems ever again. Sure one may expect a young adolescent to have some developmental issues and have a one off accident or something(although even this would be strange), but not basically regressing into a young child, having fairly regular bed wetting accidents. It did happen though.

The first thing I remember about this was waking up in the middle of the night with a strange feeling, and an urgent need to pee. I got up and before I could inspect the odd feeling I ran to the toilet and peed. As I said, I never woke up in the middle of the night to pee, so this was very strange. After peeing I felt my pajamas and there was, as I slightly suspected, a little wet spot.

It also deflected and got a little on my leg. I wiped the pee of my leg and red faced with embarrassment went to my room and changed my clothing. Luckily, there was no pee on my bed and the little wet spot on my pants would dry by the morning. I got in bed and felt embarrassed by this transgression in my bladder's usual strength. It brought back memories of my accidents as a younger kid and I went to be feeling embarrassed. I woke up dry, but desperate to pee. My first instinct was to bolt out of bed and run to the toilet, but I didn't want to be obvious.

After my last accident, I still had a reputation with my family for rarely having to pee desperately and never having accidents. My younger sister's both got desperate more often and had occasional accidents, although they both very rarely wet the bed. Anyway, I nonchalantly walked straight to the toilet and to my disappointment, it was locked. Just as I did in the past, I got very worried over this and perhaps worked myself into a more desperate state than I should have been.

My heart started racing and I stopped caring what people thought and knocked quickly on the door and asked my sister to hurry. She said it would be just a minute, but I didn't think I could wait. I made a desperate groan and began to hold myself and jump around. My mother heard the commotion and came to see what was happening. The expression on her face was one of surprise and concern as she saw me dance around like a child who held their pee too long. I don't think she thought I would wet myself, but she must have had the Halloween experience in the back of her mind. It was very similar, I had to wait for a very short amount of time, but I worked myself into a desperate mess that looked like he was holding himself for hours.

She encouraged me to hold it and put her arm on my shoulder. After a short period of time, my sister came out and I ran in to the toilet. I realized I had tears on my face as I began to pee into the toilet. It was obvious to everyone that I had come very close to having an accident right outside of the bathroom. I cleaned up after peeing and my mom asked me what that was all about and I just said, I never woke up needing to pee like that before. She just told me it happens and I went about my day, not really thinking much of it.

The next night I went to bed like normal and felt a slight need to pee as I drifted off to sleep. As usual I foolishly ignored this and drifted to sleep. I woke up the next morning completely soaked. I hadn't wet myself a little bit like the night before, I hadn't woken up mid-pee, I woke up in cold urine. I totally wet myself in my sleep without even waking up.

My face red and hot, tears welling in my eyes, I tried to think if there was any way out of this. After deciding there wasn't I just walked out of my room with my soaked pajamas still on and my mom asked "what happened!?" in a shocked tone. I told her I didn't know and I just woke up and I must have peed myself. She looked angry at first, but her emotions softened as she saw the tears in my eyes and how obviously embarrassed I was. She was already putting two and two together, she mentioned yesterday's close call and asked if I was feeling sick. I said no and she just said, well accidents happen I suppose. I didn't feel this way as a twelve year old boy standing in the kitchen with completely soaked pants for the first time in years.

To Be Continued.

