Just happened this weekend

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-04-04 14:05

For the background, my sister-in-law is 18, about to graduate from high school, and is a cheerleader. Great body (like her older sister, my wife). Friday night my wife and I had gone over to her parents house and watched a movie and had dinner, etc. When it was time to leave we all were outside, my wife and I in our car, window open still talking to her parents and sister. We were joking around and laughing and joking and laughing some more when suddenly the sister shoves both hands against the crotch of her short white shorts, bends forward, and says between laughs, "I'm peeing! I'm peeing!"

Everyone else laughs harder and I keep laughing but I no longer care, I'm only focused on her. It was dark and the only light was from a street light behind her so she was kind of in shadows, but as she stood there bent double, legs slightly bent at the knees, hands pushing against her crotch, I started to see light reflect off of lines of pee running down the inside of her legs. 

She just kept laughing and then took her hands away from her crotch and I could see the fabric of her shorts turning darker and almost see-through as the wetness expanded and more pee began pouring straight down onto the driveway and start splashing onto her feet. Everyone was still laughing - including the peeing sister - and her mom managed to say, "Go inside!" The sister turned and started waddling up the driveway, still peeing, towards the house. She was soon behind the cars and I lost sight of her. We said goodbye and drove home. My wife and I had planned on fooling around after we got home anyway, but she probably didn't know I was seeing her sister wetting herself over again in my mind as we finished up...

*002*2011-04-05 20:07

{{ 

Wow! what a great catch! it seems when girls exclaim "I'm peeing!" It's just a tiny bit - she really meant it, I suppose! full-on peeing is the best anyway.

Although your poor waifu... ;_; does she not like omorashi, or have you not admitted it to her yet?

}}

She's not into it. She told me some past stories and has had one small wetting accident since we got married, but she doesn't do it on purprose for me or anything like that.

