Osteopath Desperation

Author: 123Jaz

*000*2014-10-04 10:33

Okay, so before you start reading this, let me warn you, this contains no actual wetting, it's jut desperation! I toyed with the idea of whether or not to post this seen as it doesn't contain wetting but I figured there are people who prefer desperation to wetting so I thought I might as well post it. Unfortunately I have no pictures this time since I didn't really think about it at the time!

So, for some unknown reason my spine curves and comes out of place and this moves my whole frame out of place and moves everything else out of place too, which is very painful! So, to resolve this every week I see an osteopath who moves everything back into place. I always getting appointments in the morning before the day actually starts so I don't have to take time out of anything to go and see the osteopath.

The morning that I'm telling you about, I had an 8am appointment rather than my usual 8.30am appointment. I had been to Portsmouth the night before and had gotten back quite late so I overslept a little and very quickly showered and dressed and left quickly. The osteopath is about 15-20 minutes away from where I live so I had to skip breakfast, and using the toilet, which wasn't good because I had skipped going the night before in favour of going to bed quicker.

Luckily I wasn't late, in fact I had to wait for about 5 minutes because he was running over with his previous patient. Now there is no bathroom in the waiting room because it's a private practise and the waiting room itself is about two and a half metres wide, not enough room to swing a cat! So I thought I might as well hold myself until I was allowed in, so I slipped my hands into the trousers I was wearing and held myself. I quickly had to withdraw my hands and rebutton my trousers when I heard him coming though (oops hehehe).

Now, luckily for most of the apppointment (perhaps 20 minutes) I have to lay on my side with my knees pulled up near my chest so he can pull my back into place, so my thighs were tightly squeezed together the whole time, but as the appointment wore on I still got more and more desperate. But for the last ten minutes of the appointment I had to lay on my back so he could pull otherthings back into place.

It started to get harder to hold and I tried to keep my squirming to a minimum, but I wouldn't be surprised if he knew of my situation. It got even harder to hold when he started to feel my hips to make sure they hadn't twisted because I'm very ticklish and when he started to feel the rest of my torso and even lightly pressed on my bladder I leaked a fair bit (luckily just into my panties!) and when he walked around to my other side I took the oppurtunity to squeeze my thighs together tightly. Then my osteopath felt my ribs which was very tickly indeed (it may sound strange but he has to do it because they swell up normally and that's quite concerning!) and I let out a laugh and leaked a little (luckily just a little!)!

After what seemed like a lifetime the appointment was finally over, so I quickly paid and ran out of the osteopath practice. I couldn't hold myself during the drive home because my dad takes me and I didn't want him to know of my predicament so I crossed my legs tightly and hoped I wouldn't wet myself! I leaked again during the drive home but I managed to stop it by discretly putting my hand between my legs.

When we got back to the house I was almost vibrating with need whilst my dad unlocked the door and once he had opened it I ran upstairs into the bathroom and started struggling with the buttons on my trousers. Because I was in such a desperate state I was finding it hard to undo the button and I couldn't just pull them down because they are quite tight fitting with the button done up. 

I started to leak quite a bit so I undid the zipper and plugged my pee hole (through my panties) with one hand whilst I finally managed to undo my trousers with the other hand! I quickly pushed my trousers down to my ankles with the hand I wasn't using to hold myself and then I slipped my hand inside my soggy panties to plug up my pee hole whilst I pulled my panties down too. I then very quickly sat on the toilet and peed for a good two minutes (I manage to pee all over my hand whilst I sat down.. oops). When I first started to go I honestly thought I was about to orgasm because I felt that familiar knot in my stomach and I shivered as I went. After that I changed my panties and got on with my day!

*002*2014-10-04 10:49

{{:

Good lord, just after I recover from reading your Accidental wetting story you post this one.....this was amazing, I prefer desperation over wetting and the way you described your desperation was so hot.....the bit about plugging your pee hole through your panties was insanely sexy <3

}}

Hehehehe :3 thank you so much! :33333

*004*2014-10-04 14:12

{{:

I can see why Gemmy enjoyed this, you paint some very sexy images

}}

Thank you so much!!!

*006*2014-10-04 17:15

{{:

Another cracker - many, many thanks! I love the image of the desperate struggle once again. Whilst holding yourself when you were able to no doubt helped your muscles contain the flood earlier on, it seems that your hand plugging your peehole was all that was stopping it at the end - the last resort to buy yourself an extra few seconds?

}}

Thank you very much! Hehehe thanks! Yes it was! I just needed to stop myself peeing whilst I pulled everything off!

*008*2014-10-05 13:32

{{:

As I am now, I'm more into the desperation situations than the actual wetting in and of itself, so this story is fine by me. :)

}}

Thanks... I think? I don't know if that's a compliment or not..

*011*2014-10-05 19:32

{{:

Ah, excuse my typical bout of social awkwardness. o.o

That was meant to alleviate any theoretical concern about your story lacking, well... the wetting. Or... something.....

Aannyway, don't mind me if I sound slightly off. XP

}}

It just sounded like you thought my experience was a bit 'meh'.

*014*2014-10-05 19:43

{{:

Down girl xD

I thought your experience was excellent :3 Very sexy x3

}}

Thank you Ronyo :3

{{:

That wasn't what I was trying to sound like at all.

Although perhaps my "It's 5 AM and I stayed up all night perving out on stories on this forum, and now I'm soooo tired. Why am I still awake?" mood was in place as I was saying that and it affected my typing.

}}

It's fine (: I understand! I was just a bit taken aback haha (:

{{:

Wonderful story. I like desperation stories. When you were in the car going home with your legs crossed tight have you ever tried pulling the top leg of your cross up and back to squeeze harder? I have seen women who have to go bad do this. Do you normally pull your trousers down to your ankles when you pee? Seems like more effort to pull them down that far. How far do you normally pull your panties down when you pee? Women I've seen pee pull trousers and panties down anywhere from right below the butt to their knees. It was a good thing you were home so you could change your panties but then again if you used a public restroom no one would know your underpants were wet when you walked out of the restroom. It just might be a little uncomfortable until they dried.

}}

Thank you! Yes, I do do that, perhaps I should have explained that! To answer your question, yes, because the are rather tight at the top because of the design of the trousers I have to otherwise they might rip! With any other trousers I would've just pulled them down to my knees or not even that far! If it had been in public I would've taken them off!

*016*2014-10-05 19:48

{{:

I should apologize. I know I tend to be pretty terrible with words at times. It's kinda why I don't really post much outside of certain threads where I could just link things and... stuff. ^^;

}}

No! Seriously don't worry about it! Just a little misunderstanding!

*019*2014-10-05 21:13

{{:

That is amazing. There is nothing "Meh" about this. I am so totally jealous of your osteopath.

}}

Hehehehe, thank you sweetie! Not only did he get to see me desperate but he also gets to touch wherever he thinks needs fixing haha!

*021*2014-10-06 21:23

{{:

Awesome post! Thank you for sharing. Reminds me of an unfortunate incident I had at the chiropractor.

}}

Ooh do you want to PM me and tell me about that?

*023*2014-10-06 21:29

{{:

But what if other people want to hear about the story? D:

}}

Mwahahahaha

