Experience with an older woman

Author: TVGuy

*000*2015-06-19 18:33

Preface:

Having been interested in this fetish since puberty, I have been lucky enough to have had a handful of personal experiences. However, I have decided not to share many of these. For one, I don't feel that the experience fully belongs to me to share. It seems like it would be a violation to share an experience that isn't just mine. Another reason I haven't shared many of my experiences is that they are deeply personal and I simply don't feel comfortable sharing with the whole internet.

This experience I have not shared because it falls into that deeply personal category. However, after thinking about it, I decided I am comfortable sharing the first part of this story.

The Story:

I had turned 18 the summer before my senior year of high school. Until this point, it had been nearly impossible for me to indulge my omorashi fetish in any significant way. I had a computer, but the dial up at my parents house was insanely slow. I also was not allowed to have my bedroom door closed if I was online, and my computer had to be setup so the monitor was visible looking into my bedroom. So I couldn't visit any adult sites without my parents seeing. Because of the schedule of my parents and siblings I had no alone time either.

The only thing I really could do was, if I stayed up late enough on a Friday or Saturday night, get out of bed after everyone else was asleep and get online. Back then Yahoo Messenger included chat rooms. Anyone could create their own chat room on Yahoo, under any of the pre-defined categories, and that chat room would be active until it had no users in it. Under the adult category there were usually a few chats dedicated to watersports and/or diapers. I would also frequent the Wetset message board and read the stories there.

This summer I was given an amazing opportunity. My siblings were all going to be away at summer camp. My parents, celebrating their 25th anniversary, would be embarking on a cruise and gone for 14 days. For the first time in my life I would get to be alone. For the full 14 days I would have the house entirely to myself.

Obviously this would give me all sorts of opportunities to explore this fetish in a way I never had before. Even just the prospect of being able to hang out in the watersports chat rooms without the threat of my parents walking in was amazing. However, been a teenage guy, and extremely horny, I wanted more. I really wanted to have the kind of experience that I would read about on the Wetset message boards.

I embarked upon a campaign to find a play partner for the time that I would be alone. Most of my efforts were done in chat rooms, but I found this extremely difficult. Many of the women I would chat with were unwilling to talk on the phone and definitely not willing to meet in person.

I did, however, meet one woman in these chats. We'll call her Christie. She was not exactly what I was looking for. To start, she was 31 years old. I really was only interested in girls my own age. Also, Christie's fetish expanded into areas I was not particularly interested in, mainly golden showers and drinking. I was really most interested in desperation and wetting. She wasn't a super model by any means, but she was reasonably attractive. She had the body of a woman, not of a teenager like most the girls my age. But she wasn't obese and presented herself well.

In the months leading up to my 18th birthday, and my parents leaving on their cruise, we talked online and on the phone. She lived a long ways away, nearly 400 miles from me. Despite this she said she was still willing to meet if I wanted, take some vacation time from work and come meet me. As the date got closer she started pressuring me to make a decision. She needed to request the time off if it was going to happen.

I hadn't been able to find anyone else online, so I agreed to meet her. She took the time off and we setup a date and location.

For safety we decided to meet on neutral ground. Downtown, on a street corner. There was a bench there, so I would sit and wait for her. Because of the drive time she had, we met late at night. Almost midnight was the time we were set to meet. So it really didn't matter that we were meeting in town because no one was out that night.

Sitting on the bench, waiting for her, I went through a range of emotions. At times I was extremely excited and horny. Other times I felt very insecure and afraid she wouldn't like me. I was very aware I had almost no experience doing anything with a woman at this point and was afraid I wouldn't live up to her expectations. At other times I was afraid maybe this whole thing was a setup. Despite talking on the phone and exchanging pictures I was afraid she could turn out to be someone totally different. All of these things kept going around in my head.

She only told me what she would be wearing, not what kind of car she was driving. Every time a care came down the street my heart sped up and I started sweating in nervous anticipation and fear. It was horrible. Time was both moving very slowly and very quickly. At several points I seriously considered just going home. But I didn't want to have her show up and me not to be there. That seemed cruel considering how far she had to drive.

The time she was supposed to meet me came, and went. She didn't show up. Ten minutes passed without a sign from her. When she was 15 minutes late I started to feel that she wasn't going to show up. I was beginning to wonder how long I should wait. Another 15 minutes went by and she was now 30 minutes late. It was almost 12:30am and it was getting cold. The sky had got cloudy and the only light was from the orange street lamps. Suddenly I felt very alone and vulnerable. I also felt hurt that she would do this to me. I didn't want to believe that she would stand up like this, but there was no sign of her. I told myself ten more minutes, then I am walking home.

Just then a car pulled up on the opposite side of the street. It was too dark to see inside, but the car was a newer black sedan. Suddenly I had a new fear- What if this is an unmarked police car and a cop wanted to know what I was doing just waiting there? How would I explain myself.

The door opened and Christie stepped out. I don't have the words to describe how much more beautiful she appeared in real life compared to the pictures she sent me. She hand long, flowing blonde hair and intense blue eyes. She was wearing faded, skin tight jeans and a white, sleeveless blouse that was showing off ample cleavage. She smiled at me, then crossed the street.

I was so nervous. My heart was racing like I had just run a marathon. My stomach was churning and I really felt like I was going to throw up on her. She was so beautiful, so mature. How could she ever me interested in me at all?

"I'm glad you didn't give up on me," she said, "I didn't realize it would take quite so long to get here."

"It's okay," I said.

"Do you still want to see me pee my pants?" she asked. "I had about a gallon of coffee on the drive down and I'm about to burst!"

I never expected she would be so forward about this. As I waited I was wondering how we would ever broach the subject of pee in real life. So I was glad she brought it up. Still, there was a part of me that felt like it would be creepy to say yes at this point. At the same time, I didn't want her to think that I didn't want her to wet herself.

I was trying to come up with some kind of response when she just said, "Too late."

I looked down and she was peeing. She completely soaked her jeans, right there on the street. I couldn't believe it. It was absolutely incredible.

So that is all that I am really comfortable sharing publicly. If you would really like to know more, feel free to send me a message and I will try to reply. I hope that this was enough to be enjoyable.

I have fallen out of contact with the real Christie a long time ago. Her real name started with a P. She would be 43 today. Christie, if you are out there and read this and would like to reconnect with me I would love to get a message from you.

