My Wetting Girls

Author: LordJim

*000*2014-03-21 11:17

I now have over a couple of working girls to my place on a regular basis. I love them both and in their own ways they are both fantastic.

The Hungarian girl is young, stunningly beautiful and a body to die for. Above all she acts out my fantasies superbly word for word.

We usually start off with her sitting next to me on the sofa in jeans. We watch a scary film and she wets herself or we watch some porn and she gets so turned on she wets herself. Then we retire to the bedroom. We pretend we are staying in separate rooms in a hotel and she comes in to my room in the morning complaining she can't find a bathroom. A period of desperation and squirming then goes on resulting in her peeing in either knickers or jeans. She then gets in to bed and either plays out a desperation scene or tells me how she likes to masturbate and pee in bed and tells me wetting stories before soaking the bed.

The other girl who is Spanish is even naughtier although not so good with desperation dialogue.

All in all I have a fantastic time and love every second of it. So, it has been an interesting journey and I wouldn't lose my love of wetting for the world. Straight sex could never give me the thrill and excitement of wetting.

As regards this website, Japanese girls wetting are my favourite. They are all so beautiful with lovely bodies and no one does desperation like the Japanese. I love their crazy scenarios too. I do wish though that there was more bed wetting.

Little touches like their lovely choice of knickers, their smart clothes and shoes are all an important aspect to the overall fantasy. Anyway, looking forward to work finishing so I can go home and watch the videos I downloaded over night. Hungarian or Spanish for the weekend ... I am spoilt for choice :-))

BTW. Planned wetting scenarios. In public in a girls clothes shop, in the car and at the cinema. Good to keep this fresh and have something to look forward to.

*002*2014-03-31 16:42

Yes, I think my Japanese girl would be ok with pics. I will snap some next time.

Yes, it is fantastic living out my fantasies that I have stored up over all these years.

I am glad to report that they are as exciting in real life as in my mind.

*005*2014-06-04 22:47

Had an interesting session with one of my girls this evening.

As usual, two hours before meeting I texted her to remind her to drink plenty of water.

She has to travel quite a long way and this evening it took her an hour.

I heard frantic knocking on the door.

On opening she rushed in and asked me to close the door quickly announcing she had wet her panties in the taxi.

Indeed her panties and skirt were soaking.

How hot, she then pulled me in to the bedroom and standing on the bed, released a long stream of pee all over my bed.

BTW ticked another item off my bucket list with two lovely 21 year old Hungarian girls the other evening.

After a lot of giggling both of them wet their jeans. We then retired to the bedroom for a lot of bedwetting.

One of them giving me a BJ with the other kneeling in front of me peeing.

Pretty awesome especially with each girl peeing in front of the other.

Trying to line up an English girl for the weekend as having foreign girls with a limited knowledge of the English language is somewhat prohibitive in getting them to understand the complexities and content of expressing desperation and the verbal content of trying to hold on and loosing control.

