Think it's finally going to happen

Author: lukerossi

*000*2014-07-11 04:27

So I have a very close friend, a girl. She's petite, cute and a great person. We've been friends for a long time and for reasons I won't go into on this forum, we've never been in a position to be "together" but have remained close and shared almost every part of our lives.

About 3 years ago, we got into one of those honest conversations where I confessed me love of pee to Amanda. She didn't judge and I was glad to share something so intimate freely with her.

Since then, we've both had partners or the timing has been off but during different parties or functions, she's often teasingly let me know when she was bursting after too many drinks, but nothing ever eventuated.

Last year, I thought I’d try my luck when I organised a day at the beach together to hangout and drink beer. Of course I picked a remote beach with no people and no toilets in hope that she might finally bite the bullet.

It came close. She'd be running off to the bushes early in the day, but with each beer would try to hold on that little bit longer and moan that she couldn't be bothered to get up.

Of course with every beer under my belt, I became more confident to hint to her just to let go where she was.

She got up to go and I took a leap and stopped her, faced her and said, "Just go here". I could see her thinking hard, but in the end, made a bold for the bushes and soon after we had to leave.

We rarely get to spend time just the two of us, so we recently decided to make it happen and have one great big night where we can drink, dance and have fun without the chore of someone having to drive home.

We picked a window of time and I thought, "Stuff it" and booked a room in a nice Gold Coast high-rise hotel. Quickly I began to realise how good an opportunity this would be to take the step towards a pee party.

So we've been back and forth about this night for days now (it's in a month's time) and been quite flirtatious, however there's been no talk of hooking up or anything.

I decided we should make it a night to remember and we should theme it a "cocktail party". This is my ploy to make sure she is wearing a nice dress (my absolute favourite and biggest pee turn on).

We will stock up on beer, Champaign and cocktail mixers (her idea)

We have rules implemented and they are: 1. What happens in the hotel stays in the hotel 2. No more rules.

I picked a room with a hot tub with a window view, but have not told her. I want to ensure she's not prepared with a bathing suit and might have to go in clothed (or otherwise I guess). Another turn on for me.

I might be reading too much into this whole get away, but I figure if it's ever going to happen, it will happen this night with no rules, lots of booze and no where to be. I'm simply hoping that just once, getting up to go to the bathroom might just be too much effort.

