Garden Wetting

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2014-01-31 17:29

I have had a great day today haha :P I was off work and I decided to have a bit of fun and try to actually wet uncontrollably. It is really hard for me to do that so this took a lot of effort haha.

I prepaired by drinking loads. I drank 0.5l of coke, and 0.5l of water. I did this for 2 hours totalling to 2l of fluid. I was bursting after the 3rd hour and went to the toilet as normal. This helped to weaked and wear out my bladder a bit. Then I did the same. Only this time after the 3 hours I was totally squirming. I quickly changed into my denim shorts, leggings, and converse and went into the garden.

I locked the door behind me and threw the key into the long grass. Its a fairly small key on it's own and I threw it after spinning around with my eyes cloed. I was properly bursting and squirming when I went out so I knew I was going to struggle holding on.

I began the search. I was pacing arund the garden with my legs squeezed together and every know and then I would have to stop to hold my self. I couldn't find it at all it was sooo hard to find. I got on my hands and knees and crawled around for a bit but the grass was too wet so I gave up on that and just started walking around with my hands between my legs and using my foot to move the grass around to see if I could see the key.

After about 15 minutes of looking I was almost about to burst. I could hardly move and had to keep my legs squeezed tightly together. Then suddenly I leaked. I quickly grabbed my self tightly but I couldn't stop it. About 5 seconds passed of me peeing into my hands and it slowly running down the inside of my legs. I managed to stop the flow but not for long. I carried on looking around only this time with more of a panic as I knew people might be able to see my wet bum and front (Not very easy as my garden is quite secluded) but I dont like the risk. The rushing made it harder to hold as I scurried around the garden I kept leaking until suddenly I totally burst. No matter how hard I held my self between my legs or how hard I squeezed my legs together I just couldn't stop it. The pee flooded into my shorts, and down my leggings soaking my converse and cute cold bare feet in them :P it felt so nice warming up my little toes hehe.

After I had peed I had to carry on looking for the key for about 10 more minutes all the time my feet squishing around in my soaked converse and my wet leggings tigtht against my skin.

It felt amazing hehe :D

