Shannon and the XL Coffee

Author: lsn1

*000*2015-08-18 04:07

Shannon and I were driving to upstate New York one Saturday. I had insisted we stop for coffee before beginning the trip. People eyed Shannon voraciously as we stood in line. Physically, Shannon was pale and busty with wavy brunette hair. We were going to a renaissance fair, and since Shannon wanted to look the part, she was wearing long white skirt and a tight corset. Her breasts didn’t want to play along and looked like they might explode out of her top at any moment. Shannon ordered an extra-large cup.

“Be careful, I don’t know if there will be any rest stops during the way.” I laughed.

“Don’t worry about it.” Shannon said, sarcastically rolling her eyes at me. “Besides, you’re the one who has to pee every five minutes.”

“Yeah, but I got a small.” I said.

Shannon laughed and sipped her coffee as she drove. It wasn’t long before she finished the entire cup. About an hour into the ride, Shannon went quiet. I noticed her shifting in her seat often.

“Anything wrong, love?” I asked.

“No. It’s just…nothing, don’t worry about it.”

“You sure?”

“Yeah definitely.” Shannon said, shifting again and wincing slightly this time.

Ten more minutes passed, and Shannon couldn’t sit still.

“Hey, ummm…when does the gps say we’ll get there?” Shannon asked

“About thirty-six minutes, why?”

“Just wondering…”

“Are you feeling ok?”

“Yeah, It’s just….I just REALLY need to pee.” Shannon said hesitantly.

“I really wish you had said something earlier. We just passed a rest stop about five minutes ago.” I said.

“I know, but I didn’t have to go this bad then. I thought I could hold it.”

“Come on, Shannon. You don’t go from zero to desperate over the course of five minutes.” I said as I took my gps down from the dash and selected the option to find the nearest gas station. It was twenty minutes out of our way, but I didn’t mind. I wanted to find Shannon a bathroom as quickly as possible.

“I’ll take us to the nearest gas station and you can pee there.” I said.

“No, let’s just keep going. How far away are we now?” Shannon glanced quickly at the gps in my lap. “Thirty two minutes….fuck.” Shannon muttered.

“I thought you needed to pee?” I said

“I do, but I’m not gonna take us out of our way to find a gas station that we aren’t even sure has a bathroom.”

“It’s fine Shannon. I’ve been to these kinds of festivals before, and they usually have really long lines of cars to get in. It’s better if you just pee before we get there and don’t risk it. I’ll go too.”

“No, let’s just get to the festival, then I can pee.” Shannon said.

“Ok, but are you sure you’re gonna be able to hold it for another thirty minutes?”

“I don’t know, just…let’s just stop talking about it.”

Thirty more minutes of Shannon staring longingly at the gps went by. We finally arrived at the end of a massive line or cars stopped on the road. We slowly inched up in bumper to bumper traffic. Shannon winced each time a stop jostled her bladder.

“Shannon, why don’t you just pee on the side of the road? Nobody’s gonna care.” I said. Some girls exited the car in front of us and walked behind some bushes not far from the side of the road. They kept their backs to traffic as they undid with their belts and quickly squatted down out of sight. Shannon looked at them anxiously and bounced her right leg, sucking in air sharply through her gritted teeth. She gripped the steering wheel so hard her knuckles turned white.

“See, they’re doing it. Other people need to go too. Just pull over to the side of the road and I’ll stand guard.”

“I’m not gonna do that.”

“Then just pull over and you can pee in your cup. That way you don’t even have to get out of the car.” I said pointing to the empty extra-large coffee cup still sitting in the cup holder. I hoped that it would be able to hold the contents of Shannon’s very full bladder.

“No, I can’t.” Shannon said

“Come on, Shannon.” I said. I felt myself becoming extremely frustrated at Shannon’s unwillingness to help herself. Part of me wondered if she was doing this on purpose. She knew that I was into female desperation, and it was something we had never explored. Since we had been having relationship problems, maybe she felt as though the thrill of something new would reignite the spark

“Shannon, we could be in this line for hours and you might as well save yourself the suffering and just pee right now.”

“Stop!” Shannon yelled. “I’m really starting to panic here. I’m not going to be able to wait another hour, but I’d sooner pee myself than go outside.”

“Ok, I’m sorry. I’m sure the line will move fast and you’ll be able to hold it.”

“Me too. It’s really bad. I don’t know what to do.” Shannon said

Fortunately, the line of cars moved very quickly and within twenty minutes we were being ushered into a parking spot on the side of the road. Shannon looked relieved, and some of the tension washed from her face, knowing that soon she would be able to relieve herself. It quickly returned when we were informed that we would have to wait for a shuttle bus to take us to the fair grounds. Shannon bounced up and down as we waited.

Luckily, the bus arrived within just a few minutes. The front of the bus was full, so Shannon and I took a seat in the back. Nobody was watching. Shannon took my hand and put it on the swollen, piss-filled rock that was her bladder. It was bulging out from beneath her tight corset.

“Sitting down like this makes it so much worse.” She said.

Shannon pushed my hand down further, beneath her skirt and her panties. Her lips were wet. I wasn’t sure if she had peed a little or was aroused. She placed my fingers on her love button and pressed down hard.

“Being turned on helps me hold it.” Shannon said as she leaned over and kissed my neck.

“I don’t think I’m gonna make it. It’s so painful.” Shannon whispered into my ear sensually and pressed her breasts against me. I felt a hot trickle hit my fingers as Shannon nibbled my earlobe.

“Are you…?”

“Just a little.” Shannon said, rubbing between my legs. “Hopefully now I can hold it until we get there.”

When we arrived at the fair ground, Shannon was doubled over and shaking with both hands firmly planted between her legs. The first thing we saw was a women’s restroom (with an absolutely massive line of women out the door). Shannon hobbled to the front of the line begging to be allowed to go first, and luckily her request was obliged. She emerged with a smiling face and an empty bladder, but I’ll never forget that day.

