High School Wetting...?

Author: WhiteFire

*000*2011-02-17 01:30

Okay, so this happened just a few days ago, actually. Well, here it goes...

In my Biology class at school, I sit next to this girl (let's call her 'Jackie'), and my teacher (let's call him 'Mike') and her HATE EACH OTHER. So, one day, we had Biology during what's known as 'long period' (a 2 hr long period during which Lunch occurs in 4 separate half hour groups) and we had 1st lunch.

When we got back from lunch, I could tell that Jackie had drank a lot of fluids and hadn't used the bathroom, but she looked like she could control it. But an hour in, she looked like she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. She begged Mike to let her go, but, seeing as Mike hates her guts, he kept telling her no, and to try to hold it. Well, about five minutes later, while the teacher was talking, I started to hear a very soft trickling sound that no one else seemed to hear. I looked at her, and I saw a puddle in her chair that was about to pour off the chair.

Not wanting to reveal my fetish, I pretended to look disgusted, shocked, and surprised. A kid sitting behind me noticed, and he reacted the same way I did. Soon, everyone was looking, even Mike. *dzzzzzzsplshzzzsplshzzzzzzzzsplshzzzzzzzzz* After about 30 seconds, Jackie stopped peeing,and everyone was (much to my surprise) SILENT. Not one snicker, not a giggle, just SILENCE........................ "Okay, so I pissed my pants. What the f*** are YOU gonna do about it?!?" Immediately afterwards, she stormed out of the room, and didn't come back.

It's been a LOOOOONG time since I saw someone wet their pants.

*006*2011-02-17 22:59

{{ 

Gosh I feel weird asking this, but what might "Jackie" have been wearing? curious to see what kind of hotness she was wearing

}}

She was wearing a dark blue capri when she wet herself.

{{ 

Like Corrina, I'm interested in hearing about the aftermath. What happened afterwards?

Did anyone do anything about the puddle? What did the teacher say, or other classmates? Especially about what happened the day after.

}}

Well, about a minute and a half after she left, Mike just picked up the phone, and called for a janitor. Oddly, no one said anything about the wetting for the rest of the class... I don't know why...

As for the day AFTER, almost everyone knew about it, but instead of teasing her (as you'd normally expect), they were SORRY for her... she wound up switching out of my class the day after the wetting, though.

*008*2011-02-24 01:55

{{ 

Honestly, I've always imagined that people feeling sorry for her would be just as normal as people making fun of her. I'm not surprised that people were sorry for her. It looked like it was clearly a situation where it was not her fault at all...

I actually never truly could see people becoming the "laughing stock" for wetting themselves...I understand cracking jokes about it every now and then, but....come on I never imagined it'd be possible to ruins one's reputation that way. Maybe it's possible i believe that because i go to a small school where everyone knows each other and has a good respect to everyone.

}}

Well, where I grew up (in NJ), you could become the laughingstock of the school for doing ANYTHING even REMOTELY stupid/embarrassing... it was because of that (and some other things), that I moved to Delaware (being the laughingstock, that is...). I guess other towns are different.

