Intense bus emergency

Author: mustombik

*000*2013-06-13 04:26

Background information: At the age of 17, I used to have a girlfriend at another city. When we wanted to see each other, I needed to take a 3 hours bus ride to get to her at the morning, and than another 3 hours to come back home at night (i didn't have a place to stay).

This was one of those times that i went to see her. We spent a quality time together outside that i ignored my bladder all day long. At about 11 p.m i got on to the bus to come back home. As soon as the bus started moving, i realized that i really had to pee. I started panicking because 3 hours is a long time to hold my all day pee.

- "Oh shit!" i thought in my head.

The last time i relieved myself was at about 7 am in the morning while taking a shower. The bus usually stops after 1 hour at a rest area and i was really desperate. I really wouldn't be able to wait since my bladder was really full.

Luckily, there wasn't much people on the bus and there wasn't anyone sitting next to me. So i decided to sleep until the rest area. I was really tired so i immediately fell asleep.

When i woke up, i saw that we already passed the rest area. It had been 1 hour and 45 minutes!.

I was shocked. A wave of desperation hit me so i put my coat on my lap and grabbed my crotch.

- "What am i going to do"

There was still more than an hour of journey and i was about to pee myself. To make things worse, i had a cup of tea on the bus because i felt really dehydrated. I thought about going in the cup but it was too small.

- "I should do it anyways, there is no way i can hold it an hour"

I made sure nobody was awake, then i took my penis out and tried to pee slowly into the tiny cup. It was way more harder than i thought. At first, a powerful stream of pee started coming out. I clenched my muscles like there is no tomorrow, i was able to cut the stream before it overflowed.

I felt soo relieved! I wanted to pee more but there was no way i could do it. I put the cup carefully under my seat to hide it and started waiting. The little pee that came out of my bladder didn't help much. I started fidgeting on my seat.

- "I hope nobody is looking at me right now" i thought.

Finally the bus arrived. I immediately got up and tried running out of the door, but i felt a dribble of pee come into my pants as soon as i stood up.

- "Oh no! This is not happening. I cannot pee myself in front of those people."

I started running towards the bathrooms. When i reached the door. I saw the sign:

| The toilets are under maintenance |

This is the worst thing that could happen. I had to pee so bad that it was hurting me. Another dribble has escaped into my pants as i panicked and ran outside.

- "Oh my god I am peeing myself i really have to go. There is too much people around. This is embarrassing!"

It was 2 a.m so i started to slowly move to a dark corner, pee still coming out frequently out of my penis. As soon as i made it to the corner, i started peeing heavily, and also heavenly. I hadn't been that much desperate in my life. The pee just came out uncontrollably. I unintentionally closed my eyes from the relief and started moaning at the same time. I was wearing jeans and they got darker and darker from the wetness. The warm pee was just running down my legs, making its way into my shoes as i peed and peed... I think i peed for a minute until the stream stopped.

- "There is pee all over me. What am i gonna do now?"

I started walking slowly in my drenched jeans to the train station. I had to take a 25 minute train ride in my wet jeans and shoes before i reach home. As soon as i arrived, I got in and ran straight to the shower. Luckily my mom was sleeping and she didn't see anything. I cleaned up and went to the bed. Before i fell asleep, i thought about the intense relief i experienced while i had the accident. :)

Thank you for reading

*003*2013-06-28 01:30

Unfortuantely i've been only in a few public wetting situations. I will share the others probably soon. Thanks :)

