It was amazing

Author: Mad Keeth Nose

*000*2011-03-06 00:45

I went on a hiking trip with my friends. We went out on a hike taking lots of gaterade, not wanting to get dehidrated. Eventually, one of my friends, Ali, started to have to pee. "Unfortunately" there were no bathrooms any where near by. We kept on hikeing as she desperately peered down the trail in a desperate attempt to spot a restroom. Finally she resigned herself to peeing in the woods. "Nobody look" she said. Every one turned around except my friend Justin. Glaring at him, she proceded further into the trees to get some privacy. He followed her. Then Will joined in, following her where ever she went, hoping to get a peek. I waited on the path for a while, but finally I couldn't pretend that I didn't want to see her peeing in the woods and I joined in on the fun."YOU GUYS!" She kept yelling. But finally she couldn't hold it any more. A look of defiance crossed her face and, glaring at the three of us, she pulled her pants down to her ankles, squatting among the leaves. 

She didn't, however, remove her panties. Looks of disappointment crossed the faces of Justin and Will, but I was perfectly fine seeing her pee through her panties. I was incredibly aroused. It was definately the sexiest expirience of my life. Still glaring at us, she pulled her pants up and walked back to the path. Kristen (the other girl who came with us) snickered slightly at the wet spot that was forming on Ali's jeans from her wet underwear. When we finally got back to the hotel, we all changed into our swim suits. I told them to go on to the pool and I hung back. As creepy as I know this is, I whent to Ali's suit case and looked for the panties. I found them in a ziplock bag, at the bottom of her suitcase. I took them and hid them in a side pocket on my suitcase. Then I whent out to the pool where I enjoyed the sight of the two girls in bikinis (they looked pretty good) I still have those panties in a box in my room.

*001*2011-03-06 17:56

Aint that the truth

