My OTHER Cousin pees herself...

Author: FV_OCHO

*000*2012-05-29 00:16

Alright everybody, I'm finally getting around to putting up this story! Sorry it's taken so long, I've been extremely busy this past week (and outrageously lazy this weekend) but, alas, it's here!

I was probably 9 years old or so when my cousin Alex came to visit one day, she's my age. She is my mom's niece but I didn't get to see her all that often...so it was fun when we got to hang out and play. I remember she was wearing a white sundress and we were playing a bunch of games. We ended up getting to playing Hide n Seek with my younger brother. So while he was counting, me n Alex tried to find a place to hide. We ended up deciding to hide in my closet. It was tiny, and if you've ever seen a 9 year old boy's closet you know the horror show that it was, clothes and toys piled in. To cram ourselves in there Alex basically had to sit on my lap. We hid under toys n clothes to camouflage us. And it worked, my brother couldn't find us. We'd been in there for a few minutes when Alex looked up at me and said, "I hafta go pee..." I asked her if she could hold it in til after the game was over and she said she didn't think so, but I asked her to try so we didn't give away the hiding spot. 

Maybe 2 or 3 more minutes passed and she whispered, "I really hafta go, I can't hold it." She started doing the pee dance as she sat in my lap and within a few seconds she started wetting her dress and my lap. To be honest, I thought it was gross that she peed on me at the time, and that outweighed the fact that she just had an accident. I was mad, I jumped outta the closet and took a shower. She was hurt, embarrassed, and cried for a while. She sat in her wet dress the whole time, luckily for her the pee really didn't show on the dress so nobody knew. After I'd gotten out of the shower I realized how much of an a-hole I just was to her after she had a complete accident that was caused more or less by me. So I did my best to comfort her and I apologized profusely for being mad. She ended up forgiving me and she took a shower and wore some shorts and a shirt of mine while her wet clothes were being washed. My mom didn't get mad at her so I was happy.

It wasn't until after she left that day that I realized how awesome it was that she wet herself and I was mad at myself that I didn't talk more with her about it. I saw her not to long after that and tried to bring it up but she thought it was gross and was having none of it.

There you go everyone, another memorable one. I really didn't appreciate it until after the fact so it was a blown opportunity by me. Oh well...

