My (intentional) public wetting

Author: vicious

*000*2013-03-21 14:05

Hi guys and girls;

I'm a long time member but an infrequent poster, so I thought I'd share something daring I did the other day. To set the scene, I had been out job hunting, dressed in black work trousers and a grey check pattern shirt, my hair all tied up (I have super long hair) smart shoes, the whole deal. Anyway, I had an interview in the morning, then I was hitting agencies etcetera and occassionally stopping for a coffee and a read of my book. I had promised myself I would do some holding that day and was thinking of doing a bit of a public wetting, since I knew my black pants would hide it nicely, but I usually chicken out of this stuff at the last minute and find somewhere to pee.

So I had already been around town, and had held to my limit, and as I went toward a record shop I frequent for gig tickets I felt a spurt escape me. As I was in the middle of a public shopping centre I momentarily panicked and made a beeline for the toilets. Damn, back to square one. So I spent a couple more hours in town, had a couple more coffees and visited some shops.

After 2 more hours and all the liquid diuretic I had consumed that morning I was starting to struggle again, and as it was about time to head home I felt I could take a risk, so I went to my bus stop at the farthest edge of the city centre (as I knew there was no possibility of finding a toilet in the area should my courage fail me).

As I got towards my stop, my walking had become stiff legged, those deliberate steps you take when clenching your muscles to prevent imminent leaks. I got to my stop and had to pause to take a look at the electronic board showing the next bus times, and saw I had 15 minutes to wait. This gave me a small buzz as I was very doubtful I could hold it that long, but the few people waiting at the bus stop also made me think twice about losing it right there. This was pushed momentarily out of my mind however because as soon as I stopped walking, I leaked! Just a couple of drops, but I knew if I stayed stood still it would soon be much worse. So I kept on walking, past the stop and down to a small foopath that runs along the river, in front of a few office blocks, knowing there would be fewer people walking here at this time of day, but enough eyes around that I couldn't just whip down my pants and go.

My heart was racing now, a few steps down the footpath and a few more drops had dampened my boxers, though I knew I wasn't yet showing on my pants, my akward, jerky walking was drawing a few looks from passers by. A few yards on and I felt a longer spurt escape, I knew I was losing control, fear and desire gripping me in (almost) equal parts. As I was getting on a bus, I didnt want a wet stain on the front of my pants, so I sat on the nearest bench a smoking couple near by moving away just as I sat down.

I sat down and immediately lost some more spurts, after a futile attempt to hold on, I really lost it, I pee'd on and off for about four seconds before managing to regain control, all the while looking around to see if anyone could see me, hearing the splatter as my pee dripped through the wooden slats below me onto the stone floor. It was exhilarating, but terrifying, I spotted some people outside the building across the river, but I dont think they noticed what happened, then I saw a guy walking down the path in my direction, and decided to move away since i realised a was sitting above a fairly obvious puddle.

I walked towards him so he wouldnt see the back of my pants, which would still be glistening from my recent 'accident', looking back to see a wet spot on the wooden slats of the bench, above a dinner plate sized puddle on the floor. I walked, slowly, back toward my bus stop and stood with my back to the wall until my bus came, getting on last behind the 5 or 6 others waiting at the stop.

My earlier pee had taken off some of the pressure, but I was still holding a significant amount and as I sat down on the bus I began to have serious doubts about my ability to hold the rest of it all the way home. After about 10 minutes, I was crossing my legs, about 20 minutes and I was literally bouncing in my seat. Still ten minutes to go and I was terrified of losing it on the bus, all those people around, so I exerted the last of my will and made myself a promise 'if you can hold it until your stop, you can pee as soon as you get off the bus'. This would still amount to a very public accident since i have to cross a major two lane road at my stop, then walk about 10 minutes home. But people wizzing by in cars seemed like a much safer audience at that time. Anyway, this seemed to give me the extra boost I needed and, minus a few drops, I made it to my stop.

As I got up to exit the bus, the couple of seconds stood in the entry way waiting for it to stop were excrutiating, my aching bladder muscles begging me to let go, but I made it off the bus and even thanked the driver (in a rather wavering voice). I crossed the road at the traffic lights down a few yards from my stop, I got to the middle island ok, then had to wait as the lights changed. This was too much, it started coming and this time I didnt even attempt to stop it, I simply stood and let it flow down my legs, my hands instinctively going to my crotch and my face turning beet-red. The warmth, the relief! it was ecstacy, but at the same time I felt like I was about to have a heart attack, at least 20 cars must have passed by whilst it was streaming out of me.

I dont know how much time passed, but as I looked up having finished, the cross walk light turned green and I hurried off across the road, not even glancing at the drivers waiting at the stop light. I walked straight down the path at the side of the road, pants glistening for all to see, for about 10 minutes before turning into my block to go home, though by this time the wetness had faded, and it was hard to make out on my black trousers, so hopefully none of my neighbours noticed.

So thats it, I hope you liked it, though I know I'm not the most coherent writer, feel free to comment here or pm me if you like my story or share common interests. and have a warm, wet day!

