Peed on my carpet

Author: DezzyBlack

*000*2014-06-02 20:53

I still live with my parents for now and my room is right next to the living room. I don't have a key, either, so peeing anywhere other than the bathroom when I'm not alone at home and nobody's asleep is pretty impractical. That's not to say I never do it, but what I did today was new.

I wasn't even planning to hold today, I just put off my bathroom break for a few hours. I find there's nothing more fun than to get that close without trying (unless it's on a long trip... I have a bad track record with long trips) so I ran with it. Drank a bunch of water and waited for an hour or two. I was enjoying myself, but my parents didn't generally leave me alone for long when they were home and I was already at the point when it hurt. My mum was in the living room, just next door, and the rest were upstairs, so I knew I should have locked myself in the bathroom.

Instead, I dragged my spare chair off my green little carpet. It's green, fluffy and completely useless so the only reason I have it is for decoration. The idea seemed so exciting, though. The carpet is square in the middle of my room and there was nothing I could really do to make sure nobody saw what I did except listen for steps outside.

I pulled off my jeans and panties and I was practically shaking when I squatted. It was hard to get myself to relax, but I've already decided I would empty my bladder all at once. When I let go, it was in a stream, the kind I couldn't stop even if I tried. The hissing noise made it hard to hear anything outside my room. I kept peeing, until a small puddle started to form, and just kept going until I was done. Then I got dressed again, wiped away what the carpet hasn't soaked and went back to studying.

I honestly don't know why that was so exciting.

*002*2014-06-03 11:12

{{:

Sounds like fun! I know how living with parents can compicate having any sort of fun, but there are still ways haha. I think the reason that something like that is so hot is because you know it is so wrong. I think as a psychological level, that might have a lot to do with why we like this type of thing in the first place.

}}

I also have a thing for carpets. Dunno, people peeing "properly" with their pants off usually does nothing for me, but if it's on a carpet or a sofa...

*004*2014-06-03 14:08

{{:

I actually discovered wetting on carpet a couple weeks ago, it's something I'd never thought of. I always though a hard, non-absorbent surface would be my favourite. I was playing cards at a friend's house with she and her husband and got pretty drunk though and, well, I wet myself on their carpet. I felt terrible, not being able to clean up my mess the way I could were it tile or hardwood and it happening in front of her poor husband. I felt just awful for him. I loved it though. I never knew how amazing it was going to sound on carpet. I always assumed it would be quiet and there would be a modest sized wet spot due to the pee being absorbed deep into the carpet. It made a thundering, deep, almost thuddy sound when it hit the carpet though. It was such a turn on. WhenI felt the wet carpet between my bare toes I gasped. As badly as I feel and while I can never be sorry enough to my poor friends whose carpet I pissed on I absolutely loved it.

I went back to their place with a steam cleaner the following day and did their whole townhouse while they went out for lunch to apologise. I was so ashamed, using a carpet cleaner for pet urine on the spot I'd left. I was ridiculously turned on by the humiliation of it thought and had to take care of myself in the car and when I got back home. I don't expect to be invited back over to their place for some time though and feel very badly about that. I wish it had happened when I was on my own.

Now I become very excited when I feel my bare feet on carpet though. It is so exciting for me to hear about others wetting in carpet and I never so would have guessed that would be the case.

}}

Ooh, sorry about that. It always sucks when there are people around. A few months ago, I got really drunk and wet myself in a guy's car. Awkward.

Lots of people mentioned on here how they had carpet flooring and peed in the corner. I've always thought it sounded exciting, just never had a carpet.

*022*2014-09-19 16:20

{{:

I personally prefer a big comfy rocking chair myself

}}

Don't we all? But when you don't live alone, that kind of thing is usually impossible.

I'm finally moving out this week.

