My Puddle! Tight and Tena wetting this afternoon

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2012-07-18 19:09

Today I drank 5 pints of water and tried to hold it as long as I could. I don't usually do this but well see my post on hormones. I had my first pint at 5 pm and gave it a while to set in, and then drank the rest of the 4 pints really fast (in about 20 minutes). I held it as long as I could but I didn't last very long at all as you all might know I'm not really known for my bladder power. Well The big problem with holding and wetting in my place its its a college room and this means a share bathroom and shower set up which is down three flights of stairs. Not the best set up for quickly nipping off to shower off after an accident.

Anyhow like I said I held it as long as I could, and by about 6:30 I was absolutely desperate. Since I didn't want to make too much of a mess I put down one of those Goodnites disposable bedpads, I still have a few which I used to bring around when I travelled and stayed in hotels and B&Bs. Anyhow I also had on a Tena Discreet because I've never peed totally into one of the pads and I didn't want to leak on my floor (mix of carpet and lynolium). Anyhow I also had on a paid of panties underneath the Tena so I could feel the wetness. Over top I had on a pair of tights with socks and a t-shirt too.

Basically around 6:20 I moved over to the Lynolium with the bedpad already in place (as there was no way I was going to bend over in my state), and I stood there hopping, trying to hold on as long as I could. One of the problems with wearing the Tena was that it made holding myself much harder, they are bulky and so pushing in a finger or squeezing with a couple of fingers we a lot less effective. Anyhow I felt really full and a little cold after drinking all the water so fast.

I was trying to hold myself but crossing my legs seemed to work better.but didn't help much. Then when I as squirming about trying my best to hold it I looked up at the bright light over my mirror and for some reason that did the trick, I started going after looking at the light for like maybe a second. I could not stop at all, there was no spurting or little dribbles, just a huge torrent which quickly overwhelmed my panties and diaper and ran down the insides of my legs. I could probably have stopped halfway through but I didn't bother trying.

The sensation was exquisite, from the warm pooling feeling around my sex, the warm damp feeling of the back of the panties as they absorbed more liquid and moved it up my bum. And the ultimate feeling, the warm trickling feeling of the pee running down the insides of my thighs and legs. Its interesting that some of it was warm almost all the way down, while other little streams seemed to cool down and by the time they reached my knees they were quite cold, causing a fantastic contrast of hot and cold running feelings down my legs. It was bliss.

The Goodnite bedpad stood up to the test very well, it held everything which the Tena and my panties would not hold, which was apparently quite a lot. I stood there in my puddle for a while appreciating all the sensations of my tights cooling off, of the diaper absorbing more liquid and distributing it about more effectively. I stood there for at least 15 minutes, appreciating my accident in the mirror and feeling the bedpad all squishy around my feet.

Don't much like wet clammy socks, so at this point I took off my socks and left them on the side of the pad. As I had had so much water I could already go more after 15 minutes and I peed some more into my drenched panties and the full Tena. Its a different feeling wetting into a full diaper rather than fresh one, and by the time the pee reached my legs and overflowed from the diaper, it was already quite cool. So I got the feeling of the area around my vagina flooding with warmth (a beautiful feeling) and then a soft gentle cool trickling down my legs.

I appreciated this sensation some more and then felt like I could go some more. This isn't to say that I had to go more, but with a little effort (not much actually) I could manage another good spurt. So this time I took the Tena off (pulling down my tights a little and tearing the sides to not change the feeling of the tights on my thighs. I put this on the side of the bedpad as well and pulled up my tights. My thighs were getting that after pee cold damp feeling which soon changed when I peed some more.

This time I could contrast the feeling of wetting a wet diaper to peeing into damp panties. A totally different experience. You get the same flush of warmth against your labia but its not the same pooling flood. And it doesn't last as long. The panties were already very wet (light yellow for those interested at all, from a Tesco's value pack) and didn't hold anything, instead the pee again ran down my legs. Without the diaper to hold it, even for a short time, this time the pee was warm all the way down my legs. It was like a sensuous lover, slowly stroking the inside of my legs. Such a smooth, fluid feeling, which gave my entire lower half tingles of delicate pleasure.

I waited a little while longer to appreciate the feelings. By this point my legs were weak and I thought about sitting down on the bedpad, to feel the warm gather around my bum, but when I took one foot off I noticed that it had left a little wet footprint next to the puddle which had formed under me. I thought it was adorable. As one who appreciates a good puddle as much as the next girl, this one was different, because it had two perfect little wet sock prints on the inside, just adjacent to the puddle itself, and then beside those sock prints were the prints made by my naked feet after I removed my socks. A perfect storyboard written on the bedpad in pee.

I thought I just had to share this experience and the puddle with everyone on the forum. I so seldom do holds and wetting like this that I also wanted to commemorate the occasion. Also I think I was partially encouraged in doing the whole thing because of so many of the discussions on here about wetting and holding. I know for certain that I will never win any of the Omolympic events and that long holding is definitely not my strong suit (something I have long known), but I thought perhaps I could enter my piece as an art piece, puddle art.

Anyhow I hope you all enjoy my puddle as much as I did, I have a strong feeling you won't quite be able to but here it is (oh its at the bottom).

Rachel K.

*006*2012-07-19 10:32

{{:

Omg. Wow rachel. Amazing. Care to share pictures of your tena pants? are those the ones with the flowers? we dont have the descreet in the us. i have the tena men pull ups with the stripes. they swell alot when wet!

}}

Well unfortunately the diaper is in the trash, I was a little too um distracted to do more of a photo shoot.... :)

*009*2012-07-19 11:49

Thanks everyone I'm glad everyone enjoyed it and well I might have to do a few more now :)

*012*2012-07-20 00:20

Aww thanks everyone, you made me feel very loved :) I think I might film the next one if I can keep my hands steady enough....

*017*2012-07-22 15:43

Thanks everyone! I did do a video which I posted a few days ago hope you all enjoy it too :)

%http://omorashi.org/topic/7596-my-next-puddle/

