Wetting in Cosplay

Author: CamiLikesCupcakes

*000*2012-07-15 23:39

One thing I've always wanted to try was wetting a cosplay costume, and today I decided to give it a go.

I'd drank a glass of water before going to bed the night before, and I woke up this morning with a full bladder. Instead of going to the bathroom, I put on the only cosplay outfit I have; an old, cheaply made schoolgirl outfit that I got in junior high; and went downstairs to get some breakfast. I didn't eat much, but I had two cups of black tea.

After breakfast, I sat down on the computer to chat and distract myself from my urgent need to pee. I could have wet myself then and gotten a pretty decent flood, but I wanted to hold it until I had a genuine accident. I was bouncing in my computer chair a little, but the need to pee wasn't so bad that I had trouble typing.

About an hour later, I made myself an iced tea and took it to the computer, drinking it as I chatted.

Another hour later, I was starting to have trouble typing, so I got off the computer. By this point I was starting to get rather uncomfortable, and I was tempted to just wet myself then. Instead, I went to the kitchen and got another glass of iced tea. It was about one in the afternoon by this point, so I decided to make some lunch. Standing was absolutely torturous, and I danced around as I cooked, leaking into my panties every once in a while.

I sat down to eat, but no matter how much I ate, all I could think about was peeing. I squirmed around desperately in my chair, it was starting to really get painful. It was hard to eat when I was moaning every few minutes, and I ended up throwing some of my food away. When I got out of my chair, there was a small, fist-sized puddle, and the back of my skirt was damp.

After lunch, I put a towel on my couch in case I leaked, and I sat down to watch tv. I leaked here and there until 3:30, when I let out a long stream of pee that I couldn't stop. I knew that if I wet myself here, it would soak through the towel and get the couch wet, so I grabbed my crotch tightly and tried to make my way to the bathroom. As soon as I stood up, my bladder throbbed and I moaned and doubled over in pain, afraid that I'd have an accident on the carpet. I managed to hold on until I got to the bathroom, although I had to crawl up the stairs because I couldn't walk up them.

I ran to the bathroom with pee gushing down my legs, and managed to stand in the bathtub just as I started fully wetting myself. I'd been holding it all day, so the relief was astounding, and I moaned and sunk to my knees because my legs were shaking so much that I couldn't stand. The pee splattered onto the bathtub floor so loudly, and I must have peed for nearly two minutes. It was better than any orgasm I've ever felt.

But as astounding as the relief felt, the cheap, thin fabric of my schoolgirl cosplay didn't feel terribly good wet, and I took it off soon after rather than wearing the wet clothes around for a while like I usually do.

So the cosplay wetting was kind of a bust. But on the bright side, I got to experience what it felt like to have an accident, and it was incredible.

But the next time I wet myself that much, I'd much rather do it in a pair of tight jeans. ;)

Here's some pictures from the wetting experience.

I tried getting a picture of the puddle, but the pee was pretty clear since I drank so much, and it went down the drain quickly. But you can see the wet edge of the skirt here.

You can't see the wetness well here, even though my skirt was soaked. But you can see some of the pee running down my legs.

*003*2012-07-16 18:59

{{: 

Great story! Thanks for taking the time to share, including the pics :) Welcome to the site, too! I see you're fairly new. I definitely look forward to hearing more from you!

}}

Thanks, you'll definitely be hearing more. I've been wetting for a while, and have tons of stories.

{{: 

Great story! Sounds like you did a really good effort of holding it! The mental image of you crawling up the stairs and running down the hall all while pee was running down your legs is awesome!

Thanks for the pics aswell! That outfit looks really cute!

}}

Thanks!

I think that the only reason I held on so long was because I didn't want to pee on the carpet, although I did get a few drops on the carpet here and there.

