A real military wetting

Author: singlesailor

*000*2013-03-21 18:37

Hey all, this story happened to a shipmate of mine. It is a male wetting, so did nothing for me. But figured some of you all may enjoy it.

A little background: For 2 years i was stationed as part of the ceremonial guard in D.C. there are four divisions in the guard, each with their own responsibilities. i was part of of the fourth division which is called 'firing party' basically our responsibilities were performing the 21 gun salute at military funerals. Each funeral we performed had to have 7 members of the firing party, we would fire 3 separate shots at the same time(or as close to at the same time as we could get). 

7 people firing 3 separate shots =21 total shots fired. We performed many funerals a day, some times back to back, with little to no breaks. The other thing about this duty is that we don't start the salute until the very end of the funeral this meant that depending on the religion of the fallen, the type of service requested, and the number of speakers we could be standing there anywhere from 20 mins all the way on up to 3 or more hours before we even need to do anything however average was about 45mins. The long funerals are the toughest, and this is what caused the problem for my shipmate.

We were at a last funeral of the day, and (we'll call him steve), and Steve was looking a little faint, it was hot out and he had locked his legs, well he fainted and fell backwards, now keep in mind we are not entirely out of the view of the family attending the service, but we are far enough away to be safe because of the shots we are firing(blanks btw). We are not allowed to help, but we do have a division leader he stepped behind steve, and tried to cover for him until he came to,(which wasn't very long) Well he did, and stood up and we were able to complete the 21 gun salute on time when our que came. However, when we got back to base, Steve got in trouble, because he didn't hydrate well enough, and it looked unprofessional.

Well the next day we are on the bus to the cemetery and our division leader is making sure that Steve hydrates this time, he probably made him drink 2 -4 bottles that day. Well on our second funeral about probably 30 mins in, Steve kind of whispers "i hope this is short, i have to pee" no one really thinks much of it, because we think this funeral was almost over, however, we were mistaken very badly, another hour goes by, and there are still performing the ceremony, I don't remember what religion they were doing, all I knew is it was taking FOREVER!, because of the ceremony is when family members and others start talking, and saying their goodbyes. Steve, isn't allowed to move from his spot(we are taught to stand as still as possible). 

Well we are on hour 2 now and the ceremony is just ending, then the family members start to speak, well, the first woman gets up there and starts speaking, keep in mind we are far enough away so that we can't really hear them, and they can't hear us that well, but they can see us. This woman must of spoke for another 45 mins, or so. Thinking we are about done, my division officer calls us to attention, well, he was mistaken, they were not done, another person got up, and started speaking, well he could of put us at parade rest, or even at ease, however, that would have showed that me made a mistake, instead this jerk(he really was) kept us at attention, well about another 30 minutes you here Steve whisper 'shit' and we can kind of hear the sound of water hitting the ground, he completely pissed himself at attention. We were were our dress blues, here is a picture of the uniforms we were wearing.

So the family had no idea what happened, but the division leader, and the rest of us did. Needless to say, Steve got in trouble that day as well, and was also completely embarrassed.

Hope you enjoyed.

