My BDF (Best Desperate Friend)

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-05-24 02:50

I was at my BFF's house, we have been bffs since we were little rascals. I came over today and saw that throughout the visit the rooms got hotter every second. I asked her why and she told me the AC is broken. I mouthed okay as i watched her gulp up a full bottle of water in seconds. She asked me if i wanted but i politely said no thank you.

She was down to her third bottle and sweat still dripped from her forehead. In the middle of the third bottle, I noticed she quickly crossed her legs. I suddenly got intrigued. I exam her carefully. She gets out her phone and bites her lip having her hand near the crotch area. "What's your new number?" She asked me unfolding her legs folding them again the other way. I told her the number as she typed it, while she did that she waved her legs (moved the left leg to the left side and right to the right side and doing it rapidly). "Are you okay?" I asked her. "Yes," she answered not so surely.

It was boiling hot in the room, I got up and went to the bathroom to see why she didnt go; turns out handle is broken and it's stuck lock. I didnt even ask how she went to the bathroom at all. I come back seeing her on the phone, she was standing. She couldnt stand still! She bent down with her hand on her groin, she crossed her legs and imitated herself sitting in an invisible chair. A little spurt comes out, right then she turns around luckily not noticing me. She hangs up and goes into the kitchen and comes out with a wet paper towel. It looked she she hesitated before bending down. She bent down revealing another small spurt. Her legs widen as she looks at it, feels it and blushes even though 'no one' was there.

She lets out a small groan and holds herself tighter than before. Runs to the bathroom where i hid much further down the hall as she tries to open the door. Her attempts were fails. A long stream starts hitting the floor, she wet herself all about. I walk out, she blushed.

