First Public Wetting

Author: Wilco362

*000*2014-03-25 20:38

Well i finally worked up the courage to partake in a public wetting, albeit not a crowded room of 200+ or nothing but none the less.

Last night before closing up shop i had drank several FULL glasses of coffee and had switched to water by the time i got home. A half hour goes by and i was maybe at a 4/10? Well I had to run to a friends house that i've known for quite some time. While in transit (driving) to his location, my scale rose to about a 6/10 as the last cup of coffee had entered my body and the 4 cups of water before i left were soon to arrive! A half hour into my visit at his new residence i had sky rocketed to a 8/10! So planning to partake in a public wetting I gave my goodbyes and headed off into the night! Seeing that my gas gauge was low when i left my house I knew the gas station would be where I partook. While taking the long way to the out of the way gas station i was leaking severely with a good sized mark on the front of my crotch , ;) gotta strain myself!!

I rose to a 9/10 the moment i pulled my car up to the stall. There was 5 other stalls for gas all with people in them so my nerves were running high as i had not relieved myself in quite some time.. by the time i got to the counter to pay for my gas I ended leaking a considerable almost unstoppable amount as I received my change i was able to get control, now this just made my situation worse! I still had $50 of gas to pump! 

About a quarter way into the gas being pumped i feel my body give one last effort before it just gave in. Down my leg a torrent of urine jutted out uncontrollably fast soaking me very quickly, i must add I had light stone washed denim on, so it was quite obvious.. by the time I hit the $35 dollar mark my body showed no sign of slowing down and there was a good sized pool leaking over to the next stall.. which obviously drew some attention.. >.< (i did want to do it public! ) Bahaha, Finally i was done pumping the gas by now i was just about done anyways so i put the gas pump back and climbed in my car. (after making another public walk to the trash can by the door..) well that was my night, well ill let you wonder how it ended.!!

