Having to admit my shame at the hotel

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-03-09 05:29

Long story short: I'm back from a dry spell!

So, a little background into what I'm up to right now. A friend of mine is having her wedding (grad student in the department), so a few of us were invited to her wedding. So we all agreed to check into a hotel. I got the luck (?) of getting my own room. Small but decent.

As the tags imply, I wet the bed last night. Not much of a story behind there, I wasn't desperate or anything when going to bed, so it was an unintended accident. I did drink some alcohol that night without going to the bathroom, but not enough to get me drunk. I didn't go to the bathroom at all when I got back to my room. I just wet straight to sleep out of exhaustion, still in my jeans and flannel shirt I wore that night.

Anyways, I woke up completely soaked in the morning. I was lying on my stomach, and I felt the cold wetness up to the area right below my chest. My flannel and the tank top underneath absorbed most of the wetness, while the rest of the urine that wasn't absorbed soaked the sheets of the mattress, creating a very uncomfortable sticky and moist feeling in the air under the blanket. It was pretty clear that I had wet myself while lying on my stomach, but I'm guessing I probably tossed and turned in the bed based on the fact that the back of my jeans were kind of wet as well, along with the part of the shirt covering my lower back.

I just laid there, in shock and embarrassment of my situation. The realization that I wet the bed in a hotel was sinking into me. It wasn't like home where I can just wash the sheets without anybody knowing. I wasn't planning on being rude and just leaving the hotel in the state I left it in.

I laid in my wet clothes for a good 15 minutes, wondering what to do. I was just too panicked to even get up. I honestly felt like crying for a minute.

Eventually, I did get up (obviously). The bed sheets were soaked, the blanket was soaked and I was soaked. I sheepishly walked to the shower to wash up. I remember wiping away my eyes a few times out of pure embarrassment. It wasn't like the "good" embarrassment I like to feel, it was the "bad" kind

I didn't know what to do with my wet clothes, so I just soaked them in the shower as well, in hopes that maybe the smell wont be too bad, because I dint want to put it in with the rest of the luggage and make all my clothes smell.

I wasn't planning on sleeping on a wet bed tonight, so I had to go tell someone. The worst (or best, for some I guess) part was that I had to tell somebody that I wet the bed like some bratty teen

I wanted to get over with it, so I straight up went to the clerk at the front desk.

(dialogue, kind of how it went, according to my memory)

Me: Hi

Clerk: Hello, what can I do for you?

Me: I need a new bed or something

Clerk: I'm sorry

Me: I meant new bed sheets, if you guys do that, or whatever

Clerk: Bed sheets? (she looked confused, so it just added to my humiliation knowing that this was the first time she dealt with such a thing)

Me: Yes, please...(I was talking as low as possible at this point, keeping my head a little down)

Clerk: We don't really do that, I think...

Me: I mean, I kind of....you know, ruined it

Clerk: Ruined the room?

Me: No, the bed...

Clerk: OK, so what do you need, I'm a little confused, sorry (she was getting a little annoyed)

Me: I had an accident... (I had to say it at one point)

Clerk: Umm, are you ok? (I guess she thought it was an accident in the sense of an injury)

Me: N-, yes I mean. I mean, I kind of, kind of wet the bed (I said it as shamefully and low as humanly possible)

Clerk: Oh, ok, I get you now, I guess (she finally understood what I was saying)

Me: OK

Clerk: Alright, we'll tell room service you need, you know, sheets (she said it quietly as well, in sympathy to make sure nobody else heard)

Me: Thank you...

Clerk: Not a problem, anything else?

Me: No thanks (not making eye contact at this point)

Clerk: OK have a great day, alright?

Me: You too

I felt proud of myself for not breaking down into tears for admitting my accident. I don't know why I felt that humiliated. I guess probably because I messed up somebody else's property, I think. Either way, I kept my head down as I went back up to my room. My eyes were getting a little watery. But I had to get over it, an accident is an accident. I wet the bed, but now they'll change the sheets and it will be all OK

I got my stuff and went out for the day. I walked into the lobby just in time to see the desk clerk talking to another clerk, then quickly ending their conversation as they spotted me. I walked out slowly enough to hear some laughter as I walked out (goddammit).

So now I'm laying down in bed, realizing that tomorrow morning, I'll have to see the girl who I admitted to wetting the bed to. UGH

At least you guys enjoyed this, and I'll be able to enjoy it once I'm home-free from being the punch-line of a joke between hotel clerks

*009*2015-03-10 20:02

I wouldn't say she was a jerk. It obviously was the first time she dealt with a situation like this, so it seems funny at first, assuming shes not into it

