Still wetting, refused on using toilet

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-06-17 18:21

Hi,

I'm 21 female and it all started when I was 13 or 14. If I remember well, I was ill in bed, watching TV and parent's weren't at home. I needed to pee, but I didn't wated to go, so after some time, I pissed in bed. It was some kind good, so I tried it again and again...

(sorry for my english, it's not my primary language)

Now I live alone and I peeing my pants realy often. At home, I'm wearing wellies not to make puddles on floor if I pee my pants. If I'm going to do something where I sit (like beeing on computer) I have chestwaders, so again, I can pee myself without making any mess around. I was peeing my pant's only at home, but about year ago, I made pants in pants, separated with waterproof textile, so I can pee in them, but from outside, nothing can be seen and the rest of pee ends in my high boots. I tried pee few times in them in public, but then, it maybe went too far. Now, I have four of these pant's, so I can wear one while the others beeing cleaned. I started wearing them to school and refused on going to toilet. Sometimes during the last lesson, sometimes on way home, but almost every day, I pee myself in them (suprisingly, nothing smells). For last 6 days, I haven't been on toilet to pee, I'm going there only to poop. But sometimes, when I'm too horny, I shit myself too.

What do you think about it? Propably not normal and it went too far, but I like it. And just now, I'm sitting there in my chestwaders, about half hour ago I pissed myself and now I'm trying to hold messing, but the laxative is going to win soon.

I remember when I was once almost catched. It was when I was living with my parents. We were changing the sewer pipes in our house, so there was digged hole thrugh garden with old pipe (particulary replaced with the new one). It was weekend and my parent's went to next city to friend's birthday(luckily I don't have to go to these parties). They should came home after long time (usually they sleep there), so I decided to wet myself. I was just walking in welliens in digged hole in muddy puddles, waiting when I will need to. When I couldn't hold it anymore, something leaks out and then I heard anybody just came home. It was my parents (as I doscovered after, the party starts 3 hours later!).

I was pissed enough to "oh god, why you peed your pants", so I hide in old pipe(yes, I hided in sewer, but it didn't seemed disghusting to me), thinking they just forgot presents or something, but I haven't peed enought to empy my bladder, so I still realy needed to go. When I heard talking them about the time when they should be there, I was realy about to pee again. But they were standing almost over my head, and I worried they will heard it and find me there. I was just sitting-laying in there(the pipe wasn't so big) , holding my bladder and waiting. Suddenly, my younger stupid brother again forgot to use mobile toilet, so he flushed the one in house and, Yah, I was still in the pipe and get totaly soaked(luckily, he just made the puddles in hole bigger, parents shouted on him, but nobody wen to look to pipes).

I could go out and say something like I was looking for something in there and the idiot flushed, but since this moment, I becam much more horny and I decided to stay. When they finaly left, I peed my pants so hard and I even shitted a bit. When I went out of the pipe, I was just walking in garden and enjoying it, but then again car stopped at our house. Now, they forgot the presents. Luckily, I was able to hide in mobile toilet on garden before they sawed me, but I wanted to see what's happening, so I get on the seat and I was looking out through the air vents. When they finaly leaved and I could go out, I slipped and felt through the hole into the messes. This was disghusting. I remember I was sitting in there and crying for at least hour. Luckily I was able to clean it all and nobody noticed.

I just needed to tell it to anybody, so here it is.

//until I finished writing this, I just couldn't hold it, so I pooped. Now, there is completely mess in my chestwaders and pants, but I'm enjoying it

*005*2015-06-20 12:16

{{ 

I think the chest waders is a great idea, I never thought of using them. Saves on the cleanup!

}}

Yeah, but buy chestwaders made ONLY from rubber. If you will buy ones with textile inside, you will never clean it again, and they will smell

*006*2015-06-20 12:20

{{ 

I'm not sure if this is true, but I think you might want consider a few things:

You probably do this because you feel lonely and don't get a lot of attention. This might work for you to do not feel the pain, but when you are not playing dirty games this pain will emerge and it will stay there. You will probably need to go more extreme every time in order to suppress this emotional pain. You might want to keep this in check as you are neglecting you emotional needs.

}}

I dont think I feel lonely. In fact, I started with the extreme wetting when I found friend who is interested in omorashi too.

