Bursting Schoolgirl Experience I had

Author: Beatrix

*000*2012-09-16 21:19

Hey everyone, it’s not often I write an experience story but here’s one of mine that happened some years back whilst I was school – I hope you enjoy :)

Back when I was in secondary school we had only a few sets of toilets dotted around the buildings. On one particular day during late spring only one block was open due to vandalism in the others, so naturally by the time lunchtime rolled round there was a lengthy queue outside this one block to use one of 4 stalls to effectively serve 500 girls. I know you’re all thinking now “oo, she must have seen a lot of pee dancing!” and you’re right, I did – but this story isn’t about that.

I got into the queue at the start of lunch, knowing it would be long. I was desperate but I could hold it comfortably, and I figured that if I emptied my bladder now I would easily make it home a few hours later. I got into the queue within a few minutes of lunch starting and already the queue was a good 30-odd girls long – good thing I went when I did!

Standing in front of me though was a girl about my age, maybe a year or so younger. She had long brunette hair with a centre parting, straightened and falling across her shoulder and back. She wore her blazer and a white fitted shirt, her tie, and very tight black school trousers that sat low on her hips, showing off her round, perfect bum – and even better, showed off the outline of her brief knickers underneath. She was doing a frantic pee dance, bouncing on the spot with one hand stroking her tummy, and her legs tightly crossed. She was panting and breathing heavily, and with every bounce her boobs jumped under the fabric of her shirt.

I watched her as she turned around slightly to look up and down the line, giving me a glance at her thin white bra through her shirt. With each bounce her nipples started to stand on end, I’d imagine with the fabric of her shirt and bra rubbing against them as she bopped frequently. At this angle I could see her shirt moving up and revealing her smooth tummy above her tight trousers, and showed off her small but noticeable bladder bulge pressing tightly into her waistband.

I was practically staring at her, mouth open, watching her increasingly-desperate frantic pee dance, my knickers dampening with juices as my pussy started pulsing deep inside me, my clit and g-spot dancing in unison watching the most amazing pee dance from a stunningly beautiful girl. I found myself moaning gently under my breath and I knew my eyelids where getting heavier with ecstasy as I continued to watch.

I don’t know what compelled me to do what I did next, but I knew that a chance like this only comes around once a lifetime and I wasn’t going to let it slip through my fingers.

As this thought entered my mind suddenly she looked up at me, her eyes fighting back tears, her cheeks tickled pink with embarrassment and worry, and she was biting her lip, strands of hair caressing her face gently as she bounced. I looked at her and asked if she was okay – naturally the dumbest question I’ve ever asked! She looked up at me and whispered under her breath so that only I could – “I think I’m going to wet myself”, she sobbed ever so slightly as she said this.

An idea jumped into my head – I looked around at our surroundings. I looked over at the classroom portacabins nearby, with a wooded area behind it. I knew that to save her the embarrassment of an accident I had to take her somewhere else. I turned back to her and asked “if I could take you somewhere else to pee would you be okay with that?”

She looked back at me, her eyes answering for her before the words “oh god please yes!” blurted out. I nodded with a smile, took her hand, and we walked out the queue and towards the portacabins. She gripped my hand tightly as we walked, and whilst I’m a naturally fast walker she couldn’t keep up, not with a bladder as full as hers. As we walked away and almost out of sight I took a glance across her. Her face was tense and in concentration, her eyes almost scrunched up with tears formed in the corners, her cheeks still pink from embarrassment and worry. Her body seemed stiff, her back slightly arched forward to help her muscles hold back the volume of urine being stored in her swollen, over-stretched bladder. I looked behind her and saw her perfect bum wiggling with each step, her legs tightly squeezed together and rubbing the material of her trousers against her thighs, and her feet almost turned inwards and taking baby steps.

As we got out of view between the portacabins we headed to the wooded area behind them – I knew we wouldn’t be seen here unless someone was to come and find us. She looked up at me as she had before, still biting her lip, and asked if anyone could see us. I glanced over my shoulder, checking out her bum again, before turning back to her and saying that I couldn’t see anyone. Immediately as I said this she jammed her hands into her crotch and begun to rub gently, moaning to hold back the imminent flood. She gasped as she grabbed, saying “oh my god I’m busting!” As a tear rolled down her cheek, I took her arm and led her into the trees and bushes, hidden behind one of the cabins.

As we got there we stood face to face and I admired her amazing body from head to toe properly for the first time. She had an amazing pair of nice and round boobs, wrapped in a bra that looked too small for her and kept tight under her shirt. Her nipples were now so stiff that could have poked my eyes out – and considering my eyes already were on stalks by this point I should have been blind! Thankfully I wasn’t, because the best was yet to come.

I moved my wandering eyes further down and spied her swollen tummy under her shirt as she bounced. It was lovely and round, her skin smoothed across her full bladder and being squeezed by her trousers. Her hands were tight in her crotch, pulling at the fabric of her trousers and causing the top of her knickers to poke out the top of them. At this point all I knew of her knickers were they were white with a frilly trim and a lil sparkly bow adorned at the top. Seeing this sent my pussy, clit, and g-spot into overdrive, making me spurt some juice into my already dampened knickers and sending a pulse through my bladder, my need to pee increasing and adding further pressure onto my g-spot deep inside.

She moaned gently as I stepped around her to look out and see if anyone was nearby. As I stepped back to face her she sobbed “I can’t hold it but if I move my hands I’ll pee myself…” I took one look at her and knew that I had to help, much to my sexual thoughts wanting her to explode and flood her trousers with her hot, golden nectar, wanting to smell the sweet aroma of fresh urine permeating the air around us, but I forced that thought back and squatted legs spread wide in front of her to help her with getting her trousers down. Bearing in mind I was wearing my skirt on this day so I’m certain she caught a glimpse of my juice-dampened green knickers!

“Would you like me to help you with your trousers hun?” I enquired. With a frantic nod she agreed, and I unfastened her trousers – taking my time to do so, might I add :p As her trouser button popped open and her short zip brought down her bladder pressed itself forward and bulged more than before. My eyes almost popped out as well in response – I wasn’t sure whether she heard me but I audibly gasped at how much she was holding! She wasn’t a very tall girl and was petite, so a bulge that large meant I was in heaven! I knew that no matter what I was going to get a show I would never forget!

I peeled the front of her trousers away to show off her bulge and show off her pristine, white knickers. I tugged at the sides of her trousers as to pull them down, and I don’t think she was ready for me tugging so hard as she gasped and whimpered, her body stiffening up, her legs tightening around her hands as her tummy tensed up. She looked down at me and whimpered “I just leaked… it’s about to come out!!”

I had to get her trousers down at all costs now – her knickers were, in her eyes, already done for, but at least if I got her trousers down she could get away with no-one but me knowing. She bounced more on the spot, whispering under her breath “gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee…!” over and over, only stopping to breathe sharply and moan in agonising desperation. I looked up at her desperate struggle to hold on, and told her I had to pee badly as well, taking one of my hands up my skirt to rub… only that I wasn’t all that desperate and I had no choice but to rub my throbbing clit – it had been pounding against the damp cotton of my knickers for some time now and I had to relieve it somehow! I also knew that if she wet herself or even if she just peed in front of me I would orgasm without question, and I knew that rubbing myself this way would be the perfect cover-up.

I looked up at her and told her she had to move her hands so I could yank her trousers down as quickly as I could. She was now bent over, knees bending inwards as her thighs crushed her hands onto her twitching peehole, her moans of desperation almost sounding orgasmic to me, sending my horniness up to 11! I was moaning under my breath as I suggested she let go with her hands long enough for me to get her trousers down, and her eyes went even wider than they already were at the thought of this. “If I let go I’m going to bust!” I urged her that it’ll only be for a few seconds and then she can pee.

I grabbed the side of her trousers with one hand, my other hand now frantically rubbing at my throbbing clit, and told her “on 3, I’m pulling them down… are you ready?” She nodded rapidly, and I wrapped my fingers around the fabric at her waist.

1…

2…

3!!!

Her hands moved to her sides, her body bent forwards and shaking, her moans louder as her tummy tensed and squeezed tightly across her bloated bladder, her legs opening slightly to allow me to get her trousers down…

WHOOSH!!

Down came the trousers, and she gasped as a loud, hissing spurt escaped between her legs, her bum stuck out behind her, her arms and hands shaking, her lip biting more intense than before, and her moans and gasps louder and more orgasmic than before. Then suddenly her eyes went wide and she shot a look down, our eyes meeting briefly before both sets looked down at her briefs… that I had intentionally NOT pulled down and left tightly clinging to her pee-soaked crotch, the white fabric translucent and yellow with the pee that had already escaped.

I was about to orgasm, I gasped as she did, and watched another, loud, hissing spurt escape her overfull bladder and fill her knickers, a small stream of pee rapidly descending between her quivering thighs. She suddenly gasped and looked at me – we both knew it. The inevitable was about to occur. She was going to have an explosion of pee cascading out of her knickers, and I was going to have an explosion of cum filled and soak my own!

She whimpered loudly and started to sob as her tummy squeezed once more, her bulge tensing tightly and her legs stiffening, before a loud hiss started to sound out from between her legs… I watched as her knickers bulge between her legs as her volume of pee began to empty from her aching bladder; the white, cotton fabric darkened with a yellow hue before a monstrous torrential waterfall cascaded down between her legs, covering her thighs with her hot, golden nectar, the wondrous scent of strong urine filling my nose. I couldn’t hold back my orgasm anymore!

She moaned loudly as her pee escaped, almost more relieved to be rid of the agony that seconds before had filled her… and suddenly I rubbed faster and faster, her orgasmic-sounding moans were joined by my own as my orgasm hit, my knickers filling with my cum, followed swiftly by my pee spurting out of the fabric and covering my flickering fingers, soaking them in the warm moistness of both fluids. I knew that by her having an accident I knew that I had to have one as well so that we were even and she wouldn’t feel so bad… but right now I felt INCREDIBLE! Every had opened up, a wave surging through my body as my orgasm enveloped me, my eyes widely watching this beautiful girl empty her bladder, her pee going for what seemed an eternity! Both of us moaned throughout, a massive puddle forming in the dirt under our feet, our streams continuing to pour out from between our legs in unison – almost in contest of who was holding more!

I finished peeing before she did, but I kept rubbing to lengthen my orgasm as best I could. Her stream continued to pour out between her legs, splashing across her thighs and I imagine spreading up and across her bum as she was still bent over. On the plus side my plan to keep her trousers dry had worked – in that position her stream fell loudly to the floor, splashing against the dirt.

She finished peeing shortly after I had; her tummy now deflated and flat. She slowly looked down at her knickers, standing up slightly to inspect the damage. She was still breathing heavily as she did this, her cheeks bright red now and her eyes were glossy with tears. My cheeks and eyes matched hers, although for much different reasons ;) She pirouetted, looking around at her bum. My eyes almost popped out on stalks – her knickers had wedgied up her tight bum, a large see-through wet patch spread across the stretched material. I almost came again just seeing that!

She looked down at me, almost sobbing. I stood up, my legs shaking as I struggled to do so, keeping my balance so soon after my orgasm, and gave her a hug, saying “it’s okay – accidents happen, and I just wet myself as well hunny.” She looked at me again with her big, green eyes, before forcing a shy smile towards me. I warmly smiled back, my lips rose red with the blood rushing through after my orgasm. I asked her if she had a spare pair of knickers to wear, to which she shook her head sadly.

I bent over, my wet knickers poking from under my bum in clear view of her, and went into my bag and pulled out a pair of my own white knickers and a small flannel –my spare pair should I have my own accident. I turn round, still bent over, and my eyes were greeted with her soaked knickers, see-through and cameltoed, showing off her shaved slit underneath. I took a deep breath through my nose, smelling the aroma before I stood back up to her and offered my knickers for her to wear. “You need them more than I do hun.”

“Thank you” she softly replied, as she turned around and bent over to take off her trousers, my eyes going wide again as I saw her wet bum in front of me, and the cotton of her knickers stretched across her wet cameltoe from between her legs. She stood up again and pulled down her knickers, again showing her slit between her legs as a couple of stray pee drops came loose off her slit. She took the flannel and wiped herself dry, before sliding my knickers onto her now dry bum. Being so petite my size 12 knickers almost hung off her bum, but they were better than going commando in trousers as tight as hers. She pulled her trousers back up and fastened them, and turned back to me and gave me back my flannel, her wet knickers lying in the dirt next to me.

I picked them up and asked what we should do with them. “I would throw them away really; I don’t want to keep dirty knickers.” I said I would take them home and wash them for her, but she shook her head, her hair floating around her as she did. She smiled at me again “thank you for your knickers, but what about yours?” she inquired. I said that I could manage with them for a few hours, wiping at my wet crotch with the flannel as I replied. She said thank you again and gave me a hug before she turned, picked up her bag, and left.

As soon as she was out of sight I squatted and smelt the puddle beneath me… and I found myself rubbing frantically at my throbbing clit again, smelling her knickers right under my nose as I rubbed faster and faster, my orgasm hitting me again almost instantaneously as I screamed silently to myself, almost falling onto the floor as I came again. My body was being hit with wave after wave, this orgasm almost as powerful as the first.

I took a couple of minutes to gather my senses again, before I hid her knickers in the bottom of my bag and stood up. I began to walk away, and before I left I turned once more and gazed at the area, smiling as I vividly saw the entire scene play back in my head before I turned and left.

I never saw that girl again, and I didn’t bother to check the queue as I went back to the main building. After what I had just witnessed, nothing that day was going to top that!

As for her knickers, I was able to hide them for a while in my room but since they were too small for me I couldn’t get them washed without anyone suspecting something. I had to throw them away in the end, but before I did I took one last smell of the faint aroma still in the fabric and orgasmed to the scene that night.

FIN

I hoped you all enjoyed that everyone – that was my own big experience I’ve ever had, and as far as experiences go I don’t think I’ll ever be able to top it! x

*007*2012-09-17 18:48

You're all very welcome - I'm glad you all enjoyed it :D I might write up a few more stories I have later this week if this one goes down well ;) x

*009*2012-09-17 20:40

{{:

You know, the whole time I was thinking "is this how she met Gemmy?"

}}

Hee hee, it wasn't but what a way to meet if we had :p

