Overflowing the plastic cup

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-10-13 19:59

Every week my mom goes shopping with my dad and I have time to experiment with myself. It was my summer break in my 2nd year of college, my brother was still in school so during the day I was by my lonesome.

I loved it.

I did what I wanted, walked around topless, walked around pant less, and even peed myself on purpose a few times. Sadly, for a while, I stopped partaking in watersports for a long time. I ran out of pants to pee in and I wasn’t able to find a decent “zen area” to urinate outside in. So I stopped all together.

One day I was really craving in some wet-play.

I had thought of an idea, I should try to relieve myself in a cup, like in the doctor’s offices.

I drank my usual 4 cups of water and waited, they won’t be back for a few hours. Typically water runs right through me, so I browsed the internet in the meantime.

I sat at my desk stalk naked. It started subtly but my bladder started to ache. It went from a dull discomfort to sharp alert. I held my private parts, it started to feel good…

Something about being naked made me just want to pee right at my desk. I found myself relaxing my muscles.

No Panetto! You’ll pee all over your favorite chair!

My hand quickly made it to my crotch. I bounced up and down in anticipation.

I wanna pee, I wanna pee~

I squirted a little in my chair and some on my hand. I felt myself mouth the word “shit”.

There was no going back now, I couldn’t hold it. Something about being naked made me want to pee right there, right everywhere.

I propped my foot on my chair and brought the clear cup up to my woman parts while peeing full force. The sound of pee pouring into a cup is arousing to say the least. Little did I know eight ounces fills up rather quickly.

“Nooo…” I whined.

I rapidly switched from the full container to an extra nearby, whew. The damage was minimal, a few dribbles leaked but nothing too bad.

I ended up filling up that plastic cup as well, just barely having it overflow. The cup was warm, burning almost. And the color of fine champagne, and as bubbly as it. Let me just say, pee is super warm, like bathtub water warm.

Both cups at hand, I poured it into the toilet and flushed.

