As I Peed

Author: polulak

*000*2011-07-21 20:48

Actually, it started quite innocently and with something else entirely. Like almost every child I have and I wore when it was cold, tights under trousers. Although perhaps one of the few I wore those classic brown fluted. How can you be a little colder in October, I am preparing for my mom pantyhose. As little it meant nothing to me, so I put them and everything was fine. Later, about the third grade, I started to realize, and I started wearing them do well. Sometimes I felt on edge tights to me sticking out the back of trousers, or with a penchant for looking at your feet in tights dressed. At home, I mostly walked in stocking feet in a house dress. Mom was glad to dress warmly and did not argue. At school I looked at the feet and classmates where I was searching for who that day is wearing tights. It went so far that I was wearing began to excite them.

I sometimes magnified by the fact that I was tickled over trousers to Sulina. It was a harbinger of masturbating, but since I had absolutely no idea yet, so I ran so far. It happened that my mom wanted to buy some other tights, a smooth ones with pictures, but I always protested, arguing that the girl and that these are the brown best. So it happened that I was perhaps the only one who wore them in the class. Other classmates this kind of tights called Trailer Trash, and said to me that I was a baby, that baby wearing tights. But I felt good wearing them and wore them on. Then came what I want to write to say how I found delight in počůrávání.

It happened by accident. It was like that once in late October when I had been going into seventh grade. It was pretty harsh, and so it happened that when I one Saturday implored my mom to let me in the evening to the cinema, I pointed out that it is cold outside, so I forgot to take tights. And I happen to forget, just me prepare. So I do not know where it came from, but it was the most beautiful brown to black, beaded, and it seemed to me that perhaps they are new. Even when I wore them, I felt that they are slightly different, such a powerful and even the seams are stronger and generally, even if they were thicker and were more subtle.

I did not ask where it came from, because I knew that my mom sometimes supplying friend at work. I did not wear them enough and I felt I was excited. Nothing I did not know, put them on cords, threw himself on the jacket and I dashed to the movies. I arrived just so, even bought a bike and I went to sit in place. I sat in the penultimate row on the edge and somehow I could not understand why I got this stupid place, when nobody around me do not fit. So I moved a few seats to the center line and gave the film while I was drinking Coke.

As I sat, I remembered what I am wearing tights and rubbing his leg chvilkama the leg, where I felt those tights under trousers. On the lap I had a jacket, so even if someone was sitting next to me, they would not notice my hand that slipped unnoticed into his lap and began to tickle my Sulina. Sometimes I patted her thigh where I felt that the indentation. Meanwhile, I drank a Coke and began to feel the urge to pee. It is gradually magnified, but in conjunction with the tickling Sulín it was somehow pleasant. I began to feel that it is quite acute, and that makes me want to pee quite a lot already. I started to decide if I should get up and go to the bathroom when it began. Then I had an idea with which I played a long time. What would it be if I peed. Just as a little kid, what was not kept and released it into the tights and trousers.

So I decided to try to keep as long as possible, if počůrám. I did not just go in your pants, but wait, if it runs itself. At the same idea that I peed, it was more and more exciting. I stopped to pay attention and concentrate on film. But after a while the pressure and the urge to return, but much stronger. For a while I managed it, I pressed his feet together and squeeze Sulina, but I just was not any good. Suddenly, without any influence I could, I started to leak a little trickle of pee in your pants.

I was surprised and almost in that moment I felt my underpants in the heat begins to spill it and it made me quite uncontrollably gush out. I was not quite ready, so I managed to stop after a few vteřinácht. Even so, it flowed long enough that I was, as I touch the crotch found throughout the wet pantyhose and cords. So I finally peed and it was pretty exciting. Although I stopped, but no relief. Within minutes, the pressure in močáku returned and gave a hauntingly clear that it must be empty.

Now I have to change, wondering if I should go in my pants when I'm wet, or go to the toilet. And I have again reached into the wet crotch, and I admit that the idea was fully wet more and more exciting. Pressure in močáku was so persistent, that decision was really short and I slowly started venturing into his pants. Although I initially tried to regulate it, močák can not leave anything to order and began to empty as soon as possible. So I have a few moments to fully weed. Not the toilet, but the pants. 

I confess, however, that surprised me the wonderful feeling of relief that came within a few seconds. He was stronger than the embarrassment of consciousness in which I just vlítl head over heels, I'll wet a little boy. Even crazier is that I was at that moment was not a pleasant feeling utter relief, but even that hot in the flood spilling in underpants and pantyhose. I did not mind at all that pleasant warmth spreading in the crotch and the legs are watersports. I just let it run its course and try to stop it.

I refully looked around, but nobody had a clue that the cinema also sits a 13-year-old boy who had just wets in his pants. He gave my legs a little apart, so I sat comfortably, and soon I heard čůránky flowed from the seat and began to drip on the carpet. I do not know how long it lasted, but the fact that I did not prevent it, I totally pee. I carefully reached into his crotch and felt my crotch completely wet and I'm very excited. So I peed and then finally experienced a wonderful feeling to it.

I really liked the clothes and pee idea počůraných stockings getting me really. I also overcame shyness and began to excite me the idea that this počůrám in public among the people. It ended with the movie, so I did not want anyone to see me as I wet and rather than light, I got up and walked out of the theater. I even saw a wet stain on the seat and I wondered what he would say, what gets a ticket to this place. After arriving home, I quickly tried to clean up my room, but she called me, showed me if I'm okay and I came across it yet. Cursory look at me and suddenly her eyes riveted on my pants, and quite surprised, she asked: "You peed?"

"Mommy, I very much wanted and I could not stand it," I replied. Mom shook her head over it with the comment: "Well, big boy, that you could not stand it?"

"Unfortunately not," I replied.

"So go take a shower and dress," she said. And I went into the bathroom where I locked it and began to browse in the mirror, I look wet. Very much I liked the dark stain in the crotch and the same on the backside. Slowly I removed the pants and looked at the beige pantyhose wet as wet in the crotch. But that's knocking on the door mom what I was doing for so long. So I have those wet pants, tights and underwear thrown into the dirt and went to a shower, but the decision to do it again, and preferably in front of people. Being a little guy who wears tights and children with wetting.

