The shower incident

Author: schubert.will

*000*2015-04-08 21:27

I have this friend Kassie who told me has urge incontinence (after this experience. she only tells people that she has had accidents in front of). She refuses to wear protection all the time, but she did buy and wear adult diapers immediately after one incident she had on a road trip. It was very obvious under her clothes and on our stops she got some weird looks. She only wore them while we were driving there, and on the way back.

Anyway, this is the first time I witnessed her problem. Not the first time I have witnessed accidents, but it was the first with her. We were at her place watching TV with our friend Jeremy, who was also her roomate. He got up and said "I'm going to go take a shower." He looked at her sympathetically and asked "Is that cool?" At the time I didn't know why it would be a problem, but she said "Yeah I think so." And he went into the bathroom. A few minutes later Kassie said "Son of a bitch." And I asked her what was wrong. She just shook her head and said "Nothing." And she crossed her legs, not in obvious deperation, but as one would while sitting on a couch. Not too long after, she exhaled, shifted position and uncrossed her legs. She then pressed them together and placed her hand between her legs. Shortly thereafter, she moaned as one would if they had a stomach ache.

I was really concerned and asked "Are you alright?" She started squirming and moaned "No I'm not." Her eyes widened, she gasped and then stood up, her hand between her legs. Now I was sure what was going on. She hobbled toward her bedroom and grunted "I have to..." and then stopped, crossed her legs and leaned forward slightly. She was straining, and making short little grunting sounds. I saw a little trickle come from underneath the right leg of her upper thigh length blue sport shorts. They weren't incredibly tight, so the trickle was kind of hard to see, then the trickle turned into a moderate stream, and a puddle started forming around her feet.

Both legs now had small streams cascading down them, and the inner thighs and lower seat of shorts were now becoming a darker shade of blue. She straightened her back and sighed "Dammit" in defeat. She had given up hope of escaping into her bedroom where she could have a private accident. Larger amounts of urine splashed onto the floor. It didn't go on for very long, but it seemed like forever at the time. A half minute or so after her bladder had emptied, she remained standing, with her legs crossed, looking at the puddle on the floor (It was a hard surface). She sighed and I could tell she didn't want to look at me. So I got up and went to her. "I've seen more embarrassing things than this, so don't even feel bad about it."

She shook her head. "This happens way to often, though." She then told me the short version of her condition, upon which I suggested a visit to the doctor and/or protection. She said "Hell no" to both. She went to the kitchen, still in her wet shorts, and grabbed roll of paper towels. She laid a bunch on the puddle and wiped her legs with some more. "Shouldn't you go change?" I asked. She sighed "Yeah," then went into her bedroom and slammed the door. Jeremy came out of the bathroom shortly after and said he heard a door slam, then looked at the wet paper towels on the floor. "Oh. She had an accident, didn't she?" I nodded and said "She really needs to get that checked out." He said "I know but she won't. She hates doctors."

She came out of her bedroom, still wearing the wet shorts, waddling slightly, carrying a change of pants and had obviously been crying. She didn't say a word. She just went into the bathroom, took a shower and went into her bedroom again. We didn't see her the rest of the night.

*002*2015-04-11 04:22

Yeah we're still friends and hopefully always will be because I love her dearly. I have never made ANY indication that I have an interest in this to anyone in my life and I wish it to remain that way. I HATE to say I'm "lucky" to have two female friends that have to deal with bladder issues because they ARE my friends (no matter how attracted I am to them) and I don't like the mental stress they have to encounter because of it. I incorporate the stress and embarrasment I see on their faces and hear in their voices so I can remind myself that this isn't all sunshine and butterflies.

