A girl wet herself waiting for the bus - Sighting

Author: lachwet

*000*2013-12-29 21:18

This is my most recent sightning that happened around 4 weeks ago on a bus stop downtown.

I had been at the cinema in the city centre with some friends a sunday night. After saying goodbye to the others i went towards the nearby bus-stops.

Every now and then i spot desperate girls waiting at bus stops, tram stops, metro stations etc.

This specific area is close to one of the metro stations in the city centre, two cinemas, many shops and kiosks and several bars and pubs.

I take the bus from this place often, and it has shown to be a very good place for desperation sightings, especially in the evening.

I have the impression that many of the girls i have seen here that are obviously desperate are coming from the cinema...

There are bus stops on each side of the road, and tram stops on a traffic island in the middle of the road.

It was around 21:30 in the night and many people was coming and going in the area. People was coming in waves from the cinemas.

Soon i noticed two girls on one of the bus stops. They must have arrived minutes earlier, as i hadn't seen them before. They were both in the middle of their twenties i guess.

One of the girls was quite tall, close to 180 cm. She had brown hair and was wearing a tight grey cotton skirt with black leggings or tights under.

She was with another girl, and they waited at the bus stop.

I noticed her because she was crossing her legs and fidgeting quite a lot. The two girls was chatting.

The one with brown hair was holding her legs crossed all the time. Quite often she uncrossed them and crossed them the opposite way immedeately.

She was twisting her body around a lot, and squirming on the spot. She was often squeezing her legs together and adjusted her position often.

I could clearly see that she needed to pee quite bad. She often looked at the board giving estimated arrival time of the bus.

One bus was coming in 8 minutes and another one in 18 minutes. I was hoping the girls was waiting for the one in 18 minutes.

I kept on watching as the two girls stood there chatting and waiting for the bus. The one with dark hair was squirming and fidgeting quite much.

Suddenly she bent her knees a few times while taking some quick breaths. As minutes passed it seemed to get slightly worse.

She kept her pee-pee squirming a bit discrete, though.

Sometimes she got some spasm-like shivers over her upper body, accompanied by knee bending and rubbing her legs against each other.

She did the knee bending more and more often as time passed. She often folded her hands in front of her skirt as she stood there squirming.

The first bus arrived, but the two girls stayed. It had been 10 minutes now. And the information board showed 12 minutes until arrival for the next bus.

So there was delays.

Now she started lifting up her legs repeatedly, like walking on the spot for periods. She was biting her lip often, and she looked more concerned.

Her urge to pee was obviously increasing during the wait.

After some more time she started stepping from foot to foot for periods, in-between all the other squirming and fidgeting.

After a few periods of this stepping on the spot she said asked her friend if they ould go back to the cinema.

Then she whispered something to her friend. I couldn't hear what she said. They went towards the cinema.

I kept an eye on them from the bus stop. They arrived at the main entrance of the cinema. But apparently the door was closed.

They usually close the entrance when the last movie has started.

She did a little pee-pee dance there, after she found the cinema closed. Her bathroom break was canceled.

The two girls stayed there for a couple of minutes. The desperate girl squirmed and stepped on the spot as they talked.

After a couple of minutes they came back to the bus stop. They stayed a little bit more in the background now.

I discretely repositioned myself closer to them.

The desperate girl was squirming heavier than before, and she looked quite uncomfortable.

She was crossing and uncrossing her legs, squeezing her legs together, rotating her body around, shifting her weight around, and adjusting her position very often.

Inbetween all the squirming she often bent her knees repeatedly, making her bounche a little up and down. Everytime she did this she took a breath and looked like she had a freezing.

The desperate girl was often looking at the board showing the ETA for the bus. She looked very uncomfortable. And concerned.

She was biting her lip much of the time, and she fiddled with her hair. She looked restless.

Often she folded her hands in front of her skirt while she twisted her body around.

The bus was obviously moving slow. The board said 8 minutes now. The electronic boards in my city are almost newer showing the correct time.

Her squirming was getting more intense.

I heard her say to her friend:

"I wish the bus would come soon, so that i can sit down!"

Shortly after she started lifting her feet up repeatedly, like walking on the spot. She repeated this for periods over and over again.

She said to her friend:

"I need to pee so bad now. I think i'm peeing myself soon!"

She continued her squirming, pee-pee dancing and stepping on the spot all the time. Her pee-pee dancing had become more tense lately.

The emergency was quickly getting worse, it looked like.

Soon she said:

"Oh my god, i'm about to pee myelf!". She sounded worried.

Shortly after she must have gotten a stronger urge to pee. Because suddenly she bent her knees quickly up and down, like earlier. But this time mush faster and more tense.

And she put her hands on her thighs. She got a very troubled look in her face.

Soon she said to her friend: "I can't hold it much longer. I'm going to pee myself on the bus..." she sounded despaired.

Her friend tried comforting her. But the desperate girl replied:

"It's long. I don't think i can hold it that long. I'm going to pee in the bus, i just know it."She sounded serious, and very very worried.

She said this with a low voice, but i was close enough to hear it. She did her knee bending/bounching while saying this.

She had a very troubled look in her face. From her words, and her troubled voice it seemed like she had just realized that she wasn't going to make it.

She had right about that. But she was wrong about one thing: She wasn't going to be able to hold it until the bus arrived.

Suddenly she started stepping from foot to foot. She increased the pace after a few seconds. She was nearly kicking her shoes together.

Now she looekd like she was about to loose it.

After this it didn't take long before she had another strong pee urge:

She bounched up and down again by bending her knees repeatedly, and she put her hands on her thighs. She took a quick breath and had a spasm, or pee-shivering.

"Shit!" she said. Her voice sounded really anxious.

Shortly after it happened again. But this time it was even worse:

She put her hands on her skirt at her crotch.

Her face was paniced for a moment. When this one was over she put her hand under her skirt for a second. It looked like she rubbed the inside of her thighs, just under her crotch.

Just moments later it happened again. This time her moves was slightly more frantic. She stiffened for a moment as she grabbed her skirt.

Her face blushed red, and panic spread through her face.

She kept her hands on her skirt. Her face was terrified. Had she peed a bit?

Just seconds later she was hit by another wave of desperation: She squeezed her thighs togeter. Then her eyes became wet and she grabbed her skirt again.

Then she grabbed her crotch through her skirt.

Then i saw it: A small wet patch had appeared on her gray skirt! She had peed!

Just moments later it would get worse:

She squeezed her tighs hard together, and her face paniced again. She moaned, and her face told me that her situation was really bad.

Another wet patch appeared on her skirt.

Shortly after i saw pee running down her thighs. The two wet patches on her skirt grew and became one. Pee was running down her thighs and legs. Her black leggings was visibly wet.

She kept on peeing, it looked like it came out in long waves. And soon it started running down on the asphalt, forming a wet stain around her feet.

Her friend then noticed what was going on.

Her face was despaired and red. Tears filled her eyes. She then spread her legs.

A stream of pee hit the ground for a moment. Then she closed her legs again and squeezed them together. After some seconds it seemed like she was able to stop her peeing.

But now multiple people around us had noticed it.

She held her legs tight together and squirmed a bit. Like she was struggleing to hold back the rest of her bladder content.

She was very embarrassed. Humiliated. That was written all over her. She stood with her legs tight together for some time, while her friend comforted her.

Her skirt was very wet around her crotch and all the way down. Her thights, or leggings was black, but the wide pee streaks that covered all the inside and much of the front was still quite visible.

A few tears ran down her cheeks, but her friend comforted her. She looked down and "inspected" her wet gray skirt and her wet thights a few times as she stood there.

She looked very dejected by her accident. And also by the fact that that she had peed herself so publicly.

The girl was well dressed. She looked like a nice and controlled girl, a girl that you wouldn't really expect to pee herself in public like this.

Around 5 minutes later another bus arrived and the two girls went onboard.

I made a quick sketch describing approximately how i remember the pee stain pattern was on her tights and her skirt, see the attached file.

*002*2013-12-30 02:06

{{:

That sounds amazing. You were quite privileged to witness such a show! Thanks for sharing. And now, really, I want to know where that bus stop is! ;)

}}

It's in the city centre in the capital of my country.

Here comes a couple of sightings of very desperate girls i have seen at the same bus-stop. These sightings are also quite recent. They both happened in november-december.

1.

This one also happened late in the evening. I was waiting at the same bus stop when i noticed a group of 4 people.

They seemed to be in their late twenties, 2 girls and tow guys.

One of the girls was obviously very desperate. She was moving on the spot a lot, and changing her position all the time.

She was from crossing her legs tightly for long periods. In-between she often uncrossed her legs and crossed them again the opposite way.

Often she started stepping from foot to foot for a while. And in-between she bent both her knees multiple times and "bounched" a little bit up and down.

She had an uncomfortable look in her face, and she didn't seem to participate much in their conversation.

Sometimes she also rubbed her knees and tights against each other for a while. It was obvious that she needed to pee badly, but she stayed with her friends at the bus stop.

During her stay at the bus stop she put her hands on her thighs many times, and she was changing her position often.

After a while her friends got on a bus, but she stayed at the bus stop. When they were gone she stepped a bit more frantically from foot to foot for a short time.

Then she went into one of the bars nearby. Some minutes later she was back. And she was much more relieved. So she must have gone there only to use their toilet...

2.

This was a friday evening. Two girls appeared at the bus stop. I think they came from the subway station nearby. They both showed signs of needing to pee quite much.

One of them, a girl with brown hair was standing with her legs crossed. She was changing her position often, and crossing and uncrossing her legs regularly.

Her blonde friend, however, looked much more desperate. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs constantly. Every now and then she walked a few steps, and moving around on the bus stop.

She did the "knee-bending", or "bounching" quite often.

She started stepping from foot to foot for a while regularly. And every now and then she was "walkig on the spot" by lifting her feet up repeatedly.

She was pee-pee dancing constantly. She could hardly stand still for a second. She needed to pee so bad. She seemed to be far beyond the point where she could hide her desperation by making her desperation moves a bit discrete.

I think the two girls had been drinking a bit. They weren't drunk, just a little bit tipsy.

After maybe 5 minutes of pee-pee dancing overheard her tell her friend how bad she needed to go, and she wouldn't be able to hold it much longer.

Her friend suggested that they could go to the park nearby and find a spot. The desperate girl agreed, and they went away.

My bus arrived before they came back, so i didn't see any more of them.

*005*2013-12-30 14:04

{{:

Really nice sighting!

But for me a couple of questions remain unanswered.

1. Why You do not disclose in what country and in what city the accident happened? I am just curious

2. If the are bars in close proximity and even a park, why the girl did not seek any opportunities for relief there? My be girls on this forum can answer this question.

My experience with desperate girls is that they would do everything possible to avoid accident, seek places to relief themselves, but this girl just stood in a crowded bus stop and simple let it happen. Why?

}}

1.

Norway

2.

Many bars are closed here on the days when few people go out partying. I don't remember if the bars was open this particular day, though.

I have no idea why she didn't go to the park, or the closest bar, if it was open. She tried the cinema, but it was closed...

Maybe she was to shy to do it outside in the park? I don't know why she didn't try that alternative...

*009*2013-12-30 20:29

{{:

Cool!

I myself am from Norway. Where in Oslo this exactly happened? Which bus stop you are talking about?

And the question for the girls remain. How many girls are to shy to pee in the bushes in the dark, and choose to pee their pants instead?

}}

At nationalteateret. It was on the bus stop on the "aker brygge" side of stortingsgata. Close to "Paddy's"

Hvor i Norge holder du til? (du trenger ikke svare hvis du ikke vil...)

And yes, the question why she didn't go to the park 150 m away remains unanswered.

Maybe she was having a thin hope to be able to hold it, until her desperation became so acute that she just lost it? I don't know.

Only the unlucky girl knows, we can only speculate...

*019*2014-01-01 20:35

{{:

Fantastic choice of short phrasing and use of your mental imagery. one hell of a great memory you have!

}}

Part of the reason i'm able to render it in such detail is that i wrote down the events, more or less in keywords as soon as i got home after seeing thi, so i could write a post here later.

And also because i have a decent memory ;-)

{{:

Great account. Thanks for writing this up in such detail, and the sketch is a great idea.

I'd love to read more about some of the other wettings you've seen, which you mention in another thread (the girl on the train, a girl in an exam and a girl in a lecture).

Thanks again. : )

}}

I will post them. I have written down the happenings, but for better readability i will need to "brush" them up a bit. It's partially as keywords and notes atm, written down shortly after it happened.

After seeing some wettings, aftermath of wettings and quite many desperations i have kind of developed an eye for those things, and through the years i feel i have become quite good at identifying girls as desperate to some level.

I think getting desperate in public is not that uncommon that many people tend to believe...

@theAnalyzer:

Have you been i Norway / Oslo ?

Happy new year, everyone!

*024*2014-01-05 18:47

{{:

Very nice and detailed story :) Hope you get to see an event like that again :)

Greetings from Trøndelag ;)

}}

I have seen a few more wettings previously, actually :-)

Not at the same location, but other places. I will post descriptions of them later.

Some of them in Trøndelag actually, or Trondheim where i lived when i was a student some years ago ;-)

Nice to see other Norwegians here, BTW

