Bus stop wetting

Author: Millan

*000*2012-04-20 23:13

So...By now I guess you have all read Vicky’s story where she wet herself in front of her friend, and found it incredibly hot just like I did! The thing is though that we had an agreement that we would both do something similar, to make it less scary and push ourselves a bit since we both figured that it would be something we would like a lot. I couldn’t let her down of course, so I did my best to match her awesome event. The thing for me though is that I do not have any friends that I am very close with, so I had to improvise and think of a way to be seen by someone while still not making this a very public thing. Luckily I’m fairly good at planning desperate “events” by now so I gave it some thought and came up with a plan.

###

I couldn’t do my thing in broad daylight like Vicky did since I didn’t really have a choice but to do it near some stranger. Because of that I didn’t want to be right next to someone, but rather at like a decent distance where I could still be seen but not recognized. I am also a bit limited on time right now due to an exam coming up, so the only real opportunity I had was yesterday (Thursday) night, and I knew I had to go for it. So I spent most of the afternoon and evening just filling up slowly while studying, but it started getting pretty late and I wasn’t desperate yet, which meant I had to start drinking a bit faster in the end. I focused mostly on water but decided to have a cup of coffee as well, both to speed things up and to make sure I could stay awake and “focus”, as much as possible when desperate anyway!

Since Vicky went with clothes that would really show wetness, I decided to go with a pair of light blue jeans myself…I mean, it wouldn’t be fair if I went with black pants or a skirt right?

Underneath I wore a pair of orange, regular panties with a green border-thingy and a little bow in front, and I went with a white top, a thicker black shirt and a black jacket since it is still really cold here. At this point I was full, on the edge of desperate – I could kind of stand still while putting my shoes on but my thighs were rubbing against each other just a bit as my jeans pushed on my bladder. I was scared but definitely ready to do this.

So, over to my actual plan: My idea was to take the car and go roughly five kilometers away from where I live where there is sort of a bus-hub where loads of bus-lines meet up. Now my city is fairly small and so is this hub, it’s not central or anything. A friend of mine used to live nearby it so I know from experience that it is fairly deserted, but there’s always a bunch of people who have been around that area late (lot’s of apartments) so there was bound to be some people who were waiting for their buses. Since I had to get home somehow afterwards I had a bag of spare clothes and an extra pair of shoes in a plastic bag in the car, and I also actually own one of these car seat protection things. I bought it for another challenge I did with another friend in which we peed our pants in the car…But that is another story! Point is I had one of those things in worst case, if I had to drive home while wet. I also brought water for obvious reasons ;)

I personally think that planning everything is boring but I don’t really have much of a choice much of the time, there’s just no other way these things can work out. This time I decided to not have a plan from the point I got out of the car until I came back, so even if I would have put myself in a situation where I’m desperate outside somewhere I would have to improvise for the most part. Once I got in the car I downed a half bottle of water, since I was going to be sitting down for a while driving anyway things wouldn’t be so bad even if I was desperate. I just find sitting easier, it’s like I can hold on forever like that. The drive to the bus hub was nothing special as it was late (About 1:30 AM), so I didn’t meet that many cars. I found a parking spot a couple hundred meters from my “target”, downed the rest of that water bottle before I left to make sure pressure would be building up once I was out, and…Off I went.

Immediately when I left the car holding was much harder. Temperature was just above freezing which really makes things worse, so I stopped and crossed my legs just a few meters from my car and had a look around. I was still in a small parking lot with just a few cars, on one side I had a road leading into town and on the other just a bunch of houses, lights were out in most of them. I squirmed a little bit on the spot from the cold and decided to just get going towards the bus stop, it would just look like I was coming from one of the houses and was going to take the bus home just like everyone else.

I continued to walk, slow and steady with my thighs together and squirming a bit as I walked. There was no need for hands yet but things were getting worse quickly due to all I had to drink recently and the cold weather. When I could see the bus stop I looked around while continuing to walk towards it, and sure enough there were a few people scattered over the various stops. I got really nervous at this point and considered just leaving, but I couldn’t, so I just went over there and sort of went for a lap around the place, pretending I was slightly drunk and looking for my bus. What I actually did was look for whatever bus had the longest time before it would turn up…

I found one that had just over 30 minutes, but there was no one in that stop at the time. I decided to just sit down for a while anyway as I really had to pee and didn’t want to use my hands with people around if I could avoid it. I was still outdoors so the cold was affecting me, and I immediately crossed my legs as I sat down and squirmed quite a bit. I really couldn’t sit still and I didn’t think I was going to make those 30 minutes no matter what. 

From where I was sitting now I had one other stop in front of me to the right where there was a couple waiting for some bus, one behind me to the left with a bunch of girls inside and behind me there’s a small building with toilets and such (conveniently closed, which I actually didn’t know before I got there!) and on the other side of that is the rest of the stops. So I had quite a few people who could potentially see me where I was but I had no idea if they were looking as I was too concentrated on not wetting myself. I thought to myself that I just had to hold it until my bus arrived, hop on it and hold it until I arrived home. There was absolutely nowhere I could pee where I was, it was all roads or houses and the only toilets I knew off were closed, probably because it was so late.

As I sat there shaking and bouncing my legs, two more girls showed up at my stop and I didn’t see them before they were more or less right next to me, which startled me a bit as I had been to focused on other things to notice. Now I was really embarrassed, but I didn’t know if they could tell I was desperate or not, as they weren’t really paying attention to me, they were just chatting away. The problem now was that I didn’t want to do this directly in front of someone and I had no idea how long I could actually manage in the cold and with no hands (avoiding making it too obvious) which made me really nervous. So nervous that I dribbled a little bit and felt my crotch go warm. I managed to stop it really quickly by jamming my hands between my legs (it’s a reflex by now!). I let my hands go again as soon as I could and just held on tight with my legs, and the wetness didn’t feel too bad. 

I could feel it myself but I don’t think it showed through at this point. Thing is I had serious problems holding it and I had to do something, so I got up instead…But had to cross my legs immediately again. After a short while I could move and I just hobbled past the two girls in my stop and into the area between my stop and the one with the other girls. I walked back and forth a bit with my legs together and eventually had to stop to do a little pee dance on the spot, shifting my legs and squirming. By now it was getting very obvious but I couldn’t help it, it was cold and my bladder was bulging since more and more liquid was making its way there and my jeans were too tight so they added extra pressure. I walked around a bit more until I felt a massive surge and actually had to bend forward and use one hand to not lose it. I heard a giggle and suddenly someone said:

“Are you okay? You don’t look well”. One of the girls had seen me obviously (Possibly some of the others as well but I couldn’t tell). I got even more nervous but knew I had to say something…

“Yes, I just have to pee and the bathroom here is locked”. I was still squirming in my spot and couldn’t believe I was actually having this conversation with someone while really not knowing whether I could hold on or not.

“Oh, well that sucks” she said. “I hope you make it. Is there nowhere else you can go? Like, maybe over that direction?” She pointed towards where I came from and probably referred to a small grass field with a couple of trees further down the path that I know of, but couldn’t exactly think of at the time.

“Can you check the time on bus 31?” I asked and held myself with one hand again, I didn’t really care anymore, it was almost like I blacked out and just worked on instinct. I’m pretty sure I have never been so terrified in my entire life, I’m glad she was being nice.

“12 minutes, you have time to run over there and pee and still be back in time, it’s not far”. She was still being really nice and supportive but the word that stood out to me in that sentence was “pee”, and it didn’t help. I dribbled again and moaned a little.

“I…Honestly don’t know if I can make it but thanks, I’ll go” I said and started desperately making my way off in the direction I came from, but it wasn’t going well. Every step meant a few drops escape and I could feel that I was getting more and more wet. After just a few steps I was certain my panties were soaked, the fabric was clinging against my lady bits, my butt and my thighs and I knew it was going to show through soon. It was dark but with the street lamps around it would show anyway. I put one hand between my legs and half ran a short distance before I felt it coming and had to stop. I bent over and grabbed myself but this time I couldn’t stop it immediately.

I looked down and saw a tiny patch on the front, but what was worrying me was that my thighs felt much warmer on the backside. I was now maybe 30-40 meters from the girls in my stop and I had definitely peed in my pants. I couldn't tell at the time how bas it was but now afterwards I assume that I had wet a bit over both my thighs and butt cheeks, although nothing massive yet. I can guarantee it showed for anyone who was looking though, I felt really wet!

When I had regained control I stood up normally and had a quick look behind me, heart beating like never before. The girl I had been talking to looked my way but I didn’t have time to look at the rest of the stops, I started half running again. This time it didn’t go so well and I started slowly dribbling as I ran, I could feel a few drops at a time make it down my legs and after a short distance my jeans were getting a bit clingy, while my crotch was burning hot. I couldn’t keep it up but had to stop again. This time I tried to look at my backside and I was fairly wet down my left leg to just above my knee, slightly less on the right leg. On the front there was just a small streak in between my legs, there was not so much out over my thighs.

And then it just happened, I couldn’t take it anymore and it just came out with a loud noise. I was not exactly under a street lamp but I was in the radius of one and just instinctively squatted and felt the warm wetness all over my ass. I peed so hard I wasn’t just soaking my bum but I also managed to pee on the lower part of my legs and in my boots. I just stared down in silence as I continued soaking myself. It felt amazing to finally pee, the relief was great, but I was soooo embarrassed! I could feel my cheeks burning, but not as much as my lady bits…My god the turn on of doing what I just did sure was something special! I made a pretty big puddle and soaked my whole backside, but saved the front pretty well.

Once I finished I just took off and ran towards where I had parked the car, heart pounding like never before while I was embarrassed, scared, relieved, soaked and incredibly turned on at the same time. My boots made squishy noises with every step and I could feel that even my feet were wet. I ran all the way to the car and quickly opened it and sat down in the driver’s seat on my protection thing and closed the door. I had a quick look around, didn’t see anybody and just…Unbuttoned my jeans and let my hand slide down into the wet mess, rubbing myself. The other went for my breasts and I came really fast, rested for a short while as I breathed heavily and then just went at it again, I couldn’t get enough!

Eventually I figured I really had to get home, so I went out again, still soaked, and took my dry clothes out of the trunk. I changed quickly in the seat, didn’t get completely dry obviously but still good enough to drive without getting all cold and getting the car wet. Then I went home and cleaned up, had some more fun in the shower and went to bed!

…And that is why I have been so slow and tired today (Friday)!

*011*2012-06-14 10:48

Thank you for the comments...I just wanted to say again that even though this is something I will do much more rarely than wetting in non-public places or at home, it was a huge turn on and something I am definitely willing to do again at some point :)

I have recently been discussing with another friend to do something more public, but we have been mostly into the whole toilet line or go to another city idea, to lower the chances of us being recognized. That is also part of the reason why I did it in a place like this in the story above, since it was a bit away from where I live and I don't really know anyone around there (used to have a friend who lived there but not anymore).

Anyway, during the summer I plan to do something public again, just not sure what or when yet. It needs more careful planning and it still has to be as close to a real accident as possible and so on. Since I did this I have not done anything really public, but I have been wetting myself outside a few more times, once even in blue jeans again that didn't really turn out as I had planned, but that is another story I plan to write down soon!

So if we move on to possible ways of doing something similar...For me it is more the chance of being seen that gives me the extra thrill that makes this so sexy. It just feels like it's so much more like a real accident if I am not in a dedicated spot where I can easily hide when it happens (cause in that case I could have just squatted to avoid the "accident" if I wanted to), but if there are people nearby squatting just won't happen, and pants might get wet instead...

So what I'm saying is if I am doing something "brave" again I don't have to be seen, I just want to be at the risk of being seen to make it much more realistic and amazing and hot. Do you guys have any preferred things you would like me to try or any fun ideas you think might work? I'm not saying I'll do anything but I'm definitely interested in almost any idea on this subject!


