The cruel vice principal

Author: TJC

*000*2014-10-18 15:27

This is a story from back in the 8th grade. At the start of class our regular teacher did not show up, I forgot what the reason was. The school had to find us a sub ASAP. The sub was the vice principal, an old-fashioned, stern lady. She believed in the "no excuse to leave the classroom" mentality. A few people were denied water or bathroom, but it didn't really affect them too much. That is, accept for one girl named Nicole. She was skinny, with long brown hair. I forget what she wore that day, but it was probably short-shorts, and a low cut top because that was her style. About a half hour into class, she asked to go pee, the teacher denied her permission, despite her plea that she really had to go. Classes are 50 minutes each, with a short break in between them; but the schedule was really weird and on this day we had two classes back to back, in that classroom, with the same teacher, meaning no one could leave for an hour and forty minutes.

Poor Nicole had to go to her desk and wait to relieve herself. At first her desperation was minor, crotch grabbing, leg shaking, nothing major. As class progressed She began grasping her crotch harder, shaking her leg more frequently and aggressively, to the point where she was practically doing a pee-pee dance in her seat, and I heard her exclaim to her friends how desperate she was. About an hour into class she asked to leave again, stating she was desperate and that it was an emergency, but was refused permission. She returned to her desk, continuing to struggle to hold it in and exclaiming her dismay at our sub to her friends.

As class progressed her desperation grew more and more as she tried desperately to convince our teacher to allow her to leave with nothing but refusal. She held it in desperately as recess approached, and when it did she bolted out of class to relieve her bladder. I don't know for sure, but I'm willing to bet she leaked a little throughout this ordeal.

Needless to say, my eyes were glued to her this whole time, aroused as all hell. I watched her struggle, as I prayed she'd wet herself. (I was a bit of an asshole back then, wanting to see her humiliated for my sexual pleasure. Although, to be fair, the fact that she was quite rude and unfriendly also added to my wanting to see her humiliated.) This was the earliest case of female desperation I can recall and also one of the best. I don't recall seeing a girl more desperate in my life. This experience was definitely a major contributor to me discovering my love of pee was a fetish.

P.S.

I went to school with Nicole for many years, and I found that she asked to use the bathroom a lot. I think she may have had bladder problems.

*003*2014-10-20 21:28

Generally speaking, in my experience, the "magic words" also got you out of class. This vice principal however was a special case, she was the type of person that believed as a teenager you're 100% of the time able to hold your pee and never need to leave class for whatever reason. I don't believe she was "the girl who cried pee" because even though she left class often, she was not out for more than a couple minutes, and when she was refused, she would complain to her friends how bad she needed to pee.

