Early Morning Pee and Desperation

Author: justarandomguy

*000*2015-05-20 18:41

I've been a member of the community for quite some time, but don't recall ever posting anything. After finally remembering and figuring out my password again, I figure it's time to contribute! I have the perfect story for the occasion:

I went to bed Saturday night at 12:00, technically Sunday morning, with a slight urge to pee. It wasn't anything too unbearable, so I figured I'd just use the bathroom whenever I woke up at 6:00 to get ready for my morning shift at work. Some time later, I awoke to what I can only describe as being punched in the stomach. My bladder, having filled up with all the water I had been drinking that evening, felt like a grapefruit. Rolling over to check my phone (smashing my aching bladder in the process), it was only 1:30. I was surprised and equally desperate.

Wetting had never been a kink for me. Hearing and seeing women desperate to pee and finally going? Yeah, that was my jam. But as for myself, I had never really found it all that exciting. But the more I read into it and eventually started trying it, the more of a turn on it became - and I'll definitely share some of those experiences on here as well soon enough! But anyways, I was feeling somewhat naughty. I didn't want to get up and go pee. Looking around the room, legs tightly crossed, bladder absolutely screaming at me for relief, I spotted only two things: 1) an empty bottle of Mike's hard lemonade (yes, I love the stuff, even though it's only 5% alcohol) and 2) the half full/half empty bottle of water on my desk. My hand was clamped to my crotch. I was in a panic to not wet myself, so I snatched the empty bottle off the window sill and laid back. My heart was absolutely racing. The fabric of my boxers were already a bit damp in the front from a few uncontrollable spurts.

I positioned the bottle accordingly and started to pee. Whenever I use the toilet, there's this slow start to my stream that gradually increases and gains power overtime until my bladder is empty. There was no slow start here. The force was tremendous. It sounded like rain on a windowpane. I let my head fall back in bliss as I emptied my bladder, loving each and every second of the release. But then I realized that there was no way in hell that this one bottle could contain it all. The confirmation of that fact was realized when the bottle reached its limit and pee started leaking onto my pants, bed, and sheets. I managed to shut off the flow, painful as it was, just long enough to reach over and grab the other bottle. I only had half to work with, so I started peeing again, filling it up in seconds.

Two bottles of pee later (technically one and a half), but I still wasn't empty. I was comfortable enough to go back to sleep, but instead I crept over to my dresser, pulled out the underwear and jeans that I do wetting stuff with, pressed them to my crotch, and finished off what was left in my aching bladder. Aside from a few random drips on the floor, nothing looked out of place. When I finally got back in bed, the two pee bottles were still on my desk. I ended up just emptying them in the morning, tossing the clothes in the washing machine, and was off to work long before my parents even got up. I like the sneaky stuff.

I'd love to expand my horizon so-to-say with my fetish. This seems like the perfect place for some inspiration! Thanks for letting me share and hope you enjoyed the read! :)

*004*2015-05-31 03:31

{{ 

By FAR my favorite post in this website! Absolutely amazing! It's so freaking hot, please do more like this in the future! Thanks for the incredible story!

}}

I'm genuinely flattered! Trust me when I say that I'll be more than happy to share any more situations like this in the future as they happen :)

