My First Wetting

Author: BunnyButtons

*000*2013-08-03 06:45

Hey everyone! Jess here c:

As I got deeper into the archives of omo.org, getting a whole different kind of wet and having the greatest week ever I wanted to try wetting :)

It never dawned on me really! I like seeing other girls' panties, I like seeing them wet themselves, why cant I do it myself?

So today being Saturday I don't use the toilet getting up as a normally, have breakfast, change into a black frilly skirt, swap my blue-ish pj top for a black Master of Puppets shirt while keeping my white push up bra and purple cotton panties on ;) and I leave the house to go into town.

My first stop was the supermarket to grab two energy drinks, more because Im addicted instead of it's other natures. I down the first one. Feeling bloated I walk to a secluded park on the other side of town while sipping on my second drink.

I make it there, noticing my bladder getting rather sore the more I drink. This feeling just exciting me even more! Every inch of my body knowing what is to happen next c:

While reading from page 1 to page 45 on the Live Action Omo desperation sits in. The excitment from my thoughts and Gem and Bea's descriptions enticing me to pleasure myself and just forget about wetting :3 but then I pass the point I normally start thinking of finding a toilet, the point of no return ;)

As time flew by I squirm, shift positions on the seat Im in at the park and keep my thighs together while my bladder tells me its in pain. Every time a sharp pain stabs I moan and bitch to the trees, grass and the pond.. Crap. I had just noticed the pond! I could literally feel my bladder weakening, sending my pee down its short path. I put my hand up my skirt, over my panties and on my wee hole as a precaution, while all the time being tight and wriggling.

Then I start feeling wet for some reason? I quickly inspect to see my growing excitement has made some lady juice ;3

At this stage I think "I want to masturbate really badly!" I slid down the bench, lifted my skirt to show the sky my panties and pinned it back so it didnt get wet as I adore this skirt!

I parted my legs to let a squirt into my panties. Then 3 more followed making me feel warm and wet. Heart racing I try to keep it in as I lay in this position, dribbling from both lips. Then I just tell the place "fuck it! Oooh..!" the excited feeling multiplying by 3 as my crotch part and my bum part of my panties turn a dark purple and very warm! Lasting for about twenty seconds, ten with me sitting on my hand feeling the wetness flow, cumming, squeaking and moaning in pure extacy :D

I had totally drenched the bench and my pee was flowing off onto the ground below. The first thought that I kinda shouted was "why the fuck didn't I do this before!" Then I started rubbing myself to cum again due to the involintry episode was SO FUCKING GREAT! I reached orgasm in 3 minutes because I was so aroused! Grabbing my phone with my spare hand to watch Bea wet her purple panties to add to my already loud moaning ;) All this was so much I was screaming! I wet my panties again with remaining pee, directly followed by a hard squirt of cum :D

I layed there gathering my energy for a while, smiling way too much!

I stood up holding my skirt up to inspect the damage. The ENTIRE back was wet c; plus underneath :D

I then went to do some errands in town and came back home. Had a shower in my panties to attempt to clean them and put them in thd wash basket :)

I hope everyone likes my first wetting as much as I did :) :) xx

*005*2013-08-03 22:10

{{: 

This sounds amazing! And btw you're very talented in writing:D you should write more stories;)

But... weren't you afraid to get caught? I personally would be soooo afraid to get caught peeing outside... although I'd really like to try it!

}}

Nawww thanks so much :D I still need to focus on describing betterer but that'l come in time c:

The park I went to is in a "secret" part of town near ish the cemetary with a generous amount of bush and tree blocking the few houses that ajourns the park :P when I started moaning my head off a small thought came "shush! Someone may investigate!" D: I ignored myself obviously :P

{{ 

Holy shit.. You are so the same as me! We should chat sometime!

Love, Tess.

}}

I noticed ;) Jess and Tess x3 I tried messaging you the other day but either my phone was being a dud or trial members aren't allowed to start new messages :c

*013*2013-08-05 05:36

Woah! Thank you all for your awesome words! :)

And the 800 odd others who have read this, you're welcome :D x

