Determined to win

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-14 17:20

Hi everyone!

I've sunk into this routine with user homeanddry in that when he has a night shift he leaves an hour early, when he's on that drive I drink at least 500ml of water, and when he gets to work he has a mug of tea. We did it last night as normal.

I didn't feel it too much as id been desperate just before he left, but we both hit 6 at the same time. I think we encourage each other to hold it, as we were both getting quite vocal of our need. I was sat at my desk with one hand between my legs, and HaD was getting to the whining stage.

He kept pushing his limits and pushing his limits and neglected to go when he had a slight break in business at work. He was walking around, tapping his feet, leaning on everything, whilst I was half laughing at him and half sympathetic.

I was determined to beat him, and he was determined to wait. What should have been a 20 minute wait crept up and up. Both our bladders were bulging and I was in a fair amount of pain. HaD was on the floor on his knees rocking back and forth and bouncing in between doing his job!

He finally got a break and literally sprinted to the bathroom and left his phone on the hand dryer where I heard him get relief. As soon as I heard him I was shaking trying to hold it but it just began pouring out of me non stop! I took a pic of my wet jeans.

It was an amazing adventure, probably with plenty more to come lol!

*004*2015-10-15 14:01

{{: 

Mismatched socks are so cute. I think I just discovered a new fetish

}}

Haha you wouldn't be the only one, I love my socks, I buy a pack of three so they aren't the same but aren't completely odd either :P

{{: 

That's soooo much pee! How long did you pee for?!

}}

Haha I held for longer than I would normally be able to, because I was so determined to win haha! I'm not sure probably a couple of minutes, it was one of those where it just poured out and didn't stop lol :P

{{ 

Haha, yes, well done - a well deserved and long awaited win for you! It certainly was a close one for me - I think twenty minutes turned into about forty?

Thank you, anyway :-)

}}

I remember you had a desperate, pleading look in your eye, it was great lol. Yes it was more than 40, it was at 40 when you told me you thought you'd only would have had 20

