Beanbag pleasure

Author: PeeInSpace

*000*2015-06-24 12:19

So.

Last week bought the sherlock box-set, I've already seen all of it but I wanted to watch the behind the scenes stuff, and after watching them decided I was just going to 'binge watch' all of it (Don't judge. It's my guilty pleasure ;P

In my room I have a big squishy white beanbag (The plastic-y ones) positioned infront of the TV.

At 7am I get a call from my boss telling me not to come in today as the power is down in the building, and there's not much use for the IT guy to come in when there's no IT to service. Well. I'm not complaining.

So after I'd had something to eat I made myself a coffee and slumped down into this beanbag leaning against my bed, not even bothering to change out of the boxers and generic pattern tshirt I slept in. I finished the coffee by the opening credits of episode 1. And as my housemates like to heat the house to oven temperature I got up again to grab a 2lt bottle of sparkling water and took a large gulp.

The second episode (90 mins each) started up and I noticed I had nearly drank 3/4 of the bottle if water. I didn't really have a need to use the bathroom at this point so I just finished off the bottle in sips keeping myself hydrated.

By the third episode I was starting to feel a slight pressure but no big deal. I could properly reach 'a scandel in belgravia' before it got too much.

My phone beeped "I'm outside". A text from my boyfriend. I replied "I'm in my room" and I heard the front door open and him greeting one of my housemates as he jogged up the stairs.

My door flew open and he walked over to where the beenbag was. Kissing me on the forehead before slumping on the edge of the beanbag next to me. The seat was too small to properly cuddle on. So we were more pressed together than anything. His knee was pressing gently on my bladder. Which was beginning to ache with fullness. We sat like that for the next two episodes. By the time we reached the end of the next one I was feeling a slight dribble escape. But I held it discreetly with my hand and bounced slightly. He had fallen asleep on my shoulder and i didn't want to get up and wake him. So I grit my teeth and held it in.

His phone burst into life and the shock made a spurt leak out.

"Shit I've got to get to my mother's!" he cried, standing up suddenly. He kissed me on the cheek and told me he would be back later that night.

I sighed with relief and moved myself to push myself off the beanbag, one hand on the egde. One hand gripping my crotch.

I heard my door open again.

It was my housemate.

"Uh. Don't use the toilet downstairs, I've just painted the door"

What the hell. This guy never does anything around this house and right now is the day he decides to help out?!

I racked my desperate brain through all other sanitary options. I was into omorashi and I have been for years. But this was not a planned hold. I wasn't alone. And i was starting to panic.

"Is Tara done in the shower room yet?"

He turned his head to look down the corridor

"Nope. Still dying her hair"

"Anyway. I should go. Doing the stairs next"

He shut my door behind him and I groaned loudly. Another few drops escaped.

"Maybe I should just let it go here?" I thought. If this was intentional I would have found it as kinky as fuck to wet on a beanbag, but now every breath I took was pressing down on my tiny bladder, it was more of a necessity than a niceness.

My internal monologue screamed "Wtf you can't piss on a white beanbag on carpet" but I wasn't listening. I was intentionally pressing myself to allow a drizzle to stream out. The stream got faster as it forced it's way out. It was beautifully warm and soaked through my boxers quickly.

I shivered as I felt my ballooned bladder compressing empty and the hot liquid pooling around my bum, sitting in the crease of the plastic waterproof beanbag . I audibly moaned at the relief. It was orgamisic to say the least. No deliberate hold or shower-jeans wetting could ever live up to what I was feeling sitting in my lovely little puddle. It pushed to my top wetting of all time. The first involved a bed and a discrete pee around other people. But I'll tell that one another time ;)

I felt like I was peeing for agess. The stream would slow down and then speed back up again. I closed my eyes, feeling increasing turned on by it.

By the time my now hard-on had finished leaking the last few drops out I was exhausted. I sat breathing heavily and leant my head back against the wall. Shaking slightly and feeling every drip that had pooled into the plastic. Not even the band on my boxers was dry, and my tshirt had absorbed a large amount, and had soaked up my back.

I reached under my bed not allowing any liquid to spill from the 'bowl' I had created. And pulled out a towel.

I peeled off my drenched boxers and stood up very. Very slowly. A few drips made their way into the carpet. But not too much that it would smell later or wouldn't dry.

After Patting down my legs I looked down at the beanbag. A good liter puddle was sitting in the dip. I used the towel to soak up as much as I could.

I heard the bathroom door open and took the opportunity (before checking the coast was clear) to enjoy myself for a little while.

;P

So people. Beanbags make excellent wetting locations keep this in mind

