Going with the Dogs

Author: Punk Hazardous

*000*2012-12-16 04:08

Disclaimer: This was a naughty pee. I wasn't going to wet my pants at the time only because I would have been too lazy to clean up.

Alright, it was just last night that this happened. I had been babysitting five little girls for over five hours at a family friend's house. Before I had driven over, I had used the bathroom and then had something to drink. Since I was there for so long with kids under the age of 10, I wouldn't have been able to get away so easily to a bathroom. So I held it. Through playtime, feeding, more playtime, changing, and movies. At 10:15, the last of the girls had finally gone to sleep and I was stuck with a small child laying on my bladder as I had reclined on the couch so she would sleep. I stayed like that for over an hour. Then I had to get up. I was starting to feel a pressure on my bladder, but I ignored it. I knew I could make it until the parents came home.

The parents finally came home to relieve me of my job and I chatted with them for a few minutes to explain how the night went, and proceeded on my way home. I arrived back at my mother's house to find that she, her boyfriend, and my granny had gone out and were not home. I took it in stride and called my two dogs out the front door so that they could enjoy the "freedom" that the outdoors brought. As they went about their business, I looked around and admired the quiet, dark night and how no one seemed to be up or around.

Then, a thrilling idea coursed through me. I decided I would pee right in my front yard in my neighborhood. So I scanned the area once more as a precaution, and then pulled down my pants and underwear. I squatted down and after adjusting my stance, I let go. Pure relief radiated out of me. In the cool night air, my pee was hot and hissed loudly on the grass. I could see a slight shimmer as it started to puddle around my boots. I was excited about what I did, proud even. I pulled up my pants and went inside with my dogs to tell my lovely fiance of what I had just done.

Probably didn't help that he was in a crowded bar a town away, but I did my best telling him. Well, there's my story. I was thrilled about it to no end. :) -J

