My Fourth (and Fifth) Witnessed Wettings

Author: Halflife77

*000*2013-05-27 08:20

Ack, it seems like so much time has passed since I've written down any more of my experiences. It seems that that life, unfortunately, had other plans for me but now that I've got some time I figured I'd share these experiences. For the previous parts (all titled in the same boring manner - I really need to come up with a better series title), check my profile...anyway, onto the fun stuff and sorry about all the extra detail...figured I'd include it for those that like it. Once again, be warned there is a bit of sexual content in here.

I arrived home from my time away in early September, on a warm Thursday afternoon. My mother had picked up Lindsay and the two of them met up with me at the baggage carousel. In the 2 months I'd been away, Lindsay and I had both undergone some interesting physical changes. I'd begun filling out and bulking up (accelerated by the physical labor I'd done while away), slowly beginning to resemble something masculine and Lindsay...well, her body had decided to turn her from a cute teenager into a grown, shapely woman. The first change I'd noticed is her hair had become a slightly darker shade of brown (no, she never dyed her hair...still have never figured out why this happened) and she'd had it cut off about half an inch above her shoulders, but the real noticeable changes had been with her breasts and hips. While I realize that two months seems far-fetched for such "drastic" changes, they were not such.

I'd wager that these changes were gradual and had begun months prior, they were just now becoming apparent to me for two reasons: one being that I had not seen her in a while and the second being that Lindsay had become aware of these changes and somewhat changed her style to work with/draw attention to them. When she had noticed my eying her cleavage later in the day, she went on to tell me that whilst shopping for back to school clothes, she'd discovered that her breasts were now caught between being a "full" B cup and small C cup (American sizing, for the record), seeming to vary with brands.

As for her hips...they had begun to widen, something she had noticed when she'd gone up a size and somewhat worriedly told me. I reassured her that I still found her beautiful and that her gaining weight wasn't going to bug me - as it stands, I was actually quite excited about this development as she'd begun to develop an "hour glass" figure. Which, on a side-note was something that happened within the following year.

Having become aware and told of these physical changes, I'd become rather excited and curious to see how she looked in the nude...however, that wasn't to happen until several days later. We spent the rest of that Thursday evening together, had a date on Friday night where we discussed our relationship and felt the time apart had helped us grow closer together. Saturday I spent catching up with my friends and Lindsay spent working on homework (she was a senior in high school now) so as to free her up for us to spend time together on Sunday. Seeing as both of us had become aware that we hadn't been physically intimate with one another in ~2 months, the discussion and plans for that were made Saturday evening over the phone. I once again nervously broached the subject of her wetting for me, unsure if Lindsay's opinion/enjoyment of it had changed during our time apart:

"Anything specific you want me to wear tomorrow?" Lindsay asked.

"Whatever you feel comfortable in." I replied, in an campy "cool dude" voice.

"Is that 'Rick speak' for wear something sexy?" she said, giggling.

"It's whatever you want it to mean."

"Okay, I'll wear something comfortable AND sexy."

"Do you think we could...well, you know...do that thing I like?" I asked, tripping over my own words.

"Okay...ummm..." she responded, a bit unsure.

"Okay what? Do you not like it or something?" I found myself asking, feeling bummed about pressing the activity so soon.

"No, it's just that...well, I don't know."

"We don't have to do it if you don't want to...or if you don't like it..." I said, my voice trailing off hoping she wouldn't agree with the latter half of my statement.

"Oh no, I do like it. And I like turning you on...it's just been a while and I don't know if I can do it. I mean, it's not like I practiced it!" she replied reassuringly, whilst also giggling.

A feeling of relief washed over me as we finished up our conversation and firmed up a time to get together and the layout of our plans for the following day. To save time and spare the details, we ended up getting together and going out to lunch before eventually finding our way back to my place. Lindsay fortunately/unfortunately had to pee at the restaurant we'd gone to for lunch so it was now that she decided to start filling up before we headed out somewhere to "enjoy" ourselves.

Her outfit today consisted of a white with vertical deep navy blue stripes button up shirt, on which she'd left the top two buttons undone drawing the eye into her now, more pronounced cleavage and a knee-length cream colored pencil skirt. Over her hair was a white headband running from ear to ear, and she had also chosen to wear her contacts, leading her outfit to giving her more of a girly look rather than the secretary/librarian I was used to. On her feet were a pair of all white sandals, flat-bottomed as we'd been walking around earlier in the day.

We were sitting on my couch, talking and looking over a large coffee table book when she suddenly blurted out:

"I have to pee."

Taking a second to regain my composure I asked, "How bad?"

"Not too bad but like I should get up and go use the bathroom now." she answered, before then adjusting her skirt and crossing her legs.

"Does that mean we should head out and find somewhere to be alone?" I asked, feeling that twinge downstairs indicating my beginning state of arousal.

She looked up at me, leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips. After the kiss, she backed away ever so slightly and in a low voice said "Yesss." before then uncrossing her legs and standing up.

With that, I stood up, got my shoes on and headed out the door with Lindsay a few steps behind. I took my position in the driver's seat of my family's station wagon (my car was in the shop at this point...for those wondering why I'm driving my family's car, ha!) with Lindsay taking her position to my right in the passenger's seat. I strapped myself in, put the keys in the ignition and started the car. Checking to make sure she was set and strapped in, Lindsay asked the question; "Would you mind running back in and getting me a Diet Coke?". Being fully aware of the effects of soda on her, I nodded, unstrapped myself to get out and head back in to fetch her the requested soda. Once I returned with the Diet Coke, she thanked me and popped the top on it. She took a sip before then reaching over and pulling me into another soft kiss. I shifted the car into reverse and backed out of my driveway.

We were a little worried about being discovered in our usual spot given the nice weather and the fact a lot of people were out on this particular Sunday evening, we decided to head "into the country" a bit. I knew of an old, dilapidated farmhouse that rarely anyone visited where I figured we could be alone. The driveway leading up to the farmhouse featured a decent curve, with plenty of trees to cover us from the back road it was off of. The cracked pavement of the driveway ended abruptly about 20 ft from the house in a line of tall grass.

Posted within that grass were several seriously faded "No Trespassing" signs. I parked the station wagon just before the grass and hopped out. I briskly walked around to the passenger side and opened the door for Lindsay. Her situation had worsened (or improved, depending on how you want to look at it) during the 20 minute drive to this location. She'd been sitting cross-legged, fidgeting slightly and when I opened the door to welcome her to my "castle", she announced "Okay, now I REALLY have to go." before swinging her legs out of the open door and standing up.

I pulled her slightly to the left, closed the door and then moved her fidgety self to in front of the hood of the car. I leaned down, tilted her head up with one of my hands and began kissing her. She reciprocated by increasing the intensity and passion of our kissing, before then beginning to unbutton my shirt and run one of her hands over my chest. I tugged upward on the top of her skirt and she - in typical feminine magic - easily pulled her skirt up enough to just barely reveal her panties. I took this as a cue to step between her feet, and hoist her up so she was sitting on the hood of the car. This new position allowed for our crotches to be aligned with each other, leading Lindsay to spread her legs and pull me in between them.

She wrapped her legs around me and ground her crotch against mine, leaning slightly back in the process and pulling me almost on top of her - all the while kissing me with feverish intensity. I pulled her more upright and broke from our kissing embrace. I'd become acutely aware of the heat radiating through her panties, my shorts and my boxers onto my now maximum stiffness erection, so I took this brief break to unbutton two more buttons of her shirt revealing a nude colored "full coverage" bra. Lindsay was far from being in an unaroused state by now, so she pulled me back into an embrace, kissing me as passionately as before but now grinding her crotch up and down against mine.

I broke our embrace once again, this time completely as I found myself almost having to pry myself free from her legs wrapped around me. I walked to the tail end of the car, opened the hatch and climbed in to put the rear seats down - this was to be our bed once Lindsay was through "being naughty". Climbing back out of the car, I turned to see Lindsay standing near me pulling her skirt completely up to reveal her cotton white with a dark blue polka dot and light blue rose pattern bikini style panties. She squatted down, spreading her legs to reveal her crotch to me but in a position that her ass hovered maybe 2 inches off the ground and rested somewhat against her heels. "Are you ready?" she asked, as I took a knee near her. I nodded and with that she closed her eyes.

It must've been how I was sitting, or the angle I was at because I noticed no change in the color of her panties or the glistening look I was accustomed to seeing when she began peeing into them. It prompted me to ask, "Are you going yet?". Her eyes snapped open and she said "Are you kidding?", raising an eyebrow. As I shifted my position to lean over, I noticed a stream of liquid heading down the slight incline behind her, darkening the pavement as it went. I tilted my head to the side and leaned over to be greeted to the sight of a clear stream of pee emanating from the direct center of her crotch and making a slight puddle between her sandals before then streaming down the pavement behind her.

About 15 seconds later as her stream slowed to a dribble, I moved into a more upright position. Once she finished, she stood up and turned around to seeming to admire the puddle and stream she'd made on the pavement. While facing away from me, for some reason she bent over slightly, which pushed her ass out just enough that I could now see the slight discoloration of the wet fabric. It went maybe a fifth of the way up her panties, so it was no surprise I hadn't been able to see her start going initially.

I took this opportunity to reach out and grab a handful of her ass, which must have startled her because she jumped slightly. She immediately turned on her heels, pulled me into a standing position and pushed me back against the rear bumper of the car. She quickly unbuttoned, unzipped and pulled my shorts down before then reaching into the opening on the front of my boxers to pull out my erection. She began stroking it gently, stepping into me so she could start kissing me once more. I was taken back by the sensations I was experiencing, so my hands remained at my sides.

She stopped stroking me, positioned her body directly in front of me and stood on her tip toes. She took my cock and bent it down slightly, guiding it between her legs and underneath her crotch as she took a few small steps to press her body against mine. I was greeted to the sensation of the warm, wet fabric of her panties coupled with the heat of her arousal radiating through over the top of my penis, leading me to immediately place my hands on her ass and gently guide her up and down my shaft.

She then took the initiative and pushed me down into the back of the station wagon. I pushed myself rather awkwardly on my back further into the back of the car, with Lindsay kneeling over me and walking along on her knees to place her crotch directly above mine. It was at this point she pushed my dick up toward my stomach and then began grinding her crotch along it. Once again I felt the sensation of the warm, wet fabric of her panties coupled with the heat of her vagina radiating through them, this time on the underside of my erection.

She leaned in to kiss me a bit as she was grinding, but it was a bit of an awkward position so she returned to a mostly upright position - a kind of pseudo, "cowgirl" position. Her grinding began to grow in intensity and she began mixing in mild gyrations of her hips. It was as I placed my hands on her breasts and began to massage them through her bra that I noticed she was beginning to breath heavily. I could've sworn she was uttering little moans here and there, but I wasn't all there. I was in a moment of pure bliss, being treated to a "show" of this girl whom I thought was damn near flawless, wearing a pair of panties she'd moments earlier peed through, effectively using me as her sexual gratification device - I wasn't about to complain.

I'm not sure how long it took, or how long Lindsay ground away on top of me but as her breaths grew closer together, she slowed in motion, shuddered a bit and then let out a long sigh. She leaned in, gave me a quick kiss and then climbed off of me. Taking a position laying beside me she began to jerk me off...I'd finish the story here as those details wouldn't be worth telling, but given our lack of experience, it was here that I took my own load to my face. When I was about to reach orgasm, shortly thereafter, I remember her just pointing it directly at me and I just sat there stupidly staring at it as it unfolded.

___

The fifth experience I had with wetting occurs about 3 weeks after the above experience (don't worry, it's much shorter, ha!). During these 3 weeks, Lindsay and I officially "consummated" our relationship, were interrupted by her monthly cycle and then back to it...I assume, the regular course of action for most couples once they reach that point. Needless to say, I wasn't so interested in wetting now that I had another highly pleasurable activity to enjoy with Lindsay and I hadn't really thought about it.

But like it always seems to happen, the desire came back and I brought up the subject once more. We came to realize that we had a window of "sexy time" with my home to myself on Friday afternoons, as my mother was at work until 4 and my dad wouldn't be home until after 5. If I picked her up at school once her last class was out, we'd have approximately 90 minutes for whatever we wanted to do. Plenty of time for us (if anyone wants to call in my sexual performance into question...I'm honestly not a fan of hour plus sessions of penetrative sex). She agreed that she'd wear something sexy (of course, it having to be school appropriate) and start drinking 20 minutes or so before the end of school so she'd hopefully be ready shortly after we got back to my place.

I drove my car and picked her up at school. On this day she'd gone with a knee length, tan colored cargo skirt, a snug fitting purple, short sleeve shirt rounded out with black 2 inch heels (non open toe) with short, white frilly-topped socks. She'd applied a light dusting of makeup, lip gloss and silver stud earrings and had chosen to wear her "hipster" glasses (I suppose that's what you'd call them now) in lieu of her contacts. Once seated in the car, she tossed her backpack into the backseat and closed the door. She gave me a quick peck on the cheek and started the short drive back to my house. It was at some point during the drive that I noticed she was rather fidgety and sitting with her legs tightly crossed. As we conversed, I finally changed the subject and asked outright:

"So how bad do you have to go right now?"

Taken a bit back by my bluntness and the suddenness of the comment, Lindsay regained her composure and said, "Really, really bad. Like I can't wait to just go pee."

"Jeez, how much did you drink in the last 20 minutes?"

"I didn't. I've been holding since lunch and I drank this." she said, holding up one of the mid-sized Nalgene reusable water bottles.

I could only mutter an "Oh...okay.". The conversation switched back to her telling me a bit about her day and I did my best to not be distracted by her need and actually pay attention to the topic of the conversation. I can only assume that she wanted to talk about something else to keep her mind off the pressing needs of her bladder.

When we arrived back at my place, I hopped out of the car, retrieved her backpack from the backseat and opened the door for her (what can I say, I was trying to keep chivalry alive). The moment we stepped inside, Lindsay asked,

"So where are we gonna do this?"

"The bathroom seems like the most logical place." I replied, rather dryly.

Rolling her eyes, she turned away from me and walked to the bathroom. I told her to hold on and I rushed downstairs to grab a few extra towels, since I wasn't sure what we were gonna need for clean up. Arriving back in the bathroom, I closed the door and asked, "How do you want to go?"

"I want to go sitting. Through my panties." she replied, rather chipper. She stood in the corner, her legs crossed and rocking slightly back and forth.

"Okay." I rather dumbly replied, before then turning my attention to getting some towels laid out on the floor. I still don't know why it didn't occur to me to just have her sit in the bathtub but the decision I made turned out to have its perks.

"I'm gonna go standing if you don't hurry up." Lindsay commented, her tone of voice clearly denoting her discomfort.

Once I'd finished laying out 3 layers of towels, I motioned toward the towels and Lindsay gingerly sat down on the center of them. Given the size of the bathroom and in order for Lindsay to show me what I wanted to see as well as do it from a sitting position, she had to sit with her knees slightly bent. The heels of her heels were balanced at about a 45 degree angle with the floor causing the shape of her legs and the way her knees were bent to form almost perfect triangles with the floor. When she spread her legs to give me a view up her skirt and of her panties, she now had a position similar to sitting on a gynecologist's stirrup. Her panties were light blue, cotton bikinis...one of those perfect shades to show off the wetness. As I knelt down in front her, she spoke once more,

"If I'm gonna do this...you have to do something for me."

"And that is?" I asked, mildly confused.

"I want you to be naked." she said with a smirk.

"Okay..."

I stood up, stripped down completely naked. Knowing where we'd probably end up, I took this moment to start the shower and get it all warmed up. At the sound of the water hitting the tub, Lindsay groaned and one of her hands pressed her skirt between her legs to press on her crotch. Kneeling back down once more, it was now I that asked, "Are you ready?". She shook her head, reached down her shirt and retrieved a condom that had been tucked in her bra - sly girl, she must have gotten that out while I was fetching the towels. I leaned in and gave her a kiss as I took the condom from her hand. With how excited I was, I didn't struggle too much with getting the condom on - all the inspiration I needed could be found with the view of the cute girl in front of me struggling not to pee her panties.

As soon as I had the condom on and turned my attention back to Lindsay's plight, she stopped wiggling, closed her eyes and let out a sigh. Almost immediately a dark blue wet spot appeared in the center of her panties and rapidly spread out. As soon as the wetness reached the base of her panties, it began to soak into her skirt. Initially the pee traveled quickly across the top of her skirt before beginning to quickly soak into the material. By now Lindsay was peeing full stream into her panties, indicated by the glistening line emanating from where the pee was rapidly exiting her body and running along the surface of her panties to a small pool that had now formed in the bottom of her skirt.

Soon enough though, that glistening line disappeared and the pool of pee became shallower as the pee soaked through her skirt and into the towels below. Letting out a long sigh punctuated the sensations she had just gone through, Lindsay giggled, kicked her shoes off and stood up. She'd left a rather large stain on the towels, but it was nothing compared to her skirt. The entire back of her skirt was soaked, having turned a dark brownish color. She pulled up her skirt to reveal that her panties were soaked - about 40% of the material was wet with a darker blue tint.

I don't know what possessed me in this moment, but I picked up the towels and tossed them into the shower for cleaning. I turned to see Lindsay as she stood examining the "damage" to her skirt and panties in what little part of the mirror wasn't fogged, I pulled her into a close embrace and began kissing her. It seemed she immediately went from giggly "I did something naughty" mode to a "fuck me right now, right here" mood. I started moving us toward the shower, and to my surprise, Lindsay climbed right in fully clothed. I stepped in as well, beginning to help her remove her now completely soaked clothes.

I'd continue from here but I think it's pretty obvious what happened so to save myself a bit of writing, I'll close with saying that ended up being one of the hottest sexual experiences of my life. It's a shame we never really did anything in the shower like this again.

Alright, this ended up way longer than I planned. Hopefully it isn't too laden with errors as I'm a tad out of it. If people want, I can continue regaling my experiences with this girl (there are a few other stand out ones I remember) or I can share the few others I've experienced. Hell, if people want me to shut up with them I can do that as well, haha!

