New Video: Drunk Accident in front of Toilet

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-10-01 00:26

Here's a quick one just for fun. No desperation here, just a little "drunk" mishap in front of the toilet.

Let's see, in front of toilet? Check.

Lid up? Check.

Pants unzipped? Check.

Equipment in hand? Check.

All right, we're good to go. I'm not forgetting anything, am I?

And here are two more I did afterwards, just messing around.

The first one I took immediately after, the second was several minutes later after I had filled up again.

In the second one, when I turned around with my back to the camera, I was trying to adjust myself so that my stream would go down the back of my pants and soak them too, but most of it just went down the insides.

That's interesting, I posted the second two videos as a reply, but they got merged with the first post...

Untitled8.flv

Untitled8b.flv

Untitled9.flv

*002*2012-10-04 00:21

Thanks, your positive comments mean a lot.

*004*2012-10-06 17:31

{{ 

I concur with Gotasecret: I really like your videos. Compared to others you seem to put some thought into it, and you camera placement and the quality is impeccable ;) Very nice, I especially liked the drunk wetting. You're a good actor.

}}

Thanks. I don't think I'm a good actor, but it's still kind of you to say.

I wanted to sway and stagger more, but I kind of forgot... I leaned my head on my arm against the wall as I was peeing like I was too drunk to stand up straight, but because of the camera angle you couldn't tell at all.

At least the prop bottle seemed to work out pretty well. That was birch beer though. Mmmm, birch beer...

And I do try to put more effort into these (except for the third video in this thread which I just did because I wanted to soak my pants and feel my pee all over my hands as I did it). That also means I can't be as prolific though, if I try to think up a clever scenario each time.

Getting the camera placement right can be the hardest part sometimes. Good lighting the second hardest.

*007*2012-10-16 22:41

{{ 

Wow... those vids are so hot

I especially loved the beige pants... you really soaked them completely... so nice

I was soooo waiting for you to show your dick, you tease :p

}}

Well, you can see it pretty well in the video I posted in my "choose your own adventure" thread...

