First Wetting Experience

Author: dribblyrob90

*000*2014-09-17 15:25

So I had been enjoying viewing omorashi for a while, and always loved seeing ladies pee their pants. But I had never really understood why they seemed to enjoy it so much. Until I decided to do my first full hold and wetting.

I was at work when I realised I needed to pee, as I had already drank a litre of water, a glass of juice and a cup of tea (I'm English what d'ya expect!) I was relatively full. I decided, now was the time to see what the holding was all about. I knew I had some laundry to do when I got home, and I'd be alone for quite some time. So decided to take the hold to the next level and figured I'd see it through to the bitter end.

When I got home from work my bladder was bulging, so I quickly threw on yesterday's boxers for the eventual wetting. I sat down on the sofa and started reading a few stories on here, whilst treating myself to another glass of water. I could feel my bladder was full, and it started to hurt a little. I kept fidgeting and moving around, just to keep myself comfortable. I finished my glass of water and decided it was time for another. As I stood up to go fill my glass, the pressure was too much and I leaked my first tiny little leak into my boxers. I controlled myself and stopped. However, I gained an instant erection with the moisture in my boxers.

I filled my glass and returned to the sofa, and started watching some TV. Every time I moved a tiny bit I got a pain pouring through my bladder and I instinctively grabbed my penis, and squeezed the tip in an attempt to stop the flow. Every time I was relatively successful, yet I always leaked.

After a few more leaks I decided enough was enough and I went and stood in the bath, and was ready to wait it out. I kept leaking, as my boxers got wetter and wetter. Eventually, the floodgates opened, and I felt warm pee run down my legs, over my balls and my ass cheeks. I could see the warm yellow nectar pool around my feet in the bath. After what felt like ten minutes of constant peeing and sheer bliss, I stopped peeing.

Being a novice at this I thought I was done. How wrong I was! I pulled my boxers out to inspect the damage and pee poured from me. I guess the wet boxers clinging to me were creating enough pressure to stop the pee! It poured all over me, and my boxers got wetter and wetter, clinging to my sticky wet body. The warm fluid poured round to my ass and down the backs of my legs! I was in heaven.

When I was eventually finished (after another 15 minutes of peeing, stopping, leaking, peeing...repeat) I snapped a few pics for you and then enjoyed the feeling of my wet boxers against my skin that quickly cooled, and finished the deed. Considering how horny it made me (and how horny retelling the story also has) I did not last long at all!

I enjoyed my first wetting, and can't wait to do it again!! Hope you enjoyed my story and my pictures (apologies one of them is upside down, I'm useless with technology!!)

*003*2014-09-22 14:39

Thanks guys glad you enjoyed it! I loved it, can't wait until I can hold and wet again!

