Telling the Family I'm Incontinent by Choice. Pt. 1

Author: mastersnothing

*000*2015-07-11 04:58

Master had always respected my choice to not tell my parents or my brother about the lifestyle Master and I chose for ourselves...until I got pregnant.

Two weeks ago my parents and older brother learned something very new about their Anna.

[ NON-NEGOTIABLE ]

"It's not fair, Anna - I promised you, but you're pregnant with my child and I WILL be telling your parents...or rather, YOU will." Master offered, as we walked around Best Buy, my tiny hand in His - my bladder happily releasing into my diaper whenever it wanted.

"Yes, Sir," I sighed, audibly - gaining me a disapproving look from my Owner. Out of new instinct, I placed my right palm over my growing belly and tried to feel the child within me.

Master had moved on from the discussion and I knew He wouldn't be talking to me about it again – Sir had made His decision. So, I stayed quiet - focusing on the baby and the growing diaper between my legs beneath one of the long dresses I always wore in public.

"What about this one?" Master asked, pointing to a TV he wanted to buy for the living room.

"Hmm? Oh, it's fine," I answered in a tone I immediately regretted and quickly looked to Master to judge His reaction.

Genuine pouting is NEVER allowed and I knew it.

Dropping my hand, Master turned towards me and wrapped His hand around my upper left arm. Not caring who was watching, He bunched my dress in his hands until the fabric was no longer covering my diaper...I didn't dare look around for onlookers. Noticing my diaper was full, Master nodded towards the bathroom and pointed with one hand, while tucking the front of my dress in the waist band of my diaper.

"Go in the bathroom. Take off your diaper and return to me. You have three minutes. Go."

That tone was absolutely gutting and I hurried off to the bathroom, already sobbing - ignoring any gawking expressions I rushed into the ladies room, flung off my diaper as a bit of pee dribbled down my leg; tugging my dress down around me, I almost ran to Master, standing before Him with my head down. Already my inner thighs were glistening with a new small stream, but I didn't dare move.

"Why am I angry, Anna?" Master asked through gritted teeth, looking down at me as a tiny little speck of wet formed between my feet on the ugly Best Buy carpet.

"B-be-because Your nothing started to have a hissy fit." I answered, always reverting to absolute submission when Master was angry.

"You will walk, slowly to the front entrance and you will slowly walk to the car. Stand by the car and wait for me...facing the store - if I catch you trying to hide, your punishment will be worse. Do not speak to anyone, that includes me. Go. Now."

It must have been the fear of Master's anger that caused my bladder to give up, completely - because I started gushing, and unable to stop it, I turned and slowly started walking to the exit - leaving a trail of piss behind me.

When Master finally walked outside, thirty minutes later, I was soaked, standing on a wet spot on the asphalt and so incredibly eager to make Him happy again.

Once we returned home, Master walked into the front door and waited for me to follow, stopping me to remove my dress before shoving it in my arms.

"Go to the kennel," Master commanded, making my heart sink. I HATED the kennel – "Your dress is your blanket," he almost growled, following me to the kennel (a rather large cage with plenty of room to be safe).

With trepidation, I crawed inside, laid down and covered myself with my piss-soaked dress.

Crouching down, once Master locked me in, He cradled my chin and pulled my gaze to His - a surprising gentleness in his touch, "They will love you the same," Master nodded and turned from me, shutting off the lights.

It would be a long night.

*003*2015-07-11 17:43

Thank you, very much.

Sometimes even the most devout of slaves try to rise above their station - I'm just lucky my Master is a firm, but gentle teacher.

*006*2015-07-12 03:34

Oh my goodness - you all are so encouraging. I showed Master your comments and got the best kiss ever.

