Accidental Bedwetting

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-09-14 17:50

At nine years old, I felt like such a big kid. I was in the "intermediate" part of the elementary school, I chose my own clothes, and I had not wet my bed in several years, probably not at all in my memory.

One night, I fell asleep fully dressed in my jeans and tee shirt. This was not uncommon for me. I was wearing dark jeans, somewhat loose, white panties with fall-colored leaves all over, and this shirt that was just one piece, but it had a layer in front that was gray striped, and a black part that snapped in front to make it look like a cardigan type thing. This was the early 2000s and it was a hand me down, so think mid to late nineties.

Anyway, I was laying in bed asleep. I dreamed I was taking a shower, all warm and cozy. I realized I needed to pee, so I let go. Everyone pees in the shower, right? The water hitting me always makes me need to go, and this time felt no different, so I did. Something didn't feel right, though. I was no longer feeling the warm shower water on my hair and back, but only between my legs. I woke in a panic and shot up, clenching and clamping together my legs.

I hadn't peed a lot. The crotch of my pants were wet, maybe to the size of a softball, but not a lot of damage was done. Nothing got on my sheets or blankets. Still panicking at the thought of getting caught, I pulled the jeans and panties down and shoved them under my bed. I used a towel to wipe off, still feeling a little "yucky." I got dressed and went downstairs.

My mom caught me on the way down. My heart was racing and I was sweating and nauseous, thinking that somehow, surely she knew. All she said to me that morning was "Oh, you're already dressed?"

I didn't know what to do with the wet clothes under my bed. Eventually, one day maybe a few weeks or a month later as I was gathering laundry from my room, I stumbled upon them, remembering what I'd done. I blushed and felt the pants. The were dry and they didn't really smell. I put them in the laundry with the rest of my clothes, and nothing was ever said.

