Wetting at the Library

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2012-07-14 05:55

So, I moved to a new town last week after spending a couple of weeks with my aunt and uncle. We did not have internet yes, but the laptop functioned, so I decided to walk down to the library to see how everything was going with my online frinds and whatnot. Well, that didi not take as long as I thought, and I had to pee a good deal, so I thought I would drop by this site and see how much time I could kill and see if I could work myself up to doing something fun.

It took a little longer than expected, honestly, and I did not find much room for posting, but after watching a few long videos and drinking far more than I should have, I felt a drizzle into my pants and knew the time had come. So I stowed away my laptop and left the area I was in....it was carpeted, and I am not that mean. I slowly walked towards the stairs, letting out the occasional squirt, and when I started walking down them, the pressure grew to an electrifying intensity. Fortunately, I was wearing black jeans, so nobody noticed the trail growing further and further down my legs as I walked.

At the bottom of the stairs I was on the verge of flooding my jeans, but frantic clenching pushed downt the urge to something mre tolerable. A girl walking past me, who porbably about 11 or so, noticed my clenching and stared as she passed, but otherwise gave no indication that she nticed anything. She did not glance downwards mroe than once, so I will assume my black jeans spared me her full notice of my situation.

After regaining some semblance of control and loosing her eye, I walked as calmly as I could towards the nearest restroom, which was, disgustingly enough, not very far away. It was, however, vacant, so I walked into the nearest stall, fighting as hard as I could, the bathroom having set me off to more desperate levels, and shut the door. I could have probably whipped around and peed in the toilet, but where si the fun in the that? So I bent down to rip off my left show, and it was scarcely off when my bladder heaved out a torrent of pee.

My right shoe was not as lucky as my left, bgut I managed to not drench it completely in what was one of the most enjoyable wettings of my life. The puddle had spread beyond the stall when the door opened, and the guy, after just a couple steps, hastily retreated. I took this as a good sign and frantically masterbated, flushed, and left.

The walk home was interesting, as it was about 100 degrees outside, and my pants were almost dry when I got home. I blamed what wetness there was on sweat and sprinlers when my sister noticed, adn I hastily changed out of my clothes. My shoes...they were doused in baby powder and are pretty much as good as new. Odor free, anyways. Regardless, I am planning on doing something else soon, but have little idea as to what.

*003*2012-07-16 06:31

{{:

Haha awesome. I haven't peed myself in the library, but have walking back to the dorms from it! I have these awesome rainproof pants that I wear over my jeans, that keep my jeans dry if it's rainy (I go to school in Seattle so it's rainy a lot!) and they keep the outside dry if they get wet from the inside :D. So if I ever get caught short somewhere or feel like having fun when I'm wearing them I can just go. So I wear those pants a lot!

}}

That is a pretty brilliant practice you have there

