Webcam fun

Author: Lips

*000*2012-05-27 05:53

Well..besides i was hesitant posting this (im hesitant about almost everything...bad habit >_<)..I'm kinda late posting this, as it happened weeks ago.

So. my good friend (okay..my ex bf..but we're good friends still) and I (let's call him Jake - not his real name lol) was on webcam, and he wanted me to hold (he's into omorashi too) so I was in the mood to hold, so I agreed. so I was holding, it wasn't bad..enough, so i drank a few cups then an hour went by and I was feeling desp, but not desp enough to make a lot of movements. after about 15-30 mins of chatting, Jake asked If I could put on my nurse uniform O-o. and I agreed to it. after I finished dressing and what not, I did feel desperate though..so while i got back to my chair, I felt more desp. so I was crossing legs, squirming, etc.and he kept drinking soda in front of me! >_< which didn't help at all lol.

So while all that going on, he said "just let it go" and I typed "nuuuuuuu!!! >.<" he typed "well..you can't hold on forever." and this went on for about 10 mins, when I decided to let it go.so Jake told me to position my camera in fron ot my panties, which I did, and he said release...and I spread my legs to try and released..but then my bladder decided that it didn' want to..and him staring intently didn't help o.o... so fater 5 mins of it freezing up on me. it finally relaxed and...well, you can already guess this part :3

Hope you enjoyed my story, this is my first time writing my real life experience of omorashi so I'm sorry this isn't a good enough story >_<

*002*2012-05-27 06:01

{{:

Very cool story :D

I'm surprised that you would dress up for you boyfriend, very cool! makes me want a girlfriend so I can dress her up too~

}}

Lol well he's actually my ex-boyfriend..don't worry, we didn't end on bad terms lol amd he's about the only bf i had who knew about ym secret fetish !

And that would be awesome! :D

*004*2012-05-27 06:05

{{ 

Yeah, it's really fun to wet for someone on cam~

At least from my experience. However, I have no one to share with now...

}}

Hmm..what do you mean you have no one to ashre it with -..ohhhhh... I'm sorry ><

