One memory I'd like to share

Author: M1ndblow

*000*2013-07-25 08:38

Hello! Since for some reason the introduction-forum is gone, my first post is going to be right here.

First of all: I am so glad to have found this community! When searching the internet for that specific kind of pornography I always had the feeling of beeing a complete freak and maybe the only person in the world who gets turned on by that. So I'm really looking forward to get in touch with people of the same interest to share this passion that I don't share with anyone else. Not because I want to date anyone (I've read your guidelines ) but because I really feel the need to talk to people who can understand that! Ok, I hope don't sound too pathetic right now, but I just wanted to let you know...

Most of my experiences with wetting are related to my childhood. One story I clearly remeber is a trip to the beach when I was at the age of 8 years or so. I went there with my mom and my aunt. I'd always had this arousing feeling when just thinking about peeing my pants, but I was way too anxious to just do it. "Someone might notice", I kept on telling myself, so I would take any opportunity to be naughty when nobody possibly could tell. Trips to the beach were perfect for my intentions. I could not only pee my pants in the water, which actually started to bore after some time, but I was going to commit the perfect crime. 

First I was waiting for a couple of hours and I drank a lot of water until I could feel the need to go quite badly. Then I went swimming and when I got out naturally my trunks were wet. So I went back to my towel but sat in the sand instead. I started to pretend to be playing, by digging a hole in the sand and shoveled the sand up against my crotch. When it was covered completly it felt really good, just like some kind of diaper. And then, all of a sudden, I let go. I could feel the sand getting wetter and wetter and an enormous satisfaction overcoming me. I looked around and I knew that noone could possibly tell what I was doing. As soon as I had finished I stood up with my trunks soaking wet and sand sticking to them, and of course all the people would assume it was water.

I hope you liked my story and I'll post another one someday if you like.

