Right after waking up

Author: DezzyBlack

*000*2013-10-26 16:42

(I'm new here and I have no idea what I'm doing. Please don't hate me.)

I have a terribly weak bladder, can't go to sleep without peeing and often wake up to go to the toilet, but I don't remember ever bedwetting. One of my favorite things to do is to pee in bed while perfectly awake.

The best thing about my bed is that it's made of faux-leather. It may not be as fun as peeing into a mattress, but it also means I can pee there as often as I want to without having to worry about cleaning. I just have to wipe everything, change the sheets and make sure I'm the one doing the laundry that day.

On the rare occasions when I wake up early on a weekend and manage to fall back asleep without going to the toilet, I'll wake up around 11 or 12 having to go so bad that if I were outside wearing a tight enough pair of jeans, I'd just lose it. When I'm already that desperate, I like to lie on my stomach and try to let it trickle for a second at a time. Sometimes it works and I manage to stop without letting more than a few drops of pee out, sometimes the flow gets just a bit too strong and I can't stop in time and there's a wet spot by the time I've succeeded.

It doesn't really matter, because I still have to pee and the bed will end up wet either way. I always know that I could make it to the toilet, but my favorite times are the ones when I try to relax just a tiny bit to let the first trickle out, and instead, my body lets it all gush out at once. Then I'm peeing a full stream into the sheets and even though only a three or four seconds pass by the time I can even try to stop, it feels like everything's already soaked. I leave my hands where they are, hugging the pillow, and my eyes are usually closed, but I clench my muscles as hard as I can and all it does is slow the stream for a second or two. The best part is when my muscles gradually unclench all by themselves, like my body knows it needs to keep peeing and nothing in the world can make me stop for the next minute. Then I don't even need to relax, because I already am despite myself, and I just lie there and keep soaking the sheets.

I want to get myself to that state once, and then get up, drink a big bottle of water and go back to bed. It shouldn't be that hard, I'm always dehydrated in the morning (actually, I'm always dehydrated anyway, that's why I can't seem to get through coach rides without at least a close call). I just want to see what it would be like to actually lose control in my bed instead of starting deliberately.

*002*2013-10-26 22:58

{{:

Believe me. There is no one like that on this site. I'm not even joking, everyone here is so nice it burns.

}}

It's probably because they filter the mean people out.

*007*2013-10-31 16:04

{{:

In my experience, planning to simply lose control is very difficult... At some point, I just give in because I want to, but I certainly still had control over it. I guess the exception to that is bladder torture, but this is getting off topic.

Maybe your bladder is weak enough to lose control, I dunno. I've talked to very few people on this subject, so my only real frame of reference is my own experience.

}}

I've done it before. Most times, it just hurts a lot for hours and I don't actually feel that I'm about to pee myself so I drop it, but sometimes I can go from nothing to holding myself in an hour. It depends on stupid things like whether I've drank caffeine, where I am on my menstrual cycle and... the weather...?

