Overheard confessions

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-17 07:03

I have been thinking back over the times when women have spoken freely about being desperate or actually wetting themselves, and have come to the conclusion that such situations happen a lot more than we might realise. I have listed below several such instances where I have either overheard a woman telling others or have been told directly myself.

Overheard (My next door neighbour’s wife at a New Year party telling two other neighbour’s wives about her experience that New Year’s eve when her, her husband and some friends were stuck in a snowdrift on a country road in a taxi for over two hours. ) “It was awful. I had been drinking cider and it just goes straight through you! What could I do.” The ladies who were listening were nodding their heads and making sympathetic noises much to the extent that they fully realised the severity of the predicament the woman had been in. They obviously had experienced a similar situation at point, but none volunteered to tell about it, at least not that I heard. The neighbour’s wife who had been in the taxi didn’t actually admit to having wet herself, but by what she said and the manner in which she said it I’m pretty certain she did. After that I kept a close watch on the laundry on the clothes line to see if I could spot any knickers with stains on, but never noticed any.

Told to me (Voluntarily told to me by a female workmate when I was giving her a lift to her bus stop one day after work. She was early thirties, married with two kids. She was a very sweet woman with a pretty face. She was a bit chubby, but not overly so and had hip joint problems which made her limp badly.) “Oh, there’s the King’s Hotel. A foreign sailor tried to chat me up in there last week end. I had been put giving a cosmetics party and had drunk a lot of tea. On the way back I realised I really needed the loo and knew I would never make it home. I could have stopped somewhere quiet in the country, but I wouldn’t have managed very well with my hip problems. 

When passing through town I saw the King’s Hotel and thought I would nip in there to the bar, buy a soft drink and use the loo. I bought Coke and was on my way to the loo when a foreign sailor stopped me and tried to chat me up! I couldn’t get away from him and by the time I got to the loo I was really desperate. Imagine! Me being chatted up by a foreigner.!” I laughed with her at the thought, but secretly wished I had been there to see her desperation. We both left the firm soon after and went our separate ways, but the memory of that tale sticks in my mind, as does the fact that she was so open about it to me.

The next two were told to me by another, younger, female workmate. She was from a difficult background, and had difficulty with her favoured boyfriend due to his parents’ lack of acceptance of her. She responded well to kindness though and I would often give her a lift home after work. One day she told me that she had been out in the car with her boyfriend and some others when she needed to pee. She asked him to stop at the toilets in the next village, but he didn’t do so, telling her there were none there. She said by the time they got to town and she reached a toilet she was nearly going in her knickers., and barely made it in time.

Another day she told me that she had been with her boyfriend at a shed on an industrial estate where he was fixing his sailing boat. She started to need to toilet badly and then to her horror found out there was none in the building. She had to go outside in the long wet grass, and commented that her legs were so wet after walking though it that she might as well have peed herself.

We went out together briefly after she eventually gave up on her former boyfriend, and as he seemed to have been a bit of a pratt I tried to be kind to her. She could be really sweet, and of all the women I have been close to she was the most promising as far as the possibility of a wetting went, although she never did it with me and we never talked about it directly. The closest she got was one night when we were parked up looking out over the town. We were cuddling and petting, but nothing too serious when she announced she needed to pee. 

Being a gentleman and remembering how her previous boyfriend had treated her, I offered to take her back to the toilets in town, but she said “No. It’s okay. I don’t think I could wait that long. I’ll just go behind the wall over there.” Sure enough she did, and she seemed so at ease about it that I got the impression she was experienced about having to go outdoors. Sadly we broke up shortly after, and we both went our separate ways. We both eventually married and had family, but when I bump into her from time to time she is still as sweet as ever and the memories come back.

Overheard (A sixth form girl telling her mates about a weekend spent at a relative’s country home.)

“We went to barn dance near the village. There were lots of boys there and everyone had loads to drink. My cousin Judy was really bad. She drank too much beer and pissed herself outside the hall. Her knickers were soaking for the rest of the night.”

These are just a few of the situation I can recollect, but it raises the question that there must be many such situations arise , even on a daily basis. I have not been fortunate enough to witness much in the way of desperation or even less regards wettings, but I always keep my eyes open in case.

