Confidentials #1

Author: Blackheart

*000*2011-06-21 01:40

I'm not sure what triggered me to be into this sort of thing. I guess I had a pretty normal childhood, if somewhat emotionally isolated. But, however it began, I had a fascination with accidents (Both pee and poo) even before I was anything close to sexually awake. I remember being intensely fascinated by a girl at my day care wetting herself. The feeling of losing control myself when I was at nap time once with a babysitter. The mere fact that these memories remain so vivid with me is significant.

The first time, however, that really "counts" would be in the eighth grade. I was, like so many other newly minted teens, aroused at the drop of a hat. I was also increasingly depressed and introverted, so I never had any luck with girls. Ever. That I moved away from my friends and family at the end of the 5th grade made it even harder, as I went to a new school, with none of my old friends.

That didn't stop me from having crushes though. One girl in particular, I'll name her Dani, was dark-haired, slightly dark skinned, and quite beautiful. She was friendly to me, but ultimately just a glorified acquaintance. Still, one day in particular makes me remember her.

We had been in a play together, as good as one can be for a middle school shindig. She and I both had lead parts in A Midsummer Night's Dream. (Odd, I know. I had no problems playing anything behind a mask, but without one I was terrified). It happened during our second performance. The theater, you see, was kind of separated from the school a bit. It was a nice auditorium, but there were no bathrooms close by, and no water fountains. After the first night, when a lot of us complained about getting really thirsty running back and forth in heavy costumes, our instructor brought a case of water bottles to this show.

Ah, yes, my fellow practitioners. You see where this is going.

For the majority of the players, a lot of water and distant bathrooms weren't a problem. You have to go, you just make a run when you have a break. But for Dani, playing a lead part, she didn't have that luxury. In fact, her only break during the show was taken up by a costume change for the second half. She was fine during the first part of all of this night. When I'm focused, I didn't usually key into my normal teen youth habits of staring and uncontrollable erections. But when she started complaining of needing to pee when she was making her costume change, she had my full and complete attention.

I'll paint a picture for you: Flawless dusky skin against a white, ethereal dress. Hair done up in waves. Somewhat conservative, but altogether accentuating tights and leotard on her legs underneath. The outline and color of black panties underneath. She sat as the white corset top of the dress was done up, and the trap was set. A complex dress, held together with a laced prison. I suddenly was sweating a little bit more.

The night progressed, as did her desperation. But the lights and the running kept her drinking. And I waited, watching. It was subtle; it had to be. There were few places for privacy, and she had to be on her game. When she sat, you could tell. Legs bouncing, hands in her lap, surreptitiously holding herself. It was unnoticeable to my compatriots, but keyed in as I was, I reveled in each exquisite movement. The breaking point came near the end, with her and I waiting in the dark while long monologues were spewed forth, and bit pieces played. In the umbra I saw her eyes squeeze tight, a tiny gasp elicited. 

She bent over slightly, before managing to regain her composure. For my part, I played the fool well: Further in the shadows as I was, she couldn't see my eyes as well. I stood straight forward, as if rapt by the play. My eyes were obsessed, my mind bewitched. But the body played the part, and she was none the wiser, as she quietly crept away, retreating to the only place further down that dark corridor: The prop room.

My mind raced. My hormones might be controlling my goals, but my brain still called the shots. I had a legitimate excuse to go look for her - she'd be on right before me. And though we had some time, our cues weren't too far from now. I sidled by, as a ray a light cut the the shadow in half from the entrance to the prop room. I put a hand on the door, gently, testing the mettle of our maintenance crew and praying it'd been oiled. My light push was rewarded with a silent gliding, allowing me to look into the room. Many props, some older than I was, littered this glorified closet. But the object of my attention was at the center.

Scrambling with desperation, Dani stood trying to get the corset of her costume off to no avail. She had raised her dress up in anticipation, exposing her grey-white leotard and tights. As my eyes trailed up her shaped legs, my breath caught where they met. Her ass was beautiful. Round and firm, its shape highlighted by the leotard. Her sex was just barely outlined in it, but what made my heart skip a beat was the obvious wet spot that had appeared there. As she squirmed and frantically tried to get the dress off, the world slowed down around me. The sounds of the actors and music became dull, unimportant. The light in the prop room brightened, gave focus to the desperate girl center stage, giving the performance of her life. But like many tragedies, our heroine failed in her goal.

Slowly she lost control. With a whimper she stiffened, and the wet spot bloomed a little more. Redoubling her efforts, she clawed at the back of the corset to no avail. A trickle of golden liquid snaked down her leg, leaving its darkened mark on her tights. Then another. And another. Suddenly, the wet spot bloomed out again, and with a jerk she fell into a partial squat, then peeing in earnest. As the dam burst her leotard bulged outward slightly before the liquid squirted out in a heavy stream, cascading between her legs with a patter on the concrete floor. The puddle grew outwards, as she still struggled to control herself, splashing quietly with her shoes.

Finally, she gave up and squatted there, gushing uncontrollably. The outline of her pussy became visible as the tights and leotard turned transparent, and made me dizzy with lust. As her stream died down, I, aroused new teenager as I was, couldn't help but touch myself through my pants. I hadn't anticipated the state I was in, and came uncontrollably myself at the threshold of the door, just barely able to keep from making a sound. I swear to this day that I nearly blacked out momentarily. What little consciousness remained had a thrill of terror at being discovered, either by Dani or someone else, but the rest of me was on another plane.

Though this seemed to go on forever, in the panic-laced afterglow of the orgasm I realized only a few seconds had really passed. Dani still stood there, as if in shock, breathing heavily. But she was resourceful, and the shock soon turned to determination. Checking her dress to see if it was wet, she turned around and I backed away from the door so she couldn't see me. Realizing where I was, I knew we only had a minute or so until our cues, so I made an effort at walking loudly to the door, quietly calling out her name. I was greeted with her face as I reached the door, red-faced and obviously upset but held in a mask of feigned innocence. I wondered vaguely if mine was something the same. I asked her what she was doing, that we were almost on, to which she replied that she had to fix her costume. I nodded and didn't press it, walking beside her as we made it, just barely, to our entrance. To her credit, she did wonderfully.

In the aftermath of it all, to my knowledge she escaped with her crime unknown; the janitor chalked the puddle up to a leak (Invading our school by the dozens at the time), and she remained in her costume as she left. To this day though, I think about her. Fantasize even. But this experience was only the beginning for me.

*013*2011-07-26 17:57

Thanks for the support! :D

