My long distance boyfriend, who isn't into omo, encouraged me to hold on Skype with him!

Author: KrisAbyss

*000*2015-04-20 13:16

I've been in a long distance relationship with my boyfriend for about 3 weeks. I knew going into the relationship that he's a very sexual person, and so am I. A night or 2 before we started officially dating, we had a long conversation about sex and fetishes and all sorts of related things. I ended up telling him about my omorashi fetish, and not only was he not weirded out, but he had heard of it before from an ex-something (fwb maybe?) who was into it. He told me he would totally indulge me in my fetish, but we hadn't gotten a chance to yet, until tonight.

We were watching youtube videos together on Skype when he noticed my voice got different, and he knows me well enough to tell my emotions by my voice. I admitted that I needed to pee and was considering whether to go or not, cause I wanted to mess around on skype but I wasn't sure if he did and I wasn't sure if he'd want me holding and basically there was a lot of babbling. Well, he apparently understood and answered my question by switching the youtube video to a porn site he liked and telling me to fill up my water bottle. :D Finally, what I'd been waiting for for weeks was gonna happen.

The beginning was just watching porn and me drinking water. About an hour in I turned on my cam (also a first) and soon after that we turned off the porn :P. He says he worries that he was "cluelessly fumbling" but... damn. He was so dominant, telling me when I could touch myself and when I couldn't, telling me to press on my bladder, making me do interesting yoga positions... I loved it. And he didn't have his cam on but by his voice, I could tell he was also really enjoying it, even though he's not into omo by itself.

I don't want to give too many details but I do want to say that while I'm not so much into wetting, I did leak. Like, a lot. I'm glad I grabbed a towel when we started because my bladder was ridiculously full by the time we'd finished. I mentioned that I didn't get as much urge as painfully full bladder, and that holding a few days in a row helps me feel more of a pleasurable urge while not being too full. And he said that I am to hold until I'm nearly wetting myself every night for the next 3 nights, and that on the 4th night we'll have some fun :D I'm definitely looking forward to that.

I know this story wasn't too long or detailed but I had a whooole lot of fun tonight, and I really wanted to share. I'm excited because he's the first boyfriend of mine to actually incorporate omorashi into our sex life just because I like it. Only one of my exes knew I liked omo. I mentioned it once, he seemed weirded, we never talked about it again. So I'm so glad that he totally accepts this and is willing, and would even enjoy, encouraging my holds.

*002*2015-04-26 03:52

So, the other day was interesting. He had set some rules for me to follow whether he's around or not: drink one bottle (650ml/21oz) of water every 3 hours, I can only use the bathroom when I wake up and at 12 and 6, and no orgasms unless he says I can. Welllll I broke that last one. He decided I had to be punished. He upped my water intake to a bottle every 2 hours and ordered me to do a video game stream. (We met on Twitch, we both stream.) He had me start the stream at 11:15 and said I had to stay on for 2 hours, taking a sip of water every time I take a hit of damage, and with a vibrator in my panties. That vibrator ended up running out of batteries about an hour in, but that's when my bladder started to get really full. I had my webcam and microphone on, and my normal viewers were watching, so I had to keep my composure and not let on the fact that I was horny as fuck and dying for a piss.

Plus, he kept sending me text messages, taunting me about how hard it must be to keep aaaaalll that pee in and not let anything slip with my face or voice. I kept my composure relatively well, up until the last half hour. I had to pee so badly! I was shifting around and trying to keep my face neutral. But my desperation was distracting me from the game, which means I started playing worse and getting hit more, so I had to drink more. I stopped drinking altogether the last 20 minutes because I was scared I was gonna piss myself on my bed. 

I was rushing through the game just trying to get to the end, constantly glancing at the clock. Every muscle was tensed, and I kept having to move my laptop to change how I was sitting. (He later said that I was pretty subtle but he could really tell it was getting to me.) Finally my time was up, I said goodbye quickly and exited out of the stream. (Turns out my stream crashed about a minute before I said goodbye, so it looked like I just quit out as soon as time was up.)

I called him on Skype as soon as the stream ended. It was such relief to even be able to dance around and be obvious about how badly I had to pee. He teased me about the stream for a couple minutes, but he finally FINALLY allowed me to touch myself. Slowly. Usually he teases me slowly and doesn't let me get any relief for hours, but omg... both of us were so horny that that ended like, 20 minutes later. (I love the fact that, even though he's not into omo, seeing me so desperate turned him on so much.) And finally, when I was bursting and nearly wetting myself (I had already leaked a bit at this point), he let me go to the bathroom. Omg it felt amazing, so relieving.

That punishment was... definitely punishing, in the beginning, but so satisfying. I uhh... broke another of his rules today (whoops) so I can only imagine what punishment he has in mind for next time.

