I lost control

Author: Mami1228

*000*2013-06-29 22:17

Hi guys. I'm so happy to have found this site. For years now I have been so turned on by desperation and wetting it's so nice to find a place where people understand it.

Since I have a short memory I'll share an experience I had just a few weeks ago. I was out with my friends at a bar/comedy club. We went to the "late" show and afterwards everyone has to leave the venue because the bathroom is located in the performance space which closes after a show. However, a friend of mine knew a couple of the comedians so we were allowed to stay inside and use the bathroom if we needed to. I should probably mention that at this point it was maybe 2am and I had been drinking all afternoon/evening/night. Mostly vodka and club sodas which is my drink of choice. Drinking always makes me have to pee so bad it's so annoying to have to keep going to the bathroom and sometimes wait in line, I wish it was okay for everyone to just wear a diaper when they drink. Anyway, I should also probably tell you that I was wearing black leggings with sandals and a blouse-ey tunic type of top that went down to about mid-thigh.

I did use the bathroom one time while we were at the bar. My friends and I were having so much fun with the comedians that I didn't even notice the time, and before I knew it my last train out of the city back to my home in the suburbs was in only 20 mins and I had to leave right then if I was going to make it. So I didn't get to use the bathroom again before I left and I already had to pee from all the drinking. I didn't have time to take a subway so I said bye to my friends and grabbed a cab to the train station. The whole ride to the train station I was squirming a little bit but I honestly didn't even think I had to pee so bad. The train station closes their bathrooms after midnight but I knew the train had bathrooms on so I thought I would be okay.

The cab ride wasn't very long and I got out and paid and started walking up the block to the train station entrance. That's when all of a sudden the pressure increased so much out of nowhere. I think my being drunk just totally lowered any normal bladder control I would have when I was sober. I started having to clench my thighs together harder as I was walking toward the escalator that led down into the train station. I had to ride it down because if I tried to walk down I would definitely have peed. 

As I rode down I smushed my hand between my legs and did that kind of squat/butt wiggle thing most girls do when they have to pee. Honestly I didn't even care who saw and I don't even remember taking notice of who saw me because I didn't care at that point, my need to pee was so great. The station wasn't very busy because of the hour but it wasn't empty either. I had a few of those awesome shivers that feel like tiny orgasms through my privates, I love that feeling. I wanted to actually hold on to that feeling as much as possible so I really didn't want to pee myself right there and embarrass myself.

I got down to the bottom of the escalator and started walking down a long corridor to get to the sign that tells you what track your train is on. I think all the walking is what finally did me in. Right as I approached the timetable sign I suddenly felt a tiny burst of pee leave a small wet patch on the crotch of my leggings. I gasped and squeezed my thighs together harder and shoved my hand harder between them. I bounced a few times but I knew because of my lowered inhibitions from drinking and by how strong the pressure felt I was going to lose it. I saw my track number but I couldn't even move to go get on my train. It was leaving in only 5 minutes, if I didn't hurry I would miss it and be stuck in the station for 2 more hours. 

I clenched and tried to step forward but all of a sudden the damn burst. As I was squeezing my legs together the pee just started coming out. No matter how hard I squeezed or jammed my hand up it just kept coming out through my squeezed together pee hole. It ran all the way down my legs and splashed on the floor and on my feet. It wet my entire crotch. There was nothing I could do but stand there. I'm so lucky nobody else was looking at the sign right then so nobody that I know of actually saw the pee come out. But I could be wrong, my drunken memory is a little fuzzy. I do remember that even though my heart was pounding and I was panicking it also felt amazing, all that pee just running out with nothing I could do about it.

Believe it or not I still didn't finish peeing then. Somehow I got it under control before my entire leggings got wet. Just the inside of my crotch and a little bit of my butt was wet but I think because of the way I was standing the rest of the pee went down the inside of my leggings and my tunic covered the wet spot on my crotch. It also helped that my leggings were black. I held my purse lower down the middle of my legs so maybe some people wouldn't notice. I ran down the steps to the track and got on the train and sat down in a window seat and put my purse on my lap.

I immediately had to pee more and I spent the rest of the train ride with my thighs clenched and my eyes closed, focusing on the good feelings that holding my pee were giving me instead of the pain. A whole bunch of different sexy images flowed through my imagination to help me pass the time of the 40 minute train ride. I had goosebumps all over my arms the entire time. I needed to get through this train ride to make it off the train at my stop so that I could pee outside, because I love peeing outside. I could have used the bathroom on the train but I had a certain amount of control so I didn't want to give in and miss my chance.

The second my train reached the station I ran off onto the platform. I let anyone else who got off at my stop walk ahead of me. I knew I was going to burst again at any minute so I didn't want anyone to be behind me. As I was walking down the platform I was getting excited about peeing again outside. I kept thinking of different places I could do it, I considered just letting go and wetting my leggings again right there on the platform. But since I had to get in my car and my leggings had dried a little bit by then I didn't want to wet them again. I considered sitting down on the stairs and pulling my leggings down and letting go but I didn't know if someone would see me. 

I took the stairs down to the parking lot and started walking toward my car which was parked far away, about a five minute walk. I couldn't take it any more and I knew I was going to pee myself again if I didn't hurry and find a spot to let go. I found a row of ticket machines that were next to a large parked truck and I felt like that was a good semi-hidden spot. I felt a small burst as I prepared to pull down my leggings, I got them down just in time and squatted and peed the most I think I've ever peed in my life. It was incredible, I just squatted there and it just kept coming and coming out with no end. It made a nice big puddle and started to make an impressive river down the sidewalk.

Once I was done I stood up and pulled up my leggings again. I was laughing a little and smiling so big, I felt so good. I started walking toward my car and believe it or not when I got there I had to squat one more time by my drivers side door and let out a little bit more pee. I was astonished how much pee I had inside me, I don't even know where it all came from. Finally I was able to get in my car and drive the few blocks home. The first thing I did was take my clothes off and jump in the shower and rinse off and then I masturbated and came a few times so hard just thinking about what a crazy night I had just had.

I hope you liked this story, I'm not sure how many stories here are made up but this was 100% true. You guys have given me the courage to admit my fetish and I have plenty of accident stories since my bladder is so weak. I've never wet on purpose until a couple of days ago when I put on the same pair of (now clean) black leggings and peed myself in the shower. It felt amazing to recreate my accident experience and enjoy it. The picture in my avatar is from holding myself before that happened. I didn't take a video but I took some pictures afterwards so maybe I will share those later.

*006*2013-07-04 00:13

Thank you all so much for the warm welcome and nice comments on my story! I'm sorry it has taken me so long to reply. This is taking some courage but attached here are the pictures of the wetting I mentioned at the end of my first post. I'm sorry they aren't so good, remember it was my first time! ;) At first I had planned to wait until it was late enough and go outside and wet. But I got tired of waiting and fell asleep and the next thing I knew it was morning! I waited another hour or so to see how long I could hold it. Finally I got in the shower and just let lose. It felt so much better than I ever imagined to just let all that pee go down my legs and around my crotch. I've definitely peed naked in the shower before but the leggings changed the feeling completely.

Since then I've tested my bladder a couple more times to see just how desperate I could really get. I sat with a rolled up towel under me and held it so long I had tears coming out of my eyes. It felt so good I didn't want to stop. When I finally wet it was definitely because I HAD to and had no choice any more. Oh man, that felt so good I love just thinking about it!

I will try to think of more stories of actual accidents I've had over the years. Most of them happened when I've been drinking, so a bit blurry, but I want to be authentic so I'll do my best to remember the details. I'll make another post soon!

