I would Not Admit To Debbie I Needed to Pee Badly

Author: wettingman

*000*2014-11-06 02:18

My recent post about my male friends accident as well as Lily1985’s requests for stories of our younger days, made me wonder if I had any stories I had not posted. Reminiscing about those times long ago reminded me about a couple of incidents involving myself and then girlfriend Debbie.

This is what happens when I would not admit I needed to pee to someone who always held it .I had long resisted admitting I needed to pee, suffered because of it. Debbie, as some may recall from my Desperate Debbie stories frequently held her pee to the last minute. This first story occurred in late April when we were both 17. It was the first ‘Earth Day’ here in the US where people gathered to clean up the environment. It was a pleasantly warm spring day. We met at a local park that we were assigned to, to participate but no one else showed up. We waited around for a while, but around 9:30 AM, decided to walk to the next town up, about 5 or 6 miles away to see if anything was happening there (this was well before cell phones). I already needed to pee.

It took us about an hour and a half to travel the distance between where we lived and the next village where Debbie had a close friend. Before we got to the town, my need to pee had become acute. My bladder ached and I could feel strong pressure in my penis. There was a wooded area just south of our destination. I told Deb I wanted to leave the road and go into the woods, to look at something in there, but the real reason was I was desperate to pee. I also wanted her to see me pee, but mainly I just needed relief. We went into the woods, came upon a waterfall, making my need to pee feel even more desperate, but in the end I chickened out, and continued holding.

The Earth Day activities forgotten .We proceeded to her friend’s house. This was fine with me because by this time I needed to pee badly and didn’t wish to be out where there was no place to go.

I remember going through her friend’s house and passing the bathroom and desperately wanting to duck in there and pee. If Debbie went pee then I likely would have gone too. But, she did not; and I was embarrassed to admit my need, when she could somehow avoid going. So, I just kept holding it.

She decided to stay longer at her friend’s house, but I had to return home, so I caught a bus around 2:30 PM for the ride back to my home town. By this point I had been holding my pee for about five hours. As I sat on the bus I began to seriously regret not peeing when I had the chance. I had a large, strong bladder and usually am capable of holding my pee for a long time, which although painful, I was normally able to avoid an accident.

However now I genuinely started to worry that I was going to wet my pants. I had not done that in years. My severely distended bladder was extremely painful. I could tolerate that but, more worrisome my penis hurt also and there was strong pressure at my pee hole. I thought I was 17, too old to be holding myself in public, so I tried not to. But as my trip , which I was not sure how long it would last, continued, my pee felt like it was actually going to come out. I was definitely way too old for that.

Soon, I decided the former was preferable and I slowly moved my hand to my crotch and squeezed my penis, for the first time since I was 12 or so. It helped only marginally. I wished the bus would hurry up; it seemed to be taking forever. Every time we stopped to pick up or drop off a passenger, I would say to myself come on bus, don’t stop again. I am seventeen and on the verge of wetting myself. I did not want to attract any attention to myself so squirming was out. Steady pressure with my hand was going to have to work. If it didn’t, hopefully I could contain the leak, so it would not be noticeable. At this point I was too anxious about having a public accident, I was not enjoying myself.

The bus trip probably only took 30-45 minutes, but in my desperate state it seemed like forever. Somehow, I made it home dry. I rushed into the bathroom, unzipping my fly as I pushed the door closed with my leg. I freed myself as I approached the toilet. The split second just tip of my penis was clear of my pants my sphincter gave in and I started peeing, before I was fully out of my pants , completely in front of the toilet , or had a chance to aim. Consequently a second or two of pee splattered on the floor. Damn, that was close. I could easily clean that up. It could have been much worse.

I will post the other story in which both Debbie and I were desperate next time.

