Dance team member wets her pants

Author: TVGuy

*000*2012-09-16 18:00

This last week I just completed a video shoot with our newest HD Wetting model, Roxanne. While filming videos, she told me a somewhat interesting story that I figured some of you might enjoy.

We were shooting her first video, and she was having some difficulty peeing her pants on camera. This isn't that unusual for new models- Even if they really need to pee, having a giant HD camera looking straight at their crotch, all the lights, combined with doing it in their pants with people all around can be challenging. It had been a few minutes, she was very desperate, but still couldn't quite manage to force herself to pee in her pants.

"Why can't I do this!" she said in frustration, "I pee myself all the time on accident. Why can't I wet myself on purpose?"

"You've had accidents before?" I asked.

Instantly her face turned red. Embarrassed she looked down at the ground.

"Yes," she said sheepishly, "Sometimes really embarrassing ones."

"That is okay," I reassured her, "Accidents can happen to anyone."

"Sometimes they are really embarrassing," she continued, "Like one time I was on this dance team and I wet myself performing in front of hundreds of people."

"When you were a child?" I asked, "Or as an adult?"

"Adult," she said, "It was pretty recent."

"May I ask what happened?" I replied.

She took a deep breath, then explained, "Well, like I said, I was on this dance team and we were performing. There were probably like 500 people in the audience. I had been drinking lots of water and Gatorade and really needed to pee bad. In the middle of the routine I just couldn't hold it any longer and it all started coming out. I tried to control it, but once it started there wasn't much I could do. There was a huge puddle on the floor. The routine involved having to lay down and roll and twirl, so me and the other dancers are having to roll and twirl through my puddle."

"Wow," I said, "That must of been so embarrassing. Do you think anyone in the audience could tell what happened?"

"I don't think so," she answered, "My coach was in the front row and she said she couldn't see anything. She said she saw my face drop suddenly, but had no idea what was wrong. The other dancers saw, especially the ones around me."

I shook my head, "That sounds completely humiliating."

"It was," she said, "They still give me a bad time about it today. I just laugh about it now. I mean what else can I do?"

By that time she was able to pee, so we continued shooting the video. I hope you all enjoyed the story. I attached a picture of her so you can see the girl involved.

Thanks for reading :-)

*006*2012-09-20 22:23

I did perchance record a video of her telling the story :-) You will be able to see it in her interview video which should be up on HD Wetting sometime in the next few weeks

