Holding to the point of no return

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-11-14 21:34

Hi guys, I'm trying to catch up with my posts!

I try to take photos quite often, of the whole process, but often times I find myself unable to! I've been having a stronger and stronger bladder recently, and have been able to achieve some significant puddles and wettings.

Anyway, this is just a short story.

This was the day before halloween, and I was holding whilst talking to homeanddry, as he was at work. I always seem to be holding, but if I have some clothes that need a wash, I just can't resist to well, give them a bit of fun before they get chucked in the laundry. Anyway, a bunch of towels around the house was being washed as well, so I made a little tapestry of towels and held to the limit.

I was of course lying on my bed, on my side, back, front, sat up rocking, pacing, both hands between my legs, legs crossed, the whole lot. The outside pressure was constant and with each breath the internal pressure grew and my bladder started quivering. It forced itself out of me at the crotch first, then spread over to my right with another spurt, then cascaded down my legs in miraculous waterfalls.

Here's a pic for you all.

Hope you like it, I remember the pee running over my left foot and the puddle being significantly squelchy.

As a bonus, last night I was going to use the bin I keep in my room, but unfortunately I had used it for something else, so despite my efforts to hold to use it, I had to run to the bathroom at the last minute. I waited until I really really had to run for it, and my housemate stopped me to talk to me about something inane. When I got to the bathroom I slammed the door and ran to the toilet, turned around and began peeing full force before I'd managed to tuck my fingers under the pj waist band to pull them down!

Made quite a large wet spot in my panties and had a very relieving wee.

Okay, finally, I tried this morning to use the bidet we have in Italy to pee in, but the plug doesn't hold water too well so it went down the drain and I couldn't see how much there was! I might try blocking the plug and doing it before too long (I'm at about a 6/7 now) what do you guys think?

Anyway, I will locate the rest of my pictures, most of them post-hold wettings that I'm really proud of, and hopefully I'll get the house to myself a bit more soon, I'd like to lose control at the dining table again!

Peace out

EQ x

*002*2015-11-14 21:58

{{: 

I'm doing some laundry right now, just after wetting my pants.

}}

Haha, well you can't ignore it once it's been done :P

