Experiment #3: Begging for the Bathroom

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-01-29 04:52

It's been a few days since I tried to discreetly wet myself in public again (not really "discreet", as my "experiments" consist of seeing if anybody will be smart enough to notice my accident).

So today, I decided to take an opportunity! Ill keep it a little short, too many insignificant details get boring, from what I notice with my writing

I had to go all the way to Georgia today (from the Jacksonville area) for sudden personal reasons. It takes about 4 hours or so to get there. In the morning, the thought crossed my mind: why dont I take advantage? I have mixed feelings for the purpose of going to Georgia (some concern, some neglect), so I used my neglect card.

So along with other things, I packed an extra pair of underwear and jeans (even though I have some in my luggage already). And before I left my apartment, I made sure to have a good breakfast, with two cups of coffee and a bottle of water. I wore my trademark dark jeans again, fresh out of the laundromat.

Like always, I'll skip to the important part: an hour or so into driving, I was desperate. At this point, I was taking local roads, not highway road, so Im OK with desperation at lower speeds. Between red lights and turns, I put my hand on my lap. It wasn't the annoying desperation anymore, it was actual desperation

Skipping ahead holding and crossing my legs in my seat, half an hour had gone by. I knew that I had to get to a toilet, fast.

I was squirming in my seat, trying to look for somewhere to stop. I already felt the tears in my eyes from the physical strain I put on myself. I finally saw a gas station in the distance. It wasn't a big one, it was small. The little store was in the middle (only a counter and a few shelves), with the restroom entrances outside, on the back. I pulled up at a parking spot on the side (not wanting to be rude and meaninglessly occupy a gas pump without getting gas)

My normal plan was to just wet myself in the restroom. I like the element of not knowing whether someone is going to be outside waiting, and for you to step out in disgrace. But to my surprise, the woman's restroom on the back was being cleaned. The trashcan was in front of the door, along with the yellow "wet floor" cone.

I had to come up with something, because although I enjoy public wetting and exposure, I have my limits too. Im willing to show off my accident with as little (but enough) attention as possible, and Im not ready for a street wetting (yet :3)

I had a lightbulb go off on my head, as I hobbled into the store.

The cashier there was a middle-aged woman, probably in her late twenties? Early thirties? She was kind of attractive, with a decent body and long brunette hair. Nice looking, but not as young as the younger woman from Racetrac. She greeted me with the usually "welcome to Sunoco"

(Like my last one, not exact dialogue, as close as I remember)

Me: Umm, do you have a bathroom I can use? I cant hold it

Clerk: Yes, in the back

Me: Its closed, is there another one?

Clerk: Oh, theres the employee one, but I cant let you use it, Im the manager and stuff but still (there is one in a really small office behind the counter)

Me: Please? I dont want to, you know, 'go in my pants' (lie)

Clerk: Theres a McDonald's over there (next to the station)

Me: (pee dancing) I'm about to wet my pants, please dont do this to me

Clerk: (looking a little awkward) Uh, is the mens restroom open?

Me: Yes, but please, I'm a lady, I cant go in there

Clerk: I'm sorry miss, the employee's restroom isnt open, with laws and stuff

Me: (whimpering) Please dont do this to me, dont let me wet my pants, please no

Clerk: Give me a minute (she went to the back)

Clerk: (I interrupted her before she said anything, I was already leaking)

Me: Ill use the mens restroom, I guess

I rushed out of the store without another word, and to the mens restroom. I was already peeing my pants as I ran. I reluctantly entered the restroom, noting the unusual lack of a bad odor. I crouched over the toilet, peeing in full force. While most went through the fabric into the toilet, some of it streamed down my legs.

I couldn't help but smile a little in relief. The warm sensation felt like total luxury. The pee stopped, and I had to do something. Still enjoying the feeling of wet fabric, I got toilet paper to clean up the small puddle under my feet, and around the toilet (disgusting, but it was still my mess, I have to respect others).

Feeling bad (the good kind though), I weakly got out. I noticed a guy walking from a car to the restroom. I didn't expect that really. It was embarrassing as a girl to walk out of a mens restroom (the womens restroom was open by now, so you would assume I intended on going to the mens restroom). More embarrassing than being in wet jeans. People could assume I'm probably some pervert (well..) or prostitute (considering prostitutes go with clients to the mens restrooms, from with I see on TV).

I was more humiliated at that fact, and ran quickly back to my car. It was sunny, so I doubt anyone noticed what I had done. I laid a rag I had on my seat before I sat down and drove away, still red with embarrassment from having someone see me coming from the other genders restroom.

I changed when I went to another gas station to get gas. I ended up being embarrassed for other reasons than I expected to.

Anyways, it was interesting for me, and exciting. I was submissive enough to beg the station manager for the toilet, despite the fact that she denied it, and left me to use the mens restroom. Although it is kind of a big deal with restroom denial in retail places like gas stations(people with medical defects like Crohns disease), I never expected to actually have it happen to me. What if I did have a medical disorder (not really like my enuresis) and couldnt hold it. I enjoyed the unexpected denial and having to desperately beg for reconsideration (I did understand she was the manager and it was for safety reasons she had to deny me relief), but Id say that there should be leniency for that.

Getting out of the politics of restroom denial, I still enjoyed it. Although the end wasn't exactly what I thought it would be, this was a great experience for me, and im glad to share it with you guys, and hope you guys enjoy it as much as I did!

(P.S. I might not be on much in the next few days, im still out of home for personal reasons, trying to act cheerful as best as possible. im actually typing this from one of those 24-hour McDonalds that have free wifi. but ill still manage to get a few posts, to distract me. again, enjoy! :3)

*003*2015-01-29 16:00

I always assumed middle age was about late twenties to thirties, or it isnt? Sorry if I said that, didnt mean to offend anyone

*008*2015-02-03 15:51

If anything, ill just wet myself in a restroom and then act drunk. that way i can clean my mess up

And although being legitimately drunk sounds fun, i dont know how id behave while drunk and dont want to make poor decisions (driving under the influence)

