Truth Or Dare (only desperation)

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-12-23 00:39

About a week ago I was hanging out with my friend, the one I usually write about, and we got in to a steamy game of truth or dare (at least it was to me). I don't remember how it came up, but we ended up on the topic of needing to pee, and I was feeling cheeky so I dared her to down her glass of water. She did and said she was good at holding her pee.

For a long time we were playing jenga and truth or dare and eventually it came up again that she had to pee. I played like I was just being mean and dared her to down her glass again, mostly because I'm not good at the game, but also because I wanted to see her squirm. At this point I also needed to pee a bit so I decided to play along too.

Not long after she got suspicious of my dares so she asked what my fascination was and I asked her to recall what I told her in one of my previous stories on here. I told her that I think it's hot when girls are desperate, and she didn't question it. That's when the game of truth or dare turned into more of a story time game about wetting.

I ended up daring her to hold as long as she could, and she dared me the same. The next few truth questions were about wetting, and she told me the last time she wet herself was that time after the lake, but she occasionally accidentally spurts into her panties. This was getting me pretty hot and bothered, not that I would ever tell her that.

After a little while we were both getting pretty distracted. I was getting really desperate, and having trouble sitting still. I tried to keep my hands away from my crotch because that would be weird around my friend, so I was squirming and wiggling a bit. We were intermittently checking in on how desperate we were. By the time I was at 7 she said she was still at a 2 so I guess the one time she did wet herself in front of me, she must have been holding for super long.

I didn't make it much past 7 when I decided a sleepover was not an appropriate time to we myself (she also asked me not to, she still thinks that part is kinda weird), so I went to the bathroom and I swear it was the best pee I have ever had. Only wetting could have beat that elation.

We played jenga for a while longer before we finally decided we wanted to go have a midnight walmart romp so she went to the bathroom and my fun was over.

