Toiled dreams & bed wetting!

Author: Paperhearts

*000*2014-07-25 19:04

So, I'm pretty sure almost everyone gets the toilet dream when they need to pee while they're sleeping. I saw a topic posted about just that which prompted me to tell this experience that happened to me a week or two ago.

I want to start by saying that it's been quite hot here over the summer so i only wear a tshirt and panties to sleep in. The hot weather has meant drinking a lot more than usual to keep hydrated and I usually find myself waking up to pee between 1-3 times a night (with a bursting bladder) depending on how much I've been drinking in the day.

So, my day was pretty normal and I think that day I had been to the cinema with my friends. Other than that my time was spent in my garden, lounging around and sunbathing, making the most of the sunny weather.

I drank a lot to compensate for the heat, preferring to just drink ice-cold water with the occasional ice lolly to cool me down. Other things were drank throughout the day, apple juice with my meals and a coke when I was at the movies with my friends. Unless I'm planning on holding I don't pay much attention to my intake or what I am drinking.

I went to bed around midnight and I must say I do get toilet dreams very often. Since I usually wake up to pee in the night (I usually have to go at least once every night even outside of the summer months) I can have a few toilet dreams a night but never before has it caused me to pee while I'm sleeping!

So after what must have been a few hours of sleep this toilet dream started. I don't remember it clearly but they're almost always the same. I'm in a location where I can't find a toilet. The location always varies but I'm always frantically running around to find a toilet, crossing my legs in the dream and telling whoever will listen that I have to get to a toilet right away.

Most of the time I wake up before I find a toilet in my dreams but sometimes I manage to find the toilet. I pull down my pants as fast as I can and I sit down, I relax and in the dream I start to pee, I can hear the hissing noise and the piss hitting the bowl but I feel no relief. The feeling of desperation always gets worse as I am wetting in my dream and I feel about ready to explode. The urges come in waves and sometimes I've had a few toilet dreams before I even wake up to actually pee!

So, this specific night I had the usual dream, I'm running to the toilet, sometimes the toilet is out in the open where anyone can see but I don't care because if I don't piss I'm going to pop! I get to the toilet, push my panties down and sit down. I start to relax, shutting my eyes and letting go but instead of the urgent need to piss getting worse I feel a little bit of relief. I feel some piss bursting out of me but I am still asleep and I think this is all part of my dream. I'm still sitting there on the toilet when another wave of desperation hits me, I relax and some more piss floods out of me and into the toilet I'm sitting on.

It doesn't all come out at once and after one last squirt I start waking up. Once I'm fully conscious I can feel the wetness between my legs and all along my bum. Only a few small squirts managed to escape so I am still so desperate to go. I pulled my covers back and sat up to check how much had come out but I really had to go, I was still relaxed from sleep and as I sat up some more forced its way out of me. At this point that was it, I had squirted so much and the position I was in finally started to force everything out of me. I hadn't planned on wetting the bed so I tried to stop it, clenching my muscles to stop the flow and squeezing in between my legs to stop it.

Eventually I stopped the flow and ran to the toilet to finish off. There was still plenty left in my when I finally got to the toilet, I must have been completely full. I had left a large wet patch on my sheets as well and my panties had been soaked. I had to spend some time cleaning up and showering before I could get back into bed again!

It had been completely unplanned but I did enjoy myself. Even when I was dreaming the desperate feeling was great.

I hope you enjoyed reading, I'll post if I have any more experiences :)

*003*2014-07-25 21:18

That always happens to me! As I say I have those dreams all of the time and I would always start peeing in them but I still felt like I was going to burst. Whenever I wake up from them I have to rush to the toilet or I would probably start squirting.

