My first sighting

Author: JohnO4154

*000*2012-04-16 23:57

Hello everyone. I figured that I would share the experiance that got me into wetting/female desperation.

I was around 13 at the time, and was over at my best friends house. He had an older sister who I had always had a bit of a crush on. She was about 19 at the time, and very atractive. We were in the living room playing nintendo, when my friend started to feel sick. He went and locked himself in the bathroom, and proceded to hurl for the next half hour or so. About 5 minutes after he entered the bathroom, his sister returned home from being out at the movies with her friends. She came in and headed straight for the bathroom, only to find it locked. I told her that her brother was not feeling well, and that he had already been in there for several minutes. She started pacing back and forth, stopping every once in a while to cross her legs tightly.

She had on a pair of tight lighter colored blue jeans. I felt myself starting to get aroused by the sight of her needing to pee so badly. I was pretty confused by my arousal, but found that I could not take my eyes off of her. After about 15 minutes of pacing, knocking, and crossing her legs, she finaly couldn't take it anymore. I had the perfect view. She stood there with her legs crossed and her back to me, as she started to flood her jeans. The wet patch quickly spread down her left leg, all the way to the floor, and part of the way up her perfect ass. When she finished, she turned around and looked at me. I have never seen anyone's face turn so red. I had no idea why I was turned on so much by the sight of her wet pants, but I have been into female desperation and wetting ever since. It was all I thaught about for weeks.

Wow, that came out longer than I expected. This is the first time I have told anyone about this experiance. My friend obviously knew what had happend, but he never knew that it changed my life forever.

John

*002*2012-04-18 07:21

I felt bad for her too. She was so embarassed. At the time, I also felt guilty about being so aroused by her embarassing situation. I don't really feel guilty anymore. It's who I am and I really can't help it. I do still feel bad for others in embarassing situations like that though. Unfortunately for me, and fortunately for others, I have only ever seen two female wettings in person, and both of them were much too long ago. I'm still trying to talk my wife into wetting for me, but so far all I have gotten is a, "Maybe someday." At least I have some hope.

*004*2012-04-30 02:55

Well at least I'm not the only unlucky one. So if you have never seen a real wetting, what was it that got you into the fetish? For me seeing my friends sister wet herself was the first time I ever even realized that I was atracted to it. If I had never seen a real wetting, I don't know if I ever would have realized how much it aroused me. Maybe I would have still wound up being interested, but I don't know what would "set it off" so to speak.

