Peeing Incognito

Author: Archivekitten

*000*2014-01-23 09:45

This is a personal experience where I actually peed myself in front of others. I'd forgotten it until recently when reading someone else's experience brought it to mind.

So, I was going on a nature hike with a couple of my friends and we'd been out for a couple of hours hiking this trail. I'd needed to pee for a good while but I didn't really want to mention it, even though I was getting really desperate. I could hear a water fall and I knew that's where we were headed because my friend Audrey who was far better at hiking then me had mentioned it before the trip. I didn't really know the hike was going to be as long as it was so for most of the first hour of the trip I had been chugging water under the impression that I should stay hydrated. My mind was completely off my bladder at the time which I found myself deeply regretting.

The waterfall was beginning to irritate me and Mark and Drake noticed I was kinda quiet. I was a little embarrassed they managed to figure out something was wrong so quickly but I told them I was just enjoying the sound of the river. It was a little ironic looking back at it now because it was simply making my desperation worse but I was pretty sure I could hold it. I was a little anxious though because we were less then half way done with the hike.

If we didn't reach the end of the trail soon I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it all the way back to camp. I would be forced to either go in the woods or wet myself.. Normally I wouldn't have a problem just dropping my pants and going but with people around I didn't really want to say that's what I was doing. No one else had stopped to pee so why should I need to?

After a few more minutes of idly listening to my friend's conversation, trying to keep my mind off my bladder and the river, I started to get scared. I wouldn't be able to hold it. I was certain at that point despite the fact I kept telling myself I could.

"Hey uh Audrey? How long until we get to the waterfall?" I asked my thighs pressed together tightly.

Audrey turned to me with a slightly worried expression. "It shouldn't be long now. Are you ok Bella?"

"Fine." I answered abruptly.

I remember she gave me a slightly suspicious look which freaked me out a little but she gave up after a moment.

We kept walking for a while and my desperation only got worse. I was beginning to doubt weather or not I'd even be able to hold it to the water fall. My friends clearly knew I was on edge as well. I only hoped they hadn't caught on to the fact I needed to pee. I felt really childish and my friends had always treated me as the baby of the group anyway. I didn't really want them to think that of me that way even more then they already did.

Eventually we crested a hill and before me was a gushing waterfall. I nearly groaned. I couldn't hold it! Once I saw my friends were in front of me I quickly doubled over and gave myself a quick squeeze so I could regain a little more control. I was relieved they didn't notice. Audrey, Mark and Drake sat on some rocks near the water and I bit my lip softly before going over to join them. I wanted to keep moving.

Audrey looked over at me with a small smile. "I thought you might like a minute to rest up before we went back down. I brought some snacks too."

I smiled politely and took a granola bar and watched as she handed some to the boys as well. My bladder was screaming at this point. The waterfall was torture. I wondered idly how they weren't bursting for a pee as well. I crossed my legs tightly and tried to think of a way where I could inconspicuously sneak away to relieve myself.

I came up empty handed but still refused to tell anyone til it was pointless trying to hide it any longer. After I finished my granola bar I was a little thirsty but didn't dare drink any more water. Drake walked over closer to the water and since I wanted a distraction from my desperation and thirst I decided to go over and talk to him.

As soon as I got to the edge of the water though I tripped and fell in with a small shriek. Audrey and Mark ran over and Drake called out my name. The water happened to be shallow though so it wasn't that big a deal. Drake waded in after me making relieving myself in the water impossible. He would have felt the heat of my pee in the frigid cold water.

I shivered slightly but with his help managed to make my way out of the river.

I was drenched which meant I could go. I could go without getting caught. I was so relieved. I laughed off the fact I fell in the water easing the worries of my friends and myself as I emptied my bladder into my soaking wet pants.

