In The Making: Pee Desperation

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-07-31 00:22

This happened yesterday...

My high school friend invited me over for a little reunion and told me something fascinating. "I'm going to make a movie," he said. I blinked and refilled my beer. "Zack, you're going to make a movie?" I repeated shocked. "Yeah, and I'm going to need your help. Now I was incredibly astonished. "I need you to time-lapse a clock ticking from a 29° angle. "Alright," I put my finished cup in his sink. "I'll get right to it. How long?" I got my phone ready by putting it on camera's time lapse. "About 5:00 minutes," he opened the door for me. "Alright," I started to wonder why he needed this for five minutes. "Bye, nice seeing you again!" I left his house.

I walked home and was still pretty parched. I live about a block away so I got home pretty quickly. Before I got to work, I drank a glass of water and then another. I browsed my house for a clock where I could get a perfect 29° angle. Finally I found one which was my prettiest armoire with a clock on the top. I started to begin the clock. I am not a big fan of standing still. As I stood for about 30 seconds I started to get a bad urge to pee. I was scared to cross my legs and loose the angle of the recording so I had to remain standing.

I held the my phone with my right hand and with my left I held my crotch. The agony started to increase. I could feel it getting harder and more painful. I bent down slightly so I wouldn't move the camera. "Ahh, I got to go," I muttered. I saw a minute and 22 seconds passed and I was already dying to go. I wanted to pause the camera, but I didn't want to loose the angle. I suck my breath and crossed my legs luckily not moving the camera.

I put my left hand between my thighs. I felt a spurt come out at 3:32. I looked at my red jeans in panic. The clock was at 3:46, my thighs trembled. "Ah, no, no," I held my crotch. A leak escaped. It was 4:02. I was in so much pain. I touched my belly button and a leak escaped me and held my crotch immediately. 4:22 came up as I started to grow impatient. A leak escaped me violently. Finally 5:00 arrived and I stopped the camera. In a hurry I texted it to Zack and started to rush up the stairs. But I couldn't. I was in too much pain. I held my crotch and slowly attempt to climb the stairs. A leak escaped me making a small puddle in which I almost slipped in. I got balanced and climb a little more and saw a wet trail leading behind me. My red jeans became soaked as yellow pee escaped from my pee hole and gushed creating pee flowing down the stairs. I took off my pants and looked at my wet yellow panties. Put it in the wash and cleaned all my mess.

I hoped you enjoyed reading this experience that happened to me.

