In the middle of nowhere

Author: Paperhearts

*000*2014-03-22 11:42

This is another one of my experiences that sort of happened unplanned. Although I was into omo at the time this wasn't really an accident that turned me on at the time or anything, I was with a friend so it was kind of funny and I thought I would share!

This isn't something that happened to me recently, it was probably last year possibly even the year before. So, I was visiting my friend in Wales again and she lives pretty much in the middle of nowhere. Her house is a few fields away from a caravan site but apart from that and a small dirt road leading into a main road a mile or so out she lives in the middle of fields. I live in a city so when I visit her we do a lot of outdoor activities.

We had decided to go on a picnic so we packed up our food in the morning and headed out. It was quite chilly out and we were going to be walking through mud all day so I was wearing a lounge pants and a rain coat over my shirt. I used the bathroom before we left the house and we started our walk.

We walked slowly for about an hour, walking across all of the fields and I took a few photos. I hadn't payed much attention to what I had had to drink that day. I had milk with my cereal, a cup of tea with breakfast and we had been drinking from a big bottle of water between us on the way. There were a lot of steep hill areas that tired us both out so I probably drank a lot of water without realising. It wasn't something I thought about until I realised I was starting to need the toiled and we were literally in the middle of nowhere. I couldn't even see her house any more we were that far out.

We kept on walking anyway and I didn't mention it, there was nobody around and I would just have to go in a bush if we didn't make it back to the house in time. So, we carried on. Since we were walking and moving around I felt the urge more than I would have if we were sitting. I asked along the way to take a few breaks so we would sit down for a short while to catch our breath but I wanted to stop to try and hold back the urge to pee. It did help when we sat down but as soon as I stood up again I felt the pressure.

After I felt the urge the first time it built up pretty fast. We walked for about another half an hour, I know it wasn't too long but I was really feeling it. Every time I took a step I felt the pressure. I walked behind my friend and every now and again I would squeeze my legs together when I took a step. I wasn't at the point I needed to squeeze myself yet but my breaths were coming out short.

Obviously at this point I knew I wasn't making it back to the house so I accepted that I would need to find somewhere to go. The fields were long and bare and I really didn't want to have to go in front of my friend so I kept quite and tried to hold it in. Whenever we crossed to a new field it would require climbing over a fence, sometimes the gates were open as each field was surrounded by fences or hedges to keep certain animals in specific fields. We had been through a few fields with sheep and cows but the ones we were in at that moment were empty.

Climbing over fences when I had to go so badly was a nightmare. I always climbed over second so my friend didn't see and had to shove a hand between my legs while I climbed over. Eventually I had trouble walking without it feeling like I was going to piss myself. I eventually told my friend that I needed to go desperately and she laughed a little and told me to find a spot and just go. It wasn't a big deal or anything and I wasn't really embarrassed but I needed to go right then and I didn't have much time to find somewhere secluded.

Somehow nothing spurted out as a warning. I could feel that my knickers were damp from some dribbling out, probably when I moved around a lot climbing over fences but none of it got through to my pants. So, to get some privacy from my friend I decided to go back the way we came and climb over to the next field so that I could move behind one of the hedges.

I rushed back and my friend stayed where she was, watching me go but not paying much attention. I held onto the gate and squeezed myself, curling over a little and holding my legs tight together before I started climbing up. The next part is where everything went wrong. I was climbing over the gate which was long and had bars sort of like a ladder making it easy to climb over. I swung my leg over the top ready to get down the other side when it all started to come out. It must have been the position I was in, one leg on each side of the gate and a metal bar between my legs, that set me off. I had to lean myself forward to get my other leg over which is when I felt it. The pressure from leaning forward so suddenly and being so close to letting myself go meant that my piss just forced itself out.

It all happened very quickly, I was sat on top of the gate and I could hear it hissing loudly as I soaked my pants. Usually I have a shy bladder but at this point the stream was forcing itself out of me. It was extremely warm and although I was only sat there for a few seconds, mostly staying still out of shock that I didn't make it, I could hear it splattering on the floor under me. It had hurt when it was forced out of me, the bar between my legs pressing into my bladder, but It was also a huge relief to let it go.

I was already soaked and the piss was running down my legs, over the gate and down into the dirt floor. I still climbed over the gate but from what I remember the stream never stopped while I was moving. I jumped down at the other side and ran behind the hedges, shoving my pants and knickers down as fast as I could. It didn't really help much since the damage was done but I squatted down anyway and the last of it was pushed out. I've never really thought that I could hold much but so much was still streaming out of me. I could still feel the pressure as I squatted down even though loads had already come out. I sat there until the stream ended, leaving a large puddle on the floor, and then I stood up to pull my pants back up.

The piss had cooled and it was difficult pulling my pants back up. I was covered in it, dark patches showing all down the inside of my legs and across the back of my ass. I had gotten it all over myself, on my shoes and some even on the hem of my shirt. I was relieved though, it felt so good to be empty again.

I climbed back over the gate to my friend who of course laughed at me. I had laughed too and we had to head back so I could change into something else. My friend decided to pee on the way back so she could avoid it happening to her.

And that was what happened! Usually I manage to get my pants down before any damage is done but that time was definitely a big shock. I am used to getting a few warning spurts of piss that just soaks my panties but this was completely different and I didn't have any time at all to get over the gate. As soon as it had started coming out I was soaked in a few seconds!

Well, I hope you enjoyed reading this. It is an experience I laugh about but it was still quite enjoyable even if walking home in piss soaked pants was difficult!

