A lucky sighting

Author: Pain

*000*2015-03-21 15:25

During the summer vacation a few years ago ,I would usually go over to my friend, Daniel’s place to play games at his home .

His sister Leena too would usually join us and I was really angry with her because she used to beat me at ‘Need for Speed’ every damn time we did a race. You know the kind of loving and jolly fights friends usually get into.

This one fine day after lunch I went over to their place to find both of them having an NFS car race which clearly, Daniel was winning at.

I looked on as they both played. After the race finally got over I took Leena’s place while she stood beside my seat.

After a few minutes I saw her grabbing her crotch and slighting bouncing from foot to foot, she looked distressed. I instantly knew that she had to pee.

I must tell you that the three of us have been close friends since we were toddlers , we have literally grown up together ,so there always has been a level of comfort we share with each other.

I was struggling to hide my erection while I played the game , I could feel the hotness in my groin.

Another few minutes passed and Leena grew more fidgety and bouncy as she continued to stare at the computer screen as me and Daniel played.

I certainly knew that she had to pee bad , but my mind was boggled thinking of why she wasn’t going to the toilets.

Then all of a sudden she rushed out of the room asking us not to follow her. Well that sounded really weird to Daniel.

He kept on the computer for a few seconds before standing up from his seat, “Let’s see what she is doing…”

He went out of the room but I stayed back. Then I heard him laugh and he called me out, “Come here quick…!”

I went out trying to look unaware of the situation and what I saw next almost made me cum.

In her haste, Leena hadn’t bothered to close the toilet door . I saw her squatted on the commode(Indian toilet) as she peed a rather violent stream into the porcelain.

Daniel couldn’t stop laughing , I too pretended to find the incident hilarious and walked back into the room in order to provide Leena with some privacy.I so desperately wanted to stay there and look at her while she peed but that would have been immoral.

I sat back on the seat as I clearly listened to Leena’s torrent of urine colliding with the toilet bowl. The massive turn on I was experiencing was obvious.

When she finally came out of the toilet all three of us laughed like maniacs. But I couldn’t stop thinking of how desperate she might have been to rush inside the toilet and not even close the door behind her.

And then there was the monster stream that I had been lucky enough to witness.

Leena repeatedly told Daniel that she had to pee really bad and that’s why she left the door open.

I was really relieved that she found it funny too.

Years have passed since then and neither of us have ever mentioned the incident to the other. I still sometimes replay the scene in my head when I am talking to Leena. She is one pretty girl after all.

And I don’t think it should be necessary to mention that I’ve played with myself several times remembering the scenario. I still feel guilty sometimes .

