I just didn't make it

Author: Jus

*000*2012-11-13 12:48

I had posted the following elsewhere as an answer to a question about when I'd had an accident, but then a member of outstanding reputation suggested that I should repost it in this area. I hope you enjoy the following:

I’ve only had the one actual accident since childhood that I can recall, and that was earlier this year and is still quite vivid in my memory. It was one of the very few occasions that I went somewhere after work and not just straight home. One of the people at work was leaving to go overseas and to celebrate her departure, a group was going to the nearby hotel for drinks. At first I was reluctant but a few people were fairly insistent that I should go and so I relented and went.

A few drinks actually turned into at least a dozen by the time I left, and while I was sitting at the bus station I was already thinking I should have gone to the toilet before I left. Normally I can hold fairly easily for quite some time, and then even when the urge starts to get stronger I can still normally go for another hour or two before it gets desperate, so I thought it should be no big deal since the next bus was due in about ten minutes and then I only had about a twenty minute ride followed by a five minute walk to get home.

I rarely drink, and even when I do I generally only have a few, so I was not really used to the affects of alcohol. I had been quite happy and unusually talkative before I left the hotel, but sitting in the bus shelter I had started to feel a little strange. I seemed unusually aware of my own genitals, and even the smallest movement of my body or legs seemed to echo itself there, as well as an ever increasing urge to pee. I also seemed to be almost constantly thinking sexy thoughts, and was a little surprised to see my bus arriving in what seemed like such a short time.

When I stood up to get on the bus I was also surprised at the sudden wave of pressure I felt, and I actually had to stand still for a second or two just to clench my muscles to avoid peeing myself. I wondered how that had snuck up on me with so little warning, but then I still wasn’t too worried. The bus was a lot less crowded than for my normal trip home, and I sat in a seat by myself near the back. The need to pee was still there, and getting stronger by the minute. There was a couple sitting in the seat one forward from me but on the other side, and nobody else nearby, and so I figured that nobody else could see me, and so I hitched up my skirt enough to allow me to keep my hand pressed firmly between my legs.

The couple nearby caught my attention and I found myself watching intently as they would both kiss each other, and he was also moving his hand higher and higher on her leg. By the time we were about half way to my stop, she had her knees apart, and he was obviously rubbing her through her knickers. I couldn’t help but notice how her knees were rhythmically moving slightly apart and back again, but then so were mine, but in my case it was because the movement seemed to ease the urgency of the need to pee. It was somewhere around this point that I started to wonder just how I got so desperate, and whether I was even going to make it home still keeping dry.

The last ten minutes on the bus were the worst. I’d been clenching my muscles for a while by then, and they were starting to ache a little. By the time we neared my stop the urge to pee was coming in waves, and it was taking most of my effort to hold it every ten seconds or so when they were at their peak. Even through all of this though, I still was fascinated to watch the other couple, and in fact I was kind of jealous of them too. In a way I was sort of disappointed that my stop came up and I was going to have to stop watching them, but I was very pleased that I was now so close to home.

Standing up and walking off the bus, not only was the pressure so strong, but it also gave a sharpish pain and I found it so difficult to stand up straight that I walked sort of bent over for a bit until that eased up a bit. My pussy felt really swollen, and sensitive, and I seemed to be able to feel almost every movement echoed there. Even my underwear felt, well not so much tight, but just that I was really aware that I could feel it there. I only had to walk a couple of blocks, but before going more than a few paces I noticed that I was already breathing heavily, and I could feel my heart thumping in my chest.

By the time I’d walked half way home I was struggling with wave after wave of pressure. I was thinking of just giving up and squatting somewhere in a darker spot between the streetlights for relief, when I spotted someone out in her front yard watering the garden, and I knew that from there she could watch me all the way to my driveway, so I just had to keep going. 
By the time I was just a couple of houses from home I could feel my thumping heartbeat echoed in my clit, and my tightly clenched muscles were starting to pulse in rhythm with this. I knew I only had to last like another minute, but then a spurt of pee escaped. I had to stop and stand still for a couple of seconds to keep control, but I could feel the warm wetness in my underwear, and then a moment later a small trickle down one leg. As I turned into my driveway another small spurt came out, but I made it to the door, with my key already in my hand, but ever so briefly fumbled the key before turning it successfully in the lock.

I hadn’t even had a chance to push the door open though, when I was hit with another pulsing wave, and I just couldn’t hold it this time, and a really strong spurt of pee came out, followed by a steady strong stream, which I just couldn’t stop no matter how I tried. I tried running for the toilet, but by the time I got there I’d left a great wet trail through the house. I just pulled my skirt up and sat on the toilet still peeing strongly through my underwear. I was shaking and trembling all over, breathless, and almost shocked by the intensity of the feeling of release and relief. It was almost like it was orgasmic.

When I showered I couldn’t help noticing how puffy, swollen, sensitive and aroused my pussy was, and my clit was as enlarged and standing out as I’ve ever seen it. I tried to be sensible and dressed in shorts and a t-shirt while I put my wet clothes in the washing, and my shoes out into the carport to dry, and cleaned up my mess in the house as well as I could. That still did nothing to diminish my arousal though, and so I went to bed and spent the rest of the evening masturbating till I fell asleep.

