Gemmy's desperate sightings

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-01-15 00:03

A lot of you keep asking about my desperate sightings thread and where it went. It got removed because a couple of the stories within that thread had photos which when the forum rules were changed they were not allowed. All of the stories within that thread I have posted in their own topics since then.

I have quite a few sightings that I have never shared or wrote about because I always felt they were too short and I only ever shared the ones that I could make a decent story out of. After reading a topic about asking to cut in line it got me thinking about a sighting I had just before Christmas and after talking about it with another member I decided to start a new thread to celebrate my 2000th post where I can post little short descriptions of my sightings, similar to the way Despguy123 has done recently with his Office sightings. I will update regularly and I hope you enjoy :) x

*001*2015-01-15 00:31

I will kick this thread off with the sighting mentioned above. Just before Christmas the nearest town to ours had its annual Christmas carnival. There is a parade through the streets which leads to the park on the outskirts where they have a Christmas market and entertainment. We walked round the market before the parade to avoid the massive crowds. We watched the parade and then as the mass crowd headed to the market we called in to the supermarket to get a few bits. Both me and my sister had to pee quite bad and headed for the toilets whilst the boys went and started shopping. There was a queue for the toilets as quite a few people had decided to use them rather than having to queue to get into the park and then queue for the porta loo's. The line wasn't too long and we joined the back. We were both pretty desperate and were shifting as we waited.

As we got to 4th in line a guy came and stood by the door and said he had to clean them. The woman at the front complained and he said "hey don't complain at me, I've been told to come and clean them as there has been a complaint, you will have to use the disabled toilet". This was just past the ladies so the queue remained in position. There were now three women in front of us and as we stood waiting two women came rushing down the corridor tried the door to the ladies, they found it locked and upon seeing the cleaning notice and the sign telling them to use the disabled they turned towards us and the blonde one moaned and said to her friend "this isn't the queue for the toilet is it....oh god im busting". Her friend said "i know so am i".

Me and my sister looked at each other smiling. We turned our attention back to the two girls who were stood with their legs crossed tightly. The line moved along and the blonde one kept looking down the line and doing little bobbing movements. Her friend stood shifting from foot to foot.

We got to the front of the queue and stood just outside the door. I heard the blonde girl whispering something and picked up "ask...go on ask, I really need a wee". Neither of them did anything and my attention was brought to an elderly woman coming down the corridor. It was obvious she would need to use the disabled toilet and I patted my sister on the arm and nodded at the lady. She looked round and then nodded at me and said "yeah course". We told her she could go next and when the lady who was in the toilet came out she went in. Just as she went in the blonde came up to me and my sister and nervously said hi.

We said hi back and she said "would we be able to go before you, we both really need a wee, we have been waiting to watch the parade". Before i could say anything my sister said "so have we, i'm sorry but we really need to pee too so no". I knew she wasn't saying it to delay them, she really did need to pee, had she not been she would have let them go in front. She complained and said "but you let her go in front" and my sister said "yeah, cos she is old and needs the disabled toilet, its called respect".

The blonde went back and leant against the wall. When the old lady came out my sister said I could go first. I went inside and pee'd and came back out letting my sister go in. I stood waiting and watching the two girls shifting about. They were obviously both dying to go. When we heard the toilet flush the blonde turned to her friend and said "oooo can i go first, i will wet myself if i don't". Her friend agreed but told her to be quick. My sister came out and she dashed in leaving her friend dancing outside. We watched for a moment until the blonde girl came out then we left.

*004*2015-01-15 13:01

{{:

Really nice sighting Gemmy, looking forward to reading more, does your sister share your sister share the same interests?

}}

She does share the same interests, we aren't just identical in looks :p

*005*2015-01-15 19:01

This is another cutting in line vid but this one is a bit different. This happened a few years ago at a house party. It was my friends 18th and he decided to have a party at his house and just invite close family and friends as opposed to having a big party. He has a big house and his mum and dad and other "Adults" had their own party in the kitchen/dining area whilst we had the living room and conservatory. Being a house party I knew people would be doing the customary wait until I am really desperate to pee before i go to the toilet. It is the same with every house party I have been to.

People have the view that because there isn't that many people there wont be a queue. It is one of the reasons I love house parties so much. a few of us were upstairs in my mates bedroom looking for something. We were going to try and embarrass him somehow. His mum and his auntie came up waited outside the bathroom chatting. When it was free they both went in together. Just after two brunette girls came upstairs who I hadn't seen before and assumed they must have just got here. One of them had one a black skirt and top and the other had on a band t-shirt and shorts. The one in the skirt got there first and tried the handle.

When she found it locked she said "oh no" and knocked on the door. My mates Mum shouted yeah and the girl said "hurry up Auntie Debbie we need a wee". I then realised she was my mates cousin. I looked at them and they both seemed like they were both dying to go. They were both shifting from foot to foot and dancing on the spot. After a few minutes the girl in the skirt knocked again and this time his auntie shouted back. The girl said "Mum?....hey mum, i didn't know you were in there too, please be quick me and Char are both busting for a pee". I could not take my eyes of them and their sexy pee dances. 

As i was watching my mates sister came up to help us look for something. She got to the top of the stairs and said "oh is there a queue....who is in there". The girl answered and she laughed and said "typical, they always take forever". Then she shouted "HURRY UP MUM". She stood chatting to the two girls and asked them where they had been. They said they had been to the pub to have a drink with someone before coming here. She commented on their dancing and they said "yeah, we didn't pee before we left and the cold air made us need to go and now we really have to pee". She laughed and said "yeah me too".

Just then the bathroom door opened and the girl in the skirt said "thank god....what we you doing in there mum?". As they walked out my mates sister went towards the door and said "I'm busting for a pee, its my house, therefore i'm going first". She closed the door and the girl in the skirt knocked and said "well you better be quick or i'm gonna wee myself". She grabbed her self through her skirt and crossed her legs. She looked so sexy. A few minutes later my mates sister came out and the girl dashed in slamming the door behind her. This left her friend dancing on the spot, moaning about needing a wee. When the first girl came out she dashed in and came out a couple of minutes looking relieved and they went downstairs and joined the party.

*008*2015-01-16 19:49

{{:

Oh deer how do we know if it's you or your sister posting now?

The house party story is great & I love it when girls use phrases like "I really need a wee"

}}

That was me posting :p and so do i, i love it when girls use "wee" instead of "pee"

*009*2015-01-17 00:32

This is another one from the house party in the last post. This was a couple of hours after the last one and by now everyone had had a fair few drinks and you could tell those that had "broke the seal" as they were making regular trips to the bathroom. One of which was a woman who is a friend of my mates mum. On a couple of occasions I saw her stood in the kitchen chatting to someone shifting about and crossing her legs back and forth and it was obvious to anyone looking at her that she needed to pee but like i said before people always wait until they really have to go until they head for the bathroom at house parties and she was no exception. A couple of times when she passed through the living room to go upstairs I heard her commenting on the fact the toilet was occupied and there was a queue.

I was sat on the couch watching my friends dancing and acting like idiots, my sister among them. After a while she flopped down next to me. She was obviously warm from dancing and I passed her her drink. She downed it and handed me the glass back. We were sat for a few minutes and she said "i need a wee". She stood up and i said "i'll come with you". I had needed to pee for a while. We went up and stood outside the bathroom chatting. When it became free we went in and she went first. As she was we heard movement outside and I realised someone was stood waiting outside. Just as my sister finished a voice outside said "A queue, what surprise".

It was the woman. She was chatting quite loud to my mate and as I was peeing he said "its my friends i think, you know the twins". She said "oh yeah, well if they aren't quick, there will be a puddle on the floor". I finished up and washed up in the sink and then we went out. We found her standing leaning on the landing partition with her legs tightly crossed. Just as she went to walk forward. My mate dashed in. She protested and he said "hey there is a queue you know, you even mentioned it". He went in and shut the door. She started pee dancing on the spot. Lifting her leg up and tucking behind the other and doing a bobbing motion.

She kept kept making little gasping noises and sucking air through her teeth. It was so sexy to watch. I could not take my eyes off her sexy pantyhose covered legs wrapped around each other. I imagined little streaks of pee running down them. I was shook back to reality by the door opening behind me. She said "oh thank god, i'm just about to make a puddle". She dashed into the bathroom and shut the door. We went to walk downstairs and we heard a long sigh of relief come from her which was so nice. The thought of her almost making a puddle was so sexy and to this day I wonder if when she went in the bathroom her knickers were totally dry.

*011*2015-01-18 22:16

We have been going to an air show every year for the past five years. The first year we went for the day and then found out that it was on all weekend so the following years we go and stay the whole weekend and enjoy the three days of entertainment. Last year was the busiest I have seen it and it made for a couple of great sightings. The event is completely free and takes place on the beach with a big carnival that runs along the promenade. Being a free event toilets do not need to be provided however usually two porta cabins are placed at either end of the carnival and just off the beach at the far end of the promenade from the carnival are some public toilets. Both the sightings happened at the public toilets.

The first one happened on the second day. We had spent the morning and the early afternoon at the carnival and had then been sat on the promenade watching the air show. After the bits we wanted to see we decided to go and get a drink at the cafe at the end of the promenade. We had some lunch and a drink and watched the show. The last aerial performance finished and by that point quite a lot of the crowd had dispersed being mostly coach parties. The crowds from the beach were starting to come up along the promenade and I decided to use the toilets before they got too busy. It was a good idea as when i came out a queue was starting to form.

The toilets had two stalls which judging the size of the crowds would make a nice queue. The queue got bigger and eventually the mass of crowds had gone through and the queue was starting to slowly reduce. There had been a couple of people who looked desperate but nothing too exciting. The queue on the outside didn't look too bad but I knew the queue was lined against the wall opposite the two stalls so it was four times longer than it looked.

As time passed my bladder filled up rather quickly, I had been drinking lots of water to combat the heat and now i had pee'd once i knew it would fill fast and frequently. We weren't going anywhere fast so i decided to go an join the queue before my bladder got too bad. I joined the back of the queue and as i stood waiting. A girl came around the corner and as she got to the door and saw the queue she let out a sigh and said "oh you're joking man, I'm about to wet myself". I thought she was just saying that but then she grabbed herself under her little white skirt and bounced on her feet. She didn't say anything for a while. She just continued her bouncing whilst holding herself. She kept making little moaning noises and i wondered just how true her first statement was. We got into the main room and there were 5 people in front of me.

She saw this and let out a moan. I asked if she wanted to go ahead of me and she said "oh god thanks, you sure, thanks, you have no idea how bad i have to pee". I smiled and said "it was fine". She looked at the people in front of her and turned back to me and said "I won't cut ahead anymore, I can't push in front of kids, I hope they are quick i'm dying for a wee". She crossed her legs and bobbed up and down. The queue moved forward and by now I was getting desperate and joked saying "bloody heat making me drink so much water". She laughed and said "tell me about it, I have been on the beach most of the day and have drank quite a lot, i knew i should have gone earlier". I said "yeah me too".

She said "I was busting to go almost two hours ago but I didn't want to miss any of the show, when it finally finished I was almost wetting myself and quickly dashed off to the loo they have in the carnival but there was a massive queue." As she told me this I felt myself becoming insanely aroused. "then i dashed down here, I didn't think i wa going to make it" she glanced at the few people in front of her and said "and i still might not". She laughed nervously and I watched as she did her sexy pee dance. The knowledge she was actually almost wetting herself was turning me on so much. I looked at her little skirt and imagined how hot it would be to see little specks of pee running out from under there.

Lucky for her the two children weren't using the toilet they were just with their mother. When she came the girl dashed in and after a few seconds I heard a huge splash as her pee hit the water in a forceful stream. She let out a relieved sigh and I went into the stall next to hers and listened to her sexy pee. I pee'd and then quickly took care of my other need and left. As i came out she thanked me again and I wanted to thank her too for giving me such a wonderful orgasm. When i got back to Matty and my sister and her bf he asked if the heat was getting to me as I looked red and flustered. I just smiled and said I was fine :p

*014*2015-01-22 01:11

This is another sighting that occured on the following day at the public toilets. In the morning we had packed our stuff up and put it in our car so that when we were ready we could just set off home. We enjoyed another day of the air show and by mid afternoon we had seen everything we wanted to see, the only things left were just some repeats of stuff from the day before and we decided to grab some lunch and then head off early to avoid the traffic. After we finished lunch the guys said they would walk down to the hotel and pick up the car whilst we finished our drinks and would come and pick us up. We finished up and went to use the toilet before heading home. We joined the queue and went and pee'd and then stood outside leaning on the wall partition between the ladies and the gents.

As we were stood chatting a couple came walking over with their dog and when they saw the line for the ladies the guy handed her the lead and said "hold him while i go". She said "I need to go too". He nodded and said "yeah but there is a queue for you, i can quickly go in and pee and come back and take him whilst you go". She agreed this was the logical thing to do and stood holding the dog. At first I didn't pay her much notice until Casey nudged me and nodded towards her. I looked over and saw she was stood fidgeting and crossing and uncrossing her legs. She kept glancing at the queue and shifting about looking nervous.

It was obvious she needed to pee and I was transfixed by her cute pee dance. A few minutes passed and she walked over and stood by the entrance. My sister asked if she was ok and she said "oh...yeah i'm fine, I'm just waiting for my husband to come out and take him so i can go too". We offered to hold the dog for her and she looked tempted but then she said "no its okay, he wont be too long". A couple more minutes passed and he came back out and she quickly gave him the dog and went to give him the bag on her back.

He said "hang on" and she said "I can't...here". She passed it him and went and joined the back of the queue. We watched as she stood in the queue now stepping from foot to foot and making bobbing motions. At first i thought she just really had to go but then after a minute or so she asked the woman in front of her something and she went ahead past the other people so i guessed she must have been really really desperate to ask to cut in line. I thought back to her little pee dance and now with the knowledge of just how bad she had to go it made it so much sexier.

*015*2015-02-01 11:59

Whilst I was at college I had to do a work experience placement and I got a placement at the country park estate where my husband worked at the time. He had done the same course as me previously and the reason i was doing it was because it sounded cool and catered to my interests. After I finished my course I got a full time job working at the park as a ranger. Being a big country park we held events throughout the year, one of which was a Halloween night. We decorated the trees and areas around the nature trail which goes round the whole park and takes in all the features and attractions and during the evening when people were walking round people would be dressed up and jump out.

I said I would work in the evening and help out and a lot of the volunteers who come in to maintain the park during the week gave up their time to help. I wanted to be out of the way from all the commotion and chose the task of monitoring the top car park at the far end of the park. We weren't allowing cars to park in it as the walk went through it and also we needed to monitor the road to make sure no one was parking on the sides of the road and causing obstructions (which we get a lot). I was told i could have one of the volunteers to help me and keep me company. I went and got in my land rover and suddenly there was a knock on the window.

I looked round and found Jane. I smiled happy that I had been sent one of the "nice" volunteers, Nice meaning one that I knew wouldn't be boring and Jane always seems really nice. She told me the organiser had asked for a volunteer who wanted to be away from all the commotion and she had wanted that and had been sent to me. I told her to jump in and she went to get her bag and came back and got in. I asked if anything else needed doing before I set off and there wasn't. I drove out of the main gate and decided to call at the shop. She came in with me and I got a couple of drinks and some snacks. When she came back she had some drinks.

We drove up and I parked across the entrance to the car park and hung a sign on the road side telling people not to park there and hung a sign on the other side directing people on the walk back into the park so they didn't end up in the woods. Once I had done that it was just a case of sitting and making sure things went fine. I put some music on and we just sat chatting and listening to the chatter on my walkie talkie. She pulled a big flask out of her bag and I laughed and commented she had come prepared. She said they had told people to dress warm and bring drinks if they wanted as they might be stood out in the cold. She said she was much happier being given a job where she could sit in a warm land rover. She poured herself a coffee and quickly drank it before refilling her cup.

Before long the walkers had set off and people began walking past us. Apart from a few people asking us questions and me having to ask a few people to stop parking on the road it was pretty quiet. I was reading the schedule of events for the evening and aimlessly reading through the program. She was sat singing along to the music. I noticed her leg was bouncing and at first thought she was just tapping along to the music but as time passed it got more noticeable and she kept shifting in her seat. We had been there for about an hour and half and she poured another cup of coffee and emptied the flask. I realised then the leg bouncing might be because she had to pee. She had finished the entire flask of coffee and even if she pee'd before leaving home it was at least 2 hours.

Another half an hour passed and now she had finished one of the bottles of pop she had bought at the shop. She seemed fidgety and I couldn't help but imagine all that liquid making its way to her bladder and I figured she must have been getting desperate. The walks were scheduled to finish at half past 8 and then there would be a firework display. It was now 8 o'clock which meant we had at least another hour and half if not 2 hours. I wasn't sure whether she had to pee or not because there were times when she was sat still and then she would have a moment of fidgeting and leg bouncing.

My question was answered when a woman knocked on the window and asked us where the nearest toilets were. I told her they if they carried on the walk for about 15 minutes they would come to a set of bathrooms but if she took the path to the left it cut straight down to where they were. She thanked us and set off. Jane laughed and said "I was just thinking the same thing". I asked her what and she said "just thinking about which set of bathrroms were the nearest". I laughed and said "that's a weird thought to have, any particular reason you are thinking that?". She laughed and said "i'm not weird, I was thinking it because that coffee has gone right through me and now I need a wee". I nodded and said she was free to go use them if she wanted. She said she would rather not walk around in the cold and the dark. I offered to drive her back down to the offices to use the bathroom but she said she was fine.

Time passed and she got more and more fidgety and I think now I knew about her need she was less shy about showing it. It got to half 8 and the fireworks started. They were due to last until 9 o'clock and then we could go back down. She kept crossing and uncrossing her legs and hand her hand in between them her legs were bouncing like crazy. I loved the fact that even though she was obviously really desperate for a wee she kept declining my offer to drive her back down to the offices. The fireworks stopped and the chatter on the radio said people were starting to move out of the park and could we have someone posted on the end of the country lane directing traffic on the main road. I called down and said I would go round.

We drove round and parked on the side of the main road. I asked Jane to stand and direct cars out when I gave the signal. I went and stood on the bend and when there was no traffic I signaled her to let cars out one at a time. As she was stood she was doing a pee dance and I wondered how desperate she was. It must have been harder now she was in the cold and stood up. After 20 minutes we got the queue of cars out of the way and we jumped back in the land rover. I asked on the radio if anything needed doing and they said no and to come back. Jane said "oh good, I really need a wee now". I laughed and said i did too and she said "yeah but i really really need a wee, I'm absolutely bursting".

As we drove back I couldn't help but think about the woman next to me with a bursting bladder. She had her hand squeezed between her legs and was leg bouncing like crazy. We pulled up outside the offices and went inside. In the offices we have two bathroom stalls. We went upstairs and a couple of people were stood outside the bathrooms. She asked if they were waiting and they said they were and she broke out into a sexy pee dance. One of the toilets came free and one of the people went in. The site manager came in and laughed and asked Jane if she was alright. "yeah im fine, too much coffee.....i've been dying for a wee for ages". The second toilet came free and the woman went in. Jane walked over to the first bathroom and knocked on the door and said "oooooo, hurry up Kev i'm bursting out here". He laughed and said "i'll be out in a minute". She danced around and said "you better be, i'm almost weeing myself out here".

I was transfixed watching her dancing around as she desperately tried not to pee. She suddenly gasped and grabbed herself and shouted "come on Kev, i can't wait much longer". The door opened and he came out, the moment he was out of the way she dashed in and a few minutes later came out looking very relieved. My manager said "looks like you enjoyed that". She laughed and said "I certainly did, that was a close one, almost made a puddle on your floor". She said her goodbyes and headed off. All they way home all i could picture in my head was her dancing around and imagining if he hadn't come out when he did, imagining what would have happened.

*017*2015-02-02 19:02

{{:

That is a really great story. Didn't you have to pee at the end of it?

}}

Yeah but not as badly, and I was holding mine till i got home so i could have some fun.

*018*2015-02-03 00:34

As mentioned in the story above I was a ranger at the country park. I had that job for just over a year and then got a new job in the park. As a ranger one of my jobs was taking part in the school visits we had. We had pupils of all ages ranging from primary school children to college kids. As a ranger I was just there to help out but I always really enjoyed it. A job opening came available for an Educational Officer and I took the job. I shared the job role with another woman and together it was our job to book school groups in for visits and to plan activities for them. For the kids it usually involved walking around the nature trail and then doing some fun activities and crafts and for the college groups it usually centered around a project they had to do.

One day we had a group of young children and I made them activity sheet to fill in on the walk round before coming back do other activities. They were year 2 students and the school were sending half one day and the other half the next day. When they arrived there were 29 children and we decided to split them into groups of 6 so each group had a teacher and a ranger to guide them on the trail and I would be with one of the groups. Once the groups were sorted I explained the activity sheet to the kids and then one by one the groups set off leaving enough time between each one for them to stop and explain certain features on the nature trail. I went with the last group with their teacher Miss Harris. I never found out her first name I just called her Miss Harris.

We set off and after an hour we reached the halfway point. This was where we planned for the kids to have lunch. There is a picnic area and playground so the plan was to let them eat and then have a play for a bit before continuing. They had their fun and then before we set off again those who needed went to the toilet and once they had been we continued. At each stop where I explained certain features I noticed that whilst she was standing still Miss Harris was shifting around. As always I assumed she was cold and paid no notice. But the further we went along her shifting got more noticeable and then she began crossing her legs when we weren't walking. As we were walking along she asked me how long before we got back and I told her about half an hour, depending on the children. At each stopping point they had questions to fill in on their sheets.

We continued on and we got back about 40 minutes later and met up with the other groups. I showed them up into the "activity" room and they all found seats and one of the teachers said before they began did anyone need the bathroom. I told them there was one just beyond the room and they didn't have to go downstairs and use the ones in the car park. She went round table by table letting a few kids at a time go. I looked over at Miss Harris who was sorting out the queue and sending the kids back once they had done. She had her legs crossed and was doing a little pee dance. Anyone looking at her would realize it was a pee dance but I guess she was keeping it subtle in front of the kids.

After 15 minutes all the kids were back in their seats and I handed out some coloring sheets. The kids set about coloring and filling in the questions. Miss Harris was sat helping them and under the table her legs were bouncing like crazy and every so often she would shift in her seat looking nervous. After 15 minutes of this she beckoned one of the other teachers over and whispered something in her ear. The teacher said something to her and she looked nervous and nodded. The kids all finished their sheets and I explained the next activity. I told the teachers to come to the front and collect the materials. They came up and I noticed Miss Harris squeezing her legs together and bobbing slightly as she stood waiting to collect things. She got the stuff and went and sat back down and set about helping the kids with their craft.

I walked round helping out and when I reached her table and started helping the kids she stood up and walked across to the "lead" teacher and said something. The teacher looked at her watch and said something. Miss Harris returned and beckoned me over. I went over and she said "I've been asked to ask you if we can have a break at some point". I said "yeah course, when would you like it". She looked at me nervous and said "well its up to you, whatever works best for your schedule, but can it be soon....the sooner the better". I thought I knew why she wanted it soon but I wanted to be sure.

"Well I can fit one in but you seem anxious for one so let me know when you want it". She looked nervously around and said "I can't tell you when to have it, I'm just anxious for one because I really have to pee and I don't want to leave the kids unattended. I nodded and told her it would be soon. She smiled and went back to helping the kids. I watched her legs bouncing under the table and couldn't help but wonder just how bad she had to go. We finished up the task once all the kids were done and I had a powerpoint to show to run through the first activity sheet they had filled in. I went through the presentation which took about 15 minutes. By the time it was done it was almost 2 o'clock and I said we would have a short break for 15 minutes.

A few of the kids that didn't go before got up when the teacher asked if anyone had to pee. I was chatting with one of the teachers at the front and she came over and chatted with us. Her subtle dancing obviously wasn't that subtle as the teacher asked her if she was alright. She laughed and said "yeah, just really gotta pee". We continued chatting and all the kids were now back in their seats. She noticed this and looked around and said "where's Cath". The other teacher said "I think she went to the loo". She nodded and said "yeah I best go before break is over, I've been waiting since lunchtime....i'm dying". She suddenly turned to me and asked if i could watch her table whilst she dashed to the loo". I said yes and she shouted thanks and ran across the room. When she came back she looked very relieved.

It made me think about how many teachers find themselves in that situation where they really have to pee but can't leave the kids so have to wait. To this day whenever I am teaching I keep a look out for signs of desperation and I have seen a couple.

*021*2015-02-03 11:23

{{:

Hi Gemmy, really enjoying your stories

I remember going on school trips as a child & the teachers would send us all to the toilet but I never remember the teachers going themselves, there must have been some desperate moments.

}}

Thanks :)

That's what i've noticed on these trips, the kids go but the teachers never seem to, and throughout the day they are drinking tea and coffee, towards the end of the day some of them look shifty and fidgety.

*024*2015-02-21 21:39

When me and my sister were kids we used to love our Auntie Jane. As we got older we realised she wasn't our real auntie but just our mums best friend who as kids we were told to call auntie. It didn't matter to us she would always be our cool auntie Jane, the fact she wasn't really our auntie mean we could get away with saying and doing a lot we would never dream of doing around our real aunt and uncle's. Now that we have moved out of our mum's house we don't see her as much as we used to but when we do see her its always fun. Some more fun than others, as the next few stories will prove.

Aunt Jane was often desperate, whether because she had drank a lot or she just hadn't bothered peeing but quite a lot she would mention she was desperate and we used to love it. These stories are the ones that have stuck in my mind because of certain factors. The first story is the most recent incident which happened just before Christmas. Me and my sister had been doing some shopping for Christmas and had gone round to our mum's afterwards. We were there for a few hours and we were wrapping presents in the living room when my mum said she was going to Jane's works Christmas party and was going to get showered and ready.

We said okay and continued wrapping our presents. About 10 minutes later a pair of headlights pulled into the drive and a few moments the front door opened. We looked up at the door as Jane walked in and her face lit up when she saw us. We both stood up and went over and hugged her. She walked through to the kitchen and then said "where's ya mum". I told her she was upstairs and she replied "oh, she must be getting ready, I'm going upstairs anyway so I'll let her know I'm here". She won't hear you, she is in the shower". She looked at me and said "oh typical, of course she in the shower when I need to pee". We all laughed and we went back to chatting.

Five minutes passed and as i looked at Jane it was obvious she needed to pee. Her legs were jiggling back and forth. Not much I know but that was her general motion when she was desperate. As if reading my thoughts she laughed and said "when did she go up". I told her about 15 minutes ago and she said "oh well....knowing her like i do she will be in their for ages....although I hope not cos I'm busting for a pee". My sister joked and said "but you are always busting for a pee when you finish work". She laughed and said "yeah i know, but lots of coffee, coupled with a really busy afternoon and busy rush hour traffic means its worse than usual". She sat down on the arm of the chair and crossed her legs and began jiggling them. If there is one thing i have always loved it is desperation in formal clothes and she was dressed in her work gear which on that day was a grey skirt and white blouse. Her outfit and watching her sexy legs wiggling was turning me on so much.

She suddenly stood up and went into the kitchen she opened the fridge and as she was stood looking inside she brought her left leg up behind her right knee and bobbed up and down. She picked out some strawberries and came and leant in the doorway. She crossed her legs and resumed her bobbing motion. She did this for about 10 minutes, all the while making gasping noises as she chatted with us. Out of nowhere she did her leg raise motion and put her hand on her crotch and let out a moan and said "I tell you what girls, if your mum doesn't get a shift on you might have to get the mop out".

My eyes widened and I obviously knew what she meant but I wanted to hear her say it. "I looked up at her puzzled and said "get...the...mop??". She laughed nervously and said "yeah, let me put it this way.....i am dying for a pee and nearly wetting myself so if she doesn't hurry up in the shower there will be a puddle to clean up". I felt my knickers dampen with arousal and judging by the look on my sisters face she had felt the same.

A couple of minutes passed and the boiler in the kitchen shut off meaning the shower had been turned off. I brought this to her attention and she said "oh thank god". She went and stood at the door into the hallway and stood pee dancing as she listened for the sound of the bathroom door opening. Her heels clicking on the wood floor as she danced sounded so sexy. After a minute or so of watching her click and squeeze her legs together the sound of the bathroom door opening was heard and she dashed off up the stairs. We heard the door slam shut and a few minutes later the toilet flushed and the door re opened. We heard her talking to mum and she said "by heck you certainly made that a close call, I thought I was going to flood your living room for a moment there". The bedroom door closed and their voices turned to muffles. Needless to say I enjoyed seeing Auntie Jane that day

