Last Ride in My Old Car

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-08-20 16:54

Last winter, I was out enjoying one last ride in my black 92 Plymouth Laser. She was in a terminal condition, and I knew it. I decided to cruise the parkway, like back in the old days, with a bowl and a couple bottles of Diet Pepsi. I was feeling kind of frisky that afternoon, and wanted to soak my pants when I got back home, and maybe make a vid of it. So, I drove around aimlessly, filling my bladder and getting pleasantly chiefed and quite suddenly, I was having a total pee emergency! I didn't want to pee my pants in the car; not again. I was on a main thoroughfare at the time, and while I could have stopped at a gas station or McDonald's, I really doubted my abililty to make it all the way to the restroom at either place; I would have to go somewhere less public so I could just pee right beside my car, so I headed back to the parkway.

I was already all but peeing myself already, I had to squirm and hold myself and my driving was suffering. Every single picnic area I tried to pull into was closed off and unplowed. Finally, I remembered the nature center and headed in that direction. I didn't make it there, hot spurts of pee were fast soaking me, and soaking into my driving pillow. A short drive led down to the parking lot of the nature center, and I saw people standing around with sleds and stuff down in the lot, so I just pulled over at the side of the drive and got out, helplessly soaking my jeans and boots as I ran over to the passenger side.

Even though I was already drenched, I lowered my jeans and undies and squatted, gushing hot pee into the snow. No sooner had I begun to get my much-needed relief then a minivan turned into the drive, it's headlights showing me peeing in the snow, the occupants laughing at me. I raked my pissy pants up and hurried into the car, wet and cold, but somewhat relieved. I hadn't managed to get rid of even half of what I was holding, but I no longer felt in immediate danger of wetting my pants. I hurried home. That sense of security only lasted a few miles. Before I was home, I needed to pee again.

And this time, I was soaked and my bladder was tired. I just said fuck it and just let it flow in my jeans at a stoplight, and continued as I drove. I peed so much it pooled up and soaked my lap, too. It soaked through my driving pillow and wet the seat, and dripped on the floor; I had to go so bad. I completely emptied myself, and was soon quite aroused. I spent the rest of the drive home with a hand in my pants, and when I pulled in the driveway, I had to pee again, I couldn't believe it! I took my boots and coat off and went into the bathroom. I lowered my jeans and undies to my hips and peed into them as I played. When I was finally empty, I pulled them back up and came in them. It was an awesome afternoon, and also ended up being the last day I drove my car. R.I.P., 92 Plymouth Laser.

