Had some wet play, told me wife, claimed an accident

Author: Barry

*000*2015-10-18 00:55

Woke up feeling naughty yesterday, and wanted a bit of little time. Of course having just woken up, I needed to pee rather badly, so I thought I would have some fun. I knew I was fairly safe, as my wife had worked late and would sleep in, and the kids were either at work, or at sleepovers. But I still had to be discreet.

Wearing my light green satin boxers with Angry Birds print, and a singlet only, I paused and took my camouflage pattern onesie from my wardrobe. It's been too warm to sleep in it, but I like to wear it in the mornings.

I went into the bathroom, and kind of folded my boxer shorts around my willie, then squatted down and peed through them, forcing the stream into the bowl. I did this to minimise the mess, and I wasn't trying to simulate a real accident yet, but just wanted to enjoy the feel of wet pants. I didn't want to completely soak them all over, but just try for a nice round wet patch, which I succeeded in getting. I only peed enough to get rid of the uncomfortable urgency, and I wanted to save some for later. I used a towel to wipe the excess drips off, them put my onesie on over the top.

Feeling nice and wet, but having it unnoticeable is great, and I went to the kitchen and made coffee, all the while giving myself a squeeze through the fabric. I felt my onesie get damp where I was squeezing, but being camouflage you can't tell.

I spent the next hour drinking coffee, reading stories and watching videos on this site, and continued to rub and squeeze the wet satin of my shorts. They didn't stay wet for long though, and were pretty dry within 20 minutes. So after I'd read a bit, I was starting to slip into little mode. I read some more stories, but let one hand slip into my crotch while I relaxed my bladder. My undelivered morning pee was now backed up by the coffee, and I could feel the urge to pee again, although not urgently.

After a while, as I relaxed for a 3 count, I felt a sudden squirt, and my hand got warm and wet. I was really into little mode now, and felt like a young boy who had put off going to the toilet, and was suddenly starting to wet his pants. I jumped up, and "ran" to the toilet, dribbling pee down my legs as I went. When I got there, I pretended to have trouble with my buttons, and I peed myself in spurts as I finally got it undone, and pulled my wet shorts down, and peed into the toilet. Again, I didn't empty my bladder completely.

By the time I'd finished, my boxers were soaked on the front where I'd been holding myself, and I had pee all down my legs and over my feet. There was a little puddle on the floor where my onesie was dripping from the crotch. I used a towel again to soak up the excess. Luckily the feet of my onesie were still relatively dry, so I buttoned it up and went back to the kitchen.

I made more coffee, and bacon and eggs. The whole time I kept squirming around, and exploring my wet clothes with my hands, trying to trace the wet patch.

Anyway, I cooked and ate breakfast. By this stage I was starting to get cold, so I decided it was time for a shower. So I went to the bathroom, where I stood legs spread in the shower and completely let go, and even pushed down on my bladder, completely emptying it into my clothes with a strong stream.

Afterward, I hopped into the shower, then put my wet clothes through the wash with other laundry, which I hung on the outside line after.

Fast forward to the afternoon. I'd been out, had some beers, then came home and drank some more. I had quite a buzz on by this stage. When I arrived home, the house was empty, as the wife was performing her role as general servant and taxi driver to the kids as usual. I decided to bring the washing in, as it was all dry by now.

As I was carrying it in, my wife came home. She saw me carrying the laundry, and thanked me for doing it, as well as some other housework I'd done in her absence. I said "No problem," but for some reason, probably the alcohol, and the fact my now clean and dry onesie was sitting on top of the basket I was holding, made me feel daring.

"I really had to do the washing anyway," I said, "I had a bit of an accident with my onesie this morning."

"What happened?" She asked, thinking I must've spilled something on it or something.

"Quite funny actually," I said, "I peed in it."

"You what? You wet yourself?" She doesn't share my link, and while she knows I like seeing females wet their pants, she has no idea that I love doing it, or that I like being little. She has seen me wet the bed while drunk once, and have a minor accident a couple of times, again while drinking, but really has no idea about my "dark side."

I hastily explained, "Not like that. I didn't have an accident, but I accidentally peed in them"

I continued, " I went to the toilet, undid the lower buttons, then poked my willie out of the button fly of my boxers. As I was peeing, I stretched, arching my back. I wasn't holding with my hand, and suddenly while I stretched, my willie slipped back into my boxers while I peed. I didn't realise until I had pee running down my leg, and I couldn't stop straight away. I was soaked, and made a puddle on the floor. I had to have a shower straight away and do some washing" I laughed.

She just gave me a semi disgusted look and shook her head. "At least it was in the bathroom " was her only reply.

I had hoped it may have initiated a discussion on the topic perhaps, but I guess by now I have to learn its not going to be a subject that we talk about.

It did make me feel little and naughty to say the magic words, "I wet my pants...."

