Online meeting with Tanya (pics)

Author: lukerossi

*000*2014-03-09 06:02

I met Tanya online in a forum built for surfers. We both had monotonous jobs that allowed for plenty of time to spend trawling the web. Tanya worked for a large company in Melbourne, while I was commuting an hour each way to Brisbane from the Gold Coast.

Each day we’d spend hours trolling through threads dedicated to a actual water-sport and never did I think it would lead me towards real watersports encounters.

After weeks of contributing to group threads, Tanya and I got chatting privately on MSN, where we started to find out more about one another. Tanya was 27 and I was 21, but the conversation still flowed freely. Although we lived in the same country and had seen photos of one another, there was still a sense of anonymousness online and I felt comfortable chatting to her. I’d even stay back late at work because we’d be in such deep conversation sometimes.

Like these things do, a particular chat started to get a little flirty and it was then that I felt that I’d love to come clean about my pee fetish. I dipped a toe in the water by confessing my love of skirts; namely how turned on I was by seeing underwear underneath one.

Later that week, Tanya had returned home from shopping and jumped online with me. She said she’d just bought a couple of new skirts and dresses and wondered if she could really pull them off. “Send me a photo and I’ll tell you,” I said innocently.

She quickly replied with a photo of the lower half of her body standing facing a mirror. It was pretty standard denim mini skirt and it looked great, Tanya had great tanned and muscular legs so I told her how hot she looked.

She thanked me and then up popped another photo. “I thought you’d probably like this one then too.” Facing the mirror, Tanya had squat down with her legs spread and I could see she was wearing a pair of satin white panties on underneath.

This kind of back and forth flirting and “up skirt” photos continued for about a week, until one Friday night where neither of us had anything to do. We decided we’d “go for a drink” which consisted of both of us drinking and chatting at our online bar. A few drinks later, the talk turned to fantasies and turn ons. This was my chance.

I confessed my pee fetish and Tanya’s reaction was quite accepting and nonjudgmental.

The next day at work, we jumped back online and straight away Tanya said, “I tried your little thing last night.”

“What thing?” I replied.

“Your pee thing! I couldn’t really work it out so I thought i’d better at least give it go. It’s not bad actually.”

I was in shock and demanded to know every detail!

She explained that as she went to have her shower that evening, she’d stripped down to her lacey blue underwear before deciding to leave them on and pee them in the shower. She said she’d enjoyed it and would definitely try it again sometime. “Well next time I want evidence!” I said.

I used the opportunity to recount some stories I’d read on websites like Wetset from other women who loved to pee themselves. She jumped on the website to read some for herself and she also trawled through few photos.

Eventually she had to leave and I was left hard and excited!

The next day I woke to an email from Tanya with a that magical little paperclip that tells you there’s an attachment. The subject read “Shhhhh”. My heart pounded as I furiously clicked to open the email.

“Found a few more sites last night when I got home and decided to give it another go away from the shower. Thought you’d probably want evidence,” read the email.

I clicked on the first of eight images and it was a standard up skirt with a khaki short skirt and a purple G-string.

As a clicked through them, my heart pounded more and more as each photo revealed that Tanya was sitting there in her bedroom, on the floor facing a mirror and peeing herself.

When I spoke to her later that day, she told me that this time, it had really turned her on. The act of taking the photos and knowing what my reaction would be, had really got her engines revving.

This continued for weeks, maybe months and each time Tanya would find some new inspiration and would want to try bigger and better things. I was there to suggest those things! There was even one instance where she’d decided to pee herself on the train home from work and had purposely worn black pants to allow her to do it without anyone seeing. She said she’d just let go spurts the whole way home and loved the feeling of her pee slowly seeping into the seat underneath her. The best part she said, was that know one around her knew what she was doing, and when she finally arrived home, she’d let the floodgates open in her kitchen while her flatmate was watching TV in the next room. Of course, I then got my evidence!

Next: Meeting Tanya for the first time.

The first photo

Surprise upskirt

Tanya's first wetting pics

The train ride aftermath

*004*2014-03-09 20:48

{{ 

Agreed! Finding people who are willing to accept this fetish; let alone try it for themselves can sometimes be rare - but you sir have found a talent for going about things "the right way" ---- always love to hear stories like these from males or females! Wonderful to read - thank you for sharing!

*hugs*

Guru

}}

This was quite a while ago FetishGuru and unfortuantely we're not really very close anymore. Que Sera.

