Diving Wetting - Page 2

Author: Innate Tangent

*026*2011-02-13 23:18

{{:

Even if you don't drink anything, being in the pool or even the ocean makes you want to pee.

}}

That's true. In fact there is a physical reason for that. Called submersion enurensis. Basically the idea is that being underwater causes a fluid shift within your body, similar to being weightless. The water has a similar density to your blood, and hence it takes alot less effort (than under normal gravity) for your heart to pump blood upwards to your head, and more effort to pump it downwards to your feet. This fluid shift increaces blood presure, and causes your kidneys to increace urine production to compensate. The same thing happens to astronaughts in zero g.

A few weeks ago, a strange thing happened. I slept through my alarm at 5:30, and I had to jump out of bed and step strait into my pants and shirt and ran straight out the door. I had to rush to pack all my SCUBA gear into my car. Then I had to rush to unload and set up my gear, put on my suit, lug tbe 80lb of gear to the shore and hurridly swim out and load it onto the boat. You've probably noticed what I'd forgotten to do by now. I'd forgotten to pee. But I didn't realise that at the time. I was checking my gear on the boat, and double checking my buddy's gear as he checked mine. We got to the dive site and rolled backwards over the side of the boat into the water. It's weird cause it takes time for you to get wet, as the wet suit is thick enough to block almost all the water. So I vented my BC, and we decended to 72 feet, it was really cool, there was a wreck that was mostly intact. 

About 10 minutes into the dive I started to get intense pain in my lower abdomen - which is very unusual, as almost all diving related illnesses occur on the accent. I figured it must just be a pulled muscle or something, so I just ignored it. 

About 5 minutes later it clicked. I needed to pee! So I let some out and I felt alot better, the weirdest thing was that there was no other signs. I literally had no idea that I had to pee - how does that happen? I swam over to a hole in the wreck and knelt on the bottom, pretending that I was looking inside with my torch, but really I just needed to stop moving my legs so I could pee. It felt awesome.

