Birthday Party

Author: orcslayer

*000*2015-07-23 08:56

This is another story involving my small-bladdered friend Natalie :))

For as long as I can remember Natalie always had her birthday parties at her house. And it was always the same: we would eat cake, unwrap presents, play games, eat dinner and finish off with a movie and popcorn. It was a little awkward for me because I was always the only boy there with about 5 of Natalie's female classmates that I didn't know because we went to different schools. So we'd usually end up playing girly games and I would sneak downstairs and eat more cake while the girls gossipped and the movie was usually something involving Barbies. But I went and put up with it all because Natalie was my best friend. (and cake). Anyway, this particular party I remember very vividly, because the birthday girl had a little accident ;) I'm pretty sure it was her 12th or 13th birthday.

I went over to her house (which was 2 doors down from mine) at 2pm. 10 minutes later everyone else had arrived and we ate cake. I watched Natalie down 2 glasses of water. A while later Natalie was opening her presents. Her mother came over and asked her if she wanted more water and she shook her head quickly, squirming slightly on her chair. From then on I was watching her every move like a hawk.

About 30 minutes later we went up to her room and sat down on the floor to play various board games. My eyes were glued to Natalie but she was making no signs of needing to use the bathroom and I was starting to think I had imagined it. But then I saw it. When everyone else was bent over the gameboard, she changed her position to sit on her heels, one on top of the other, and bounced up and down a few times. She continued her bouncing for the next hour, occasionally grinding herself down on to her heel and rubbing her palms up and down her thighs. When one of the girls excused herself for the bathroom, Natalie bit her lip. Her rocking back and forth increased continuously, until it seemed she could hardly concentrate on the game anymore. (Neither could I for that matter).

Finally her mother came in and said dinner was ready. We all went downstairs and ate hotdogs. I couldn't help but notice that everyone drank their apple juice except for Natalie. Her mother cleared the table and asked us what movie we wanted to watch. I don't remember what it was, but she put it in, gave us 2 bowls of popcorn and disappeared. At this point 2 girls said they needed to pee before starting the movie and as Natalie watched them go into the bathroom, a sort of longing expression crossed her face. I knew there was no way she would admit her need in front of 6 other people. I wondered whether she was gonna make it through the 2 hour movie.

I didn't pay attention to anything that was happening on screen. I was sitting next to Natalie and could feel the constant jiggle of her leg against mine. About halfway through the movie she was bouncing around so much that the girl on the other side of her asked her if she could sit still. She apologized and tried to sit still, but failed. Finally she resorted to sitting on her heels again with a hand in her crotch. It was relatively dark and everyone was concentrated on the movie so they didn't notice, but she kept grinding down on her hand.

When that wasn't still wasn't enough, she held herself with both hands. At one point she caught me staring at her and our eyes met. She knew that I knew about her desperation. I leaned into her ear and whispered "how bad do you have to go?" even though I knew the answer and she whispered back "really bad, I don't know if I can hold it till the end of the movie." Her voice shook slightly. I said "then go" but she said "I'll go when I can't hold it anymore." She was driving me fucking crazy.

Miraculously, she made it till the end of the movie and just as it ended, the doorbell rang and parents appeared to pick the other girls up. Natalie said goodbye to them from the couch, as I suspect she couldn't move for fear of leaking. When they were gone her mother came in and cleaned up the room. She eyed Natalie squirming around on the couch with her hands between her legs and asked her discreetly if she had to use the bathroom. Natalie answered "no I'm okay mom".

Now we have this tradition of continuing the party after all the others are gone so I made no move to leave. Innocently I asked her if she wanted to play some more games in her room. She waited till her mother left the room and then gave me a panicked look. "I have to go so bad, I think it might come out if I move"

I gaped at her for a while before saying "Let's hurry upsairs to the bathroom. I'll help you." She bit her lip and nodded. Unsure of what to do, I put my hand on her back as she gingerly slid down from the couch, legs crossed, ass pushed out to the back, both hands jammed in her crotch. She started whimpering as she hobbled to the stairs. "Oh god," she finally gasped, as she attempted to go up the first step.

"You can make it," I encouraged, as she took another careful step. It was an uphill battle. Literally. Three more steps and she was at her limit, prancing from foot to foot, bobbing so low down she was practically squatting and I thought she was gonna take a pee on the stairs. "Oh god," she said again and I saw a small wet patch appear on her ass. She took another step and I watched the patch expand. A thin dark trail made its way down the inside of her thigh and it wasn't stopping. Suddenly Natalie took off up the stairs and I ran to follow her. I watched the trail expand down to her knee as she ran into the bathroom. She made no move to close the door behind her so I followed her in, locking the door behind me. She danced around the toilet, frantically attempting to unbutton and unzip her pants.

I stood in front of her in a sort of daze, just staring at the streaks of wetness spreading down both her legs. I don't know why she even bothered to pull her soaked pants down at that point. But she did, and sat on the toilet bowl, wetting loudly through her white cotton panties. The force of her stream was so strong, some of it sprayed over the edge of the toilet seat. When she was done, she was red-faced and embarrassed, but stripped off her pants anyway, asking me if I could get her a dry pair from her closet. I did as she asked and helped her clean up the drops of urine on the floor. I was so aroused I told her I had to go home because my parents wanted me.

*009*2015-09-07 06:21

Thanks for your positive feedback guys :)

As to if she's into holding/desperation i dont know but i'm starting to think she is... i dont know how to explain it...it's this unspoken thing between us i think we're both too scared/ashamed to bring it up...

And yes i do think she has a small bladder, because i've known her for almost 20 years now and still whenever we hang out she gets desperate after 2 or 3 hours, even if she doesnt drink much..

