A Wee Wetting story

Author: JohnnyPgood

*000*2015-03-27 03:51

Here is my very first attempt at writing a wetting story. I hope this is the place to include it. Enjoy! JPG

One evening last December I was invited to go to an event that was a formal dinner called a "dining out." The event required that a specific uniform was to be worn. I was, as I always do for this dinner, required to put on a Scottish kilt. I was to arrive at the dinner for cocktails at 6:30 and dinner at 7pm. The drive would likely take about 45 minutes from my home. I assembled myself in my dress jacket and kilt, dress shoes and such and made sure I looked sharp. As this was a uniform, I had to make sure everything was in order.

It was a Saturday and I had been busy all day. I was kind rushed and left in a hurry to get to the event early. I got into my car and drove off not realizing that I hadn't gone to pee before leaving. At the time it hadn't occurred to me to go. I had finished a large glass of juice while getting ready. Feeling slightly dehydrated, I had another as I shaved and combed my hair. I had a bottled water resting my car's cup holder to be consumed as I drove along. As I had left early, I wasn't concerned about any traffic that I might otherwise have encountered along the way. I climbed into my car and adjusted my kilt as I did so. I fastened my safety belt and drove off.

I left the house and figured a 45 minute drive I'd be fine and get there in plenty of time to enjoy the festivities and the formal occasion. Not having peed before leaving didn't seem to be an issue at the time and it never entered my mind. Becoming thirsty along the way, I opened a water bottle that I had in the cup holder and took a long swallow enjoying the coolness of it on my tongue and my throat. So, what was I to do but enjoy some more. I motored along merging onto the freeway and then onto a long bridge.

The bridge was 12 miles with no where to stop along the way. Traffic was heavy. Very heavy. I was delayed with stop and go traffic for miles of the bridge. I didn't think to much of it as I still had time to get to my destination on time. I consumed more water. Most of the bottle was done in no time at all. I made it across the bridge ok and then merged onto another freeway. As I did, I noticed that I became somewhat waterlogged. I took a deep breath and suddenly realized that...uh oh...I need to go pee...Not badly yet, but I do need to go. "Well" I thought to myself. "I can make it to the destination ok. I can hold it. It's not so bad. Surely I can hold it for the remaining 30 or so minutes." I continued on..

Oh no...I thought to myself....I see break lights ahead. I hope there aren't major delays in traffic. What were these cars doing on the road. We were nearly at a standstill. No gas station in sight. I didn't want to pull off and find an exit to drive around to find a gas station not knowing where one was. I didn't want the delay either. So, I sat in the car finding it getting a little more uncomfortable as my bladder was full. I wasn't desperate yet, but I was definitely feeling like I had to go...soon. I looked down at my kilt and then back up to the road. I looked at the empty water bottle. "Why didn't I go pee before I left?" I thought to myself. "Why did I drink all that juice and then more water?" I asked.

I turned up the stereo looking for any distraction I could to get my mind off of having to go pee. That worked for about half a minute. I suddenly realized that I was going to be uncomfortable till I could find a place to go. "Oh Geez..." I squirmed in the car seat, shifting from left to right as if trying to find a way to get momentarily less uncomfortable. I took a deep breath...Traffic seemed to pick up speed and I found that to be only a slight relief. Still no sign of a gas station. I looked on either side of the freeway...nothing. I merged onto the final freeway and it was now a straight shot to the destination.

The road sign said 20 miles to the city I needed and it would be another 4-5 miles till my exit. Oh man...I didn't know this area very well and still I see no exits with service stations. I have no choice but to motor on. What ever would I do? I couldn't just pull off the freeway and risk getting caught by the highway patrol or viewed by other motorists. I reached down to my kilt and moved my sporran out of the way. I took hold of my cock through the material of my kilt to see if that might help. I groaned and bit my lip and tried desperately to prevent any pee from leaking out.

I'm squirming in my kilt in the seat of my car. I've been shifting as I drive and have been holding onto my cock through my kilt. I have on a pair of black shorts underneath my kilt ( not wearing anything underneath is known as going "commando" or "regimental" and is common among kilt wearers!). In an effort to help in keeping myself from peeing on myself I figured it would be a good idea to lift up my kilt, reach under and take hold of my cock directly and to keep my pee at bay. I continued squirming uncontrollably. My left hand on the stearing wheel, my right hand on my cock. I squeezed tightly. I continued to look on both sides of the freeway and found no gas station. I see a frontage road that paralleled the freeway... but saw no offramp and the road was much to lit for pulling off to find a place to pee with any privacy.

I had no choice but to keep driving and try to hold it. I strained my cock and my bladder was full and desperate for emptying. I feared leaking on myself and my kilt. What was I to do? I reached my hand into my shorts and looked down to see my exposed legs under my kilt. It was a good thing it was dark or anyone driving in the lane next to me would have seen my legs and my hands in my shorts...The exit was miles away still and it seemed that at any moment I'd leak and pee all over myself. "Oh God...please please please let me find an exit so I can find a place to stop and pee." I thought out loud. I knew I would not be able to wait much longer and that if I were to I'd be sitting in a puddle of pee. I decided that the next exit I'd have to pull off and pull over and find a place.

The next road sign indicated that the next exit was one more mile. I groaned out loud and squirmed. I looked down at my shorts still covering my hand holding my cock. I let go of my cock momentarily so that I could adjust my kilt so that if I peed, even a little, I might not get any on my kilt. As I let go of my cock and shifted my kilt I felt a few drop leak out of the tip of my cock and onto my shorts..."Oh no!" I thought...I stepped on the accelerator and sped up as I pulled off the freeway exit. My ass lifted off the seat of the car and I grabbed my cock again and prevented any more pee from coming out...

I turned right and right again and headed south looking for a dark secluded place to go. None seemed to be in sight at first until I proceeded another mile. The squirming continues...I'm breathing more heavily and I can feel some of the warmth of my pee on my hand that leaked into my shorts. I desperately shift trying to make sure none get onto my kilt. Finally, I see a dark stretch of the frontage road near a construction fenced site. On the side is a large storage shed that appears unlit. Oh man...relief is in site. I speed up and slam on the breaks shut off the lights to avoid drawing attention to my car and make sure no one knows that I"m there doing anything at all. I open the door step out quickly, look around to make sure no one was coming.

I step toward the storage shed and finally find a spot that seems safe. I lift my kilt and pull my shorts down to my knees and let my cock go. My cock strained and released my flow of pee...OHHhhhh...I groaned and sighed in ecstasy... There was so much pee flowing I was there for several minutes, my legs exposed to the cold December night. I could feel the warmth of the pee that first landed on my shorts on my knees. I could hear the splashing of my flow of pee onto the ground in front of the storage shed. In the dark, I could still see a puddle drifting off to my right. I continued to sigh and moan in relief and could feel the heat of my warm pee rising up. I spread my legs so that I could avoid getting any on my boots. At one point, I thought I was done, but wanted to make sure so I stood longer and tugged onto my cock pulling yet more pee from my bladder and the tip of my cock.

I looked around again to make sure no one was coming down the road in either direction. Seeing no one I decided it would be a good idea to remove my shorts since they were damp from pee that had leaked onto my shorts and from when I first started to pee. Drops of pee dripped onto my shorts and I didn't want to be wet during the banquet and have pee on my kilt. As I finished peeing, I gave my cock a final tug and shake and stepped way from newly form puddle of pee. I took a deep breath and pulled my shorts down past my knees and stepped out of them.

I lowered and adjusted my kilt and straightened myself. I look around once more and proceeded to to car. I took my shorts and wadded them up and put them into the back seat. I sat in my car and closed my eyes and sighed in relief that I'd been able to relieve myself safely and now could look forward to a comfortable event....No one had any idea that I was underwear less during the event nor did anyone ever know how close I came to peeing on myself...Any time I drive past this road I remember my peeing episode....

So, there you have it! Hope you enjoyed it. Feel free to comment. Love to hear what you might think.

JPG

*002*2015-03-28 17:10

I'm glad you liked this story. It is true. I wonder, what reaction you would have had if you had been in the car with me? What would you do or say as you watched me squirming as my bladder became more full? What would you have done to or for me? Would you have made me more desperate in some way? Would you have made me think of water and fluids in some attempt to make me want to pee more urgently?

FYI...The shorts were black running shorts. I wouldn't say they were really tight but held my package in the pouch snuggly.

