Wet myself at school II

Author: Lukhas

*000*2014-12-13 13:57

One of my biggest accident happened when I was in year 9 (over 14 year old). I was always pee shy boy- I did not like to pee in public bathrooms (schools included) and I was too shy to ask to go to the bathroom. I thinked that I could be refused and I did not want that other classmates followed my fight with my bladder. It was stupid- I know- because many of our teachers let us go and to pee yourself in front of other classmates is really humiliating.

This day we was in the cinema. Between 8-12 a.m. was school closed due to water equipment fixing. So all of classrooms got another activities instead of teaching on the first part of the day.

We choosed cinema. It took 20 minutes by tramway to the cinema. My last bathrooms visit tok place right before I left my appartment. Breakfast was as usually- some bread with cheese or salami and hot tee.

The cinema was one part of big shopping center and naturally I bought in one fast food the biggest coca-cola and the biggest fries. But both two guards did not let us go to the cinema with food which was bought outside of cooperatings fast foods. So I drank all of my cola and hid my pomfries under my jacket.

After one half hour I felt need to pee but I said for me self that I am finished with cola so it must be great to hold it if I did not have another drink. But my need raised quickly. But I was too shy to stand up and to go to the bathroom- in addition I was seated in the middle of row. For me it was embarrassing to ask another to let me go and disturb them.

About 30 minutes before movie ended we got commercial break. It was always before denouement. Many of my classmates used this break to go to the bathroom but not me. Many other in public bathrooms was not liked by me. And my need was stabilized. In addition after movie it should be time to go, other was in break so I should be alone in the bathroom. It was my thinking.

After movie our teacher asked if we could go- all replied yeah, so I was not brave enough to say something. Our teacher decided that we could go to the first station and tok out tramway there- better to get seat. My need was really bad at that time and worse outside due to cold weather.

When we went around McDonalds I tok all of my courage and asked if I could go to the bathroom there. Some of other classmates wanted to buy something so I was not alone which wanted one stop there. It was great, I managed to ask, wow I was good...but my enthusiasm was stopped when I looked at the bathrooms door. There was a sign: keys are at the cashiers desk. And my problem was back- was too shy to ask for them. Instead of I went out and pretended that all was all right.

After a few minutes we was at tramway stop. I was desperate. I knew that I could not hold it for another 30 minutes. At the same time I was too shy to pee in front of classmates. One of my classmates Carroline suddenly come over me and strarted to talk with me:

Carroline: what is going on? You look haggard....

Lukas: I am about to wet myself

Carroline: so go there (and showed me way by hand) there are some trees and pee there. I think you do not want to pee yourself.

I was surprised by Carroline, yes I can pee there. And I hurried up to the place. In the middle of the way I felt how a little spurt came in my briefs and I was in panic. I tried to stop it by my hands but it helped for some seconds. After a few seconds I started to pee in my jeans, tried to stop it but I only saw and felt how wet patch spread from my crotch down to my leg to my knees and I could see how my pee run from my trousers and created puddle on the sidewalk.

Tears came down from my face- I peed myself in front of classmates. It was not for first time but now I was over 14 year old boy. I did not have an idea how to hide it, thinked that was unpossible. But suddenly I heard Carroline:

Carroline: everything OK..... oh no, you dit it in your pants...... Mrs. Levane (teacher) Lukas wet himself!

Teacher: did you not visit bathrooms in McDonalds before one quarter ago? Do you have health problems? What happened?

Lukas: there was closed in McDonalds...

Teacher: why did not you say anything? Now you must stay in your peed jeans. Hei kids has anybody spare clothes here? Lukas wet himself and he needs new clothes.

All of my classmates laughed at me and nobody had clothes. So I stayed in my peed jeans all way back. The way back was full of ridicules to me. I was star of this day. When we went out from tramway teacher proposed that we could go around my appartment and I could change there. I lied that I had at school gym clothes because it was possible that my mummy could be at home. My classmates already knew that I did it in jeans but not mummy. And I did not want to involve another person to my humiliating.

So last lesson I was seating behind my desk in my peed pants. Everyone knew it. Humiliating was over. I was excited that I was seating in the class in peed jeans. I only little bit squeezed my knees some time and got orgasm in the middle of classroom. So it was not only bad day :-)

*002*2014-12-15 12:06

I noticied that I liked to pee on my jeans or pants when I peed myself in year one- by the way from school, without witnesses at that time. Only my mummy was at home. I felt something nice when warm pee run down my legs but at that time I did not know something about exciting or pee fetish. As you I started to notice other friends and classmates which was in pee troubles and I wished that they did not manage to hold it anymore and pee themself. Sometimes it happened :-)

Yes and I was and have been also pee shy. I like to pee only at my home. I do not like public WC. If I must use them I try to get cabin.

