Amazingly unbelivable girlfriend

Author: Hugo

*000*2015-05-18 07:28

Hi! I've been on this forum for a long time now, but never posted anything actually relevant. So, after all this time I've read too many stories that are like too good to be true and never believed in them. You know, that "she wetted herself and got super horny and now she's all into it" stories. But then I start to date one girl and I still cannot believe how lucky I am and how funny coincidences are, so after a little talk with my girlfriend, I've decided to post my story on here just to share with you, guys. Also, I'm mexican, so sorry if I my english isn't perfect

Well, everything started when I got in university. I like to make friends and it wasn't long until I found a group of people I liked. On that little group, there was this girl, let's call her C, and she inmediatly got my eye because she's a redhead with cute little freckles. She was very shy but we started to chat almost every night and at school we spent a lot of time together.

After a month or something, we had to go to museums and stuff at the city's centre. To get there, you need to get on the subway, which in Mexico is pretty crowded. My friends and I were planning to go together, but C was reclutant to travel on subway. She told me she used to have like panic attacks on long trips or closed places. It's not exactly claustrophobia, but something like that. She gets sweaty and has trouble to breathe, but what called my atention, is that what makes her nervous, it's the needing to pee and not having a place close to go. She made me promise not to tell anyone and I thought it was cute, and a little funny honestly. Of course, that gave a lot of chances to watch her get desperate for the bathroom, and even though I find it sexy, i felt guilty because she really got pretty nervous. But I was always there to calm her down or just distract her of the situation. I liked her a lot, and we had a special bond after all those late night conversations.

When the first semester was over, some girl made a party at her house and we all went there, after some drinks, C and I started to dance and eventually kissed. We were something like best friends at the moment and it was weird in the beginning, but it all worked out and we've been a couple for more than a year <3

So, well, like three or four monts later, I told her about my fetish. I've never told ANYONE before her. My last girlfriend found out because she saw some video on my computer, and she never told me directly but made a lot of indirect comments about how gross it was or how you needed to be crazy to do stuff like that, so we never actually had that talk. Anyway, C laughed when I told her cause she thought I was joking with her and her little problem. But when I told her it was for real, she was amazed, but didn't really said anything about doing it.

I didn't mention it again, but a week later, she sent a video of her wetting her panties!! I was shocked, she told she decided to give it a try and how she liked that much, she did it again just to make that video. And some others she sent me on the next days. When I told her about making it for me, she said she'd think about it, so I chose not forcing her or anyhing. If she'd liked it, I thought it wouldn't be long until we get to that point.

Oh, how right was I. Eventually, we went to a hotel and we started to make out. We like a little of roleplay, and she was pretending to be my student and telling me how she needed a better grade. She got on my lap and began to unbutton my shirt and to take off her dress. I was already hot, but she said something with the sexiest naughtiest voice she has: "teacher, I need to pee". That blew my mind, it was pretty hard to stay on character but I told her something like: "you can go to the bathroom, but then you'll lose your grade and I won't be able to help you later". She complained about how bad she needed to go. By this point, my pants were on my knees and she was wearing nothing but her panties and some knee socks she bought just for the ocassion, as she said me later.

"Please, can I go now? We can continue later" she told me. I was dying to see her pee, but I also liked watching her all fidgety. We were both sitting, but she was on top of me and started to rub herself and said to my ear "if you don't let me go, I will pee on you. Do you really want that?" My only answer was a big moan, I couldn't resist how she was teasing me. When I was about to answer, I felt the warm liquid on my underwear. For five seconds, she just peed but after that she was rubbing herself on me faster and faster. It was pure glory, she kept going for what seemed like forever. After that, it only took little touch of each other to "finish". It was one of the best experiences I've ever had. She now likes to turn me on telling me stuff like "I really need the bathroom" and making little pee-pee dances and have now experienced a few times with it.

But this isn't the end. I also have a thing for diapers, but I didn't told her until three months ago because I was scared of what she'll say. I know it may sound dumb after all, but I was insecure x) When I told her, she said that it was the weirdest thing she had ever heard, she was genuinely surprised and I thought she was grossed out and regreted my comment. Again, we didn't spoke about it, but on those after-sex conversations, I told her what I felt, she said she just haven't heard about that before, and then confessed me something else. Apparently, when she started to get her panic attacks and relating it to the bathroom, she started to wear diapers! She only wore them like three or four times (one of those at school!) and never actually used them. That's why she was so surprised, cause she never thought anyone would find her sexy like that and was very worried about having to wear them forever, or having an accident in front of a boy.

We've never done anything with diapers and have only seen her wearing them on some pictures, but she's very open to the idea. We met in a hard moment of her life, because it was on that time she started with all those problems, but she's better now. I always tried to be comprehensive when she felt nervous and stuff, it never was that bad but it was awkward for her, and I'm happy to be the one who helped her throught those things and now we laugh about the whole situation.

Sorry if this was too long and boring, I know how all of this sounds and would undestand if you don't believe it, but I still wanted to share my story with you. I hope this will inspire those who haven't told your significant others about your fetish.

Also, if anyone wants to talk -not just about omorashi, but anything at all- it would be amazing, cause I like making friends on internet and then I could practice my english

*005*2015-05-26 07:47

Thank you a lot, guys :) I know, right? I still cannot belive it happend. I'm sorry if it's a boring story, we're still talking about sharing some photos or making a tumblr. When that happens, I swear I'll let you know.

