A first desperation attempt

Author: s1r4c7

*000*2014-09-20 01:53

This has been something I have been mildly turned on by for a few years, but nothing more then a mild curiosity? Something usually satisfied by reading some fanfic, something I never thought I might try.

(Not that I ever thought it would be out of the question, of course. I try not to, like, stop myself from doing something that I want to do (if it's, you know, legal). I never thought I would get a tattoo, but I have one of those. I never thought I'd move half-way across the country, but I did that too. My point is mainly that I never really thought this would be something I seriously considered doing in practice, not just fantasy and theory.)

But you know how sometimes you just get so overwhelmed? So manic in the stress of your life and you just get so busy that your usual outlets of stress relief get pushed back because your life is so unmanageable?

I had one of those weeks.

No, I had one of those seventeen days.

Seventeen days without a day off. Without a moment to decompress. No reading, no tv, just work, and school, and responsibilities. This is probably what Bruce Wayne feels like 100% of his life, but he's Batman and I'm just a stupid girl from middle-America.

I'm not sure how it even came up, because who the hell knows how your inner psyche works (Freud, probably, ugh). But I was sitting at my desk today, miserable because I'm pretty sure I'm coming down with something that makes my throat feel like I can breathe fire like a dragon, and also because I'm so tired and depressed from the last sixteen days.

But I'm sitting at my desk at work, minute and hour counting down until I can take the bus home, when I decided that I'm going to practice desperation.

I started at work, an hour until I had to leave, I went to the bathroom and emptied out my morning coffee, and I sipped on a tumbler of water I had at my desk. Just slowly, nothing with real commitment.

But I got excited. For the first time in a while.

I took transport home trudged up the flight of stairs to my apartment. I live by myself with a cat, so I regularly walk around without pants on because pants are, without a doubt, prison for your legs.

This time though, I changed into some old, holey leggings that had seen better days, just a wear away from being tossed or made into rags.

(The inner thighs were shot, because I'm chubby, yes, but I'll never have a thigh gap, even if I ever become not-chubby.)

I downed another glass of water the moment after I changed. I had never measured my desperation via drinking before, but I didn't feel any pressure to go yet.

While I did my 'immediately home from ___' chores, like dishes, feeding the furry one, cleaning out the litter box, anything that got brushed to the side, which in this case, was everything in my apartment. The place is the size of a postage stamp and it was a mess which really effs with my head space.

So I decided to chug water and clean. About three glasses in (and two slices of pizza), I could feel it. The pressure building.

Cleaning became more like, picking things up and doing something with it.

I remember leaning down to pick up my clothes from the floor and I had to clench and curl my toes. What's funny, and what I wasn't really expecting, was that when I was bent over, the pressure lessened, so I found myself butt in the air, picking up clothes and socks and I'm sure I looked ridiculous, but I couldn't care what I looked like! It felt great in that position.

I gave up on dishes, because the running water was just so distracting. There was no need to spurt or anything, but if I had kept staring at the rushing water in between washing plates and sipping water... The night would have been over quickly.

Around 6:30, I stopped what I was doing and browsed this website for some inspiration. Everyone seems pretty nice and it's nice hearing about how full they are. I also started that bladder capacity flash game because it looked silly-hot which is my favorite.

I'm sure you've all played it, but It makes you consume glasses of water over some series of minutes (2-5). While the minutes passed, I made my bed.

Because my bed is pushed against a wall, to really tuck the sheet and even the quilt, I have to climb up on the mattress. My bedding is so white, sheets, quilt, comforter... All white. I was sweating with the pressure. I felt like it was workout, almost. I was hyper aware of every move. Every step.

Finally I knew that I wouldn't last more then a few more minutes if that. When I was asked to push on my bladder for 30 seconds... that was it. On second 25, I felt the first rush in my panties.

Honestly the flood wasn't immediate, like I thought it was be. The first stream seemed to hover just there, like my body wasn't letting go.

I pressed harder and then then flood came. Quickly, I stepped on my hardwood floor.

I don't know why I thought the stream would go straight down, because that's not how these things work, self. The stream curled around my legs, down my calfs and shins and puddles beneath my heals. It was warm and wet and yet not really what I was expecting.

For one thing, I was mostly disturbed by the new understanding about how not even my floors were and the stream ran down the room. I clenched off the stream and ran to the bathroom, leaking on the way, leaving a wet trail.

I truly lost it the second I pulled down my wet pants and undies.

Seriously, I feel like I peed for five minutes. I felt so relieved.

It felt so good to let go.

It feels less good to be cold and wet. (I kept my wet panties on, even as I write this now.)

I was a little worried about my cleanup because my towels are also white, but my urine was so diluted that it's not really yellow anymore and there was practically no odor.

Anyway, this was a lot of fun? I'm not sure it does it for me like I thought it would, but it did help me unwind (in a weird sort of way), also it made me take my mind off of all the crap that went on these last few weeks.

One day I'd like to experiment with a diaper, but I'll never have the nerve to buy one.

Oh god, this is so long and dumb.

Kudos to you if you sat through this. As you can probably tell, I am a hot mess.

Nice meeting you all.

*005*2014-09-20 15:11

{{ 

Actually that was a pretty good read, seemed like a fun experience for you, too.

}}

Ahh, thank you! I was a little nervous writing it, but it was fun and a bit cathartic as well.

*006*2014-09-20 15:25

{{ 

I concur - definitely hot reading!

}}

Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it. I had fun. This is actually pretty fun. :)

{{ 

Kudos to you for writing it. I really enjoyed it. Thanks.I agree with Spoony...it was a very hot read. I also can relate. I've had one of those weeks. It's been very stressful. It does help de stress. In fact, I'm peeing right now as I read. I'm lying in my bed, letting small spurts into my jeans. I think I'll have a wet day. I'll just wet in these jeans whenever I need a wee. Thanks for the inspiration.

}}

Ahhh! Glad you liked it. I was nervous posting, but less so now.

Aren't those weeks the worst? They really knock me out of my head and put me on edge. But yesterday's experiment really helped me take the edge off and distract me from the terrible week. I hope it does the same for you.

That wet day sounds like a lot of fun. The white bedding I have makes me nervous about playing near it, but it also sounds like a lot of fun and pretty relaxing. Maybe my next sheet set will be darker and I can do it to :)

Thanks again :)

{{ 

Wish I had the freedom to that - just go in the same jeans all day!

Although I did feel like I was peeing forever in my shorts earlier! Every time I stopped, literally five minutes later was just going again. Seemed to go on for about half hour!

}}

Freedom is pretty nice, but also... not. I'm responsible for all the things that do and do not happen. It's the tragic twist of adulthood/single-hood.

God, that feeling. I was not expecting that for some strange reason. For an hour I had to constantly run to the bathroom because it was almost like constant pressure. Kind of exhilarating - kind of annoying, because i definitely didn't clean very much, lol.

:)

