Geck.. Mistress can be a bitch..

Author: Sprite

*000*2012-02-10 21:09

Wow, okay do.. Darksyn is kinda like.. my bestie and more or less like a caretaker right now. So, this morning she decided that she wanted me in diapers all day (I'm still in high school, which makes it harder), and I agreed to it because it seemed fun. I should've thought it through, really.

I got through the first two periods without a problem, then third period came and I was REALLY desperate about half way through (Classes are 1 hour long.) I remembered her telling me that I couldn't use the potty AT ALL today, which sorta sucks, so I sat there and waited and waited. About 10 minutes later I couldn't hold it and I let out a medium length stream into my diapers, only enough to relieve some pressure without filling up the padding--otherwise I would've leaked. I got through the rest of the class and peed more on the way home.

So, once I got home I did what I normally do, et on the computer, talk to Darksyn and a few others, and I actually had to ask if I'm allowed to change. She said yes, thankfully, and I got ready for the afternoon.

I got through 4th period without any problems, but I drank so much juice that during 5th I peed a lot again into my new padding (hopefully no one knew). Thankfully I didn't have to do much that class so I sat there in the warm, wet diaper, just enjoying it. After school I was with two friend just playing some card games for about an hour or so, and by this time, I had just let go and completely soaked my diaper. So at this point, my diaper is pretty much to the point of leaking, I'm waddling quite a bit (thankfully I have a walking stick, so it could be taken that my legs are acting up), and I have to go home in the icy cold.

Eventually, about half way home I pee a bit more, then I realize that my medications for stool softeners are kicking in and well, I knew I had no choice, so I let it loose where I was and maaan, was it ever a big load. Sadly though, Dark isn't on, and I HAVE to ask her if I can change.. Oh I SO hope I don't get a rash..

*002*2012-02-11 16:20

Silly Dark~ Yes, and ah'm sooo attached to y'all too. <3

*004*2012-02-17 14:22

Nah, my mother (in the household, it's just myself, my mother and my dog) over the years has learned NOT to intrude on me, otherwise things can get... hurtful. Real fast, so she normally tends to stick to herself. So, it's all good.

*007*2012-02-21 17:15

Oh no no no, I was able to play it off cool. People know that sometimes I have stomach issues, so that's most likely what they thought it was. #swag.

