A Bee in Her Bra

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-07-26 01:50

It was hot – it's always hot in Georgia, in August, at Band Camp. And that's where I was, stepping along with my Susaphone in the back row. But the view was excellient: All those female High School bottoms in shorts, and when we reversed field, every rack of bobbing boobies passed in review before my eyes. I remained in a state of more or less hardness all morning, as did most of the guys. (We wondered about the few who showed no signs of arousal – but different strokes for different folks, you know.) Anyway, the water and Gatorade were plentiful, and we all kept well hydrated.

Now, no matter how much you sweat – and I sweated a lot – some of the liquid that is taken in must exit as urine. By lunch break, therefore, I had a rather full bladder, as everyone else had. Everyone was making for the restrooms, when it happened.

A bumble bee made a bee line into the inviting coin slot between Jennifer B's ample boobs. She squeeked, thern screamed, and off came the tank top, out popped one boobie, then another. The bee was still stuck in her cleavage, pinned there by its own stinger. "Get it off! Get it off!" Finally Linda M. swatted the beast away, Jennifer began to quiet down, and the rest of us struggled to catch our laughter-exhausted breaths.

That was when I realized I had wet my pants. Now that Jennifer had stuffed her swelling boobies back into her shirt, and was crying real pitiable tears of pain, I became the focus of mirth. I tried to take it all in stride – "It's nothing; it's just pee; happens to everybody" – but I was really embarrassed. I dried pretty fast in the heat, but all afternoon I smelled like pee on a campfire.

But Jennifer B's boobles – they haunt my dreams still, and always will!

