AF Basic Training Wetting: 12 Minutes of Hell

Author: DiappyDuo

*000*2013-08-03 12:44

###Background Info###

I went through AF basic training at Lackland AFB, Texas sometime in 2004. Every training flight either has a brother flight, or a sister flight. You do just about every training, education, medical, or whatever other type of appointments together. You also were punished together if anyone from either flight screws up, which you could imagine happened a lot since there were roughly 80 - 100 of us split between the 2 flights.

I had a sister flight, which meant we were punished most the time because of incorrect form during physical activities like push-ups, sit-ups, leg lifts, ect. Our sister flight would get punished because us guys would make more mental mistakes. I realize that is a generalization but that's the dynamic I witnessed during my basic training experience.

###12 Minutes of Hell###

12 minutes of hell was a long distance running exercise both flights participated in every Tuesday. The objective was to jog for 50 seconds around a track, and sprint for 10 seconds when the military training instructor (known as MTI) sounded the bullhorn. You would do this for 12 minutes straight. The catch is if anyone stopped, walked, or wasn't running fast enough for the MTI's liking a minute would be added. As I stated before there were a lot of us, and some people didn't properly prepare before basic so i wasn't until the 5th week that we ran for less than 30 minutes. The MTI's would also stop the clock if anyone ran off the side of the track to use the honey bucket. You could imagine the glares, snide comments, and swear words directed at the person who needed to relieve their bladder causing everyone else to run longer. Add to this fact that the MTI's would closely monitor our canteens to make sure we were well hydrated in the Texas heat.

###Trainee Jones###

Trainee Jones (not real name) was a decently attractive woman. From what I remember she had the girl next door look. She had medium height, pretty slim, with wavy brown hair. Trainee Jones always caused us extra minutes during 12 minutes of hell, and everyone would groan when time after time her bladder would act up around the 10 minute mark of our exercise session. She even began to attract the attention of the MTIs, which is the last thing you ever want to do. I had a bird's eye view of the time she got the most attention for wetting herself.

###Exercise Begin###

"Trainee Jones, you better hold your water this time. I'm keeping my eye on you." MTI Miller yelled over the bull horn. Miller was a female instructor who fell out of the ugly tree. She was short, with pale skin, chopped black hair, and a mustache to match. I looked down at my watch and we had only been running for about 3 minutes. I couldn't tell where Jones was at due to everyone's uniform being the same. Everything started out business as usual, we already had 5 minutes tacked on because of Trainee Special (nickname earned for his inability to march correctly).

It was the 15 minute mark when I first spotted Jones. She was 150 feet in front of me doing a half jog, half hobble with her right hand pressed against her thigh. She was valiantly trying to press on without alerting the MTI's to her plight. I past her on the inside of the track, and her eyes were locked dead ahead.

"Pick up the pace Jones, you only have 2 minutes left" MTI Miller yelled.

Instantly you could hear encouragement yelled at her by about 10 different trainees desperate to end the madness of the day. Jones must have lost her resolve because within a minute she was walking and no longer was concentrating on the track ahead of her. Her eyes were locked on the porta potty less than 100 feet in front of her. She then started up the hobble jog again towards relief. MTI Miller saw the same thing and beelined it for the portapotty. Miller beat her there and posted herself in front of the door.

"Keep running Jones, the John is out of order."

Jones immediately stopped, bent over, and started doing the pee pee dance right in front of Miller.

"You just bought everyone another minute"

I was halfway across the track, but I'm guessing Jones was trying to reason with Miller.

"That's 2 minutes, you better get out of my face and start running...NOW!" Miller bellowed into the megaphone, which was unnecessary due to Jones' proximity.

I passed Jones again, and knew an accident was imminent. In between ragged breathing she was groaning from the obvious pressure on her bladder. I started to rack my brain to figure out how I could make sure to catch the show.

"45 seconds"

Dang, I thought for sure Jones must have wet herself and just kept running because they were no longer picking on her.

"30 seconds, Jones you better move"

I looked across the track and saw Jones shuffling her feet in small steps. I picked up the pace so I could end off nearby her.

"10...5....3-2-1. Start your 5 minute cool down"

I was 50 feet behind Jones when the announcement was made to start the cool down, which consisted of walking with you hands on the crown of your head. Jones was barely walking, and her hands were not on her head but I could tell they were on her midsection because her elbows were bent. I was approximately 20 feet behind her when she starting wetting herself. She was facing away from the track, hands on her knees, bent over. By the time I walked past her the backside of her grey shorts were dark, pee streaks ran down her legs, and she was standing in a decent puddle still wetting herself. I took a quick glimpse and saw the twin rivers running down the back of her legs, and I could hear her sniffling.

"Form up in the middle of the track to stretch"

We all assembled and starting our post workout stretches.

"Hooollllyyyyy pissy pants batman, hey Miller come see this." One of the male MTIs said from behind everyone.

I dared not look back because I didn't want to draw any attention to myself.

"Jesus H Christ Jones, you are disgusting! Go back to the dorm and clean yourself up pissy pants." Miller said loud enough for everyone to hear.

Both flights got a good look at the damage as she walked by us. In addition to her face being beet red, the wet spot on the back of her shorts was medium size. We rarely got to talk to our sister flight, but Jones' 12 minutes of hell was a favorite topic among everyone. I don't know where she was stationed after that, but I'm sure she didn't live that day down.

###

Let me know what you think! I didn't expect to make the story this long but I got carried away.

- Peehawker

*007*2013-08-04 13:08

Thanks for the feedback everyone, I do plan on more writing more TRUE stories. I've got 1 more military related experience, and quite a few personal experiences. If you are into diapers, I wrote a lengthy experience titled "A night to remember: Dominating my wife." Check it out over at the diaper lovers forum.

Xkenoonx, you are entitled to your opinion, but I find it funny you are challenging the authenticity of the story based off your brother's knowledge. So unless he has read the Air Force Instruction (AFI), then he knows just as much about being a MTI as you do. Even if it is a rule that you can't "reveal secrets", it doesn't mean that everyone follows them. Do some research and you will see a lot of former MTIs going to jail for what amounts to rape because they used their position of power.

- Peehawker

