Long desperation plus cab ride = pee on door step

Author: canipee

*000*2013-07-24 20:14

I wrote on another thread about the only time I have come close to a full on wetting, here https://omorashi.org/topic/15765-peeing-before-your-pants-are-down/?p=624523

This story was told to me by a girl I had a very brief and flirtation experience with, she knew that I was into Omo so told me this experience of hers. It's brief as it was over text message.

So she had been out with her house mate for the evening (don't know where, didn't care to ask, but I assume somewhere in London) and at the end of the night they headed to the taxi rank to get a cab home.

Apparently joining the queue for the taxi she was already needing to pee and that urge grew and grew over the 1hr and half they had to wait before they could get in a cab.

The taxi ride was about half an hour during which she was struggling to hold it to the point of being in tears.

When they finally arrived at their house, she made a mad dash to the front door and had to fumble with her keys to get the door open. Her house mate was really drunk so of absolutely no help. By the time she got the door open she just couldn't wait any more ... so close yet so far ... and she peed a torrent of "horrible warm liquid" to use her own words all over her little yellow shorts, white stockings and her door step.

As her flat mate was quite drunk she didn't think she had noticed and used her annoyance at having to help her home to shout at her to go to bed so she could change and clean up in peace.

I made a point of quoting her on the horrible warm liquid line because she was in to lollicon (dressing and acting as a child amongst other things) and when I pointed out that it wouldn't be out of the ordinary for a child to wet themselves, once we were talking about desperation and wetting she realised that had the circumstance been right it could have been quite sexy.

I'd like to think I spawned a new omo fan but I really stupidly lost touch with her not long after and haven't spoken to her in a couple of years. I did try and get back in touch with her but with no luck. Damn shame

