Just a little something I experienced

Author: Caydency

*000*2011-07-07 06:27

Tags: Self-Induced Desperation, Wetting.

I was just waking up for school - it was about 6 AM on a Wednesday morning, fairly calm. I remember that I had the faintest urge to pee at the moment, but I didn't find it to be anything worth my time at the moment, so I brushed it off my shoulder as if it was a grain of sand.

I did my regular routine: I got dressed and went to the kitchen to eat breakfast, then I brushed my teeth and put in my rubber bands for my braces, and then I began my walk to school as I did every other day before. It was about a 20 minute walk to and from school, depending on the traffic at the time of my departure and such - that counts for both the morning and afternoon.

I made my way to the classroom while drinking coffee out of my thermos - I forgot to mention that I'd been drinking out of it throughout the walk to school. I had a few bottles of water packed away into my bag for later in the day, seeing as how I get very thirsty during the day in my classes.

I won't go into any specifics about my classes - that's not the main point of this story, hehe. My classes in order are: Multimedia and Webpage Design, Chorus II, Allied Health Sciences I, Tech Math II. Mainly sitting in all of them, really, so it's not too much of a hassle to me.

As I was progressing into the depths of my first period class, Webpage Design, I was feeling a bit more of an urge in my bladder, telling me that I needed to begin my contemplation on getting to a bathroom after the class was over, which would be in about 35 minutes.

I was doing just that, thinking on it and deciding on a simple solution: I would just stop by the bathroom on the way to my Chorus class. That wasn't as easy as I thought.

The class soon ended and I was well on my way, trying to get into the bathroom, but much to my disappointment, there was an overflown toilet that had just recently taken its toll on the bathroom floor, so I had to skip my stop to the bathroom and head straight to Chorus, leaving myself a bit of time to take out one of my bottled waters. I unscrewed the top and drank nearly half of it right then and there, obviously thirsty - although I wasn't thinking of the consequences of this action, which would ultimately be more desperation.

I arrived at the class and put my bags down on the table, immediately taking my place in the Alto section on the left side of the room, closest to the door, remaining on my feet as I stood up on the first actual step of the risers that we used in the classroom.

We did our routine as normal - we warmed up our vocal chords, then we did massages, and afterward, we began to sing our assigned songs that would be in our Spring concert later in the month. Of course, now the urges to pee began to strike again as the 30 minute mark struck into the class. I casually placed my hands into the pockets of my slacks and discreetly pressed my hand against my crotch to help decrease my urges a bit, but it didn't help much.

As soon as class was over, again, 35 minutes later, I briskly walked out with a pale face and a quick stride, holding the straps of my bags tightly as my urges were mercilessly growing stronger with each passing minute. It was now higher into the stages of desperation than I would normally reach, and I was beginning to keep it on my mind more than I was getting to class on time, but I managed to do so with nearly 5 seconds to spare as I placed my bags on the floor beside my desk.

Again, we went through the routine: we went through the lecture, broke for lunch, then would proceed to come back for another 30 minute long lecture.

Of course, my teacher kept me in the classroom to help her with some extra tests that she'd forgotten to grade. I'm one of the best students in her class, so of course she asks me to stay. Me being the respectful person I am, I couldn't turn her down and be disrespectful, so I agreed with a bit of hesitation and sat down to grade them.

As soon as lunch was over, the rest of the class came back slowly and took their seats, as did I for the rest of the lecture.

My urges to pee were none-the-less huge, and I was positive that I'd have to do something soon to avoid an accident. My bladder holds 650 ml of urine in it when it is completely full and unable to hold any more, so that's to give an idea of my standpoint on when I lose control.

By the time this class finally let out, I was growing fidgety and so-to-say "bursting to pee" at this point, so you can imagine that I was pretty uncomfortable at this time.

It was nearly 1:15, so if I could make it home without an accident, my goal would be complete to say the least.

I took my seat at the front of the classroom for my Tech Math II class, terribly desperate for a pee as I took the notes on the board just minutes later.

My bladder was throbbing, screaming at my brain that I had to pee right then and there. If I were to guess, I would say that I was holding about 590 ml at this point, so I was close to losing control.

As soon as 2 PM hit, I knew that I was in trouble as I finally raised a shaking hand to grab the attention of the teacher. As she recognized me, students around me heard my weak voice squeak out "May I please go to the bathroom, Ms. Kennedy?".

Of course, to keep from disturbing the lesson, she rejected my request and continued teaching, leaving me with no choice but to hold it in until I arrived home - but that option was nothing more than late as the time suddenly crept up to 2:15.

It was just 25 minutes until the Dismissal Bell would ring, and I was finally at the end of my rope. I was mercilessly grabbing at my crotch with both hands between my legs, my eyes screwed shut as I shifted and squirmed my hips around, my thighs crushing against my hands as small whimpers occasionally left my mouth.

Suddenly, I gasped as I felt the warm wetness begin to gush out of my crotch and into the legs of my jeans, and also the desk seat, hot pee pouring out as I suddenly stood up and danced around, trying to make it to the classroom door, trying to make a last-ditch effort to make it to the bathroom, but it was already too late - I couldn't stop peeing.

The puddle around my feet grew large as I stood shaking, having a huge accident in front of the class. My blue slacks were completely soaked as the final drops rippled the puddle of pee under my shoes, tears welling up into my eyes as I began to cry in shame of what had just happened. Fortunately, not one student, or the teacher herself, put shame on me for having such an accident in the middle of class, but congratulated me for trying so hard to wait.

~+~

That was my first and only experience so far in the field of Omorashi, and I hope to see your opinions on it soon!~

*006*2011-07-07 17:27

TurtwigChampion: Thank you for the congrats. lol, I remember that I was really bursting...but at the same time, it felt so good.~

Suite207: I will definitely keep this in mind. I may ask to swap stories with you, so I'll keep you on my list.~

Sandra: I bet there were, although of course they won't admit to it. Omorashi is so shunned in the world these days...You rarely find a single person in your same area/city who is even interested in it in the slightest..

Sentinelchicken: Well, actually, this wetting did not start my Omorashi interests. I had actually begun my interests long before this when I was 14 and had just begun to realize what masturbation was. As for intentional wettings, I have not wet myself intentionally, to be honest with you - although that's not to say that I won't do it. I may very well want to someday. Heh.

Ranpalan: I attend a public school, but the rules in our country are very strict, and the teachers are very uptight about making sure every student obeys them. The mix of subjects is indeed puzzling, but our country has changed the mixture of what classes we are required to take in our Senior year and whatnot, so we're stuck in a very odd school, so to speak. I may have signed up here seeming American, and I may very well be able to speak English, guess what? I'm not American. Hehe. I'm actually a student in Iceland. I am Icelandic, and I can speak the Icelandic tongue, seeing as that's my native tongue, but I've gotten so used to the American language from visiting far-down-the-line family members that are American that it's gotten hard for me to remember some of my natural language. lol! Also, thank you for saying that it was well-written. I will do my best to post any stories that I so find interesting that I come up with in later times.~

