Gemmy's Desperate Dillema

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-09-28 14:19

I was involved in an incident this morning and thought I would be nice and regail you guys with the tale....

I will start by giving you the background to the story, my boyfriend does property development and owns a number of properties which he rents out either for residential or business and a few weeks ago he bought a house and has been doing it up to make it suitable for either selling or for renting out and I have been helping him out. A couple of days ago we completed all the structural work on the house and then did all the electrics and plumbing and now we just have to do up all the individual rooms one by one. When we arrived this morning we were working on the attic room and this is where the tale begins....

We got to the house about 10:00 and picked up work where we left off the day before, I was painting the walls and Matty was finishing putting in the insulation. I finished all the walls and then went and made a cup of tea for us both. As I was drinking my tea I was contemplating what I should do while I waited for the first coat of paint to dry. I asked Matty and he said I could go pick some things up if I wanted something to do. So I finished my tea took the list he gave me and set off.

I checked the list and deciced to go pick up some carpet first and set off driving. As I was driving along I noticed my bladder filling but didnt think anything of it. 15 minutes later I arrived and parked up. I went roaming around the carpet shop, which is a very interesting thing to do (notice the sarcasm :p). As I was stood looking at the samples my bladder made itself noticed again and now I noticed I had a constant urge, it was only a 4-5 on the scale and once again I didnt think about it. I selected the roll of carpet I wanted and got one of the blokes who work there to get two rolls for me and brought them to the checkout. I payed for them and wheeled them to my landrover and with help from the lovely bloke loaded them on.

I then drove round to B&Q, parked up and wandered in. I walked round picked up some paint and some new brushes then walked round to get some lengths of wood, as I did I passed the bathroom section and seeing the maze of toilets scattered about made my bladder squeeze and my need grew to 7. I quickly walked past and picked up the rest of the items on the list and then headed to the checkout, having to walk past the toilets again and making my bladder jolt and squeeze thinking that relief is right there.

I made it to the checkout and as I was waiting for the women to put my items through the checkout I took the oppurtunity to cross my legs and squeeze my thighs together, I was nowhere near wetting myself but was desperate enough to warrant it. Once I had paid I trundled outside with my trolley and loaded eveything into the back of the landrover. I climbed in and without thinking took a huge swig of water. Lifting all that stuff had made me warm and thirsty. I stopped when I realised but then I reasoned that I wasnt that desperate and could easily make it back so finished off the bottle and chucked it on the seat next to me. After checking the reciept and putting everything in my bag I set off.

I had been driving for like 10 mins and was really noticing my filling bladder now, after that water it had risen to 8 and I was starting to squirm a little. I checked the time, it was half 1...it was 6 hours since I had last pee'd (in the shower when I got up) and since then I had had 4 cups of tea and two bottles of water....no wonder I needed to pee. I pulled up outside the house and called Matty who came out and helped me unload the Landrover and we put all the items in the garage at the end of the driveway. 

Whilst undertaking this task I kep having to bend and lift and bend again....each time I bent over to pick something up my bladder protested at being squeezed and everytime I picked something up I had to let its weight rest on my tummy which put great pressure on my bladder. About halfway through I stopped and grabeed myself to try help relieve some of the pressure. By the time we had unloaded everything the bottle of water I had drunk had made its way into my bladder and had joined the tea....i was now really full and really quite desperate.

I made my way into the house and headed to the bathroom. I was quite desperate but not to the point I was having trouble and was lookin forward to the sweet relief of emptying my bladder. I opened the bathroom door and stopped dead.....the toilet....it wasnt there....it was there when I left....but now it had gone. Normally the sight of a toilet makes my need worse but this time the sight of no toilet made it exponentially worse. My need shot up to 10 and I instinctively grabbed myself and squeezed my legs. Now the obvious solution to this would be to pee in the sink or bathtub....but they werent there either. I went back downstairs and asked Matty where they were and he replied “ive taken them out, im just gonna go get the new bathroom suite and put it in whilst you finish painting the attic...why do you ask??.

“cos im busting for a wee” I said and acted out my predicament by dancing and wiggling with my hand jammed in my crotch.

“you'll have to go home then” he said

“i realise that”...i grabbed my keys quickly said goodbye and headed out the door, I jumped in my landrover and set off towards home, hoping I could make it without wetting myself, I was already so close to leaking. I hit the town centre and got onto the ring road to take me round the outskirts of town. I was driving round and hit the first set of traffic lights. As I sat there waiting for the light to turn green I could not sit still, I had my hand jammed between my legs pressing onto my pussy, trying to put pressure on my wee hole to stop it leaking out. 

The light turned green and I had to remove my hand to change the gear, without my hand my need was immense. I was in a quarrel with myself, part of me wanted the next set of lights to be red so I could grab myself again, the other part wanted them to be green so I could keep going and try get home A.S.A.P. As I got there they were red and once again put my hand into my crotch pressing on my wee hole. I could feel the pee pushing down towards the exit amd pushed even harder, praying I could hold on.

My bladder gave a sudden jolt and despite my hand been pressed into it my wee hole opened and leaked a little wee into my knickers....i could feel the wetness against my fingers. I pressed my fingers even harder into my pussy to try and stop the flow of wee I could feel slowly making its way down my urethra towards my wee hole. The lights turned green and I reluctanly removed my hand and as I did I leaked some more. I was so close to losing all control and if it wasnt for the queue of traffic I would have put my foot down. I was slowly making my way round when my bladder gave a huge squeeze and before I could grab myself I spurted into my knickers....this time my trousers had a wet spot on the front....the previous leaks had been absorbed by my knickers but now they werent been. I spurted again and the patch got bigger. I could feel the wee right behind my wee hole and used all my strength to keep it there for just a bit longer.

I finally came off the ring road and headed towards home, I was driving up the main road 'spurt'...getting nearer to my house 'spurt'...i pulled onto my road 'spurt'...i looked down the patch on my pants was huge now, my knickers were soaked, I could feel them clinging to my pussy lips....this was making me aroused which wasnt helping :p.

I pulled up outside my house and jumped out, I tried to walk but when I stepped forward I spurted again....i squeezed my thighs together and did a funky little wee wee waddle towards my front door. When I got there I fiddled with my keys trying desperately to get them into the keyhole...why wouldnt they go into the key hole...COME ON....finally I got them in and burst through the door. I looked at the strairs in front of me....there was no way I could climb them without bursting and soaking myself. What was I supposed to do...there was only one thing I could do.

I hobbled out of the front door and went round the side of my house into the back garden, I quickly headed over to the bushes at the back of the garden and went to undo my pants....at this point my bladder must have realised it was about to be emptied and started squeezing and contracting like crazy causing wee to come spurting out of my wee hole all over my knickers and pants...i was starting to wet myself....i quickly yanked down my pants and squatted....

I burst and sprayed wee into my knickers which then exploded from either side down my legs and thighs and all over the floor beneath me....the relief was incredible....i stayed squatting there for what seemed like forever emptying my bladder all over the garden. I suddenly heard a noise and jumped up pulling my pants back up and then noticed it was my sister who just looked at my wet knickers and gave me a “what the hell” sorta look. So I just looked at her, pointed at my knickers and said “i wet myself” and giggled. I should mention my sister also likes omorashi so as you can imagine she certainly liked what she was seeing :p.

I headed into the house and went upstairs I stripped off except my now wee soaked knickers which started off light blue and were now a very dark shade of blue :p....i jumped in the shower and started washing myself off. I then thought whilst I was there I might as well take care of my other need. I slipped my hand into my knickers and started rubbing my clit...god it felt good....i put the shower head into my knickers so the water pounded agaisnt my pussy as my fingers rubbed againt my clit....in no time at all I came multiple times and sat on the bottom of the shower enjoying the feeling spreading round my body. After a while I stood up, washed myself off, dried off and then got dressed and went and made a cup of tea....looks like I was filling up again :p

FIN

Hope you all enjoyed....as always I love recieveing comments....whether they be praise or critisicm...let me know what you think....see you next time

Gemmy Rose xxx

*010*2012-10-02 15:05

{{ 

I bet you were quite puzzled when you didn't see the toilet. That was a new one on me. I've read so many "locked loo" stories, but this is the first where the toilet goes completely missing. Thanks for sharing this one, Gemmy. It was one of the hottest I've ever read and your description of the flood was top-notch. You should put off going to the bathroom more often. It will make for great stories.

}}

I was rather puzzled :p...like you mentioned ive been in quite a few locked loo scenarios before but this was a whole new one for me....i do put off going quite often and i have a number of stories i need to write when i get the time so keep a look out :)....if you havent already read them i have a list of the stories i have posted on my profile.

{{ 

Unplanned it may have been but totally arousing! You tell them so well. :-)

}}

Thanks glad you enjoyed it :)

*012*2012-10-04 15:48

{{ 

Your sister is into omo too? That must make for interesting dinner conversation.

}}

It certainly does....i live with my Sister, My Boyfriend and my sisters boyfriend....and we all love omo :p

