Desperate lift

Author: buddy

*000*2011-04-07 13:06

Hi to all desp-lovers,

I just had a rather short but exiting experience. I was going to pick up my to suns from school, as the elder one has a broken ankle. They are 11 and 13. As I waited for the I saw the daughter of our neighbour aged 12 in front of the school. Immediately it was obvious that she was bursting. She couldn´t stand still, stepped from one foot to the other and shuffling one knee above the other.

Soon my little come and also the elder one appeared with his friends. Amongst them is the elder brother of the desperate girl Anne. So I picked up the opportunity and offered them a lift, they happily accepted. Especially Anne probably hopped for an earlier arrival at home to relieve herself. I made her sit in the middle of the backseat and adjusted the mirror, so had a perfect view on her.

Right from the beginning she was really fidgety and squirming between the boys. But she obviously tried to conceal her need by telling enthusiastically about school. I enjoyed the scene especially as I could perfectly see under her short skirt and could sense the white panties under her blue cotton tights.

The drive home only takes 15 min. To prolonge the situation a bit I asked them whether it would be ok if we stop by a near car wash. Anne kind of protested, she needed to be home soon, but her brother insited that they would still be earlier then with the bus. When we arived at the gas station with the car wash, Anne really pushed the guys out of the car. I only can imagine that she was really uncomfortable sitting cramped in the back of the car. While I bought the ticket the kids followed into the gas station. They checked some magazines. Anne furiously paced around infront of the shelf.

When I passed her on my way to the car she shivered in agony. I asked her "Are you ok?" "Yeah sure!" "Or are you cold?" "Nono!" Her brother chipped in "She needs to go" to what she vehemently contradicted. But I asked "Go where?" "to the bathroom" "I don´t, you idiot!" To which she ran out of the store. While we waited for the car to make its way through the car wash taking some 5 min Anne tried to compose herself. But after a minute I saw her quickly grabbing her crotch but only for a second. Then she had her legs tightly crossed and shifted her pelvis back and for. I was just back in the car when I saw Anne waddle around the corner. She briefly looked back probably to make sure the boys could see her. But I could. She immediately started to fidget violantly and at the same time shove both hands into her crotch while briefly spreading them.

Back in the car she was shivering almost all the time. Then I saw that she had her hand under her waistband and into her pantyhose pushing into her crotch. Only a few minutes before home suddenly her brother started tickling her. She screamed and tried to fend his hands. But he continued shouting "gotta go, gotta go...". As I was really sorry for her I made him stop. But when they finally left she had to spread her knees wide and I saw a wet spot in her crotch at the size of a baseball.

But I think she just made it!

