How I found a wetting pal in the sandy dunes

Author: vikka

*000*2013-02-13 03:11

I've written "A BACKGROUND" about me in my Profile, which might explain some bits in my wetting experience stories. Usually it's stuff that I don't talk much about. But it's not anything I keep secret, and maybe it'll be easier to understand (and believe) my stories , if you read it.

And now to the actual story!

This happened a couple of years ago. More precisely the summer, when I was sixteen years old. I was spending most of the summer at Haverdal, a village about twenty km north of Halmstad at the Swedish west coast. I was staying at the house of a middle-age couple, who were friends to my mother, when she was alive. Their house was close to the most wonderful sandy beach, where I spent whole days, swimming in the sea and sunbathing. The first weeks I was mostly alone as I didnt know any of my age.

Now and then I saw someone leave the beach and walk up into the sand dunes above the beach. I didn't think much about it at first, but then I realized that it could be that they were going out of sight to pee. (Me, I never bothered to go anywhere, I just peed my swimmingsuit where I lied and then later on went for a swim.) The thought was kind of thrilling, and especially when I noticed some girl passing me in that direction, I indulged in fancies, picturing her pulling down her panties and crouch down to pee. I used to lie on my stomach and masturbate to those imaginary pictures. I got more and more temptied to follow a girl and spy on her. Though I didn't ventured to do it.

But then I noticed a girl coming back from the dunes, and I thought I could see a dark spot on her yellow bikini pants. I wasn't sure though. I looked after her, feeling very excited, and saw her walking straight down to the water and plunge into the sea.

The next day I saw her walking up into the dunes. When she passed me I had a close look at her. She was very cute, and I guessed she was about my age, maybe one or two years older than me. I kept a close watch for her return. The expectation of what I might see, made me overexcited and my whole body shivered.

It was at least twenty minutes, maybe more, before she reappeared. I hade moved a bit to be closer, when she would pass me. She wore the yellow bikini, and I concentrated on looking at her bikini pants. I was so excited, that I had to clench my thighs and rub them against each other. She came closer and closer. I was staring so intensely, that tears came from my eyes. I rubbed them to see better. And... Yippee!!! There was a big dark spot on her pants! I got breathless and so excited that I started to cough. As the day before the girl went down into the water. Most likely she wanted to conceal that she'd wetted herself... At least I believed so.

The day after I decided to sneak up on her, when she walked up into the dunes. If she did, that was... Think if she wouldn't turn up again?

But she did. She was later than she used to be. I'd brought a big bottle of Coca Cola. Before I left the house, I'd had several cups of tea and now I was gulping Coca Cola. I wanted to be prepared. It was a hot day and I felt that I needed a quick swim in the sea to cool off. I was afraid that the girl would appear before I was finished, and I looked anxiously around the beach, when I walked down to the water.

When I came back I realized that it could have been a mistake to swim. What if she would come before my bikini had dried up? If I was going to wet myself, I didn't want it to happen in wet bikini pants. I changed quickly to pink cotton panties (if you've read my other stories, you might have noticed that I've a special liking for pink cotton panties) and a thin, white tank top, which I'd cut off so that it just barely covered my small breasts (although my nipples were quite visible through the thin fabric).

Finally she came. Today she was wearing a lilac bikini. I followed her at some distance. I didn't want her to detect me. Not yet, anyway. Then I lost sight of her. I proceeded carefully. When I was getting near the top of the dune behind which she'd disappeared, I started to crawl the last bit so that she wouldn't caught sight of me. I raised my head slowly and looked down the slope on the other side. Oh, there she was! My heart pounded heavily inside my chest. She was standing at the bottom of the slope, not far from me. But she wasn't standing still, she was fidgety tripping around. At first I could only see her from behind but when she turned around I saw that she had both hands jammed in between her thighs. I took a breathe so sudden that I almost choked. She must be soo desperate, I thought. And I realized that that was the case for me too. 

Actually, I felt a spurt of pee in my panties, and I too had to jam my hands between my thighs, press them hard against my crotch to stop peeing.

Her legs intertwined. She must be on the verge to wet herself now, I thought. I stood up and took a step over the edge of the dune. But with my hands still jammed between my clenched thighs I was so clumsy, I tripped and fell down the slope. I rolled down the sand and landed only a few feet from the girl's feet. I looked up at her.

"I'm sorry, I didn't know someone was here. I tripped. Sorry... I'm so terribly clumsy..." I was rambling, not knowing what I should say in this situation. This was not how I'd planned my entry onto the scene.

"You're not hurt, are you?" She asked in a polite but yet forced way. She hadn't removed her hands from her crotch. I saw them moving.

"Oh, no! Not at all", I answered, and added in an explaining way. "I came here to pee. You see, I'm frightfully desperate to pee!" I put my hands against my pussy again.

She nodded. "Me too. I mean, I too have come to pee. V... very d... desperate also. Believe I... can't hold on any longer!"

"B... but..." I stuttered. "But you've got your swimming pants on...?"

"No time to put them off!" She yelled, and parted her legs. She was already peeing. Her swimming pants were no match for the forceful stream, that flooded through them and splashed onto the ground. Her face was as if transfigured with delight.

I was so occupied by looking at her, that I at first wasn't aware of that also I was wetting myself. But my pee streaming between my fingers soon enough got me aware. And it felt so good! Repeated twitches announced the arrival of a wonderful orgasm. I tried to muffle my groans but when I came, I couldn't help squeaking "Eeeeh, eeeh, eeeeh!"

We went on peeing for quite some time. When we stopped, she looked inquisitively at me.

"You came, didn't you?" She'd still one hand on her pussy, slowly rubbing.

"Uh... em..." I was still trembling from my orgasm and had some difficulties to articulate. Also I tried to gain a little time before I answered. "I think so - maybe - it sort of happened. Yes!"

Before she continued, I thought I should take the initiative. "This wasn't the first time you went here to wet yourself, was it? I've seen you before coming back from here with wet bikini pants!"

She blushed. "Uhm... it has happened..."

"More than once!" I continued in a demanding voice.

"Maybe..."

Then we both started to laugh at the same time. The whole situation was so hilarious! When we stopped to catch our breathes, I asked her:

"Now, when I've admitted that I came, I got to ask you if you didn't get any aroused at all?"

She smiled. "Kind of..." Then she burst out laughing. "Hell, yes! I came too. At about the same time as you! What do you expect after all the pussy rubbing? But you didn't notice, because you were so up in the blue heaven, when you came, that you didn't notice! Quite nice squeaks you gave away!" She laughed again.

And with her laughters resounding in my ears I think I'll end this story. But, yes, her name was Ellen! And also I might add that it was quite embarrassing, when we met four girls on our way back. One of them noticed the wet spots and pointed them out for the other. They giggled quite uncontrollably. And I knew that my pussy probably was pretty visible through my wet, thin cotton panties. Shit! Sometimes I can't stop writing, but now it's going to happen. Finally!

*005*2013-02-16 00:58

Thankyou guys for your praise :) You've made me so happy!

*008*2013-02-16 01:53

{{ 

Thank you for sharing your wonderful story.

}}

Your kind words are ringing in my ears like the "happy bells" in the poem "Ring Out, Wild Bells" by Lord Tennyson, Poet Laureate. :)

*010*2013-02-16 17:17

Wow! Thankyou very much desperatelywet and Gemmy! :) Nothing pleases me more than making a girl aroused, and now I've made two girls very aroused! Wow! It has made my pussy very hot and affluently wet! :p

