Travelling fun

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-09 19:46

Hey guys,

So I'm going across Europe to study and my dad is driving me. Nothing much interesting happened except my bladder was quite full but not overly uncomfortable! Oh and I used a squat toilet that had a vendetta against me and flushed at random whilst I was peeing making me pee on myself but also get soaked from the flush... So annoying.

Anyway I wanted to pee my pants soon but I can't because I'm sharing a hotel room, so from the last rest stop until after dinner, a good 5/6 hours I held my bladder, it wasn't uncomfortable but I gave myself the goal of not peeing whilst washing my hair. As soon as the water hit the floor the noise made my squeeze my legs together and shift about.

I kept doing mini spurts as i opened the cap to my shampoo, and when I put the head under the water I could feel my bladder spasming. I opened my legs and pee just fell out is how it seemed lol! My need died down but I put my hand on my bladder and it was pulsating still. I put the water on really cold and carried on my shower, having to put my hand between my legs every so often.

I couldn't stand the cold water so for my final rinse off I put the water back to a nice warm, and stood in the corner. The water hitting my feet made my bladder finally give in and pee dribbled out and down my back legs. I tried to hold it in but to no avail and soon was flushed with relief as a steady stream came out of me.

I'm not sure I got it all out and I really want to dribble on the hotel bed but I feel mean doing that!

Anyway I'm sure I'll get a chance to wet my clothes soon, I am excited to do it!

Anyway love reading the stuff here, see you all soon!

