First bedwetting accident as an adult

Author: Kolanola

*000*2015-11-12 20:09

I enjoy wetting myself quite a lot but i prefer to wet in private or with someone who's into the same thing. I try to avoid situations where I have accidents when there are other people around me because I get embarassed really easily.

However I'm not always able to prevent these situations and one occured about a week ago.

I was spending the weekend with a group of friends in a small cabin at the countryside. There were seven of us in total and only four beds so I had to share a bed with a friend of mine named Grace. We spent our days listening to music together, chatting and just resting from the stress of the city. On saturday night we were drinking some wine and having a good time but I was feeling rather tired and decided to go to bed early.

I was the first one to hit the hay and it didn't take long until I was sound asleep. I remember dreaming about standing in line at the themepark and feeling a growing need to go to the bathroom. I really didn't want to leave the queue because it would mean I'd have to go all the way back to the end of the line. I tried to stay put as long as I could but then the need really hit me and I thought I'd rather go to the back of the line than pee my pants in public like that. So I went to find the bathroom. 

That also took a while and when I finally found it, all the stalls were dirty and gross. But I was too desperate to really mind. When I finally sat down on the toilet, I couldn't pee. I found it really odd because I could clearly feel my bladder being really full. However, i tried harder to force my urine out and finally relieve myself. It took a bit of effort but soon I could feel a steady stream of pee leaving my body. I wasn't hearing the usual sound of my urine hitting the water in the toilet and a strange feeling of sudden warmth woke me up.

My eyes shot wide open and my mind slowly realised that by this point I was wetting the bed full-force through my panties. Instinctively I tried to stop it by jamming my hand between my legs but it was too late. Soon the stream died down to a slow trickle and then stopped completelly. I hadn't wet the bed since early childhood and this sudden occurence excited me quite a bit. I was still in a bit of a dreamy daze when I reached down under the blanket and gave into my arousal. Somewhere along the way I realised I wasn't at all at home and I wasn't even alone in the bed. My face reddened with embarassment and I slowly turned over to find Grace next to me. Thankfully she was sound asleep and had felt nothing. After contemplating my options for a little while I decided to wake her up and tell her what had happened. (Well, the first half of it.) When I did, she was really understanding and helped me clean up.

Overall it was a great experience and gave me an unbelievable rush.

