Special treat from Girlfriend #1

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-03-16 17:38

I told in my last thread about how my first girlfriend "Red" found out about my fetish and was nice about it and ok with it, even talked to me about it and told me about some of her past wettings, etc.

The next weekend she called me on Saturday afternoon and told me to come over but to hurry. I didn't have to be asked twice. I drove over to her place and found her outside waiting for me, sitting on her front steps. After I got out of my car she came up to me, we kissed, then she took my hand and said, "We're going for a walk" and led me down the road. I just said, "Ok..."

We walked and talked about normal stuff, holding hands. I was curious what was up but wasn't sure.

I asked, "Why did I have to hurry over if we are just going for a walk?"

She said, "Because, my mom is going to be gone for a few hours and I wanted to see you before she got back." And she smiled at me and winked.

Thinking maybe she was planning on us having sex for the first time, I immediately felt myself stirr with arousal.

"Gone for a few hours, huh?" I asked.

She said, "Yep."

I asked, "So why are we out walking instead of back in the house taking advantage of being alone?"

Reading my mind she said, "No, silly, we aren't doing that... not today, anyway... I had something else in mind. Just for you." But she wouldn't tell me what.

We kept walking and soon she had picked up her pace a little and then I saw her briefly press her other hand to her crotch and give it a quick squeeze and then back to her side again. What had been my disappointment at learning that we wouldn't be losing our virginity turned immediately to the thought that maybe... just maybe... she had to pee and... nah...

But a minute or two later her hand darted back to her crotch and this time squeezed for a second or two longer. This time she looked at me and said, "Maybe we should turn around... I really need to pee."

I said, "Ok, sure." She smiled at me mischeiviously and I smiled back, my heart rate increasing and my penis growing harder.

We began walking back towards her house, which was now at least 15-20 minutes away. She lived in a fairly secluded area so there were only a few houses along the road and we hadn't seen any other people outside.

She pressed her hand to her crotch again, pressing her fingers into the fabric of her pale blue jeans, which seemed a little old and a little small. I was almost certain now that this was all an intentional setup.

A few moments later she stopped walking, grabbed herslef, and crossed her legs, squatting and bending slightly. "Oh, I've got to pee so bad..." she moaned, looking into my eyes and half smiling, half wincing.

"Do you?" I asked, smiling back. "How bad is it?"

She said, "Really bad... I've been holding it for hours."

I asked, "Why would you do that for?"

She winked and said, "I don't know... I guess I just lost track of time..." and smiled at me.

I said, "Then we better hurry and get you back home before you have another accident."

She said, "Yes. We wouldn't want that to happen, would we?" But the way she smiled said that was exactly what she had planned to happen.

We started walking again, now with her free hand constantly pressing into her crotch. I couldn't help smiling and laughing a little, and she did, too. It was crazy what she, what we, were doing, and so unusually that we couldn't help but laugh a little.

She continued holding herself, stopping ever few minutes to cross her legs to help, as we made our way somewhat quickly back towards her house. My mind and heart were racing and I was hard as a rock anticipating what might happen.

Suddenly she stopped and crossed her legs and gasped, "Oh, no," and held herself bent over for a moment before standing back up and saying, "I just peed a little. It just came out and I couldn't stop it."

I said, "Let me see."

She smiled and uncrossed her legs, bent backwards slightly to expose her crotch, revealing to me a dark, wet spot on the crotch of her pale jeans, a beautiful wet spot the size of an egg and run slightly down the top of her left thigh.

She said, "Is it bad?"

I said, "No, it's beautiful." and I took her and kissed her hand and shoved my hand to her crotch and pressed my fingers against her, feeling the wet denim under my fingers, and I rubbed and pressed hard against her.

She pushed me away after a second and said, "Wait... we have to get home... like now... or it will get a lot worse fast and I don't want anyone out here to see me pee my pants."

I smiled and we took off walking, faster now, towards her house, which was now just around the corner. She kept her hand to her crotch and we moved as fast as should could. As we neared her house she started mumbling, "Hurry, hurry, hurry..." and we picked up the pace a little, almost to a jog, rounded the corner to her driveway, hidden now by trees from any neighbors, and she pulled me around the back of the house into the backyard, up to near the back door, then stopped, said, "Oh, thank God! Barely! I can't wait another minute!"

She spread her legs slightly, bent her knees just a little, and looked down. I staired eagerly at her crotch and a second later we could hear a hissing sound, followed immediately by a flood of wetness spreading out rapidly from her crotch, across the front of her tight jeans and down the front and inside of her legs. I quickly unzipped my pants, reached in, pulled out my penis and began stroking. She giggled at the sight of me jacking off and continued to soak her jeans. She peed for at least 30 seconds or more, absolutely soaking herself. After a few seconds of stroking I exploded, cumming all over the ground between us, moaning loudly, causing her to giggle even more. She turned around and showed me her soaked butt, then unzipped her jeans and peeled them slowly down, difficult to do soaking wet since they were already a little too small.

She smiled and said, "I'm glad you enjoyed." She leaned in and kissed me and I held her tight, squeezing her wet panties under my hands on her butt and moaned in her ear, "That was the most incredible thing anyone has ever done for me." We kissed pasionately for a moment, but when I tried to slide my hand inside her panties she stopped me and said, "I really need a shower first..."

We went inside, she tossed her soaked jeans and panties onto the flooor by the bathroom door, stripped off her top and bra, smiled at me, naked in the doorway, and said, "I'll be just a minute" then shut the door. The shower turned on and I stood there, mind swirling, heart still pounding, still aroused, replaying everything over in my mind. I grabbed her wet jeans and held them up, and her wet panties, and in less than another minute of stroking released another orgasm, this time into the crotch of the wet panties, while she showered. I dropped the soaked jeans back onto the floor but hurried and took the wet panties outside and tossed them into the trunk of my car and hurried back inside just as the water shut off.

She came out wrapped in a towel that hid her breasts down to her thighs, hair still dry, and smiled at me. She nodded with her head towards her bedroom door and said, "Now it is my turn to cum." She started down the hall, letting the towel drop from her body as she reached her door, exposing her lovely ass to me before she disappeared around the corner.

I eagerly followed her, in spite of having just had two orgasms in less than five minutes. We didn't lose our virginity to each other that day as I had hoped, but we did other satisfying things, and I kept those panties hidden in my room until we broke up some time later.

I tried to get her to wet for me again afterwards, but she said no... it was a one time thing, which made it special, she said, and no matter how much I begged she never would relent and wet herself for me again. On the plus side, we did soon start having sex and that helped take my mind off of the disappointment of her not being willing to wet her pants again, haha.

So no more wetting stories of girlfriend #1. I'll have to move forward in time now.

