Renaissance faire lines

Author: Clarissa88

*000*2013-04-21 21:16

If you've ever been to a renaissance faire, you'll know that the costumes tend to be rather extravagant. I always use this as a chance to watch some girls struggle. I tend to drink a lot and go at the first sign – this means I end up standing in plenty of lines, and it protects me from repeating an incident that happened last year... but that's a story for another time. ;-)

The first girl I saw was a redhead who had made the mistake of putting on wings. Protip: don't make wings that don't fit in the stall unless you have a bladder of steel and can hold the whole day. She had only realised that she wouldn't fit in the cabin once the previous girl had come out, leading to some complaining from the other girls in line, but I was next, and I didn't mind waiting. :-) Besides, she looked like she was absolutely bursting as her friend helped her take the wings off. She kept saying "hurry up!" and shifting from leg to leg, and even grabbed herself a little by the end.

Next time was a chance I knew I'd have. Around 4, many stall owners decide to have a little break and the lines tend to double or triple for just a few minutes. A bit of well-timed drinking and I was right in the middle of things as the tide came in. Girls suddenly having to wait a quarter of an hour when they thought they'd be done in fifteen minutes... this was the time that it had gone wrong last year. This year, a girl dressed up as a fawn was the unlucky one. She had enough trouble walking to the stalls, and then trying to shift around on those legs didn't do her any good. She didn't end up wetting (as far as I saw ;-) but she did do a great display of the desperation: shifting from leg to leg, having to move extra due to the hooves, and then finally just grabbing herself when she was out of sight for most people. She was surprisingly silent, unfortunately, as I'd have loved to know what it was that filled her up so much.

The third sighting was actually soon after the faire, and was finally something more of my taste. A battalion of spearmen who had been marching around and showing off how cool they were had been "released from duty", and as a group headed to the nearest loos... which, of course, couldn't fit half of them. I got to watch the guys shifting around in line for a while (payback!) before they finally decided to screw the rules and just piss behind the portapotties... which, "unfortunately", weren't quite as well-hidden as the gents had perhaps hoped. ;-) I guess I'll be paying more attention to them next year.

That's it for now. I've got some more stories but quite a few are about guys, and I'm not sure whether anyone wants to hear those. Sorry about the lack of wettings – I only have a few to tell, and they're all private. ;-)

*006*2013-04-22 22:55

{{: 

A quarter of an hour is 15 minutes. lol.

}}

See, this is what I mean! D-: I always end up with a silly error like this.

Seeing as there's interest, a quick story about a guy... Well, I have a friend who I occasionally do holding contests with. I don't think he's into omo, but he seems to be okay with it anyway. The weather was finally getting better last week and I invited him to go for a picnic, and of course took plenty of drinks along. We both went before we left, and then I challenged him to drink as much as I did, and not go until I also did. I knew it would be fairly close, but he had drunk quite a bit before we left, so he was the one to get full first. I managed to get him to hang on for quite a bit longer before he finally gave up and ran to the nearest tree. :-D I ended up having to find some bushes too, soon, but it was totally worth it to see him give up like that.

I generally love contests, now that it's warmer perhaps I'll do some more. ;-)

