The Long Ride Home

Author: LondonGirl

*000*2012-11-03 21:58

I've known about my wetting fetish since I was 12, I found out about it when this particular wetting occurred. First a little back story to, you know, set the scene so to speak. This accident happened during the summer of 2003, I was a slim build at this time and had tanned skin from a holiday I had earlier at the start of the summer. I have blue eyes and had my hair dyed dark red, I wore just a normal light blue pair of knickers on with a plain white bra. Over them I wore what could be best described as just a really long shirt (Short-sleeved went down to knees) which had light blue and white stripes with a grey rose design on the chest. I wore just a plain pair of white shoes without socks.

The accident happened during a shopping trip with my friend. We'd been at a local shopping centre all day, during this time I'd drank around 3 normal bottles of coke and hadn't gone to the toilet for about 3 hours. My friend had left early because she was getting a lift home and so I had to get the bus on my own. In a slightly stupid move I went into a shop to browse when instead I should have paid, which was already by this point, an urgently needed visit to the toilet and then gone to wait for my bus. I eventually realized I was about to miss my bus 2 minutes before it was due to arrive. Instantly I sped walk to the bus stop, after only around ten seconds of this I could feel my bladder aching, I knew I needed a wee badly and decided to use the toilets next to the stop and considering this was a UK bus I was hoping it would stay true to it's reputation and come 5 minutes late.

Just my luck. As soon as I got to the stop I could see it coming down the road. I stood there debating for a few seconds, all the while my bladder aching, but I knew if I took the time for a wee I'd miss my bus and have to wait another hour (With no money left, I had a day saver so I already had the bus covered) for the next. I reluctantly got on and made a bee line for the back and sat in the left hand corner of the bus. Being able to sit down and rest provided me with a little relief but my aching bladder and made me tightly press my now shaking legs together, I became generally worried at this point as the situation really hit me, I knew had a very real chance of having an accident at this point.

After around 10 minutes on the bus (The journey would take 25) my situation had worsened deeply. I had both my hands in between my legs trying to just provide some sense of relief. My legs were trembling and still tightly together. My bladder was aching and I could feel the pressure of the wee, I could feel it trying to push itself out. Luckily I was at the back or the entire bus would be able to see me on verge of wetting myself. My mind was racing trying to figure out a way for my to wee, I was contemplating literally any solution. I was thinking of just squatting at weeing onto the floor but given the floor it would be very audible and the bus had 5 people on it besides me so no where near enough noise to hide it. I thought about just getting off now and going in any place with a bit of privacy but it was out of the question. Firstly I was too scared someone would see me and secondly it would leave me in an area I barely knew.

That's when it happened, I felt myself leak and the warm wee hit my thighs. I knew it was going to happen and then quickly changed my position, I took my shoes off to avoid filling them with my wee and lifted my over-shirt and under-shit above my waist (I was very lucky no one was near the back otherwise I'd be pretty much flashing them) and just relaxed my bladder's muscles. I could feel the wee just pour out of me, it soaked my underwear within seconds and began to drench the seat. I felt my bladder slowly emptying, it felt amazing just being able to let it all out. It began to drip down my legs after flooding my thighs. 

I wee'd for around a minute when it slowly turned into a dribble and then small spurts. I felt so relaxed at letting go, then out of nowhere a small spasm of excitement hit me, it felt....amazing! I took little notice of the pleasure it gave me at the time. When I finished I looked at the aftermath. My legs were completely soaked and my underwear had tightened and was too soaked. The seat had a huge wet patch with a few dribbles running down onto the floor. I then pulled my shirts back down making sure not to put them over my rear yet to avoid wetting them.

My stop quickly arrived I hurried off before anyone could notice the still soaked seat. I shivered as the cold air met my wet bum and quickly hurried home to clean myself back up. That night I couldn't stop thinking about my accident it just excited me so much, I then remembered my childhood noticing I also took notice of anyone declaring an urge to wee and realized the topic in general just excited me.

*004*2012-11-04 00:05

First of all, thanks for the all the kind words it really helps knowing people like what your posting :)

I do have several more to post as well, which I'll most likely do tomorrow. I like to have the memory clear in my head so I can add all the details and well...I'm a little sleepy...

*006*2012-11-05 23:03

{{ 

Please do share, quite interesting! :)

}}

If you mean the one I was going to upload, the topic's called My First Voluntary Wetting :)

