Drunken outdoor peeing

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-22 13:47

Hello everyone!

So, I have so many stories I want to share, and so as not to post too many I'm trying to only post one a day haha!

Some people I've spoken to on here are interested in this story, so I will tell it now!

I had spent the night with my now boyfriend and we'd had a fun night/day of getting intoxicated. I went back to my mum's house to get changed and cleaned up, to go out to my friend T's 18th birthday. I would have been 19 at this point. I was still feeling kinda buzzed, and T's mum who lives down the road from me gave us both a lift into town to this fake italian-american chain restaurant. We met his friend H there also. It was great and we tried all different cocktails, so we certainly consumed a lot of alcohol.

H was bragging about how the fake american sports bar chain he worked at was wayyyy better, so we all, now pretty tipsy, made our way down to H's work, and drank more. They had all these crazy desert style cocktail things so we tried loads out. I must have peed in their bathroom 3 times in the hour and a half before we decided to walk home.

This would have been a 40 minute walk for me normally but being intoxicated also it took a long time because we kept laughing and stopping and being stupid. 15 minutes in and my bladder was full again. I don't know about you guys, but when I'm drunk my bladder fills quickly and I get desperate as soon as I feel it. T and H were seemingly fine, and I willed myself to hold on. Both these guys were younger than me, and were, well, guys, so they could quite easily pee in the underpasses when we went through them, but I didn't want to do that. I kept telling myself I could hold it and it would be fine, but it literally felt like my pee was kicking at my bladder to come out.

Another few minutes and T slowed down, he looked worried and said 'I really need to pee' H started laughing at his predicament and I smiled. 'Your first time getting drunk?' This was in late August so he was one of the youngest in his peer group to become 18. He was shaking his head and getting annoyed with me and H winding him up.

We were walking past numerous restaurants and I said to T he should ask, I'd even say I needed to go so he wouldn't be embarrassed about it, but he refused. Really, I was getting super desperate, and I wanted to tell T, but H was already making non stop 'hsssss' noises so I thought I'd better not encourage that.

We ended up outside a gay bar, and I was on the verge of begging T, just go in, we'll all get a shot of something, use the toilets and leave! There was no other bars/clubs open nearby, and my pee was up to my eyeballs or so it felt. He refused over and over saying he wouldn't go in a gay bar with H. We were all very drunk and laughing at his thought process. T shook his head and decided to just walk home.

We got towards the underpass and I said "T why don't you go here, me and H will wait for you on the other side". He refused saying he could hold it. I think he was trying to prove how much he didn't have to pee, but to me it was obvious he needed to go. He was walking really weirdly but hurriedly, his legs were jerking about.

We have to walk over a bridge to get home, and my head was swaying as we got to the top. We were nearly there but I at this point thought I was going to definitely wet myself, and wouldn't make it. We've all been there I think, where you just know that there is no way you can hold it.

We eventually got to the other side of the bridge and me and T were quiet, H was playing music on his phone and singing along loudly, he was too drunk to notice me and T. It was obvious that we both had other things on our mind. We live very close, but I have to go through a play park and an alleyway to get to my house, whereas T just follows the road down a little further. I suggested we go down to the alley so he can pee, he just told me 'don't be stupid, I can hold it' but if walking was making holding for me nearly impossible he must be in a similar state, as he didn't pee before we left H's work whereas I did.

I was elated, it meant I could go down my alley alone, and relieve my very angry bladder. T was meant to walk me home but I don't think he was focused on that at that moment in time. As we neared the play park I said to T," I'm gonna go home now", I was going to walk down the main road but I told him that I drank too much and just wanted to sleep it off, and would text him when I got home so he knew I got in okay.

He said that was fair enough and he wanted to do the same himself. I hugged him goodbye and thanked him for the evening, then walked casually towards the alley way. The issue with this alley is that it's dark and easy to target people. My mum would be so very angry if she new what I was doing, but I couldn't care less, my bladder was literally pounding within me.

As soon as T and H were out of sight I ran into the opening of the alley. The small stones there crunching against my feet. I was literally so desperate my bladder was starting to spasm and I had to find somewhere quickly, there were a couple of houses that could see me easily so I had to go further into the alley. I saw the run down bench where the grass is at it's longest and chose that as my area. I was still super drunk so I stumbled over towards the bench. I had to cross my legs and bounce a little at this point as I was close to losing it.

I pulled down my pants and began peeing in my underwear so I ripped those down as well, still pretty much standing. I crouched down and held onto the bench as I was swaying in my drunkenness and just listened to myself peeing. It was really loud, hissing out of me, spraying the grass that was tickling at my thighs, it was one of the best wets of my life, it went on for forever and I could see my puddle in the moonlight, running down the slight incline from the grass and onto the stony path, it was a massive stream and it was all over my shoes, but at this point I didn't care. I was only worried as it was so loud, and pretty obvious as to what I was doing if anybody happened to walk down the alley, they'd see me peeing like a race horse on to my shoes, drunkenly swaying holding onto a bench for support, with a very relieved smile on my face.

I'm not sure how long it lasted, it felt like I peed for five minutes. I shakily stood up, pulling up my slightly damp panties and pants. I felt my shoes squeak a little as I walked home. It was the most relieved I've ever been in my life, and if I hadn't have peed when I did I would have definitely wet myself!

I got in and had to pee again! So it didn't last that long of a feeling, but it was great none the less!

Thanks for reading :)

*002*2015-09-22 15:33

{{: 

Another excellent read - thanks! I could happily get used to your stories being a daily fixture :-)

How far from home were you, then? Was there no chance of making it back?

}}

Haha thank you! I was literally minutes away from home but the way my bladder was spasming I knew I wouldn't have made it another second, and I already was peeing full force before I even crouched down.

*004*2015-09-22 18:48

I think all that effort to look as casual as normal used up my ability to hold any longer and as soon as the fight was over to not embarrass me I only had a few seconds left!!

