Motorcycle desparation

Author: Snnwr

*000*2015-05-30 23:58

This is a true story.

So I drive a motorcycle and decided to go for a ride. I felt the need to use the bathroom, but since my bladder is used to me holding it, I thought I'd go on for a few hours so I just went for a ride. What I didn't realise was the amount of water I had been drinking. It was the first hot day of this year in the Netherlands, and I suffer from headaches when I am not hydrated enough. I was riding about half an hour when I realised how fast my bladder was filling itself. By the that time I was pretty far from home so I wondered whether to go back or not. I decided to shorten my trip since I was already feeling a bit more uncomfortable. 

I drove to my home town and I felt the tank of my bike pressing against my bladder. I tried some different positions, but that looks silly on a bike and it's unsafe so I just had to deal with it. I was fascinated by the fact of how fast my bladder was feeling so full, since normally it takes a few hours to fill up to this point. This point meaning; me seriously considering to just park my bike and pee on the side of the road. But I was almost home. Then I realized I had to get some stuff at the grocery store and since I it is only a five minute drive from there, I figured I could hold that much longer.

When I stepped of my bike I felt a bit relieved because me standing up straight gave my bladder some space. So I got what I needed and quickly went to the check out only to find out that I wasn't the only one there. I waited patiently, but of course I choose the wrong check out because I had the longest wait. By this point my bladder was so filled up that I felt some desparation by the thought of me having to sit down on my bike again, this time with a heavy backpack added to my own weight pressing against the tank of my bike. I fought with all my willpower not to start a shameless pee pee dance right in the middle of the store.

Standing with my legs crossed and hop from one foot to another, I just waited for my turn. Finally I could pay and leave the store. I must have been walking a bit silly since I was trying to press my tights as hard as possible together to not wet myself. Walked back to my bike, put on my helmet, and then came the moment I had to put one leg over my saddle to sit down on my bike. Wich, miraculously, went pretty well. I felt relief by the thought I was finally home in ten minutes so I started driving, holding myself back from driving to fast and unresponsable. Then first, the only two traffic lights to pass on my way home, were red. For what seemed like eternity, I then felt the first drip come put and I thought I would lose it.

I actually thought I might as well wet myself now since I'm going home anyway. But I could hold it. Then I found out the main road to my house was closed due to a huge accident with a truck. Wich ment that the route I had To take now, were another 15! minutes of holding. My bladder was seriously on the edge of busting. At that point I was racing home, going way over the speed limit to outrace my bladder. 15 minutes of torture went pass, and feeling every hole and bump in the road. Making me wanna scream from desparation. I finally made it home. I parked my bike, stepped off trying not to wet myself there, and silly - walked to my front door. I struggled with the keys doing the pee pee dance and finally opened the door.

Threw my backpack on the floor, took of my helmet and tried to get out of my suit, wich is really hard concidering all the zippers and doing the pee dance. I felt I was about to lose control of my bladder while walking up the stairs, but I was still holding. Then upstairs the bathroom was locked, my brother was in there. I shouted he had to come out and he told me he was almost done. I am surprised that I held it for that long, since I thought I was gonna lose it at the store. I jumped from one leg to another with my tights pushed together to the limit. Then finally my brother came out of the bathroom and it was my turn. Now I had the 'safety' of a toilet right in front of me and I felt like I should hold it longer, just to see where my limit would be. 6 more minutes and then I lost it. Peed right trough my panties while standing in the shower. Never felt solo good.

*010*2015-06-02 11:01

I have measured how much i can hold. 15hours and 1400L.

