Packing to move wetting

Author: meisme20

*000*2015-08-02 20:18

Hi guys, got a fun experience I had to share from a couple of weeks ago.

I'd just finished university and I was moving home in a couple of days, so I decided to pack. Early on in my packing I happened upon a pair of old jeans which were ripped massively at the crotch, I don't know why I didn't throw them out, lazy student, but that's beside the point! I decided to have a little bit of fun with these jeans while I was packing, seeing as I was going to be throwing them out I didn't have to worry about cleaning up, which is the main thing which stops me from wetting these days.

I already had to pee a little bit, but I decided to drink 2 litres of water, wait 90 minutes, and then start packing and see how long I could hold it. When I started packing it I could definitely already feel it, but it wasn't urgent. After about 20 minutes of packing my need to go grew pretty rapidly, but I was enjoying myself so I decided to go out into the garden to have a cigarette, there was still no danger yet.

Anybody who lives in the UK knows how unseasonably cold July has been, I hadn't prepared for that, the cold air made the situation far worse, but I knew it still wasn't quite time yet. Once I was back inside however the urge intensified, I tried to continue packing as best I could but by this point I was having to hold my dick through the massive rip in the shorts. Soon this became a problem.

I had to lift a particularly heavy box full of vinyl records, it required the use of both hands, shit, what was I going to do? I came up with this strategy in my head where if I did it quickly it wouldn't be a problem. Big mistake. The second I lifted the box a massive spurt came out. I wasn't expecting it as usually my wettings are deliberate! Once I had moved the box I was back to holding myself, this time with both hands, I knew I didn't have long left.

I was still trying to get on with my packing, but progress had slowed, every step was torturous to my bladder. I had to disassemble a drum kit and pack it away, so I got on my knees and as I did I just totally lost control. There was no point trying to hold it anymore, the wetness spread through my jeans and down onto my floor (I think this is where I lost my deposit lol!) and I was peeing for a good 2 minutes. It felt incredible.

The sense of relief was like nothing I had ever felt, once I was done peeing I decided to make the best of the bad situation and started wanking in my wet jeans about what I had just done, I normally have good stamina but on this day I doubt I lasted a minute, I had the most intense orgasm I've ever had on my own! After this I got a quick shower (thank god for en-suite bathrooms) and threw the jeans away, then got on with packing to come back home.

