Earliest Accident

Author: PeePantsLover1

*000*2012-03-28 23:39

I dont remember all of it but here go's all I remember.

I was in 2nd grade and we went to the library every day after lunch for 1hr 30min. Theyd start off by reading to us for 20-30min and after we would go play on computers or read books. I was one of the kids that sat at a random table and just read by myself. I remember I had drank a lot during lunch so i already had to pee when we left.

By the time I started reading I was holding myself pretty tight. I could of went to the bathrooms at any moment but we had to ask a teacher or librarian. So I went to ask a teacher and librarian atleast 7 different times but each time they said hold on or they were with another kid. We had about 30min left so i thought i could hold it. (i was wrong)

I went back and sat down and attempted to read getting the thought off my mind. It didnt help much because i was reading a book about waterfalls. Stupid choice. I was sitting there in my white underwear, blue jeans and I think a red t-shirt. Getting more desperate and only being 7 i think, i couldnt hold it for long. I wound up just peeing without choice right there in my chair. You could clearly hear the hissing of my warm pee if you were sitting next to me. I sat there for about 2min just peeing and sitting in a puddle of my warm pee. Luckfully none of the pee went on the floor.

A teacher came over and asked whst did I want. So i said can i go to the bathroom. I did but i sat in there for 20min or so trying to dry my pee soaked jeans with paper towels haha. A kid came in so i ran into a stall so he didnt see me. Being curious i pulled down my pants to see the damage on my underwear, they werent white anymore. A nice light wet yellow color now. I was so embarrased when I got home my mom didnt notice until later that night but i stripped completely and change.

I was stupid and left my wet clothes in the middle of my room. So during dinner it was just me and my mom. Of course she found them and mentioned it. She didnt make a big fuss of it or anything she just said go to my room and think about it so i did. When I got in there though, sitting on my bed was a suprise....a package of pull ups.

I asked my mom why they were there and she said theyre for you cause you had an accident. You will wear one to bed and one to school tomorrow.

I dont remember the rest really. All i remember was i was extremly embarrassed and i did wear them to school and to bed. When i put it on to go to bed though i looked in a mirror and thought wow im in pull ups again this stinks. Then i randomly lost control of everything like a baby. I peed the pull up and my mom made me sleep in it.

Thats all i remember of thus accident. Thanks

