Me and the blonde woman at the train

Author: vikka

*000*2012-08-30 02:58

What I'm going to tell now, happened when I was fiifteen years old. I'd been living in Sweden for some years, in Stockholm. I've told you before, how I came to love wetting myselff, when I was ten. At the age of fifteen a new element of the thrill had been added, The sexual element! I'd been aware of that peeing myself, especially in public, always made me extremely aroused.

It was a Sunday, and I had no school. I had a rather late breakfast. Both my mother and I liked to sleep long in Sunday mornings. I woke up with only one thought in my mind. This Sunday I would dedicate to wetting adventures! At first I was thinking of skipping my morning pee, just to save it for later... But that didn't work. Already on my way to the bathroom to wash, pee began to dribble in my sleeping panties! I had to run to the bathroom, pressing my hands in between my thighs, and hadn't even time to pull down my panties before I sat down on the toilet. 

My pee gushed forcefully through my panties and splashed to the water. It felt like a bliss, and even before I'd stopped peeing, I began to stroke my pussy on the outside of my panties. Only a few strokes were needed before I came! I gave my panties a quick wash and hung them up in the back of my wardrobe to dry. I got to confess, that this was a pretty normal start of a day of mine. It happens quite often, that I begin dribble in my sleeping panties as soon as I've got out of my bed...

Anyway, having already peed meant, that I had to refill my bladder to be properly prepared for the wetting adventures I'd planned. I had three big mugs of tea and a couple of glasses of juice at breakfast. My mother noticed my extraordinary input of liquid.

"Don't forget to go to the bathroom before you leave! You don't want an accident to happen!" She laughed. Think if she knew, that an accident was just what I was planning...

I went to the underground station. I thought I would go to the big parks Gärdet and Djurgården , and see what wetting mischiefs I could find out there. I already felt a need to pee, when I entered the train.

From some reason there were only a few wagons, and a lot of people wanted to go downtown or further to Gärdet. So all seats were filled and I had to stand up. I was sqeezed in between some women. In front of me was a nice looking blonde woman, maybe around twentyfive years old. At the next station more people came on board and the blonde was pressed against me. When the train started again, she didn't triy to move to give some space between us. On the contrary, I felt her breasts rubbing with the movements of the train against mine. As she looked so nice, I didn't feel intimidated by the intimacy. I rather began to become a little aroused. After the next station we were even more cramped up. I felt her tummy grind against mine. So far I couldn't decide whether she did it on purpose or not. But it felt very exciting!

But then something happened, that couldn't be accidental. She put an arm around me and placed her hand on my bottom, pulling me tighter against her. One of her legs pressed in between my thighs. I stood straddle-legged to keep my balance, so it was easily done. As she was much taller than me, I soon felt her thigh rubbing against my crotch. This far I had been passive, but now I started to feel really randy. I couldn't help grinding my pussy against her thigh. We were standing cheek to cheek and I felt her breath on my ear.

The next thing was, that she managed to sneak a hand in between our bodies and then inside my skirt waistband. Her hand went on outside my panties and reached upon my pussy. I got aroused, aroused aroused! And I got naughty! Really naughty... I felt that I was almost desperate to pee, and I thought: Why not! I began peeing my panties, starting with a tiny stream. Then I tried to stop peeing, but I couldn't. My pee continued to flow. And flow. My wetting didn't keep the blonde from going on caressing my pussy.

She gently rubbed my pussy at the same time as one finger was slowly stroking my labia. I panted heavily and to muffle my moans I pressed my mouth against her shoulder. My first orgasm came before I've stopped peeing! I bit my lips so I shouldn't scream. It was so awsome! I had several orgasms in a row! When the train stopped at the Stockholm Central, I was still coming and barely fully conscious. Most of the passengers left the train and I dropped into a seat. When I looked up, the blonde was vanished.

Afterwards I was wondering if not anyone witnessed, what we were doing. But I didn't hear any remarks, and I believe that the fact, that the train was so crowded, hindered people to notice what took place from the waist and downwards.

I was very disappointed, that the blonde disappeared. I had so much wanted to give her some orgasms as well! And maybe get some more myself!

*003*2012-08-30 22:01

Oh, thankyou so much Proxy11 and fak :) Your comments have made me very happy! I won't deny that I like to receive comments to what I write, and when they are so much appreciating as yours, they make me dance all day!! And for sure they make me want to tell you more about my experiences. Yes, fak, they are my own experiences... I know, I do things, that maybe seem a bit daring, but that is what I love. That is what gets me thrilled and excited. More than once I've got in trouble, but so far I've managed to get off. I guess it helps, that I'm so young and a rather small and pretty girl... Btw. my avatar is a photo of me. I believe, that the risk for being recognized is infinitesimal, but if I do, I don't really care. I am who I am, that's what people has to deal with.

I love omorashi and I am a true exhibitionist! The combination is an awsome one B)

*005*2012-08-31 14:47

{{ 

Haha the chance of this to happen has to be like one in a million, you are certainly very lucky indeed! :) This woman must have had some sort of a sixth sense :)

}}

It's not at all as rare as you think. You're a guy, and I guess that for a guy the chance for something similar would be very, very small. But I can tell you, that it isn't at all rare for a girl to be groped by men at a crowded train. To be groped by an other woman happens not quite so often. But it happens. Although women usually are more discreet. As in this case I wrote about; if I'd tried to avoid contact, when she pressed herself against me and rubbed her breasts against mine, she would probably not go any further. And I couldn't know if her actions were intentional or if they were caused by the movements of the train. But when I didn't avoid her, she could assume that it was worth to go further... But all the time she could break off her attempts without loosing her face, if I showed signs of not liking it.

You, being a guy, are probably not aware of that there in fact are not so few women out there, that are "interested" in other women; lesbians and also women, who are curious about sapphic love. And to discreetly touch an other woman in for instance crowded places, is one way, not so uncommon, to try to explore if the other woman woud be interested in a contact. I probably shouldn't give away this "secret" like this... But I just wanted to show that girls are not that different from boys sometimes lol The difference might be that we proceed more cautiously B)

*017*2012-10-24 21:22

I am so ashamed to have left the last eleven comments without a heartfelt thankyou for such a long time! Thankyou, thankyou all of you!!

And on top of that I've left a question unanswered. Sorry for that "ilovemyfetish"! Here are my answers: My skirt became very wet in the front but as it was dark blue, the wetness wasn't very visible (at least that was what I hoped). My panties were pink (my favourite panty colour) and of course they were totally soaked! (I always love walking around among people with soaked panties under my skirt, and nobody suspects it!)

