My wetting experie

Author: Anti-SJW (211)

*000*2012-12-16 08:08

The story is, I unintentionally filled my bladder quite a lot, and held for a while until I needed to go quite badly, while I was busy watching Code Lyoko. When I finally did decide to pee, Seth was in the bathroom, showering. A half-hour of holding later, and I was able to make it just fine.

Though, my bladder has been weak from my recent holding experiences, and now it was even weaker. I decided to take a walk to the store, knowing full well that I would need to pee.

There's not much to tell about the walk... Beautiful night, not too cold out, somewhat bright. It was really good. Unfortunately, I was wearing large pants like I used to { for relaxation purposes }. When I was in the petrol station getting myself some Combos, I decided that I would wet myself a little, and walk home. I crossed a snowbank and began walking across the yard between the road by the stores and the street parallel to mine, and that's when I decided to do it. I was about halfway through, and, pretending to bend over in desperation a little, I let out a slight bit into my pants - And that's when it hit me, I realized that, with my bladder in its weakened state, I really did need to go. So I held on until I got to the street, and let out some more.

By now, I was feeling the wet, cold feeling of the pants clinging to my thighs, definitely not something i'm used to. I was hoping the damage wasn't severe because, even though it was almost midnight, I would still be a little embarrassed if someone were to see me like that. I continued my walk until I got to my house, then I looked through the window, deciding to let a little more out. And by then, my bladder weakness, paired with the tea I have been drinking all day, almost got the better of me, and I soaked my pants down to the lower legs. I was absolutely positive, however, that I would NOT get any in my shoes.

And I didn't. I made it into the garage, and that's that, for now. It seemed that I was in a safe zone, and I could finally let out the rest, undisturbed, without another drop into my pants...

...As you can see, there was a considerable amount of visible damage. If I were talking to someone who so happened to be observant, it would have risen in conversation most definitely.

So, curious as I am, I couldn't help but think I wanted to progress. Instead of using the toilet, I removed my shoes and socks and came to my room, hoping that nobody could hear anything. I let some more out, and before the wave hit me, I grabbed my camera off my shelf and took pictures. I took some of myself going, then I stopped, and then I finally decided to let it all out, much to my relief, but I have a feeling it's going to make a suspicious { yet beautiful } scent in my room later.

And that's the most of it. The puddle on the floor was bigger than expected, and I got my green carpet wet. I didn't want to do that. But I did nonetheless. xD

I wanted to take a picture of the puddle, but I guess I was a little lost in the moment. Anyway, one last picture for you.

Well, I had fun. Hope it's enjoyable for you, or else there was no point in it to begin with.

*002*2012-12-17 01:53

{{: 

Nice Twilight stuff :x

But really, great experience. o.o And here you are saying that you normally don't like doing it yourself. :p

}}

Keyword: Normally.

Last night was an abnormal night.

Not to mention, I didn't enjoy it all that much. I just let myself get lost in the moment. Being alone makes it uninteresting.

