My first accident as an adult

Author: Kelly13

*000*2014-06-16 05:19

So I figure there need to be more experiences from girls on here.

Here's one of my own. I have had only a handful of genuine accidents.

The first time it happened in my adult life, I was 19 and drinking on the patio of my dorm building with my group of smoking badass buddies. I saw a guy I remembered having met recently, and tipsily decided I needed to chase him down the walkway, shrieking some nonsense at him.

When we reached the door to the building I just felt a splash down my thighs. That was it. No build-up. I can't remember if I had noticed I needed to pee before that, or if it was just from the exertion of running. But I quickly ducked inside to clean myself up. My panties were soaking wet and I remember being completely confused... This had never happened to me before. How had I suddenly peed in my pants?? I dried myself off, or so I thought, and headed back outside.

I thought I'd gotten away with it, as the pants I had on were very dark blue and not tight, until I rejoined my friends. I set my cigarette pack precariously on my lap, conveniently on top of the biggest part of the wet spot. Heart racing, lizard brain pounding (I'd known I was into this but had NEVER dared to be the one who wet herself), I settled back down and lit a smoke.

My girl friend decided to tell a story about the last time she'd peed her pants (as a kid). Being drunk, I didn't pick up on what she'd picked up on so I just laughed.

Several years later I realized "damnit! She totally said that on purpose!"

And now, even though it was a lifetime ago, I still am embarrassed that my friends might have noticed that i pissed my pants one time while I was drunk.

*006*2014-06-17 03:11

So glad to see you all like this!

Yes, there've been a little handful of genuine incidents. Never enough to be blatant, or for anyone to point and laugh at me, luckily. I might get to those some time. :)

