Why I should be single (Girl peeing her pants)

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-05 00:14

I haven't posted in awhile so, your humble narrator thought it would be good to give you a story from quite recently. Getting used to typing again with my hand in it's new state. But that's for a different time.

Twas friday a couple of weeks ago and I had agreed to venture to my friend's house. She was attractive but we don't care because she's not imporant right now. Took me forever to get there but with a bag full of horror movies, it should be worth it. Should mention this now, my girlfriend is terrified of horror movies. She couldn't even sit through "The Woman In Black". I, on the other hand, am a massive horror movie fan, but, I try to be nice and not make her watch them...often. So I arrived and met the rest of my friends. The one from a previous story who wet herself after I tickled her(I tapped that ;)) A couple of guys (Didn't tap them), My Girlfriend (Tapped) and my friend who's house we were at (Give it time.) Ofcourse my girlfriend was completley unaware that I had brought horror movies with me, so she welcomed me with a hug, I grabbed her ass, blah blah blah and we retreated to the living room.

She was wearing a black shirt with some band on it (Hipster bands), which tightly hugged her upper body and she was wearing a black skirt to match, with tights. I belive she was wearing purple panties and a bra to match? Just a guess on my part.

She settled onto the center seat, saving me room next to her and I stood infront of the others. I dragged the movies out of my bag and presented them. We took a quick vote (My girlfriend didn't participate) and the original(and best) "A Nightmare on Elm Street" was chosen for the movie. I sat down and my girlfriend curled up into my arm. The movie began and she was already nervous (She was shaking), I grinned, amused by the fact she was scared so early on.

About quarter of the way through, I saw her hand move progressivly closer and closer to her crotch. Then it dawned upon me. I was eating this Kit Kat the wrong way! I wasn't snapping it into strips, I was just biting th-Sorry, I coulden't help it. It dawned upon me that she infact needed to use the bathroom. We were approaching Tina's death (If you've seen it, you'll know how good it is). The scene began and my GF was practically terrified before Freddy even did his thing. She stood and started to make her way over to the door. I quickly rose and blocked it.

"C'mon. It's about to get good". I said with a grin.

"I just need to use the toilet." She whined, putting on her cutest grin. "I'll be back in like 5 mins"

"Sure. Were just gonna let you go to the one room in the house with a lock." I said, knowing the others would see my point.

I placed my arm around her and took her back to the seat.

"Relax. It only gets worse from here" I said. A large smile gracing my face.

She looked nervously at me and curled back up to my arm. I could feel her body shake as she held onto her bladder. Her shaking and fidgeting continued all the way to Glen's death. I was the only one in the group who had seen the movie before so they had no idea it was coming. I got ready, knowing what would probably happend(and did happend). I put my arm around her and squeezed her against me. She gave me a dirty look and suddenly went red. "AHa! She's leaking." I thought. "If I wasn't such an ass, I would probably let her go and save her from this humiliation". 

She was now staring at the screen, looking quite bored. Glen was lying on the bed, he was asleep. Suddenly Freddy's hands shot out from beneath him and pulled him down (Bastard stole the tv as well). My girlfriend jumped and I began to feel my leg getting wet. I looked down and saw her dress getting progressivly darker, and could hear the hissing and splatter as the liquid pooled upon the couch and flowed over to where I was sat. I looked down and saw her embaressed and red face. She looked up at me with angry eyes.

What happend next, I'm not gonna say. Lots of swearing and we missed the end of the movie ( :( ) Luckily for me, she's easily swayed by my (Apparently) great smile. I was quickly forgiven and she borrowed some pants and underwear from my friend. Twas a good day.

Thanks for reading. I'll do another story about my camping trip (This is a good one) soon.

*003*2013-07-07 14:16

{{ 

Does she know that you like Omorashi? I'm gonna assume not but haha poor girl, but I'm glad she forgave you!

}}

Nobody knows and they never will.

