My Experiences - A Retrospective

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2013-05-21 01:43

OK well I've been posting a lot on this site. Probably too much, but its one of my primary ways of procrastinating. Well tonight I decided to look back at all of the experiences I've posted and group them all together in one handy place. For newer people you might enjoy something new.

I'm hoping to get time to add more soon (particularly the night I spent with my BF whilst wearing a diaper! and some recent incidents). But in the mean time, enjoy a walk down memory lane :)

Ultrasound Disaster, was the first experience I posted. I took me a long time to get up the courage to share something personal, especially something this personal. I've had many more ultrasounds since then and well always wear protection now. This is also one of the reasons why I don't do holding contests, I suck and I'm always worried about UTIs.

$/2645-ultrasound-disaster/

2000th Post! So not the more detailed story this time, just a few photos.

$/8859-rachels-2000th-post/

My Puddle! So I was still very shy at this point and only showed the puddle I made in my post. Oh how I've lost that shyness :) Though I'm still pretty shy about some things.

$/7528-my-puddle-tight-and-tena-wetting-this-afternoon/

My Next Puddle! I couldn't wait to make this after the last one, especially after all the positive feedback I got. So I did. In this one we've got some of my favourites: diapers, panties, my schoolgirl skirt, you name it. Plus a cute puddle!

$/7596-my-next-puddle/

Maid Up-Skirt Wetting. So apparently I was very excited about sharing experiences last autumn as I shared so many... mmm wonder why I didn't get much work done those months. I'm likely paying for it now. Also I had an epic many video fun time day. Apparently I was very horny that day. Anyhow this was one of my favourites and its one of my favourite dresses. I think I should have worn thinner leggings/tights though, the pee stains would have shown up better.

$/9171-rachels-maid-up-skirt-wetting-pictures-and-video/

Naughty Rachel Wetting. So these weren't my trousers so I didn't mind wetting them, though I shoulda held onto them and made some more videos. The way the get wet is fantastic, though they make my hips look a little big. Those panties are very uncomfortable sadly.

$/9031-naughty-rachel-wetting-video-pictures/

Wetting my Capri Jeans and Tena Discreet Diapers. I should probably put these pictures in the Waiste Band diaper thread. Love these ones generally. Lots of fun making it . :)

$/9433-wetting-my-capri-jeans-and-tena-discreet-diaper-pictures/

Jeans Wetting POV. I think I'm going to have to make more of them, I've always enjoyed watching other people do these. Especially the ones with talking. "Oh no, I'm not going to make it... ohhh..." and so on ad sexium. This one was also taking one for the team as I damaged my camera and well couldn't make any more films for a while afterwards.

$/9626-rachel%E2%80%99s-jeans-wetting-pov-videophotos/

Jeans Wetting. And then I did, You might recognize these jeans from previous experiences. I was particularly proud of this one because I managed to get the angle right and well I made it especially for certain people and the whole community, personalized puddle mat!

$/11877-jeans-wetting-videospictures/

Naughty, Dirty Saturday Misadventures. The experience which shows I'm not into #2 play but well it was epic in its own painful way.

$/13492-naughty-dirty-saturday-misadventures/

I think that's all of the I wasn't able to search properly so I was going on memory and what I could find on my hard drive. Anyhow hope you all enjoy them and I hope I have time to make a few more in the next little while.

Remember for those who are shy about posting, start small at first. This is a great community and people are super supporting!

Hugs

Rach

