Stories about my ex - Page 2

Author: TheEnigmatic

*026*2020-12-23 22:10

Hi all,

Well it really has been a long time.ive decided to tell you a story about Jess. Now this story was from about 5 years ago, so it is a bit hazy but I'll do my best.

Jess wasn't really into wetting, towards the end of our relationship she did seem to change her mind but it wasn't her favourite thing about our relationship. The story I have to tell you was a genuine accident that seemed to kick start her enjoyment of wetting briefly.

Jess didn't like to hold her pee, when she did she found it painful and if she got too desperate she would start to feel a bit sick. On the day of the wetting she had wet out for a meal with some friends and I was at mine. She was wearing a medium length skirt, dark tights and a slim fitting long sleeved top.

After the meal, Jess needed to pee, but she was near the metro and thought she could hold it. The metro was late. While waiting for the train, Jess started to feel a pain in her stomach, a clear sign she was desperate. Fortunately, it was running late so her platform was empty, she was able to squeeze herself a little.

The train came and she completed the short journey to her stop, very concerned about her increasingly full bladder.

She managed to make it to her stop without any grabs or squirms or leaks. Quick sidebar to describe how Jess would hold. She simply didn't hold herself, or squirm or ever, ever leak. She had a bladder of steel. The fact she had to hold herself earlier was a sign of her desperation.

She managed to walk home with no signs of desperation, although she did tell me she had to walk a bit quicker. Jess made it home. Now this is the part I will simply never understand, but I am forever thankful for. She didn't go straight to the bathroom, but her bedroom. She closed her bedroom door, took off her coat and then, she started peeing. Just like that. No leaks, no final squirms, it started coming. Jess grabbed her skirt and pulled it up at the same time she pushed her hand into her crotch to stop the flow. It was useless. The flow of piss didn't even slow until she was finishing, crouched on her bedroom floor.

Jess was stunned, as I said she hadn't leaked, she had simply done a full pee into her underwear and tights. Her skirt had escaped any damage, but her knickers and tights were soaked, along with a sizeable wet patch on the floor.

Jess immediately phoned me to describe the incident. She knew about my fetish and was so stunned she needed to tell me. She told me later she realised the suddenly release and the spreading warms around her crotch turned her on.

This is the story, I realise the desperation is a bit limited but this is still a very happy memory for me. Hope you liked it.

