Not quite a quick trip home...

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-06-25 05:53

This is my first post as I'm new on here and so happy to discover that I'm not the only one that finds peeing to be so exciting. I have always wanted to experience serious desperation since I was young where there would be nothing I could do but wait yet I just don't quite have the patience to wait it out! But this day was my day! ;D

I just had to get out of the house that day as I was off work and getting bored. I had recently talked with my doctor about some health conditions and she said I need to drink more water to stay hydrated. So that morning I had my fair share of water to get my going. I soon left for Starbucks to get a large skinny latte. I enjoyed my time there as I read a book for about 2 hours. Then I realized I had to pee. It wasn't too bad but I kinda had to consider finding a bathroom relatively soon. I debated on peeing there or just getting home to pee. I went back to the bathroom door but you needed a code to unlock the door! There was a long line for coffee orders and I really didn't care to ask for the bathroom code in front of all these people! So I got in the car as I knew it was only 5 minutes to relief.

I started driving down the road and then I found myself caught in traffic!!! There was construction going on yet somehow a pretty bad crash had recently happened where there was only one lane for traffic to trade off the direction of traffic. I was at a complete stop as I had to pee real real badly now!! I considered peeing on the floor mat but no!! Gross. I even thought of just squatting right next to my car but seriously this is highly populated suburban setting with no place to hide and would most likely get a ticket as I'm supposed to be driving this car.

I looked and looked for a cup, bag, bowl, ANYTHING TOO TAKE A MAJOR PISS IN!!!! I had never felt this desperate before. It was painful! And I actually was getting upset. Then I realized that this was it! I had always fantasized and dreamt about being caught in this type of situation! I wasn't in a public place to the extent of people knowing that I really need to pee in this car right this millisecond. and i was alone in the car which to me personally made it even better! I was seriously so close to peeing so much that I'd overflow the leather seat of the car. I was getting so excited to be experiencing this!! Yet at the same time this slow driving was torturous and painful! and focusing on what was happening on this road was nearly impossible....

After about suffering for nearly 45 minutes, as I seriously didn't think my bladder could hold anymore yet managed to take a ton more pee(!!!!), cars finally began moving a bit more. I got so excited that I let out a strong stream that wet my pants but I made my bladder stop!! I really didn't want the car to smell like piss honestly... and the turn into my neighborhood was practically 30 seconds away, if this darn light didn't turn red!!!!!

Once the light turned green the rest of the drive was quick. I was starting to be in major pain as my bladder was convulsing. I kept bursting little bits but I made it home!! Once I stopped the car my bladder began convulsing again but I got out quickly! It was so painful!!!! Surprisingly I kept control but once I was looking for my keys in my purse as I walked up to the door I was getting pretty excited to let go! I was stumbling as I was trying to find the right key as I danced like crazy swaying back and forth, crossing my legs while bending over as I finally got the key. 

I put the key in the door as I'm dancing around and then the convulsing hit really hard this time! The force was too strong and the dam gates opened and I was peeing and that's not just it. I was literally starting to have an orgasm!!! I could have sworn that someone had a vibrator up against me at that moment!! Right there in front of my house for the neighbors to see and I came to my right mind and managed to stop that business! I unlocked the 2 front doors and I tried to stop peeing but it was tough. I stepped inside, slammed the door behind me as I ran to the bathroom with pee not just trickling but shooting down my jeans between my legs and leaving a trail of pee behind me.

When I got to the bathroom I realized this was a great opportunity! I got myself under control as I stepping into the tub with my soaked jeans because seriously it was all way past using the toilet. I unzipped my jeans to pull them down and spread everything down there in order to pee standing up which I've been practicing for the past few months now (major fan of the technique!). It was the longest stream I've ever had, lengthwise and time wise. I was even standing on top on the edge of the tub at the very back and let my bladder go! It wasn't even hitting bottom of the tub. The stream was so strong it was hitting the faucet and wall at the front end of the bathtub for over a minute! This piss continued at least 2 minutes all together. This was pure victory to me. I just wish I thought to close the drain to see how much I peed.

*007*2014-06-25 16:54

Hey everyone! Thanks for the feedback!! I didn't even think of taking a pic of all this at the time as I was so caught up in the moment :) these desperate situations don't allow me to think about doing that! But if you want to imagine how my jeans looked they were just wet everywhere! Even spread to the outside of my legs. But next time I'll be prepared haha. Hopefully someday I can take a shot of me peeing standing while using just on hand down there!

*016*2014-07-12 04:42

{{:

You must have a huge bladder to pee that long. are you close to mastering peeing standing up always found that hot for a girl to do

}}

I've been so busy and in the middle of so much chaos that I haven't been standing to pee lately. But I will say that I can aim perfectly for the drain when in a shower yet I completely over shoot when aiming for the toilet!! LOL

*018*2014-07-13 04:34

I do it whenever really haha. I wanna do it in the woods!!

*020*2014-07-13 13:07

{{:

Have you ever used a urinal?

}}

No but I really want to one day!!!! :D

I always think of all the opportunities I've had to be able to use a urinal and I regret not trying. But then again I was too young to even think of doing such a thing hahah

*022*2014-10-28 04:29

{{:

Amazing story, sounds like an incredible experience for you. Interested in you saying you wish you had put plug in to measure how much you peed, have you managed to measure your capacity any other time?

}}

I still haven't measured yet. i have moved across the country and things have been hectic....plus I'm living with my boyfriend so things could get awkward if he caught me measuring....lol.

