Highland wetting

Author: tennyson

*000*2013-06-07 17:43

I did drench myself two weekends ago when I was wearing my kilt (and setting up highland games stages). It was totally unexpected. We were lugging this stage riser and lifting it up onto the bottom row when I felt my bladder want to burst.( It may have had something to do with the people on the top corners stopping and expecting the bottom cornered people to rest a corner on my stomach/hip.)

I was spread legged for balance and I felt wetness and the breeze hit me. I started soaking my underwear. (Yes I usually wear underwear under my kilt in public because of hornets in ground nests (or was that yellowjackets...) and I do not want to flash anyone underage. IF I am with adults only and semi private (or places I can get away with it) I'll go without -or in a "plum" pack (g string thing).)

So I am squatting and soaked, trying to hold it back... not having any luck. A couple of people from a nearby tent came over and rescued us by lifting the platform up and setting it. I didn't care as long as no one noticed. Last year we had a games competitor who ate at a buffet and got the runs the next day - during competition. I did not want to be that guy.

I faded behind the tents and went off to covered picnic areas. Once in the trees, I ditched my underwear and tried to walk along like I was taking a stroll. Hoping to get a bit drier and figure out what I'm going to do for underwear.

One of the Highland dance instructors was squatting behind the last pavillion. I almost fell over her. It was awkward and I lost my hold and almost peed on her. I turned around and hit a nearby tree. She finished up behind me and handed me some wet wipes for my hands and legs.

"You can't go around without something on. Do you have anything?"

I nodded no and apologised. She came back with a woman's Depends and a large pair of black panties.

I put them on, turning around to not be rude. She laughed and said she already saw all she needed to. I understood - she could see me from where she was squatting.

I still blushed like mad and tried hard to be discreet. I almost fell over putting on the depends and panties.

I thanked her and left. I didn't see her again all the weekend, but I was busy.

No one else said anything - so I guess no one else knew (or cared) but if some of my group knew, they would have joked about it.

