Back Of the Van

Author: kgirl17

*000*2015-11-27 00:31

In the back of the van with my 4 other cousins that I hardly knew. We all were traveling to ones house after spending a nice day at an amusement park. Thank goodness I end up alone in the very back because, boy, I had to pee. Very badly.

The urge had been there since right after we had left. Almost an hour ago, and there was still another 2 hours in the drive.

Being the pee shy person I am, and wanting to be a little daring with my desperation, I didn't say anything. Although now I think I should have because the one driving took us on the back roads to get home.

I couldn't say anything now because I knew just as well as everyone that the closet store was at least over an hour and a half away.

Shit. I might not make it as it is. As it was crossing my legs only gave a small amount of relief. Squirming, feet tapping, everything.

Squeezing was getting less and less effective. I would have to hold by hand soon, and at that point I wouldn't have but about 30 minutes left in me.

I gulped, and took more shallow breaths. We hit a bump in the road and literally felt the pee get closer to release. Ahh... Grr. I silently grunted pressing my lower parts into the edge of the seat. It help a bit, but the seatbelt was cutting into my bladder.

Putting my heel under me, I tried to focus on other things.

I caught bits and pieces of conversations. When I wasn't feeling like pee might leak out I made occasional comments.

At one point in time one person said something particularly hilarious, which caused us all to laugh hysterically

I didn't even think about the consequences. A switch flipped. One second I didn't have a care in the world and the next the dam broke.

With fast reflexes I managed to get my legs crossed, but the damage was done.

The pee had spurted out. One large gush. I stemmed the flow for now, but my bladder had tasted relief and begged for more.

The pee was no longer nicely stored in my bladder. Second by second it inched further down the urethra. It was only a matter of time.

Part 2 coming soon, let me know any suggestions or if you like it.

