Wet the Bed

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2014-12-29 23:43

Last night I wet the bed legitimately for the first time in a very long time. Only the second time since I was a child, even. I'm not sure how to describe the experience, but I am sure from my dream that had something to do with abnormal breathing, on top of having to pee really bad. My hands and feet were cold and my lips tingled, while my head and neck were throbbing. My breath was short and ragged and my abdominal muscles were clenched horribly. This was forcing pee out of my body. I do not know how long I was like that, but by the time I was able to relax my muscles I was already soaked. But relaxing my muscles had the added side effect of...well...relaxing my muscles. My bladder gave way at that point and the remainder of its contents were quickly released into my briefs and soaked the bed as well as myself.

Due to the abdominal issues, the fact that I was exhausted, and my arousal, I did not move from the sopt for several minutes, and the pee that folded up to carress my back grew cold by the time I could bring myself to get up. I am glad I got a mattress pad after my last incident, as it did not soak through and did not ruin my mattress. My bladder muscles are still weak, and although I woke up due to my next urge to pee a few hours later, I did not make it to the toilet and instead wet myself a couple of feet inside of the bathroom. Seeing the "danger" in this, I threw on a diaper and went back to bed, and when I woke up this morning I had to pee...again (my kidneys are a wee bit overactive lately), so I went in my diaper and am still enjoying it now.

