So this just happened... (Peed my pants for the first time in front of my partner)

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-12-08 01:05

My partner has never seen me pee myself before, despite him knowing of my kink for a pretty long time. Today we changed that...kinda. Allow me to start from earlier in the day, about 9:45 am. I dropped my partner off at his house because I needed to run to the orthodontist to have my bands retied (Yes, I'm 20 and still wear braces ^^;). I noticed as I was driving down the road my bladder slowly started feeling full. Oh that's right I forgot to pee this morning! My mind began to fill with thoughts of wetting my pants in front of Glasses, my partner. My toes curled. No, Panetto, don't think that just yet. He'll think you're indecent, I kept thinking.

Dammit, enough is enough I'm gonna do it. I'm going to pee myself in front of my partner.

Enough hiding.

I got to my appointment and called my mom saying that I left right from school to my appointment. I could feel my organs tightening up as I talked to her. I wasn't bursting but it was sort of uncomfortable at this point.

I signed in on the clip board and didn't wait long to be called back. Nothing eventful happened as I left the office. I got back to my car and my next stop was to Glasses's house. My body sent a shiver of pleasure throughout my body, I felt my face blushing thinking of him seeing me be in such a vulnerable position.

But what would I say? Before I knew it I was already at his house. My legs trembled, I knocked on his door and walked in it was about 10:30.

"Hey sweetie" He greeted

I kissed him, "Heyo"

He pulled me back in for a longer, more passionate kiss. I moaned under the intense kiss.

"It's been a long time since we've done this" I brushed my hand across his manhood, I felt his body react happily.

"Hold on let me use the bathroom before we begin...You can listen~" He said with a teasing, flirty tone. I found myself smiling like a goofball.

(Just a note: a few days prior and found a pair of jeans. And whenever I find pants I let my partner "use" them. You see, what omo is to me, assplay is to him and absolutely loves relieving himself on the butt on my pants. So, today I brought over a pair of jeans for him.)

I spied the pants I gave to him earlier, I ran into his kitchen to change into them. I quickly stripped my yoga pants off and squirmed into the jeans. Damn, they looked almost painted on. Glasses comes back in and sees me in the skin tight pants, he melts in sheer ecstasy and takes me in his arms and kisses me.

We make our way to his couch, continuing to kiss and touch. The entire time my bladder felt constricted against the material, I really had to wee at this point. Sexual merriment continued, although I won't go into immense detail with that.

Sadly I was still horny and with a full bladder.

"Glasses, may I have a drink" I was planning for my great escape.

I went into his kitchen again and down a glass of Juice, then another then another. At this point my sense of urgency was through the roof, but I wanted to wait a bit longer.

Glasses decided to be a goober and started being the typical good he is and made me laugh. He must have spied me hobbling and holding myself.

"Looks like someone needs to pee"

"NO!" I flatly yelled, "Maybe" I groaned.

He giggled, "if you need to go, go"

"But..."

"But what" He wrapped his arms around me.

"I...uhh..." I looked away "I wanna..."

"Aww...does someone wanna pee herself?" He nuzzled the top of my head

"DON'T SAY IT LIKE THAT" I hid my face

He paused, "I'll let you use my shower." By this point I was swamped with all sorts of emotions, confusion, denial, excitement, fear, eagerness, I was unsure what to feel. I wanted to do it, but at the same time, I didn't want to be a burden.

"I kinda wanna see it, it's grown on me, Panetto" Glasses warmly reassured.

"I'll do it, but I wanna wait a bit"

"Sure, that's fine" We ended up laying wooly world in the mean time, it was about 11am at this point.

Dammit, my bladder was swelled up, and Glasses continued to make me laugh trying to get me to pee myself. I knelt over holding my abdomen, I could feel the tidal waves of urine "whooshing" inside me. The pressure building up, "Glasses, I can't hold it."

His face lit up, "well, let's get you set up"

I held his hand, "Holy crap, we're actually doing this."

"My gosh you're shaking" he helped me into his bathtub.

"Okay, go" He smirked. But the sense of urgency left me, dammit.

We ended up waiting five or so minutes for the feeling of unrelenting pressure fizzling up again.

"EEK!" I squealed, I peed a little.

Glasses got a little spooked and left the room, "I won't bother you, I'll listen"

Another squirt trickled out, staining my painted on jeans. I supported myself against the tile on his wall, shaking feeling perpetually aroused.

My fists balled up, tightly knitted around my sweater, my legs trembling, "I CAN'T HOLD IT GLASSES" And the damn broke. A loud hiss roared from my sex and down my thighs, thick rivers of pee pooled around my feet.

Glasses interjected from behind the curtain "Aww...looks like Panetto is peeing herself!~"

"S...Say it again" I panted, completely wrecked

"Panetto is peeing her paaaants!~" He teased lovingly.

I threw my head back, a loud moan escaped my lips. I supported myself by leaning forward, my head pressed against the wall, still draining my bladder of all its contents. I sniffled feeling delightfully humiliated.

"Aww... Are you all done"

I nodded, but I knew he couldn't hear me. My ears rang, I didn't know if I pushed to hard or was just plainly too aroused.

Glasses pushed the curtain to his shower aside, marveling at my wet, trembling body. He smiled reveling in my wet being "aww...So cute..."

I looked down at my soaked legs, My jeans were now 100% sopping wet. I sighed happily, I did it, I peed in front of Glasses...kinda.

*007*2015-12-09 03:14

{{ 

That was a good story. Thanks for sharing! I take it he took a liking towards your fetish?

}}

Yes! It's not a full blown fetish he just thinks it's cute. :]

{{ 

Awesome story, thank you so much for sharing this! I hope you really start to open up to him even more and do this more often.

}}

I plan on it! :D

{{ 

This is amazing! I bet that was super arousing.

}}

Believe me, it really was ^u^ There was much more fun times afterward.

