Girlfriend #1 has a small accident

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-03-08 20:58

After the incident with my cousin at the farm I didn't witness any more wettings, just some typical desperation/teenage girls joking about laughing so hard they might pee themselves, etc. until high school a couple of years later. I was dating a petite, short redhead I'll call Red, my first real, long term girlfriend. Only the second girl I had ever kissed. First girl I touched, first girl who touched me, we lost our virginity to each other eventually and dated for almost two years total during high shcool.

We were in band together and often had long bus trips to and from away games.

One night we were driving back from a game about two hours away. It was dark and Red and I had been making out and I had been fingering her for quite some time. After we were done doing that (well, she was... I didn't get a turn on the bus...) we sat and talked with some friends around us (those who weren't also making out or asleep).

As the trip wore on and we were still an hour from school I noticed Red was a little antcy and fidgety. I didn't say anything and neither did she. This continued while we sat and talked. Soon, though it was dark, I could see that she was holding her crotch and crossing her legs. It was soon obvious to me that she was getting desperate to pee. Great. As if I wasn't alredy turned on enough from fingering her to a few orgasms not long ago without her being able to return the favor, now I was going to have to watch her desperate and turn me on even more. Not that I was complaining!

She continued to grab her crotch and squeeze her legs together and I continued to try and hide my erection from those sitting around us (I was on the outside seat). This continued the rest of the way to the school. She never said a word, though, embarrassed to say anything.

We finally got back to the school and as soon as the bus stopped she - and quite a few others, mostly girls - jumped off the bus and ran towards the bathrooms. I helped unpack the bus.

Finally, about ten minutes later, most of the other students were gone - picked up by parents or had driven away themselves. I hadn't seen Red since she got off the bus. I went to search for her and found her waiting around the back side of the building in the shadows. I went up to her close, pressed her back against the wall, kissed her, and started sliding my hand down her stomach towards her crotch. She grabbed my wrist just as I began to slip my fingers down the top of the front the waistband of her panties. I asked, "What's wrong? You didn't stop me on the bus."

She said, "I know, but somebody might see and my mom will be here to get me soon."

I said, "I don't care, we can be quick. I didn't get a turn yet." I tried to push my hand lower into her panties, reaching far enough to feel her pubic hair.

She pulled away this time and said, "No. Not now. I'm sorry."

I was a little upset and said, "What's the problem!? Did you start your period or something?"

"No." she said, "It's not that."

"Then what is it?"

"I don't want to say."

"C'mon. You can tell me anything, I don't care. What's the problem?" I pressed.

She sighed, looked both ways to make sure nobody was nearby, and in an exasperated whisper leaned closer to me, not looking me in the eyes, and said quickly and quietly, "I peed my pants a little, ok!?"

I was taken aback slightly, surprised, but also turned on, of course. But I couldn't just come out and say so - she didn't know about my fetish. I tried to comfort her instead. I took her and hugged her and said, "As, it's ok. That's no big deal. It doesn't bother me. Accidents happen, right?"

She didn't cry, but she was upset and embarrassed. She said, "I thought I could hold it until we got back. And I did. But then we all wanted to go to the bathroom at the same time when we got back and there were lines and by the time I got a stall I was already leaking a little and before I could get my pants down I peed myself some."

I'm sure she could feel my erection pressing into her hip - I certainly could. I said, "It's ok. Your shorts are black. I'm sure it doesn't show, does it?"

"No, I don't think so." ("Darn it," I thought.)

"So nobody knows but us, right?"

"I told Rose (her best friend)," she said. "But yeah, besides her just us."

I hugged her closer, pressing my erection against her tighter. "Then it's ok then."

We hugged for a few moments then she reached down and grabbed me over my shorts and kissed me and said, "I'm sorry I didn't get a change to take care of you. Are you still this excited from the bus?"

I was too scared to say, "No, I'm this hard because you wet your pants and that turns me on" so I just admitted that yes, it was the bus.

Sadly, it was that moment when her mom's car pulled around the corner of the parking lot and she had to leave before I had a chance to say or do anything else...

