First time seeing someone desperate...

Author: Haruko

*000*2012-01-20 06:00

In high school, junior year to be exact, I remember catching my first experience of seeing someone in person who was quite desperate to pee. It was a computer class and we had just started that day's class in the lab to finishing off the last bit of notes before we actually got into working with computers for the rest of that class and semester. The computers were arranged in rows with a computer on each side of the table.

There was a boy a few seats down from me on the other side of the table (we'll call him Tom) and during the notes he asked the teacher if he could go to the bathroom. The teacher said he'd have to wait until we were done with the notes. He argued and came up with a bunch of excuses to go now instead of then even though the notes couldn't have taken more than 5 minutes. It was quite obvious by the tone of his voice that he didn't have to go bad enough that he couldn't just wait until then. He was simply trying to be the smart assed guy in class who was trying to show his peers that not even the teachers could control him.

The teacher ended up finishing the argument and we finished the notes. She then granted permission for Tom to leave for the bathroom. To the surprise of the entire class, Tom refused. He was taking the attitude, "U didn't let me go then so I won't go now!" likely in an attempt to show his peers that he's the one with the power and control or something. I don't know why he'd do such a thing seeing as he'd be screwing himself over, but he did.

Now you're probably thinking he was just bluffing or trying to get out of class to have a smoke or something, but over the course of 15 to 20 minutes... I managed to catch glimpse of the boy fidgeting in his seat while working on the assignment for today's class. I guessed he really had to go by now. The stupid part is he brought it on himself. If he had been smart he would have just gone as soon as the teacher let him. Knowing he was holding it actually made me a bit uncomfortable because I wasn't used to seeing this kind of thing at school. I tried not to look too much or continuously stare at him so people didn't get the wrong idea. That would have been the last thing I needed, people spreading rumors that I was crushing on the guy who almost peed his pants due to stupidity.

Anyway, back to the story. Eventually, Tom couldn't hold it any longer, which is when he made an epic dash to the men's room, which lucky for him was only like 10 feet from the computer lab. He didn't even say anything or check with the teacher again... there was no time for that lol. As he dashed out the door, I could have sword he'd been holding himself. It was hard to tell seeing as the stupid printer was in the way (GAHHHHH Technology).

So yah that's it... unfortunately I didn't get to see him have an accident.... which now that I think of it isn't that unfortunate since we were in a room full of wires and computer technology. Puddles of urine don't mix well with computers XD

