My desperate boyfriend

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2012-08-13 14:46

At the moment I should be doing more important things, but my memories keep me busy and I decided that I should share the pleasure. Over the years I had some experiences with one of my boyfriends and even though it’s a while ago, I can remember them in detail. So, here we go with the most interesting story.

My boyfriend and I were out in town for a long day of hanging around. First thing when we arrived was go to a pub, where he drunk a huge glass of beer. It must have been about 0.5 litres or something – well anyway, enough to fill a bladder. And no clue what he drunk before we met up, so… Before we left the pub he dashed off to the loo, so I was kind of disappointed already because I had hoped for a desperation scene. We then went to a part of town where people went for walks, some kind of forest in the city. Of course there were no bathrooms available there. I experienced quite some interesting situations there, but I will tell these later.

Anyway, I noticed my boyfriend suddenly becoming really quite, but I thought nothing of it. Probably just enjoying the weather, right? We were halfway when suddenly he dashed away, mumbling something about hidden gear… I was like ‘what are you talking about?’ but he was gone before I could quite register it. I followed him, but soon he was out of sight. Only two minutes later he appeared again and told some weird story to cover up the fact that he had just taken a nice pee underneath a bridge. His face was slightly flushed and because I didn’t want to embarrass him, I didn’t mention it anymore. Only an hour later we went off to McDonalds and he mentioned he had to pee. I was slightly surprised and started to doubt if he actually peed when dashing off later that day, so I asked him. He then told me he had a bladder infection but didn’t want to spoil the day.

Well, no problem, I felt a bit sorry for him but at the same time I was really turned on. Because he had to wee again, we quickened our pace and went inside. He immediately rushed to the loo, only to see it wasn’t available at the moment. I could see him starting to panic. Right at that moment I came across an old friend. I started chatting to him and my boyfriend mentioned again he had to pee. By now he had his legs slightly bent and he was extremely fidgety. My friend then mentioned (already noticing the problem) he could go use the loo in a restaurant on the other side of the road. No need to tell him twice, because he rushed away immediately. About 10 minutes later he reappeared again, extremely relieved. He didn’t use the bathroom again that day, so I still have my doubts that he really had a bladder infection. He probably just drank a lot before we met up and had to go a dozen of times… You know boys, once breaking the seal… ;-)

He had lots of other desperation scenes, but this was the most interesting. Other times he also faked it a bit, because he knew I liked to see him desperate. He also texted me when he had to go pee during a bus trip or something, causing me to get turned on. But of course, he also could’ve told me these things because I simply liked to hear it. I couldn’t check the truth of it anyway.

