Hiking Accident

Author: olliewet

*000*2015-06-16 00:37

So this is my first story I've ever published here so I'm sorry if it's bad but it's just an experience I wanted to share! Anyways it was a Saturday morning and my fiancé and me decided we were going to go walk a trail to get out of the house. I had already downed two cups of water which is a lot more then I do normally. I went to the bathroom before we left just to make sure I wouldn't have to go while we were hiking because there isn't a bathroom out there. The drive out there is about twenty minutes from our house and I had already drank half of my water bottle. We finally made it out there and it was a beautiful day and everyone seemed to have the same idea we had. Our walk started smoothly we talked and joked around with each other, I noticed I had to pee a little bit but it wasn't anything terrible and I figured we would be done before it got worse, I was so wrong.

About thirty minutes later we were only a quarter of the way done with the trail and my need to pee was getting worse. Every time I drink water it goes through me so fast and this was no exception. I told my fiancé that I needed to pee and he told me he was sure I could hold it and we were almost done (he was lying to make me feel better). I was getting so desperate I was trying to grab my crotch to stop anything from coming out but there were so many people around and I didn't want to get any weird looks. 

My fiancé could tell my desperation was getting worse and he seemed to be enjoying it a lot, he is into me wetting myself. I was trying to do everything I could to stop the pee from trickling out. I was clenching my thighs together but since I kept stopping to do this we weren't getting any closer to finishing the trail. I tried to walk a little more, my face was getting warm and I was getting dizzy. I wouldn't make it much longer. I stopped again and grabbed my crotch moaning with pain. My fiancé came over and thought it would be funny to tickle me a little bit.

A sudden spurt of pee came out and soaked my panties and leggings. I was able to stop the flow by putting my finger on my pee hole. I was so upset he did that but also a little turned on that he was trying to cause an accident. He looked at me and saw I had tears in my eyes. He grabbed my hand and told me that we were going to move over by the trees because he knew I was about to wet myself and he wanted to get me a little bit away from the people walking by. As I struggled to walk and hold the pee that was escaping every few steps he told me that it would be okay and I would get relief soon. When we got to the spot I looked at him and started crying saying I couldn't have an accident in public with people watching. I was so embarrassed. To make it better he held me in his arms and blocked me from people walking by. He kissed my forehead and told me that it was okay, he's got me and to just wet myself and that I shouldn't worry about what he thought because it was turning him on.

I was about to burst but I don't know if it was from the nerves of having an accident in public as an adult or what but I couldn't release my bladder. He must have understood because he took his hand and pushed on my bladder. Immediately the flood gates opened and pee started flowing into my panties and leggings. I gasped at the sudden sensation and then I started to moan through my cries. I was getting so wet with the warm piss soaking my legs. I was still crying with embarrassment but my fiancé was holding me close and kissing my head and whispering in my ear that it was so hot that I was wetting my pants. I could feel him getting hard because of how close he was holding me.

I knew my pee must be getting him wet also but he didn't seem to mind. It was making me wet in other ways and I was getting turned on by the whole situation. I peed for what seemed like eternity before my bladder was empty. He gave me another long kiss and took his jacket off and told me I could tie it around my waist as we finished our walk. As we walked away from the secluded spot on to the trail I noticed I got his pants really wet and it looked like he had wet himself. People stared at us the rest of our walk but I honestly didn't care because I couldn't wait to get home and have fun with him.

*003*2015-06-18 07:44

Thank you for doing that!

