The boy who cried "bathroom"

Author: GoingGreen

*000*2015-05-05 07:31

I posted a little about it already in some other thread but now I want to share the whole story as I remember it. As a bit of info about my preferences, I'm normally only into females wetting (and mostly when they were able to hide it from others or were doing it on purpose - I feel a little bad for them otherwise), but when it comes to a mean person getting what he/she deserves, the more obvious the better and hilarious either way.

It began when I was in middle school, around 2001 or so. There was this mean boy in English class who seemed to ask to go to the bathroom just about every day and he always took a long time. It's clear that his main intent isn't the bathroom but rather as an excuse to get away from class. Not surprisingly, after a week or two of this, the teacher started to deny his requests.

The classroom was in a trailer several hundred feet from the main building. It also happened to be the last class of the day. That became significant when one day, he really did need to go to the bathroom. The teacher denied his request as usual. After noticing that he was getting a little desperate, several other students (that previously got picked on) went to grab some poster boards and started scraping them with fingernails, pens, etc. to create a deafening roar not unlike a waterfall. The mean boy started looking even more desperate and after a few minutes, the teacher finally decided to let him go. He didn't return for the day and everyone was in suspense wondering if he was just getting more clever at avoiding class.

At last, the bell rang and school was over for the day. As everyone exited the classroom, there was a very obvious wet trail leading towards the main building, causing everyone to laugh hard. There was a sudden role reversal where the ones who got picked on were now picking on him. The best part was that afterwards, he never picked on anyone else again. (When he tried to, everyone backfired at him!) Who would have guessed that omorashi could cure bullying?

Now what I think would have made it even funnier is if the teacher just gave him a mop and told him that if he makes a mess, he would have to clean it up. Or if some other student wets him/herself laughing so hard. (That actually almost happened to me once in middle school, but not that day.)

*002*2015-05-06 04:28

Unfortunately, I don't have any other stories with that much detail to share - just a few quick ones that can be described in a few sentences. I'll share them anyways as they are funny.

In high school, a friend of mine got the hiccups. I decided to help by sneaking up and scaring her. That cured the hiccups and also left a small wet spot on her crotch. But she still thanked me!

Also in high school, another friend of mine wet herself while watching a movie in class. (Not exactly a scary movie, but it did have a few scary moments!) She was wearing a dress and somehow managed to hide it so well that if it wasn't for the puddle on the floor, you could never tell what happened.

Then there was this story from a friend of mine who once did HVAC service. (She's now a HVAC engineer at Daikin.) One time at a customer site, instead of asking to use the bathroom, she asked for a garden hose to clean the condenser on the A/C unit she was fixing. She purposely let the water spray all over the place, including all over herself, and she just let it go. I obviously didn't actually see it happen but if it was as masked as she claimed, there wouldn't be much out of the ordinary to see anyways.

