Earlier Today

Author: colbysaur

*000*2014-02-20 23:37

So this happened a few hours ago and I decided to post it on here.

My mom was yelling at me to clean my room for the past thirty minutes and I finally decided to get up and do it. I had to pee a considerate amount, but not enough to be running to the bathroom.

"Don't come out until you are done!" she yelled. I started picking things up off of the ground and putting them in their proper places.

As time past, my desperation grew quickly. I could fell my bladder starting to stretch, and I knew I'd be at my limit soon if I didn't go to the bathroom. I calmly walked out of my room and headed to the bathroom, before being stopped by my mom.

"Where do you think you're going?!"

"To the bathroom," I replied.

"You're not going until you finish cleaning your room!"

"But mom, I have to-"

"I suggest you hurry up then!"

I hung my head as I trudged to my room. Resuming my cleaning, my need grew drastically. I started squirming, feeling a bladder spasm as I leaned over to pick something up. I shoved a hand between my crotch as I resumed working.

By this point, I was frantic! I was pee-dancing just to take the edge off of my urgency. I was deeply regretting drinking two cans of soda earlier. My crotch was on fire as I squeezed my muscles in a desperate attempt to keep from peeing all over the floor.

I crossed my legs, pressing my thighs together as I let out a small spurt to relieve some of the pressure. It didn't help much, as I quickly resumed potty-dancing.

I was so desperate! I never had to pee this badly in my life!

I felt my bladder twinge, a dribble of pee soaking into my underwear. I was blushing madly as I continued holding it.

I put away the last of my things and left my room, doing the best I could to not look desperate.

"I'm done," I called out.

I then made a dash for the bathroom. The door was locked!

"Hurry up!" I yelled, "I have to go!"

"I'll be done in a second!"

Relief being this close to me made my condition worse as I shoved both hands between my legs. When I heard the toilet flush, that was ot for me. The floodgates opened, pee spilling from between my legs, soaking into my pants and forming a puddle between my legs.

Both my sister and my mom saw what happened. My sister snickered and my mom gave me a sympathetic look. I was blushing bright red, grabbing a towel from the bathroom to begin cleaning up.

*004*2014-02-21 22:47

Thanks for the feedback! I may post some of my other experiences as well.

