My wet weekend!

Author: MysteryGirl373

*000*2015-04-19 22:55

So, this weekend I had some fun!

Recently I've had some omo related 'cravings' which have been much easier to pull off than a full blown hold and wet in jeans.

Friday:

For a few days I've had an urge to go for a wee in my garden outside, just for the hell of it. I got home on Friday from work and went up to say hi to my sister, only to discover she was out. Now I didn't really need to go, but I was determined to, so I went outside, dropped my jeans, squated, and forced myself to pee. Because I didn't really need to go I didn't get a sense of relief that I would have liked, and the experience was far too short. I then decided I needed to try this again while desperate!

Saturday:

On Saturday night I ended up going with my boyfriend to a friends house. I drove down, but later decided I'd rather drive home, walk back, and have a few drinks with them, so I did just that. While my boyfriend and I were on the way home, I realised I didn't go to the toilet before I left (it was only a ten minute walk, but i was completely hammered) after only a couple of minutes I realised not going before I left was a very bad idea and that I was actually really desperate. I told my boyfriend as much and he told me try and wait till we got back to mine. I knew it wasn't gonna happen. We then approached the Chinese takeaway just three minutes from my house and I was bursting. I wasn't gonna make it home. So we went round behind the takeaway so I could pee. I must have been going for nearly a minute because I seriously wasn't going to last the three minutes home. It actually turns me on now to think that he stood there and watched me go!

While this was happening, my boyfriend told me 'I've got spare boxers with me. I'm going to wet myself for you when we get home'.....:D

We got back to my house, (and this is where my memory gets hazzy, as I said before I was hammered!) he admitted he didn't really need to go, but that he was going to try for me. So, he stood there, in his bright pink sexy tight boxers, stood on my black towel, and forced himself to go. Soon enough a tiny trickle of pee was running down his boxers and leg. I wish I could remember more details. Soon after this happened 'activities' must have started. The next thing I knew was waking up the next morning topless and absolutely bursting for a wee. I assume I passed out halfway through 'activites'. He later told me that was the most turned on he's ever seen me which only means he's likely to do it again sooner!

I know this was short and lacking detail, I'm sorry! I have many more activities planned!

