Confidentials #2

Author: Blackheart

*000*2011-07-15 09:53

My next experience wasn't until later in high school. By this time, I'd changed, a lot, from my middle school years. A lot of hate, a lot of angst, and a lot of isolation made me depressed, overweight, just...Generally uncaring and uninvolved with the real world. I mean, I'd make attempts every now and then, but every time I did, it ended badly for me. All those things changed over time, but this was me, then. The only two things that actually showed the part of me that wasn't a burnt out ember of life was my writing and my music. 

I took, and take, pride in the things I write, what I can evoke on a page. Though I've gotten much better at speaking my ideas, writing still holds a certain magic to it. The way that you write can enrapture an audience, give a voice unique and powerful. With music, I felt the same way, though it was more visceral. I played the cello, an absolutely fantastic instrument. And I was fairly good, though I could never afford lessons. As a result, I was a part of an orchestra, where we'd play for groups and special events. It was...Interesting, doing so.

Service industry, yet not. I was part of the background, and people tended not to see me unless I actively engaged them. That was fine by me, as I wasn't really the social type at this point. And when you're invisible, you see a part of people that you normally don't.

Case in point: Prom. Though I was a sophomore at the time, being a part of the orchestra meant I could see what this was all about. Ironically, it would be my only experience with the prom, as I never had a date in high school, let alone one to a prom. For that year, we played for a couple of hours, with breaks of bad top 10 music. It was, quintessentially, what all high school proms are (At least those outside the top tax bracket neighborhoods). Classy, yet crass at the same time. And like all proms, especially at a primarily suburban/rural school full of repressed teenagers, there was drinking. And grinding. Oddly enough the grinding was called dancing.

The drinking was the primary interest for me though. Not in partaking, as we never had the opportunity, nor had I the interest, but for its effects. The chaperons watched for it, of course, which meant those boozing it up had to do so on the sly. But that meant they had to do their best to hide their inebriation too. For one girl, that would be her downfall. Her name (Not the real one, of course), was Rebekah. Tall, red hair, slight curves. The definition of the Irish Rose. And in an elegant black dress to boot. Even without being desperate to pee, she could've easily stolen my eye.

But she most definitely took a little too much "punch", and it had gone through her. She was drunk, but hiding it well, from what I could see. But acting sober to her...I dunno why, but she never really left for the restroom. Maybe she thought that going to pee too much would make the adults suspicious. Or maybe they were dirty, or full. The reason doesn't matter. What matters was that her table, where she and her friends sat, was right near our stage. I would play my music, watching the crowd, spacing to my song. But during the breaks, I would people watch, her in particular.

As she laughed with her friends, her legs bouncing up and down.

As she got quieter, and looked longingly over toward the bathrooms, though she strangely never went there.

I even glimpsed her a few times dancing, becoming increasingly stiff and rigid.

The climax of the night was near the end. I wondered how she made it that far. When she would dash to the restroom. But she never did. She sat there, as her drunk-ass dumb-as-rocks boyfriend told the same story for the third time that night. She had given up trying to not hold herself, even though she was covered by the table from her friends. To me, in the light of the stage, I easily saw the way she pulled her dress up to grab at her crotch, even if I couldn't see her panties. She was rocking slightly, lost in her world.

And then, It happened.

She went perfectly still. The kind of still that you do when you are trying to hide from everyone. This lasted for a few seconds before I noticed a shining trickle falling from the chair. Within moments it turned to a flood, though its sound was hidden by the awful bass of the terrible hip hop in the background. She sat there, wetting herself thoroughly, utterly. Completely unnoticed. At last the flood stopped, and there was a heartbeat of this void of action, both on her part and mine. What do you do?

And then the world came crashing around me again. The sounds of the bad music, the laughing, people talking. And she herself seemed to shake out of its spell. We had another set to do, and she disappeared for the rest of the night after a few minutes. From what I could tell, the aftermath of her accident was invisible, even to me. I only know what happened because the act of it burned itself into my memory.

I hope it finds a good place in yours, too, :)

