My best friend did it in pants

Author: Lukhas

*000*2014-09-10 15:46

There are two reasons why I am liking to pee myself or to be witness that anybody else pee in pants. First I was witness that my best friend wet himself- after this I liked to see others in pee troubles and when I peed myself I found out that I liked warm in my pants too.

My best friend Martin is at the same age as I. We was together in one pre-school and we started elementary school same day. We was lucky because we got place in the same classroom- there was a big school with more first classes, so some ended in 1.A som in 1.B ......

It was natural that we choosed to sit behind the one desk- At that time there was a desk with to chairs, so friends could sit together.

Martin was "pee shy" as I. I mean with it that we did not like to go to the bathroom at school- it was more public, not so much privacy, some older boys bullied younger. So we tried to hold it at home. In year one there was not so much lessons every day and we could go from school after all lessons. We did not use the bus or school bus because we lived about 15 min. from school. Our journey from school was the shortest as possible and in silence. Both of us needed to go, so we only used direct way at home.

One day was little bit different. On our way home came Martins brother with his friends and they joined us. His brother was one year older than we. Martin pretended as everything is OK, we did not use direct way and it was more jokes and laughing.

We went down to the street when we lived when Martin suddenly stoped. We turned back to him and asked what happened and he only said: I think I need to pee and after 2 seconds he told: now it is too late.

And we could see that his pee run from his crotch down to his trousers despite to his both hands which was pressed to his crotch. Pee run down to his legs, to his shoes and on the end some drops created little puddle under him.

I was shocked and at the same time I realized that I liked it. I showed to Martin one place behind the trees which could be good to pee. At that time it was too late- of course. But Martin was shocked too, so he went to this place and peed some last drops there. But rest of him peeing was in his clothes.

His brother said: "mummy kill you for this" and we continued in our way at home. Martin went first and quickly because ha wanted to be at home and change clothes. I went behind him and could see his wet pants and trousers and some last drops which was fallen to sidewalk.

.

*003*2014-09-18 10:25

At that time I did know nothing about sex or exciting but I remembered good that I got unusual feeling....

