Liquor store desperation

Author: jiffyomo

*000*2014-11-13 14:13

I was in Lukas liquors last night to get a bottle of wine. I had my diaper on under my pants and had been holding for about five hours... I couldnt hold it any more as my bladder was screaming for relief. I saw a sign that said "restrooms" so I figured it was safe. I'd soak my diaper then go to that restroom to ditch it in the trash can. finally it came. My ability to hold was no longer an ability that I could maintain. I begin to dump to the diaper. It felt so good to feel the warmth up against my body as I wet... I could feel it gathering at the bottom as it always does... Then I felt a leak. I had boxer breifs on over the diaper in the hopes that it would hold the diaper firm... The leak made its way down my legs and I stopped myself as fast as I could...

I looked down and my green pants were showing obvious wet spots... I started toward the restroom when to my horror I saw the rest of the sign... "No public restrooms" I raced out of the store toward my car.... Gush after gush escaped from my soaking wet diaper as I ran to my car... I sat my soaked butt down and drove behind the stores parking my car by a dumpster. Using it for cover I dropped my pants and ripped the diaper off, throwing it in... It was so cold!!! I pulled my pants back up securing them wet against my soaking wet skin... The spots were enormous! I drove home and changed after wetting my pants the rest of the way during the walk to my apartment. It was embarrassing, but so arousing.

