Desperate By the Lake (Reposted in the Proper Forum, I think...)

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2014-09-09 17:31

Sorry about putting this in the wrong forum; I screwed up!

Wayyyyyy back in high school, our favorite hangout spot was down by Lake Michigan, in a county park. We went there as often as we could, even after hours to smoke weed, tell jokes, collect interesting rocks, whatever. The park, however, did not have a restroom. Usually not a problem, but if the police happened by, as they did one cold late-autumn night, problems could arise, as they did for me and one of my friends.

A group of us were down on the beach near park closing hours one night. I'd noticed that one of them, Crotchhugger (we called him that because he wore skintight jeans in an era when everyone wore the baggiest jeans they could find), was starting to cross his legs like a girl every time he took a hit off the bowl. Good old Crotchhugger never wanted to speak up and say he needed to pee; instead he'd hold it until someone else brought up the fact that they needed to go, and casually go with them. He seemed kind of uptight about peeing outside, too, or having other people in the bathroom with him. Since I wasn't into him, I never really asked him about it. I actually have another really good tale about Crotchhugger being desperate as hell, but I'll stick with this one, since it involves my own desperation, too...

Unlike Crotchhugger, I typically spoke up right away when I had to pee, and that night was no different. I excused myself and headed towards the woods. Crotchhugger, of course, came hurrying to catch up to me. I stopped at the edge of the woods and began undoing my pants. He freaked out a little. "Not here!" I tried to tell him he didn't have to pee right there, but he almost dragged me up the path. He was walking fast, his legs really tight. Finally, I told him that I was going to pee, he could do whatever he wanted, but I was peeing. I undid my pants a second time, and was just about to lower them when I saw the beam of a flashlight on one of the other trails up ahead. Since the trees had all lost their leaves, there was no cover. "Cops!" Crotchhugger whispered, and we hurried on up our trail, relief denied. We didn't have any choice but to head to the car and wait for our friends.

In the light of the parking lot, I could see Crotchhugger's desperation. It didn't help my own at all. He was flushed, sweating, and pacing back and forth. I started my car; I could hold on better in the warmth. I sat down in the driver's seat and held myself, literally, hoping my friends would return soon, so we could get out of here and somewhere I could pee. Suddenly, I saw Crotchhugger dash towards the woods. He made it just to the edge before he started peeing. Then, my friends were coming from the other direction, in a hurry. And, I was really at my limits.

Everyone got in the car and told me to hurry up and drive. I said that I couldn't; I had to pee too bad. They told me I had to hold it, because the cops were around. I was bouncing in my seat and almost in tears from the predicament, and my friends were urging me to drive to a gas station, but of course I wasn't going to make it there. I just told them there was no way, and got out of the car. Using my open door, and the side of my car to screen my naked butt, I did a massive power piss beside my front tire, all over my JNCOs, which I'd forgotten to lift in my panic...if I had a dollar for every time I pissed on the baggy legs of my JNCOs, I'd be rich, for real.

I was too scared to pee for long, just had to take some of the pressure off so I could drive. I managed to get to a quiet street, where I sat down on a curb and took a nice, relieving pee in the gutter.

