Katies accident in Athens - With Pics

Author: Sol

*000*2013-06-28 21:37

I recently went to Athens for Vacation with my lovely girlfriend Katie. You can read about some of our previos adventures here

$/10955-my-girlfriends-public-accident/#entry454629

And here

$/10917-introducing-my-girlfriend-to-wetting/#entry452188

Anyways, Katie is 23 years old, dark blonde hair, medium height and super cute. We recently spent a couple of days in Athens, which gave Katie a new chance to have another public accident. We started the day at the new Acropolis museum. The restaurant happened to serve the famous Ouzo - a greek liqour - but only if you bought a whole bottle! That we did, and after drinking a couple of glasses at the museum we bagged the bottle and headed for the acropolis. It was a very hot day, so Katie was wearing her super short skirt and a light see trough blouse wich showed of her cute pink bra. Underneath she wore white cotton panties.

Climbing the steps to the Acropolis, we kept drinking the Ouzo in small gulps, getting more and more tipsy. We also brought a couple of water bottles to battle the heat. I knew from previous experiences that Katie would need to pee pretty soon! Deliberate accidents in public had sort of become her specialty. She would drink more than she could possibly hold while putting herself in a situation with no toilet in sight, or deliberately avoiding to go when she had the chance. When we passed a toilet she would give me a wink - letting me know what was about to happen. And this is what she did today. There was a toilet next to the Parthenon temple, but I could sense that using it was out of the question..

After browsing around for a while, I could sense Katie´s restlessness, which usually meant she needed to pee. We looked for some shade and pricacy behind the Erectheion temple. While Katie likes to wet herself in public, she does not want other people to see it. Behind the temple we shared the last of the Ouzo, and we were both pretty tipsy. Katie sat on the ground with her knees up to give me a good look at her cute panties. They were still dry. I think her plan was to wet herself sitting down when nobody could see us, but people kept coming around the corner as she was about to let go in her underwear. She got more and more desperate and I think she was about to have a real accident pretty soon.

We then decided to leave the Acropolis and find somewhere more private.. I was walking behind her down the steps watching her desperation grow. I knew she could lose control suddenly when se was drunk - she had previously wet herself in the middle of a trafficked street while being tipsy - so I watched her closely. She stopped to visibly hold herself a couple of times on the way down, but none of the tourists seemed to care!

Just below the acropolis is Aeropagos rock, a popular spot to watch the sunset. It was crowded with Japanese tourists as we made our way to the back. We found a place to sit down, facing away from the crowds watching the sunset. Katie was close to having a real accident. I teasingly put my hand up her skirt to feel if her panties were still dry. They were, but not for long! I kept my hands up her skirt as we embraced in a kiss. And then Katie could not hold it any longer.

I felt my hand getting wet while Katie moaned with relief as she peed her pants. A small river soon ran from the rock we were sitting on. She was so desperate she did not have time to pull up her skirt. The black mini-skirt had a pretty visible wet spot on the back, obvious to anyone who cared to look. Our hotel was a 15 minute walk away, so that meant Katie had to walk trough the most crowded part of Athens with a big wet spot! She was to tipsy to care, and I happily walked behind her watching her cute bum the whole way back to our hotel..

