My nearest experiance

Author: obvious pseudonym

*000*2012-08-17 11:34

I am a new member here but a reader for a few weeks. Although I work in the health service my interest in Omo happens to be strictly with females and at that not those in the age group of the patients I deal with. Hence why despite work based encounters with wetting, my personal life is where I have my omo interest. I have never witnessed in my "real life" a real female wetting. The closest I ever got, and indeed why I became interested in it goes back to when I was 18 before I went away to University.

I was working as a retail manager at the time. I had just finished my A levels and was working to save up some money to get through uni. I was single at the time, but there was another girl who was in the same job as me but in a nearby office. She really was fantastically good looking- tall, slim and with shoulder length Auburn hair and a really great figure. I shall call her "Fay" it's not her real name but it will do for now. Anyway, Fay and I were flirting quite a bit at work, and it seemed that I was destined to be stuck in the friend zone. Regardless, it happened that one evening I had been able to arrange for us both to meet for a drink in a local pub. We had quite a good night of it, and at the end I offered to walk her home before getting my bus home-I didnt drive in those days.

It was about a 20 minute walk back through a residential area to get to her place. I was the winter and it was dark and was getting a bit cold. For the first while she was OK, though I remember she didnt go to the toilet before leaving the pub.

Then she started slowing down and glancing around her.

"Are you Ok Fay?" I asked her.

"I'm OK it's just..." she broke off then said "I really really need to go to the toilet for a wee!"

"But you only live about 10 minutes away, can't you hold it till then?" I asked

"I have been having trouble holding on for a long time as I had a water infection a few weeks back" Fay replied. That was indeed true as she had been off work for a few days and I had covered her office on overtime.

As it was dark, I suggested as there were a few walkways that if she really couldnt hold on that she go down in one of the walkways, and I would keep watch out for people comming. That is indeed true but there would be no way I could have kept an eye on both ends without seeing her "goods on display" as it were which I was secretly hoping would happen by now. We had stopped and she was squirming slightly on the spot.

"Ok...j-just keep a watch out" she said

"I will. I will hold my jacket infront of you just incase somebody does come along before...well you know"

She unzipped her coat and I could see she had her leggs crossed and was squirming on the spot. She was starting to unbuckle the belt of her black work trousers just as a group of lads came walking down the other end of the laneway.

"Theres people comming Fay!" I said to her. She swore under her breath and stopped and then started walking slowly off.

"I really can't hold on much longer!" she wailed

"Try, theres another alleyway and if not, there is the yard behind my office building it's sheltered behind there" I said encouraginly

"Best make for there" she said. We started slowly walking toward my place of work. Then she stopped dead and said the words I still have never forgotton to this day

"Oh no I'm weeing myself!"

"Can you stop it?" I asked

"No!" she replied. She then ran across the road we were near and ran behind the back of my office. I was right behind her but stopped just at the wall. I saw her stop behing one of the waste bins and squat. There was the sound of her pee stream hitting the ground which stopped briefly and then re-started which was either her spurting or she had totally opened the floodgates as she squatted and the gap was her getting her knickers and trousers down. Altogether she peed for about half a minute. Then she stood up giving me a wonderfull view of her pert bum and then pulled her trouseres up. I couldnt belive what I had just seen. I the course of normal like Fay would never have let me see her pull her knickers down but when she was peeing I got a lovelly view.

There didn't seem to be any dampness on her trousers, so any damage was not really visable nor was it a full blown wetting. In the end nothing happened between Fay and me, in the end she left the company and last i heared she was with another guy, I went off to University after that. We never spoke of the incident, nor did I ever mention it to anyone that I work with.

*002*2012-08-17 15:21

{{ 

Great Story, i love been in situations like this, whether its me that's desperate or someone else :D

}}

Thanks Gemmy, glad you like it. :-) It's my first attempt at writing anything like this so any helpfull pointers greatfully recieved. I myself have never had an accident since being about 3 I guess, though the worst desperation I have ever known was a few years ago at work. But thats a story for another time, if anyone wants to hear that one.

*006*2012-08-17 19:40

Thanks for all the feedback. @ gemmy- I will write up my own experiance for this forum, just deperation though no wetting (lucky for me).

@ beatrix- awww thanks for your kind reply, glad you liked my little post. Its not as exciting as what a lot of folks on here have known. Perhaps one day I may find a girlfriend who is into omorashi but having been split up with my fiancee now for over a year can't see that been anytime soon. What happened that night with me and Fay is the nearest thing bar a few times of hearing women say they need the loo that's comes even close.

