Peed White Sweat Pants in front of mom

Author: Rapper1

*000*2013-10-31 03:16

Hey im back, I havent wrote a story in a long time on here. So this incident happened yesterday in the morning.

I have just woken up wearing white sweat pants, blue panties, and black tank top. I had the morning pee feeling and needed to go but not terribly. My mom was in the bathroom showering so I thought "Maybe by the time im done eating, shell be done" So i made a cup of coffee and ate lucky charms. When I was done, she was now doing her make up and hair with the door closed. And also, we only have one bathroom. She said I couldnt come in yet cause wanted her private time and I understood it. 15 minutes pst and it's way worse now, My bladder felt like it was punching my kidneys to get out. I put both my hands on my pussy and crossed legs. Dancing around and squirming. I tried to sit but, that really didnt help at all. 5 more minutes pass and I ask if shes done yet, nd she says she straightening her hair.

I said, "Ok I just really gotta pee" And she replied ill go as fast as I can. 5 more minutes pass, I go to the door about to ask, but she opened the door and said ok go ahead honey. But, It was too late. Right there as she sid that, a leak of yellow went on my pants, then, I just lost it. I whole wet hissing hot stream of pee went down my pants nd went on my ass. I blushed of humiliation and started to cry a bit so she would go easy on me. 

She saw the whole wetting and felt very bad. She said, "its ok honey, it was my fault everyone has accidents. Just take off those wet clothes and let me wash them for you. Im sorry baby I love you" She gave me a kiss on the forehead. I then take off my wet pants and panties and handed them to her completely naked in the living room standing over a puddle on the wood floor. My mom then said "Oh shit, you really had to go" and we both giggled after she said that. I then took a shower and felt pleasured at the same time humiliated but my mommy loves me and thats all that matters.

