My school unnoticed wetting

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-08-26 18:05

This happend to me few years ago and it was one of my best experiences, so I decided to share it there.

I was about 15 years old and I was shopping with my mother. It was around end of summer (maybe between September-October) and in shop was sales on summer clothes. I bought nice long skirt and I wanted to take to to school next day. But at the morning, it was really cold (at least my mother thought, even if wasn't), so my mother told me to take leggins under it. I was arguing about it, but she won.

I went to school, met my friend and they liked the skirt. We were chatting and then the school begin. First lessons were boring, but finally, there was the lunch break. I went with my friend to school dining room. It was something good, because there was a long line. When we finally get the food and finished it, we had only few minutes to move into another class and get ready for the lesson. I needed to pee, but I haven't got time, so I decided to hold it until next lesson.

We had two lessons of Math, with 15 minutes break between, but the teacher told us that he need to leave earlier, so we will skip the break and finish 15 minutes earlier. Whole class agreed, but for me, it was terrible. It was new teacher and he was teaching us only this year, which is about one month and I didn't knowed him as good, so I haven't asked for the toilet. When we were in about half, I was quite desperated, so I asked to go. He asked me if I can wait. I said I can't. 

He suggested me that he will let me go, if I will go to board and calculate some equations he just wrote on the board. I went when I was finishing the last, it was heavy and I was thinking about it, after some time I didn't writed anything, he loudly asked "So you don't know?" It scared me, as it was unexpected and loud and I forgot to hold. The pee started leeaking into my pants. "Ih god, I'm peeing myself", I thought. When I stopped it, I felt my leggins were wet till my knees. I was acting like nothing happend and I continued writing on board. I was expecting the whole class will start laughing, but nothing happed. When I finished, the teacher let me go.

I ran out of the class and looked at my leggins. Then I realised I was wearing long skirt. I went to toilets and pulled the skirt down. I sawed my leggins pissed till the knees. As I was there alone and I already was some time into omorashi, it turned me up. I peed a little and I was watching the wet spots growing. When they almost reached end of my leggins, which will result in pee flowing into my shoes, I sit on toilet and with leggins on, I let the rest of pee go out. It really turned me and I fingered there.

When I got orgasm, it putted me back to reality. I looked at my wet leggins, then take the skirt on and went back to class. I sit to my desk and stayed there till the end of lesson. Teacher was talking about math, but I was turned on, so I ignored it. After about half hour, he told us he has to go and left the classroom telling us to be carefull next 15 minutes (as he was still responsible for us). Half of my classmates leave the school and I had few minute to catch the bus, I followed them.

When I arrived home, my mom was suprised why I'm here so early. I told her why and went to my room. My leggins were still wet, so I take them off and hided them behing the heating, where I was hiding wet pant's when I was peeing myself when I was home alone. I take of the skirt too, and even if it was bit wet from inside bout ass, I putted it in wardrobe, making it ready to take to school nect day. I wanted to change my panties, but I heard my mother is coming to my room, so I haven't got time. I quickly got leggins about which ones I know there can't be seen any difference when they are dry or wet. Right in time, I clothed them and then my mother came to my room. She told me to help her with the laundry, so I went. We spent there about two hours and when I finally left, my panties were dry, so I didn't changed them.

Luckily, nobody knowed anything. Based on this experience, I sometimes pee my pants in public, when having long skirt over them. Pour guys they can't do it, it's amazing.

