Beer goes right through me

Author: weakbladder

*000*2013-04-29 06:27

I'll make this one quick because i'm starting to get tired. Went out for a few beers tonight at a bonfire this friend of mine was having. I didn't hear about it until late, I had actually made some dandelion tea and I was expecting to do a hold alone at my apartment. Then I got a call and decided to go out.

I was the only girl at the party, which made me feel a little weird, but I got to drink beers for free so! No problems. I drank alot and got quite desperate. And I noticed it was only 1030. I didn't want to have an accident in front of so many people so I went and squatted by a tree. But I told myself that was the last pee I was allowed before I went to sleep. Not even right before bed. (Which is almost certainly the kiss of death, I wet the bed most nights these days). Some guys convinced me to shotgun a few beers. (Hope you all know what that means). And I got desperate again quick.

Finally it was time to grab a ride home. And I was rocking back and forth in my seat. I really regreted wearing these tight jeans, they were digging into my bladder. I got out of the car and walked to my door only to struggle with the kes for a while. While I was trying to find the right key I let loose a big spurt into my panties. There was a pretty big splotch on my jeans and I began to panic. I HAVE TOO MANY KEYS. I dont even have that much to unlock. I just couldn't take it. The jeans, the beer, it was just too much to handle.

It all rushed out of me. Me jeans were so tight that most of it spilled before it reached my socks. So I soaked myself from the beginning to the knees.

Well guys, time to go to bed. I really could use a bathroom but I promised I wouldn't again tonight. Hoping for a dry night! They are rare!

*005*2013-04-30 03:52

Not dry at all! I woke up early in the morning soaked. I changed the sheets and put on a goodnite, when I woke up a few hours later that was wet too.

