St Trinians Outing

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-01 22:21

I was listening to music earlier and the St Trinians theme tune came on and it inspired to finally write up this story, it happened a couple of months ago and i kept saying to myself that i would get round to writing it but i never did, however the song got me thinking about it so now I really want to relive it, i hope you guys enjoy .

I will start by setting the scene. Me and my friends aren't big on going out clubbing, we usually just do if there is an occasion such as a birthday or an event worth celebrating. However every so often we split up and leave the boys to do what boys do and we have a girls night out. Each time we do we have a theme for the night and we dress up. We decided it was time for another night out and we chose St Trinians as the theme....we had done that theme before for a fancy dress party so we all had the costumes.

We all got ready then me, my sister, our best friend and my sister in law met up at my house and had some drinks before we headed out. We arranged with my husband that we would give him a ring when we wanted to come home and he would come pick his up and with that we went and caught the train into town. We had planned which places we were going to and made it so we would end up at our favourite club to end the night off. As you can imagine we turned a few heads as the night went on, i mean my sister had the longest skirt out of all of us and that barely covered anything so you can guess how the rest of us looked....Giving the crowd plenty of knicker flashes as we danced and acted like proper St Trinian school girls .

Fast forward to half 2 in the morning and we came out of the club and walked up through the centre of town and went and sat on a bench in the town square. I rang my husband and he said he was on his way to get us. Luckily it wasn't too cold out as none of us had brought a jacket with us and we just sat chatting watching the crowds of drunken people make their way through town. It was quite busy in the square as this was where the taxi's ran from and it was where the Mcdonalds was which was quite busy. As we we were sat you could see plenty of people coming in and out of the alleyway across the road and it was obvious to anyone that they were going down there to pee. As i watched them coming and going I noticed i needed to pee but it wasn't too bad and despite having had a lot to drink I was confident i could hold it till i got home. It was then i noticed my friend was stood moving from foot to foot as she spoke to my sister. 

After 10 minutes or so she asked me when Matty (my husband) would be here and i said not long. Then she glanced round and said "im going to go for a pee, i was thinking about going to McDonalds but it is busy, ill just go over there" and she headed over to the alleyway. As she left my Sister in Law said "i could do with a pee too but i will wait till i get home, it isn't too bad yet". I should point out now that me, my sister and my sister in law all love holding so when she said it wasn't too bad she could either have meant that she wasn't desperate or most likely meant that she was desperate but she wanted to hold it till she got home to enjoy the feeling. My friend came back and we continued chatting away. About 15 minutes later Matty rang me and said that he was parked over the road from McDonald's so we went over to meet him.

I got in the front seat and then Sarah (sister in law) got in the back seat to which Matty gave a cheery "evening Sis". Then my sister got in one side and my friend got in the other and sandwiched her in the middle. We navigated our way out of the town centre through the numerous traffic lights and endless taxis. We came to the last set of traffic lights to turn out on the ring road and Matty said "right ladies, who are we dropping off first". My sister looked at him and said "well i live with you so not me". Then Sarah said well my house is furthest away so might as well be me......oh and can you be quick". Matty looked in the mirror and said "why". To which she replied "because im your big sister and you love me.......and because I'm bursting for a pee and nearly weeing myself". 

He chuckled and said "don't worry love, i know a few shortcuts". The lights changed and we set off towards her house. As he was driving i swivelled round so i could talk to the back seat. I looked down and saw Sarah's legs bobbing up and down like and saw she was wiggling. Seeing her doing that turned me on but as she was dressed as a naughty schoolgirl it was so much sexier. We chatted away and 10 minutes or so passed when Sarah suddenly said "oh god drive quicker Matt, im almost wetting myself". I looked round where we were and noted we were about 10 minutes from her house. Now she was really bouncing and squirming and as i watched i felt my own need to pee increasing and noticed my legs were starting to jiggle.

Suddenly she gasped and said "oh god hurry hurry hurry". She opened her legs and pointed to her knickers where a little wet spot had appeared. As i stared at it it suddenly got bigger....and bigger. "oh god please be quick I'm leaking and i can't stop it". I was mesmerized watching the spot grow and grow. We turned into her road and as we got closer to her house she started saying "oh god oh god hold on hold on hold on". We pulled up at the bottom of her drive and she hurried my sister out of the way and she jumped out of the car. She came round to the drivers side and said goodbye to us all and then asked matty about the next day as they had plans. As she asked him she was stood hopping from foot to foot with her hand pressed into her knickers. 

She looked so damn sexy i could feel my own knickers dampening, although not with pee. They finished talking and she took a step back from the car and suddenly said "im not gonna make it, if i go inside i will burst before i get to the bathroom.....oh fuck it". As those words left her mouth there was a splashing sound and i looked down to see a stream pouring out of her knickers and onto the floor. She sighed in relief as we all just sat staring at her wet herself. She finally stopped and said "ahhhh thats better" then winked and said "at least you got a show, well goodnight" and with that she walked up her drive flashing her wet knickers with each step. We waited for her to go inside then we set off to drop my friend off.

By now my own bladder was getting really full and i was wiggling around. I looked back and saw my sister was also wiggling. Then i looked over at my friend and she had her hand up her skirt and was bouncing her legs. I asked if she was ok and she said "yeah, just need a wee, I needed one and then watching Sarah pee made it so much worse". I laughed then said "but you pee'd before we got in the car". She laughed back and said "I know, but when i drink the more times i pee the closer and closer the intervals get". 10 minutes later we pulled up outside her house and she said her quick goodbyes and then dashed off up the path to her door and we watched her dance around for a minute or so until her boyfriend came to open the door.

We set off and headed towards home. Now i was bursting for a pee, my hand was up my skirt pushing against my pee hole as i squeezed my thighs round it. I felt on the verge of leaking and judging by my sisters actions she was feeling the same pressure. By the time we got home i had leaked a number of times and when i stood up out of the car a spurt escaped. Matty opened the door and we went inside and my sister looked at me and i said she could go first. I watched her dash upstairs and i noticed as her skirt bounced up and down that she had a wet patch on her knickers. I stood dancing around trying not to spurt again trying to hold on a few more minutes to wait for my sister.

I kicked my shoes off and went to walk forward when suddenly my arm was grabbed and i was spun round. The motion made me spurt and i clamped my thighs together to keep control. Matty pulled me in and kissed me. I returned the kiss and he pulled me closer. I felt a bulge press against my leg and i broke the kiss and looked at him and said "oh yeah". He winked at me and said "what do you expect, ive just played taxi driver to four super sexy slutty desperate schoolgirls". I giggled and resumed our kiss. He wrapped his arm round my back and pulled me close into him which put pressure on my bladder. I moaned and pulled back and told him if he did that i would burst.

He smiled and said "oh what a shame" and stepped back and leant on the wall and pulled me in close. I felt his leg slide up between mine and come to rest against my pussy. Then suddenly he kissed me and pulled me close into his body. I felt a slight pressure on my bladder and winced as i tried to resist spurting. However a huge spurt escaped my pee hole and shot onto his leg. He then pushed my back harder onto him causing me to spurt again. I didn't care anymore, i was lost in the kiss, my bladder was starting to let go, i was insanely horny. I pushed down hard on his leg and let go. It came shooting out of my peehole all over his leg. His leg pushed against me caused the pee to spray to either side and it felt so good vibrating against my pussy.

I gently started rocking back and forth on his leg causing my pussy and clit to grind against him. I started moaning and within seconds and only a few rubs my body was hit with a huge orgasm and my legs went weak and i collapsed against him with pee and cum pouring out of me all over his legs. I recovered from my sudden climax and stood up and planted a kiss on his lips. Just as we were getting lost in the moment i heard a cough and we looked up to see my sister standing there looking at us. She looked at huge wet spot on Matty's leg and the puddle on the floor and said "well.....i see you had fun.....bathrooms free" and with that she walked past us and into the living room to see her boyfriend.

I looked at Matty and said "bathrooms free.....i suppose i best go shower". I headed upstairs and put my stuff on my desk. He came into the room and took off his jeans which were soaked. I went and set the shower running and came back in to get undressed but the sight of him stood in just his boxers warped my mind. I walked over and said "i think you need a shower too" and grabbed his erm.....bulge.....and lead him into the bathroom and stood under the shower making my schoolgirl uniform get all wet and see through. We then proceeded to have some steamy shower fun .

Needless to say i look forward to our next girls night out

The End.

Hope you guys enjoyed, now i have some more time on my hands i will hopefully find the motivation to post more of my antics

*002*2014-09-01 23:44

{{ 

Gemmy, your life is like an ongoing omorashi fantasy. I envy you. Great detail, too.

Keep writing and stay wet

A little off topic, but is St Trinians worth a watch? Never heard of it before.

}}

I like them.....both the original and the remake and sequel.....it depends what you are into

