Misbehaving At Work

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-01-29 22:23

I peed Inappropriately and masturbated at work once -a very long time ago. I was newly divorced and had custody of my two young children, so wetting my pants at home was difficult at best. I was the overnight stocking manager at a grocery supermarket. Sometimes my help didn't show up so I was alone in the store for 8 hours. In addition to wetting I also enjoy peeing from heights, but finding a location to do so without, risking arrest is problematic. One night while working alone, I needed to pee shortly after arriving for work. In the back room, there was a meat cooler, which was about ten feet high. In the hall next to it there was an opening in the floor for access to a drain pit about six feet deep, where there was a filter to prevent grease from the meat packaging room from entering the septic system.

Opening the pit and Climbing up on top of the cooler would give me about a sixteen-foot drop to pee off of. To have pee fun I must be very desperate.

After a few hours I had to keep grabbing myself to keep from wetting my pants, but I was enjoying myself so much , I kept pushing the envelope to hold it in a little longer . Eventually I started to leak a bit into my briefs, a thrill I had not experienced in a while,so I kept on trying to hold back the pee flow. It became increasingly difficult to do my work, between concentrating on holding my pee and the need to frequently grab my dick to keep my pee from coming out. I continued to leak pee every few minutes, eventually wetting my briefs, and beginning to wet my jeans. I told myself , try to hold it just a few minutes more, which I did ,but the uncontrolled spurts of pee were becoming bigger , despite my constantly holding myself. 

Eventually the front of my jeans and part of my crotch were wet, and I decided it was time to go, because I was concerned if I wet my pants much more they either would not dry in time or would smell. Therefore I climbed up on top of the meat cooler , whipped out my pee swollen and leaking dick and peed long and hard over the edge into the sub-floor drain, about a sixteen foot drop. Having just completed two of my favorite pee activities, holding my pee until I couldn’t stop the flow and wetting my pants and peeing from a height I was very aroused , so I went into the men’s room and began rubbing my dick the feeling was sensational. I kept jerking off to a spectacular orgasm dropping my load into the toilet. Those were Fun times that still get me hard telling it after all these years.

