Shower scenes

Author: sephirothtx

*000*2012-07-18 06:00

Showers, they allow complete privacy. It was here I first experimented with pee, before I ever wet my shorts. First it was peeing my hand as a young kid

I was young, in high school, but young, when i first peed on myself. I've always been tall, so sitting in my mothers glass shower i could prop my legs up for good leverage. For the first time i pissed on my chest, belly, even a little in the mouth. Found out it was an acquired taste (i have squires)

In high school i received my hs love, she was the second i ever admitted my fetish too (first was best friend of that time, whom was also the first i told i was bisexual)

I never got her to do much with it but she was the first to try it with me, well on me, im the shower.

She is the reason I became more outgoing in doing it out in public, (see former post.) and in private.

Then one day I went to the shower with a good full bladder, I was home alone for the weekend, and I was determined. As not to mess I experimented in my briefs. I got in the shower. At first it was like I couldnt, despite being home alone and with no chance of being caught, and of letting the occasional tiny trickle into my pants, it was as if my body was trained Into refusing my will.

I had to really push, but fijally, with the help of hot shower water, I let it go, first a spot, trickle, then a warm mess, it was an instant turn on.

But it didn't stop there, I had known I had to go poop before hand, I thought I could've peed, then hoped on over, it turned out all that pushing while standing pushed if too. Going in my pants like that, it was interesting, I loved wetting myself, but messing myself, it was hot because it was really on accident, on the other hand it was too much of a mess to clean up, and not really what I was into, so you know, barring accidents I probably will stick with wetting myself.

In the ever since then I've found it easier to pee myzelfg since then, usually in briefs, but I've peed jeans, pjs, ECT, and just a little extra tonight I peed myself old style, in shows on myself, been drinking way too much cofee cause that's all it smelt / tasted like

