Interesting Sighting at Wal-Mart

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-10-31 01:34

Hi! I just wanted to tell you all about an interesting sighting I had at Wal-Mart the other night. I had gone to the local Wal-Mart store with my best friend and his 90 year old mother. I ended sitting on a bench at the front of the store with his mother, while we waited for him. Now, this bench happened to face toward the self-checkout section of the store and not more than 12-15 feet from me was the little kiosk where an employee stands to monitor the self-checkout lanes. The employee assigned to this kiosk that night was a girl who looked to be in her early twenties, very nerdy looking with eyeglasses.

As I sat there, I tried not to stare, of course, but I soon noticed that she seemed uncomfortable, not a full on gotta pee dance, but she would frequently cross her legs or press her thighs together - sometimes with one foot or knee up on the ledge at the bottom of the kiosk. I even saw her pace a lap around her kiosk - obviously to hide her discomfort. She also pulled out a half-frozen bottle of water and starting downing it at intervals. This of course made my wait on the bench much more interesting! Eventually, a male co-worker of hers came over to her and started to talk to her, and I was close enough to hear bits and pieces of what they said over the usual chaos at the store. From what I could make out, she was explaining to him that she was holding her pee for her boyfriend! She went on to explain that by the time she arrived home, she would not be able to hold it. She said something about her brother and uncle also get to see her pee herself!

The co-worker eventually relieved her, and she apparently went on break. She came back awhile later and resumed her earlier behavior, obviously still holding. My friend finally showed up a short time later and we left, but I still keep thinking about her holding her pee. DARN IT! Why can't I find a lady that will do that for me!


