Bursting in the Book Shop

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-12-07 00:57

On Friday I had a desperation sighting and it reminded me of a time I was in the same situation so I thought I would share the sighting and then my own experience….

Let me fill in the background first. I have always loved reading and in the little town I grew up in there was a book shop that sold all the new books and is a modern book shop. However on the outskirts of town there is a little second hand book shop and growing up I used to love going there and looking through all the old books and spending my pocket money on them. As I got older and moved to high school I would sometimes walk that way home and call in and over time I became friends with the guy who owned the shop. 

When I was 14 I got a Saturday job working there and loved it, then when I went to Sixth Form College I had more time and worked there whenever I had spare time that I wasn’t at college. I continued working there all through my four years of college and then had to leave when I got a full time job. I still went in on a regular basis to feed my reading habit and still remain good friends with Albert the owner. Earlier this year he mentioned he was looking for somebody to work part time in the shop and at the time a girl I knew was looking for a job so I took her down and she started working there. This leads to the sighting on Friday.

I was in town having ran some errands and I decided to go and see Albert and probably get some new books. When I got to the shop Lucy was behind the counter and when she saw it was me she waved and I walked over. She told me Albert had popped into town and should be back soon. I said it was fine as I wanted to look round and she asked if I wanted a drink. She made me and herself a cup of tea and we stood chatting for a while. As customers came in and she was dealing with them I wandered round looking for books for myself and slowly made a small pile on the counter. We were stood talking and she kept looking at a customer that was looking at the shelves. The guy picked out a couple of books and came over and paid for them and left. As he walked out of the shop she said “I hope Albert gets back soon, I could do with a pee”. I looked over at her and noticed that she was bouncing her leg against the base of the stool but apart from that she was showing no signs of being desperate.

We went back to chatting as I flicked through the newest stock that hadn’t been put out yet and after about ten minutes she grabbed her phone and said “i’ll ring him and see where he’s got to”. I laughed and said “you know Albert, he most likely got sidetracked...or is stood talking to someone”. She laughed and lifted the phone to her ear and after a few seconds she said “hey Albert, just wondering how long you are going to be…...No No everythings fine here….it's just all those cuppa’s you made me earlier are catching up to me and I’m busting for a pee”. She laughed and then said “okay, see you soon”.

She hung up the phone and said “he’s on his way back”. I nodded and then realised her issue, the shop doesn’t have a toilet, they always use the bathroom at the hairdressers next door and she was the only one there so couldn’t leave the shop. I turned to her and said “if you want to nip next door to the loo I can watch the shop”. She looked at me for a moment and said “no its okay, what if a customer comes”. I replied “I will tell them you will be back in a minute”. She thought about it but said “no its fine, I don’t want to risk getting in trouble with Albert”. I nodded and went back to looking through the box of books.

As I was looking I kept glancing at her and could see her crossing and uncrossing her legs behind the counter and every so often she would bend forward slightly. I would have felt sorry for her but the fact I had given her a solution but she had turned me down negated that and I got turned on watching her subtly pee dance. Another ten minutes passed and she nervously laughed and said “if he doesn’t get back really soon I will have to accept your offer otherwise I’m gonna pee myself”. As she said that she stood up off her stool and squeezed her thighs together. I looked up at her and said “what, sorry I wasn’t paying attention”. I was, I just wanted to hear her say it again. 

She laughed and replied “I said If Albert doesn’t get back really soon I will have to take your offer to watch the shop so I can go next door to the loo because I’m nearly wetting myself. She danced and when she thought I wasn’t looking grabbed her crotch. After a few minutes of this the door opened and Albert came in. She looked up and saw it was him and said “oh thank god, I’m about to pee myself”. She dashed out of the shop past the window to next door. I spoke to Albert for a few minutes and she came back looking relieved and said “ahhh that’s much better”. I chatted with Albert for a while and then paid for my stuff and headed out. As I drove home I remembered when I got into the exact same situation a few years ago.

###

It was a normal Friday and I was working in the shop serving customers and stacking shelves. When it got to lunchtime I went to the cafe next door on the other side and got myself a sandwich, a bun and a cup of coffee and came back and ate it in the back room. I finished my lunch break and went back to work. After a couple of hours I felt the need to pee but it wasn’t anything serious and nothing worth stopping working for. As the afternoon went on my bladder slowly filled and I got to the point of it being a prominent need that I couldn’t ignore.

Albert said he had to go round the corner to the supermarket and then had a couple of errands to run in town and asked if I was ok watching the shop. I said I was fine and he headed out. I set about pricing up new books ready to put out on the shelves and as I was my bladder continued to fill and I realised the cup of tea I was sipping at wasn’t helping. After a few minutes I was feeling desperate and being stood still I found the need getting worse pretty quick. I finished pricing up and started to put the books out on display.

Half an hour later I had put all the newly priced books and I was now stood behind the counter busting for a wee. When I had customers I was distracted but when they left and I was on my own it was hard to focus on anything but my pee filled bladder. As time slowly passed I got more and more desperate and went from 7 to 9 really quick. I stood behind the counter dancing and bouncing on my feet, crossing my legs and every so often when I got a desperate urge I would grab my crotch to help ease the pressure. Another ten minutes passed and I was starting to worry. I was now bursting for a wee and feeling like I was going to wet my knickers at any moment. I stood with my hand jammed between my legs holding against my pee hole to ease the pressure.

Unfortunately a customer came in and I had to let go and as I did I felt my knickers dampen as a small drip escaped. I cursed the customer as she slowly looked round whilst I stood subtly dancing behind the counter trying desperately to keep my knickers dry. Eventually she picked something, paid and left. When she left I broke out into a pee dance and grabbed myself to bring the pressure back down. The need lessened slightly but I was still almost having an accident in my knickers. A few minutes passed and I was starting to drip from my pee hole and I knew I would have find a solution and fast. Just as I was thinking about what I could Albert came back and I tried to look calm and when he went into the back room I shouted “i’m just popping out i'll be back in a minute”. He shouted back his acknowledgement and I quickly walked out of the shop.

I stopped dead when I saw a sign in the door of the hairdressers saying they had shut early that day. Seeing that made me leak into my knickers and I grabbed my pussy through my leggings not caring who saw. The cafe was shut as well as they closed after the lunch rush. The nearest toilets were in the supermarket round the corner but I knew if I went there I would burst before I got there, I was already leaking uncontrollably. I quickly walked around the back of the buildings to the alley where we keep the dumpsters.

As I walked along my pee hole kept opening and leaking into my knickers which were now very wet. I walked down the alley and ducked behind a dumpster and quickly yanked down my leggings and knickers. The moment they were out of the way my bladder gave in and a stream erupted from my pee hole. I quickly squatted down and sighed in relief as my bladder emptied full force onto the pavement below me. It felt so good to let it out and I pee’d for well over a minute. Once the stream died down I pulled my knickers back up and got turned on when I felt the pee soaked fabric on my pussy. I pulled my leggings back up and went back to work like nothing had happened.

###

I came back to reality and realised I had driven home. I got out of the car and found myself very aroused as a result of Lucy’s desperation and thinking about what happened to me and went inside and took care of my pressing need.

