True wetting story, on the I-5

Author: Shauma

*000*2012-09-06 02:53

A few years ago I had to make a road-trip from LA to San Francisco and back. The I-5 though the central valley is an extremely dull drive, but I figured I had a way to liven things up. Having finished my business that took me up there, I got ready to drive home in the morning. Knowing what I intended to do, I hadn't eaten the previous evening, nor did I eat that morning. I drove south outta San Jose on the 101 and then took a two-lane blacktop to cut over to the 5. While I was on the cut-over I stopped and filled my car with gas, knowing one tank at that point would get me home, and bought a large bottle of water, a quart maybe? I also covered my car seat with a plastic sheet. As I headed back out on the road, I drank the bottle of water, I finished it pretty quickly.

Once I got to the 5 I turned south, and wondered to myself whether I was really going to go through with this. For the half hour(?) I had no urge to pee, but finally the feeling starting coming on. I was still thinking about what I should do. I passed one rest area, and a few service stations, but decided to press on.

Eventually the urge got to be pretty strong, really strong, I'd have to decide whether to use a bathroom soon, or there was going to be no turning back. About this point I came upon another rest area. It was a weekday, so there weren't many cars or people about, but there were some people about. I got outta my car, put on my winter coat, and hustled towards the bathroom very quickly. I was still vacillating about what I should do. When I got inside, I pulled my pants down, sat down on the toilet, and then thought "I'll just pee through my panties." Then I thought "don't be chicken - go for it!" So I pulled my pants back up, relaxed a bit, and immediately peed myself. I figured I had a lot more to go, but that I may as well get back in my car and get back on the road.

As I walked outta the bathroom I held my coat closed to hide the damage from curious onlookers, but then I thought "heck with it" and let my coat fall open and let a little more out as I walked back to my car. I would imagine a few people saw that. Once I got back to my car, I had to pee some more, so I did just before I got in my car. By this point my pants were pretty wet, but I'd drank a quart of water, I wasn't close to being finished, and the fun part was about to begin.

I got back on the road, and knew I was going to wet some more. I was thinking I'd have to push it out because I was sitting. Noooo, I was full enough that I didn't have to do that. What had been fun to this point then became the greatest wettings I've ever had. I was driving along and I felt a little twinge, like a slight wave coming on, which then receeded. Maybe a minute later it came back, only stronger this time. I wondered where this was going. The third time it was more like a tsunami and I gushed for maybe five seconds without even trying. I don't know if I could've stopped it if I tried. It was a shock, it was powerful, it was almost orgasmic. I couldn't believe what had just happened. As the drive continued, all would be calm, and then the cycle would repeat, just as before. It was incredible - and it went on for hours! The drive though the Central Valley takes maybe three hours, and I was gushing almost the whole time. It was the best time I'd ever had in a car. ;)

Alas, by the time I got to the Grapevine and started climbing through the San Gabriel mountains, I finally emptied out. It was winter so I rolled the windows down and put on the vent to try and dry out a bit by the time I got home, because I knew it wouldn't be dark by then. When I got home, I still wasn't dry, but putting on my coat would cover the worst of it, but I was soaked. My jeans were soaked down to the cuffs, up to the waistband, and my top had soaked up pee halfway up my back. I was soooooooo wet. Managed to get into the apartment building without being seen, and I was tired, but smiling. :)

Since then I've worn diapers while making that drive. I don't always wet them, but sometimes I do. It's such a long drive. Figured it's better to be diapered than be desperate.

