After School Wetting Story

Author: Rainstorm

*000*2013-07-06 23:16

Hello everyone, thought I'd share a story with you all not just because I'm new here and wanna get involved, but because for the first time I can talk about it freely and reveal my thoughts to those that understand.

It was my senior year of high school, and as I would often do since my family only owned one car, I would ride the public bus home. This day had been a strange day bladder wise. Normally liquids don't run right through me, but this particular day I was having to pee quite frequently. I even had to excuse myself from class a couple times to use the bathroom, which is uncharacteristic for me, usually I just hold it all day and wait until I get home.

I was walking out of the school towards the bus stop and realized I had to go again. "Again!" I thought, "I'll just hold it, the bus will be here soon anyways, it'll be fine." I trust my bladder a lot, I usually never have a problem holding it if I have to for a long time. I saw the bus down the street as it approached me and 20 or so other students, all eager to get home. A few of my friends rode the bus as well, and live fairly close to me. The bus pulled up to the curb, I reached in my pocket for 75 cents to pay the fare and hopped on.

I sat down in a row of seats near the back of the bus, my usual seat of choice. I wiggled my toes in my shoes as the urge to pee persisted. "Man, I really do have to go. No worries though, not like you've never had to pee before." I assured myself in my mind that my need to use the bathroom would pass. My friend Aaron sat next to me. We would typically chat about Music, video games, and occasionally about girls we thought were funny and/or cute. “Gotta pee, gotta pee…” I was finding it harder and harder to focus on my friend and I’s conversation. I had to admit even to myself that I was getting desperate.

“Why do I have to pee so badly? It’s not like I just drank a lot of water or booze!” I noticed I was drumming my hands on my thighs quietly, but at a fast speed. I started to actually worry a little about embarrassing myself in front of all these people. The threat of embarrassment made this ordeal a bit frightening instead of enjoyable. “Well here’s my stop man, later.” My friend Aaron said, momentarily dragging me away from my mental battle with my bladder. I nodded to him as he got off the bus, and realized I still had about 10 minutes or so to go until I was home.

“Don’t lose it, don’t lose it, you’re okay I swear.” I was pursing my lips, and tapping my feet at this point, probably even making subtle grunts and groans, luckily muted by the much louder commotion caused by everyone else talking. I tried to stare out the window, hoping for a daydream to distract me. That daydream never came, but luckily something else did. A couple rows of seats ahead of me I heard a girl shriek with laughter, writhing around like I felt like doing. “STOP, STOP TICKLING ME I SWEAR I’LL PEE!” Her name was Samantha, I didn’t know her much beyond that, but I was thanking my lucky stars.

“Did she just say what I think she said?!” I thought to myself, smiling. Admittingly I got excited and became aroused, temporarily eliminating my need to pee. The other girl sitting next to Samantha didn’t let up regardless of Samanthas pleas. “What is wrong with you!?” Samantha pushed the other girl away, “I just peed on myself, oh my god!” I was probably biting my lip at this point to be honest, I was also in disbelief. I hadn’t witnessed or even been in the vicinity of a wetting accident in a public place in a long time. Samantha appeared quite embarrassed and got off the bus as quickly as she could. I peered out the window towards her and noticed a decently sized wet patch on the crotch of her tight blue shorts, her arms crossed, probably angry at her friend for causing her to have an accident.

I had forgotten about needing to pee for now, and was thinking about Samantha, “Wow, I can’t believe that just happened. Poor girl probably was really embarrassed. I know I would be…” As if the universe was trying to show me how she felt, my urge to pee was back suddenly, and stronger than before. My stop was the next block, so I stood up to pull the line that signaled the bus driver to stop. “Oh shit!” I thought, “I honestly don’t think I’ve had to pee this bad before.” I winced as I made my way to the bus exit. My bladder actually hurt, and I felt full and bloated. I thought for a moment about how funny I must look, because there was no way I was walking normally.

I stepped off the bus, and if I had been the only one to get off on my street that day, I may have very well just wet my jeans right there just for the relief. However, a girl named Ashley whom I talk with quite regularly got off as well. “Hey Nick.” She said with a smile. “Oh hi Ashley, I had no idea you were on the bus!” As much as I liked good company, I really wished she hadn’t been there. I had to will myself to hold it longer now. I absolutely could not pee my pants in front of her no way. I walked with my hands thrust in my pocket, holding myself in at least somewhat secrecy if I could. We chatted as we walked down the street, although I could hardly engage as it was taking my full concentration not to lose my bladder.

It was then that I leaked. For just a second I let out some pee and felt my underwear get a little damp, but was able to limit it to that. I gasped without meaning to which prompted Ashley to ask me what was wrong. I was probably grimacing a bit on top of that, standing still looking towards my house that was just maybe a hundred feet away. “I tore a muscle in my groin in gym class.” I lied. “It’s just sore that’s all.” It was a smooth lie, it really was. I had an excuse to hold my crotch for a moment and it didn’t involve me having to pee. Much to my relief we parted ways at this point, since she lived on a sidestreet just to our right. “Go take some Advil or something! Rest Up!” she advised “See you tomorrow!” I gave her my thanks and waved as I began to power walk towards my house.

“Home stretch Nick, you’ll make it.” I was telling myself in my head that I was good to hold it for a while, as if I hadn’t already wet myself a little. Although it wasn’t get noticeable to anyone but me, I knew deep down I couldn’t hold on but maybe a few more minutes. I could feel my bladder pulsing as if it had a heart of its own. I started running, up my front steps I went. I lunged towards my front door, turning the handle. LOCKED, “No, no, no, no, no…” I repeated aloud, fidgeting and frantically grabbing for my house keys. Somehow I was able to unlock the door quickly, and I burst inside as if the outside world was on fire, and my house was some sort of flame retardant vessel.

I dropped all my things immediately, backpack hitting the floor, however I was probably already at the bathroom door before it landed. At least I would have liked to think so. “drip, drip, drip…” I was thinking, that thought racing as I was slowly losing it throughout the whole time I was getting inside. I glanced down and saw a small dribble of wetness slightly down my left pant leg. “Shit, c’mon” I said as I frantically undid my belt. It’s funny how difficult it is to get those off when you really have to pee. So close but so far, everything just started to let go at that point, and I whirled around and sat down on the toilet with my jeans still on.

“Ahhhhh…” It was extremely relieving it really was. “At least I’m home alone, nobody knows this has happened.” I thought. I started chuckling, almost not believing I was sitting on the toilet peeing in my pants. Listening to the hiss my jeans made and the trickles of the pee falling into the toilet water was oddly calming. “I couldn’t have predicted this but hey..” I let out a sigh and sat there for a while, feeling the warmth on my crotch and behind. I had an excuse to put off homework. I needed to shower and had some laundry to do after all! “I did technically make it to the bathroom so congrats to me.” I laughed and patted myself on the back.

Thank you for reading! This is a true story that took place a few years ago, and is a day I won't soon forget. That is for sure. :)

