Some of The First I had seen Part III

Author: diaperpeeftw

*000*2013-01-17 16:35

If you would like to see my Two other stories you can find them here:

$/11540-some-of-the-first-i-had-seen/

Now this story takes place in 7th grade, I was really good friends with all the people that lived around me, specifically the girl in my other story and my next door neighbor and her friend that lived across the street.

It was the perfect day, no home work, a little hot out but not to hot. me my neighbor went over to the girl across the street's house to jump on her trampoline, my neighbor brought her little sister.

There was no one home other than the girl who lived there so it was me and the three girls. we jumped on the trampoline for about three hours when my neighbors little sister had to pee and peed her pant because we were locked out of the house so they went home to get her sister changed.

Now for the interesting part of the story.

It was now me and the other girl, lets call her Hannah

Hannah was wearing a baby blue t-shirt with a cami underneath and a white mini skirt.

Once the other girls left she came up really close to me, which made me blush and she was blushing to and she was rubbing her thighs together and in the cutest voice ever asked if i wanted to see some of her trampoline tricks, to which I said " sure".

She was just randomly bouncing around didn't really care but i pretended to be impressed got a peak here and there of her panties but didn't see much....until

....

SHE DID A HAND STAND!

Here skirt at that point didn't matter it just fell and there they we in full view blue panties with different colored flowers on them.

Me and her both new that this had become very erotic (at least for our age)

I laughed jokingly and said "I can see your underwear" which she replied

"I don't care if you see"

She then walked over to me both of us blushing and she said in a kind of sarcastic erotic tone

"did you like my tricks"

"of course I did" I replied in the same sarcastic tone

She then said

"I have to pee too, like *blanks* sister, but there's no way of getting into the house"

"I guess I will just have to pee here"

That's when I noticed how vigorously she was rubbing her now red thighs together. a couple of minutes passed she was still rubbing them together and then she slightly lifted her little white skirt to expose i little more than the crouch of her panties. she had her legs completly together just rubbing them and fondling her skirt in her hands. she then said

"well i cant hold it anymore"

Her legs were still panties still in full view and she sighed with relief as she slowly let it out first the crotch of her panties got wet and then it started streaming down her legs and onto her pink socks.

When she was all done she said it felt really good and warm.

She was all wet and she said her patio and socks would dry. after a couple minutes of talking and excused myself to go home after witnessing something so awesome what else could i do.

Well I all hoped you enjoyed the story

Please leave feedback

There is more were this came from!

*002*2013-01-18 03:05

{{ 

Very nice read! Looking forward to hearing some more of your stories. Quick question though, did this girl every figure out (or you tell her) that you were into this kind of thing?

}}

She had no idea (unfortunately)

*004*2013-01-18 11:28

{{ 

That certainly is too bad...do you think she was into it at all? Or was it just a convenience/I don't care type of thing?

And not to bog you down with questions, but how frequent of an occurrence was this sort of thing? I only ask since I've never had someone that comfortable with this kind of thing. Lucky to have had a few girls indulge me with the intentional/naughty side of it, but never the kind of "I'm uncomfortable so I'll just let go in my pants", heh.

Either way though, nice story and looking forward to you next entry! B)

}}

For what I recall it was a "I'll just let it go in my pants" type of thing but maybe not, I'm not sure I could find out (still in contact with the girl) and this was, and still is a regular occurrence but mostly with different girls.

I will have more storys soon so it should become more clear. thanks for taking interest in my post though! :)

*006*2013-01-18 11:46

{{ 

Damn...I'd say it's quite lucky of you to have this kind of kink and be around people who seem to indulge in it without realizing that they are. It's even better (at least, in my opinion) that they didn't seem to be embarrassed by their choice to just let it go.

Do you think they chose to go through their clothes as to avoid flashing their "naughty bits" to you (and potentially, anyone else nearby) or for more of the shock value and or sensations of just wetting themselves? Once again, I have to congratulate you on being so lucky - and to be willing to share said experiences. The most I've witnessed in terms of the informal, unaware-of-my-fetish experiences are girls just yanking down their pants/lifting their skirts/dresses and panties to pee wherever they are for immediate relief without caring who sees (which coincidentally is considered indecent exposure where I live).

}}

Considering the time and age I'd have to say that its so I wouldnt see their "naughty bits". Again I cant bee 100% sure perhaps this is something I should look into ;)

*009*2013-01-25 09:48

Next story just posted you can find it here: 

$/11784-some-of-the-first-i-had-seen-4/

