The reward of stubbornness

Author: buggy2013

*000*2016-01-24 18:11

Movies 1

I remember going to see Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire when it came out in theater with my friend. We waited in line for an hour to get tickets (and this was a whole week after it had come out) then waited another hour for the doors to open, then sat with out snacks for another 30 minutes waiting for it to start. we were probably 13 I'd say. I actually used to have holding contests with this friend. We were very very close (brought together through a mutual love of Harry Potter)

Just as the lights were going down I realized that I probably should've used the bathroom, but was too excited to leave. By the time they'd gotten to the first challenge with the dragons my drink was gone and my bladder felt heavy (probably a 6)

It just got worse from there (as expected). I refused to miss even a minute of this movie, as I was a little obsessed with harry potter. Unfortunately, those movies last forever and a day.

By the time they were in the graveyard toward the end my bladder felt so swollen inside me that I thought I was going to explode (8.8 let's say on a 1-10 scale)

I was shifting in my seat continually with eyes glued to the screen. My friend obviously knew that I had to go and had nudged me and told me 'just go, you know what happens' at least three times. I was stubborn though.

By the end I was doing a full on potty dance in my seat, but had to wait for everyone in front of us to file out, as we'd chosen the top back corner of the packed theater. My friend teased me as I frantically tried to find a way to sit or stand so I could hold on a little longer. She'd even mentioned going on the seat or the floor, but I wouldn't hear of it. I ended up sitting and rocking on the armrest of one of the chairs while we waited to be free of the crowd.

Of course the ladies room line was around the freaking corner by the time we got there, so we walked out of the theater and down the street to a children's park. It was so cold I almost lost it as soon as we stepped outside. Luckily because it was cold nobody was there, so I was able to squat under one of the climbing towers.

I was almost shaking with how good it felt to let all that go, and remember that my bladder still ached and cramped from the hold. My friend poked fun at the fact that I'd sprayed my own shoes and flooded the woodchips beneath me. I told her she was jealous and we walked back to the main plaza to get lunch before my mom picked us up.

