Another one my friend had

Author: schubert.will

*000*2015-04-05 05:05

Well my friend Ari (alias) and I were driving from a friend's house about 3 hours from where she lived (I was staying at her apartment that night). She had a few cups of coffee (to keep her awake, not to sober up) before we left and I noticed she didn't go to the bathroom, because I notice things like that for some odd reason. Right before we left she said "I have to pee. I'll try to hold it for three hours but no promises." and laughed it off as we left our friend's (Jennifer (alias)) house.

An hour later the truck (she was driving) became very quiet and her responses to my questions and statements became very short and not so much said, as grunted. We were talking a lot before this. I noticed she kept fidgeting and grunting very quietly. I asked her if she was okay and she nodded and sort of choked out "Should have peed at Jennifer's house." I told her that there would most likely NOT be a place to stop since it was really late and rest stops were really rare on this highway. She was like "don't remind me." or something and I asked if she could hold it for another two hours and she said "I guess I really don't have a choice."

Approximately a half hour later, she was clearly desperate. Fidgeting very much and kind of crying but not really crying if you know what I mean. She yelled something along the lines of "Why are there no gas stations around here?" I don't know how she was concentrating on the road. She started cursing under her breath and tapping the steering wheel with her hand and bouncing a little in her seat.

Approximately twenty minutes later, silence. I THOUGHT I heard a hissing sound, but it could have been in my head. All I know is 1). I heard her yell and moan a drawn out f-word 2). I heard her whine loudly like three or four times followed by a panicked gasp, then a long sigh that sounded distressed and 3). after all this, there was no more fidgeting. No more cursing. No more yelling. Just a quiet drive. I asked her if she was okay because she seemed upset (No sh*t sherlock) and she sighed and "Yeah. I'm good. Just want to get home is all." She sounded really shaky.

We arrive at her house. I get out and lock the passenger side door as always and start toward her apartment. She is still in the truck, so I go back to it, concerned for my friend, and she is staring down at her pants looking defeated. "I have to use the bathroom," I said "but you said you had to awhile back. Want to go before me?"

"Don't laugh." She said and looked up at me. I said okay, and she sighed, and got out of the truck. "I don't exactly have to go anymore." She pointed at the wet spot on her seat. I smiled, trying to hold back a laugh, and she smiled, shook her head and started laughing. "F*ck you, Will."

We started walking up the stairs toward her apartment. She was in front of me and I could see the wet spot on the back of her pants from her bottom down to a few inches above the knee. They were a baggy sort of cargo style like she usually wears, and a dark grey. When we got to her apartment she turned around to put her coat on a chair and i could see that her inner thighs up to the front of the thighs in certain areas had been wet as well, but were slowly drying. "Ugh!" She grunted "I really need to change my pants." She said going into her bedroom, returning a few moments later with a pair of blue pajama bottoms and a pair of tan underwear at which I happened to sneak a glance. She went into the bathroom and I sat on the couch and turned on the TV, she came out pretty quickly, still wearing her soiled clothes, and grabbed some carpet cleaner and asked me if I could clean her car seat. I said yes.

When I returned she was wearing her blue pajama bottoms and watching TV, she smiled and said "Thank you." I went into the bathroom where her clothes hamper was located (Not the reason I went in) and went to the bethroom. On my way out I notcied that her wet clothes were at the top of the pile in the hamper. Her soiled pair of underwear was right on top (I sh*t you not) and had very visibly been wet. They were white women's briefs, slightly yellowed and the drying urine stain was still very visible.

*002*2015-04-06 00:32

She has had multiple accidents in the time I've known her (some I've seen and some I haven't) and she usually is pretty matter-of-fact about it. It's not awkward for her at all and we have kind of an "open book" relationship (although I've never told her my secret. That's one thing I'll keep to myself). She actually told me once that she wears diapers at night because she wets the bed, and told me she's considered wearing during the day for her fairly frequent day wetting problems (she said about once or twice a week). I really hope she doesn't have a serious problem. Her fiance doesn't seem to care.

*004*2015-04-07 19:00

Thank you! I actually just quickly wrote this from memory (as best I could remember). I didn't really try to make it good or even grammatically correct. I'm going to write some fictional stories, and I'm hoping those will be better.

Yeah we kind of did for a few minutes. She just kind of laughed about her lack of bladder control. She has sort of a cavalier attitude toward this and some of her other medical problems, which concerns me.

*006*2015-04-11 04:59

Upon reflection, I think this was the first time I saw her have an accident. Her bladder issues got really bad as time went on. Around this time she could hold it pretty long. One or two hours. Now, as some here may know (if you've read other experiences I've written), she can't hold it at all and wears adult pull-ups.

