Desperate girlfriend after the Moomba festival

Author: Harwoodd

*000*2014-05-14 22:26

So I suppose I should start be saying that I have been with my partner Jess for 7 years. In these 7 years I have seen her in desperate need of a toilet on two occasion. I had always assumed that seeing her desperately need to pee would stir within me feelings of worry, after all we are very close and I always thought that I would not be turned on by her desperate need, rather that I would want to get her to a bathroom asap so as to extinguish her pain and embarrassment at needing the bathroom desperately in a public place.

The one time (before the story I really want to tell) that I had seen her really desperate was on a trip from the Moomba festival to Richmond station and the subsequent train ride from richmond to Frankston. It is a trip I could never forget.

The toilet lines at the Moomba festival were ridiculous. We spent a few hours at the festival, going on rides, eating bad food, drinking overpriced drinks, losing money on carnival games, the usual really. It was a hot Melbourne day and we had both been drinking fairly heavily. I had been to the bathroom once in the few hours we'd been there, but every female toilet we stopped past had lines far longer than normal.

Jess and I had only been together around 4 months and she was obviously very shy about letting me know she was in need of a toilet. We were making to leave and I headed for the toilets. She jumped into a massive line for the ladies saying it would probably be a good idea for her to go as well. To this point, she hadn’t been since leaving her house about 5 hours ago. In that time she had had a large coffee, half a bottle of coke and a full bottle of water which she had only just finished. I had had the same and I needed to go pretty bad and I had been to the bathrooms already where she had not.

I went to the mens room and returned to her a few mins later. She had moved about one foot closer to the toilet. She had her legs crossed and her hands in her jean pockets when I saw her but upon seeing me uncrossed her legs and put her hands back to her side awkwardly.

'Could be a while' she said 'Might be better just to walk to the station and go to the toilets there'

'Sure, if you think you can make it' I said fishing for an idea of just how bad she had to go.

Like I said, I knew her well enough to know she was too shy to let on if she really was desperate if there was no need too, but I thought I'd try anyway. To my surprise though she bent around and looked at the long line in front of her. She bit her lip and said in an unconvincing tone 'I think I'll be fine, lets hurry though'

We made our way to the exits and on to punt road. She did not say anymore about having to pee but she was definitely not her normal bubbly self. I wasn't sure if I was seeing things when they weren't there but I was definitely excited about the prospect of her being desperate for the toilet.

We made it to Richmond station in just under half an hour. The time board above the entrance to the station said that the next train to Frankston was 4 mins away. After that there were no trains for 30 mins.

'Quick' I said 'you go pee, I'll see you on the platform. I'll hold it up if I have too’.

She disappeared around the corner as I headed for the platform.

I was walking up the ramp when I heard someone from behind me call out my name. I turned to see Jess walking up the platform. My first thought was that we were going to have to wait for the train after the one that was just about to pull into the station. My next thought though was that she had definitely not had time to pee.

'What happened' I asked

'Their closed for cleaning' she whispered, almost in disbelief.

‘Did they say till when’ I said

‘Doors closed, there’s just a sign saying closed for cleaning’.

She definitely looked a little bit stressed. She had her hands in her jeans pockets (which like most girls jeans were far too tight for hands to be able to get in the pockets) and she was ever so slightly swaying from foot to foot.

Behind me the train had begun to approach the platform.

'What do you want to do' I asked

'I don't know' she said 'I’d prefer to pee before we got on the train, I need to go pretty bad' she said curtsying a bit.

I will admit that my heart almost missed a beat. This shy beautiful girl had just admitted to me that she had to pee. Not just have to go but go pretty bad. This on top of the fact that she couldn't immediately get to the toilet was almost enough to make me melt. I decided to take a gamble. The fact that she had followed me instead of staying at the closed toilet until it opened said to me that she really wasn't sure of what to do. As bad as it is to say I wanted to prolong her desperation. I was so incredibly excited at this point that I could barely handle it.

'It's probably better to get on the train. It's an express’ I said pointing to the train board at the top of the ramp. ‘We'll be at Frankston in forty mins and you can go there' this was true.

'Im not sure I can hold it that long. If it wasn't an express then at least I could get off at a station with a toilet' she whispered to me.

'You don't know how long it's going to take them to finish cleaning the toilet. Could be an hour' I said with my last roll of the dice.

Behind us the train had stopped at the platform and people began getting on and off the carriages.

'What do you want to do' I asked

'I want to pee' she said with a mock whimpering sound 'I don't know, what do you think'

I looked at the train and then back to her 'I think we should catch the train'

She bit her lip and looked towards the train. 'Ok' she said 'let's go'

I was gobsmacked. This I had not expected. As we got on the train realization hit. If Jess did really need to pee pretty bad then the decision she had just made was to spend the next forty plus minutes stuck on a train that would not be stopping until it reached our destination close to an hour away.

I don’t think i would ever put myself in that position. The thought of already being desperate to pee and putting myself in a situation were I was nearly an hour away from a toilet with no way to duck down an alley or behind a bush was crazy to me. Which got me to thinking that surely she was not in as bad shape as I thought. Maybe I was just hoping she was desperate. the train didn't immediately pull away from the station. Instead we sat there as five mins rolled passed, then ten.

She hadn’t said anymore about needing the bathroom. I thought she was fidgeting but I did have my doubts about her being desperate. My doubts were eased when at the fifteen minute mark of us sitting on the stationary train Jess looked at me and said 'I'm not sure I can do this, do you mind if we get off'. She didn't really wait for a response, instead she got up and headed towards the door. I made to follow her but just as I did the doors closed. Jess half ran and grabbed the door handle and tried to open the sliding door but it wouldn't budge.

The train began to pull away from the station. Jess looked my way with real horror in her eyes. I shrugged to her, giving her a look of concern I guess I didn’t have to fully fake, and sat back down. She made her way back to me and sat down opposite me in the booth. The train wasn't overly packed but there were enough people on it for our conversations to not be private. She looked at me and said 'Oh crap. Is there any chance this train isn't an express'

I looked up at the led display at the end of the carriage. It read 'Express to Frankston'.

'Not according to that' I said. 'Do you think you can make it'. I was hoping she would say maybe, or it's going to be close, but all she said was 'Yeah I'll be fine. I'll just have to cross my legs I guess'.

I guess I was deflated. It was in the way she said 'Yeah'. It was too confident. It's not that I wanted her to pee her jeans or anything like that. I'm a fan of desperation, not wetting, strange I know. But if she was so confident then the trip might not bear any fruit at all. I did want to see her desperate but I was starting to think that may not happen on this particular trip.

On the other hand, she was absurdly shy. To that point I'd not actually seen her naked, not top nor bottom, I’d never heard her mention needing to use the bathroom, hell, she would turn beet red if i saw a photo of her when she was younger. I knew she wouldn't blurt out things like 'I'm about to wet myself' or 'I have to pee so bad I can taste it' but I was definitely hoping for something. So I guess I wasn't sure if she was actually not having to go that bad, or whether she was hiding the fact that her bladder was very full, or for that matter, somewhere in between. I decided I'd not press the issue and instead let her bring it up if she needed to.

If she was desperate then she was in a very tight situation. This wasn't a car she could pull over if she was about to wet herself, this was a trip with a designated start and finish point with no stops at all. If she was desperate and forty minutes was to long, then she would wet herself simple as that as far as I could see it.

We were silent for a time as the train pulled away from the station, we started picking up speed but not the speed you would usually expect from an express service. I didn't know what to say. Also I didn't want to butt in on her if she was about to admit her need was greater than she was letting on. I thought back to the train station twenty minutes back. She'd said that she had to pee pretty bad. It was the first time I'd ever heard her say it but she had definitely said it. But only minutes ago she had said she was fine. I knew one more thing, with all she had drunk her bladder would no doubt still be filling. A large coffee, half a 600ml bottle of coke and a full 600ml bottle of water. That was a lot of liquid.

The silence lasted about another minute or two until we passed the first station on our trip. South Yarra station. I knew there were toilets at this station. Not all stations had them along the Frankston line. Some had toilets but they were always locked. All in all I would say there were probably 4 out of the 20 stations with toilets and two of the 4 might actually be open.

I saw a little wince cross her face as we went passes. I assumed she had been hoping that the train was going to stop and she could use the toilet there.

'I haven't been to South Yarra station for ages, they used to have the best potato cakes' I said.

She laughed a little but she was definitely not her bubbly self.

'I can safely say I have never had a potato cake from a train station tuck shop' she looked out the window then without looking back to me added 'dim sims plenty of times but you know, i’m only human'

We settled into a steady stream of conversation about nothing of any importance. I didn't ask her if she was ok or if she needed to pee or anything like that. I didn't need too. About ten minutes into our trip she began to show definite signs that she was struggling. She had crossed her legs and was beginning to squeeze her thighs together whilst leaning forward a touch. Her hands were together in her lap and her knuckles were white, she was bouncing a bit as well.

To an outsider nothing might seem a miss but I was aware of the situation. I also had the advantage of having spent a fair bit of time with her of late and instantly knew that the way she was sitting was very very unnatural for her. There was no doubt about in now. Although she had said nothing about her need she was showing all the signs of someone trying desperately to not wet themselves. I was actually finding it hard to breath. I had never been in a situation like this before.

Sure I'd overheard people on the train say they needed to pee or some such. That though was always fleeting. They would always get off the train and that was the end of it. This though was my first real time around a desperate woman who was at the very least half an hour from relief. I started to realize that we were going far too slow. this happened all the time to me on the Frankston line and at times the train would come to a complete halt in-between stations fir no apparent reason. I felt my earlier estimation of a 40 mins slowly creeping upwards.

I looked at her and saw her shudder. It wasn't cold at all so I assumed this was a wave of desperation hitting. She lent forward a touch more and pressed her hands into her lap. She looked at me and said 'How much longer do you think until we're at Frankston’.

I knew that she knew that we still had at least 30 mins left. What was obviously making things worse was that the train didn't seem to be going as fast as a regular express, if we kept this speed it could easily turn into an hour.

'The way things are going I would say about 40 minutes still.

She rolled her eyes. She was definitely not the same happy bubbly girl of an hour ago.

'Why are we going so slow. Do you think we might be stopping after all'

I wanted too tell her it was more likely that we might have been catching the train ahead of us, but I thought better of it.

'Maybe' I said 'They do mess up a lot of the time at telling you what train is what'

She looked out the window as another station passed by. We had been on the train for no more than twenty five minutes and were around 6 or 7 stations from the half way point when a pained look crossed her face. She squeezed her crossed legs together even harder and did something I'd never seen anyone do before by double crossing her legs. She was bitting her lip and very subtly rocking back and forth.

'Are you okay' I asked quickly.

Her eyes met mine and I could see the worry in them. 'I would really like to get to a toilet soon' she said. 'I can't remember the last time I had to go this bad'

I reached forward and put my hand on her knee. 'Are you going to be ok, sorry to say this but I don't think we're stopping and we are probably half an hour away from Frankston going this speed, are you going to be able to make it'

'My god this is so embarrassing but I really don't know. I'm really really desperate' she whispered. We were of course whispering but I'm sure that other passengers would have been able to hear what we were saying.

'What can I do' I asked stupidly, not really knowing what to say.

'Pull the emergency stop' she said jokingly leaning back and wriggling around a bit. Now that she had admitted her need she was definitely fidgeting a lot more. She was crossing then uncrossing her legs and swaying them back and forth. I knew she was doing her very best to be discreet but she had obviously reached the point where movement was really the only thing that could stop her from having an accident. She had not held herself yet but I was sure that would come if it had to. I knew that it is a complete and utter last resort to hold oneself in public and I wondered if it would get to that.

For what ever reason the train slowed to a crawl and seemed to be coming to a stop.

'Whats happening, do you think we are stopping at the next station' she asked.

'I’m not sure. I don't think the next station has a toilet'

'Oh I don't care right now. I'll knock on someone's door and ask to use their bathroom if I have too' she accentuate this by jiggling her legs about and leaning forward. The train stopped and time began to pass. Five mins later we began to move again though at a very slow speed. We had been on the train for around half an hour at this point.

At this time I noticed the man sitting in the booth behind Jess put his paper away. He rose and walked back towards us and towards the station map on the wall near the doors. I did not miss him checking Jess out as he walked passed, I wasn’t sure if he was trying to look down her singlet top or what but he definitely checked her out. He stayed at the map for some time until finally he came back but instead of heading towards his original seat behind jess, he sat on the edge seat in the booth on the other side of the isle from us. I wondered briefly if this was to have a front row seat to my girlfriends now quite obvious seated pee pee dance. Regardless of whether that was his plan or not, he was in a great position to witness some of the best desperation I had ever seen.

Although part of me was deeply worried for Jessica, the fact that there was this beautiful 19 year old, dangerously shy woman in front of me fidgeting more and more with each passing minute was absurdly exciting to me. The fact that she was borderline laughing at herself and her situation helped as well. I've seen videos of people getting very angry in this situation but Jess was definitely not like that.

Stations went passed but the train was simply not going the speed it should have been , in fact it seemed to be slowing down again. I guessed we were behind where a standard ‘stops all stations’ train would be. Great for me but terrible for Jess.

She had her legs crossed and was bouncing the top leg up and down, her eyes were locked on mine. 'This is so embarrassing' she said through gritted teeth 'It's getting really hard to hold it' she had both hands in her lap and was pressing them down into her crotch. She saw my eyes wondering down there and quickly moved them away. 'I'm sorry' she said as she pushed her but off the seat with her hands. Her legs were still crossed when she did this and the look on her face was one of utter desperation. It is an image I'll remember till the day I die. She took a deep breath in and looked out the window. She sat back down but was moving more now that her hands were not near her lap. She let out an exasperated fake cry and her fidgeting increased.

We slowly passed a few more stations with Jess bouncing around like a kid with far too much sugar running through their veins. I was sure there was still liquid making it’s way to her bladder considering how much she had drunk and how long it had been since she had been to the bathroom. I was really beginning to wondering what she was going to do. It was beginning to look like she wasn’t going to make it at all. I had never seen anyone as desperate as her at this point, she simply couldn’t sit still. We still had at least twenty mins till Frankston more in fact as the train was crawling. I was going off how long we were off had the train been going full speed. We were far behind that. In essence it was as if we had only just left Richmond station. At one point the train went at walking speed for like ten minutes. We had now been on the train for around 45 mins and we weren’t even half way. I guessed that she had been fairly desperate for about two hours.

‘Oh my god’ she mouthed to me and her hand shot to her bladder.

‘Are you ok’ I said

‘I don’t think I can make it to Frankston’. A pained look crossed her face once more and in a flash her hand moved from her bladder to between her legs which she tightly crossed over it. She then looked up to the roof of the train ‘Oh god, come on train’

She looked back at me with tears in her eyes, one hand holding her crotch and sweet building up on her fore head. ‘I’m going to wet myself if we don’t get there soon’ she said in resignation. It was a strange situation to be in. I don't know if anyone reading this has actually been in a real desperation situation but it is surreal. I know I keep saying this but I had never been this close to anyone who was this close to peeing themselves, not male nor female. Jess was so shy that her admitting this to me could only mean she was in real real trouble. This was a real desperation scene. this was not a drunk girl stuck on a train. This was a devastatingly shy beautiful girl who due to unforeseen circumstances was stuck on a train, so desperate to pee that she couldn't sit still for a second and was actually holding herself in public. I couldn't believe it. She was actually holding her crotch with people close enough to touch her.

I looked around to the back of the carriage. Between every carriage was a small outside space where you could cross from carriage to carriage. I had seen it used by men to pee but mostly by people who couldn't seem to hold off until the end of the trip to have a smoke.

'Do you want to go there'. I thought she would flat out refuse. It obviously wasn't a nice thought, made all the worse that there were a group of kids about our age sitting right at the seats near the door. She would have to stand, something I wasn't sure she would be able to do, walk the half length of the carriage past them to the little outside area and expose herself where many could see so she could pee a very full bladders worth off a moving train. I knew there was no way she would do that but at this point the alternative seemed to me to be wet herself in public with strangers who were already watching less than a couple of meters away.

She looked at me with pleading eyes.

'I don't know' she said 'I'm seriously going to wet my pants. I can't believe this is happening'. She was trying to stay quiet but she really didn't have too. All her moving around had given her away a long time ago and most of the carriage no doubt new she was bursting. If anyone near by was in to desperation they were having a field day.

'I have never needed to pee this bad. This is so embarrassing. What am I going to do' she was now holding herself with both hands, pulling up on her crotch so hard I was worried she was going to do herself some damage. She fake cried again but I knew she was getting close to actually being in tears. We had now been on the train for close to an hour.

'It hurts so bad' she said as what could only be a mega wave took her and she did everything in her power to stop from wetting her jeans. I began to feel sorry for her. I started to think that if she did wet herself then we would have to walk through Frankston back to our car with her in completely pee soaked jeans. Frankston is a complete dive in my opinion and she was definitely not going to be welcomed with sympathetic looks.

'Do you think you can hold it for 20 minutes' I said knowing full well that it was more like half an hour. It had been about 7 hours since she had last been to the toilet and had consumed a lot of liquid

'I don't think so' she said moving uncontrollably.

'Then lets go down there, I'll ask those guys to move'

She shot a look towards the group and again did her fake crying thing.

'I don't even think I can stand. I'll wet myself as soon as I do. And what if they don't move' she was moving around more than ever. both hands still buried in her crotch. I stole a glance at the guy in the opposite both. He was loving this I thought. Not only was he so close to a beautiful woman about to pee her pants, but every time Jess lent froward he had an almost perfect view down her singlet top. Hell, I was seeing more of her than I ever had. He saw me looking at him and scoffed.

'Bout time they got some toilets on this train' he said with concern in his voice.

'I am so sorry about this' Jess said to him. 'The toilets were closed at Richmond. This is so embarrassing'

'Your right love' he shot back 'Just do what you gotta to do to hold it in, happens to the best of us'

We passed a few more stations, still going far to slow and then once again came to a stop.

'I'm going to wet myself' said Jess 'I don't think I can hold it anymore' she was in a complete panic. She raised her but off the seat, still with one hand buried between her crossed legs, and bent forward towards me. I could see completely down her top and I new others could also.

'Oh my god' she said whilst bouncing up and down. I was sure that she had almost every eye on her at this point. She was grinding her but in to the seat one minute, then raising it of the seat the next. She was breathing deep and heavy, kind of like those birthing videos you see. The train once again started up and began to crawl forward.

‘This isn’t fair’ she said uncrossing then quickly crossing her legs once more. For the first time since getting on the train she began to look at others on the train. It was as if she was starting to believe that she was really going to wet her pants and was starting to worry about the people seated around us and just how very close they were. There was no escaping the situation though.

'Oh shit, I'm going to piss myself. We have to go down there' she said, nodding to the gap between carriages.

'Are you sure' I said.

'Yes' she said following by a sharp intake of breath. 'Oh fucking hell, this isn’t happening' it was the first time I'd heard her swear.

'Do you want a hand getting rid of them' said the man in the booth.

'Should be fine' I said back.

We were just about to move when an announcement came over the loud speaker.

'Good evening ladies and gentlemen. hope you're enjoying your trip today. Apologies for out lack of speed on today's service, we unfortunately caught up to the service ahead of us and had to maintain a lower speed due to this. We've decided that instead of maintaining this speed we will be stopping at an upcoming station for a couple of minutes. The train doors will be opened for any who choose to use the facilities and just a reminder that smoking is not permitted in undercover areas of the train station. An announcement will proceed our departure. Once again sorry for an inconvenience and we hope you enjoy your trip on yarra trains'

I looked at jess. At first I wasn't sure if she'd heard the announcement but finally she sat down.

'Are you ok, do you think you can make it'

'I don't know' she said in haste feverishly shaking her head 'Just tell me when where there' she was in what looked to me to be a complete state of concentration. She had both hands jammed between her legs, rocking back and forth, breathing deep and muttering to herself 'Come on come on come on'. She was sweating something chronic. It was pouring from her fore head, down her shoulders and chest and between her breasts. Another station went passed, not the station we were stopping at. Jess had begun to bounce and whimper. 'Fuck' she said and began to shake her head. 'This can't actually be happening' she had stopped looking up at me. A complete picture of concentration.

'Oh god' she she said all of a sudden and stood up looking at me with tears in her eyes. 'I'm going to wet my pants. PLEASE god hurry up' she pleaded and began to shuffle to the middle of the isle. There she stopped and bent over and began to bob a little. 'fuck' she said in a whisper yet load enough that I heard it. Then the train began to slow. She looked at me in something I can only describe as alarm.

'Whats happening' she said 'Is this the station we're stopping at'

'I think so. Keep holding on, your almost there'

'I'm going to burst any second. I'm seriously going to pee myself.'

As if the news that she was nearer to relief than she thought had given her one more ounce of strength, she started to walk for the doors. Both her hands were holding her crotch and I was pretty sure that despite the embarrassment, she couldn't take them away for a second without completely flooding her pants. Most people were watching her now but I doubted she cared. We made it to the door and she began the greatest pee dance I have ever seen. She had both hands jammed between her legs, one minute her legs were crossed the next she was pacing on the spot looking up to the roof of the train muttering 'come on please god hurry up hurry up hurry up’. Like I said I had never been this close to anyone as desperate as her and I was feeling light headed.

'come on come on' she continued then squealed and mock cried. 'What station is it' she panted ' do you know if they even have a toilet'

'I'm not sure' I said in all honesty. I'd completely lost a grip on where we were.

'Anywhere' she said 'I don't even care anymore. I’ll pee in a bush I just don’t care'

The train started to pull in to the station. Jess had one hand on the door handle, already trying to open it, the other holding herself for dear life.

'Come on come on, oh god I'm gonna pee myself'

She was marching on the spot, almost running. We were at the very front of the train and as we passed the main building I said 'There, toilets in there'

'Oh god' she said bending almost to the floor. 'Just stop for god sakes please just stop. finally we did stop and jess desperately pulled on the door handle.

'Come on come on' she said and finally they opened. The toilets were all the way down the other end of the platform and jess made for them as fast as she could. She still had one hand gripping her crotch and as other people got off the train and saw her waddle passed they stopped and stared. We weren't moving fast but finally we saw the toilets.

'I have no idea how I'm going to get my pants down without wetting myself' there were tears running down her face at this point.

I didn't want to tell her that I was almost certain the doors would be locked and she might have bigger problems to deal with. but she was in luck. we got to the toilets and she turned the handle and the door swung open.

'Oh my god' she said as she ran in. The door closed behind her. I waited outside for what must have been minutes. An announcement went over the speaker saying the train would be leaving in two minutes. Finally the door opened and Jess came out looking sheepish and exhausted.

She looked at me with a fake sad look on her face and walked straight into my embrace.

'I can't believe that just happened' she said ' That was so embarrassing'

'Could have been worse. Could have had to go all the way to Frankston'

'There is no way I would have made it. I'd have wet myself for sure. I can't believe I had to pee so bad. In front of all those people my god that is so embarrassing. I can't go near that carriage again'

We made our way onto a different carriage just as the train was leaving.

By the time we were one stop from Frankston she was pretty desperate again, but nothing compared to before. She went to the toilets at Frankston station and I had to pull into a gas station on the car trip home only to find they didn't have a bathroom so instead drove her back to her house while she fidgeted madly in the passenger seat. We made it to her house and she kissed me and apologized and said she was about to wet herself and quickly ran inside. I stayed long enough to watcher her desperate dance at the front door as she fumble with her keys and finally ran inside.

It was one of the hottest experiences I've ever been witness too. I didn't think I would ever see anything like it again an that was fine because honestly how could you top that. well, five years later I would find out just how something like that could be topped. thats a story for another time though....

*015*2014-05-16 00:19

Thank you all for the positive feedback. My other, that is to say only other real experience will be up soon. Thanks again and I'm glad you all enjoyed the story.

