I wet my panties

Author: CamiLikesCupcakes

*000*2012-07-19 16:10

Last night, I had a conversation with a friend about how my user picture has absolutely nothing to do with cupcakes. We then got on the topic of how I used to have a pair of panties that had a cupcake pattern, and how if I hadn't thrown them away already, I was going to do so, because they were getting worn out. He suggested that before I threw my panties away, I should give them a good soaking. It sounded like a good idea to me, and I went to bed even though I hadn't peed since 10 PM.

I woke up at 10 AM to the sound of rain outside. I was happy that it was raining, because it had been super dry in my state lately. I then noticed the throbbing pain in my bladder and instinctively clenched my thighs together. I placed my hand over my bladder and found that it was swollen. I tried to go back to sleep for another 20 minutes because it was so comfortable under the blankets, but I was tossing and turning with discomfort, and the sound of rain outside was further stimulating my bladder.

I finally got out of bed and went over to my underwear drawer to try and find the cupcake panties. I knelt in front of my dresser, pressed my heel against my opening, and dug around in my underwear drawer for quite a while, unable to find the pair of panties I was looking for. Maybe I'd thrown them away and forgotten that I'd done so, maybe they'd gotten lost when I moved last fall, or maybe they were just buried in some deep corner of my drawer. Whatever the case, I couldn't spend much time looking for them when I had to pee so badly, so I went with a pair of panties that had a cute ice cream cone print instead and rushed to the bathroom.

I took my pajamas off, put my panties on, and was about to stand in the shower and pee when I realized one thing: I hadn't shaved my bikini area in about two weeks. It had been so scorching hot lately that I didn't bother leaving my air-conditioned apartment to go swimming, the pool water was pee-warm and not refreshing in this weather. And I'd just broken up with my girlfriend of almost one year a month ago, so I hadn't gotten laid in a while, and just hadn't bothered shaving lately. It wasn't too bad, there were only a few hairs visible through my panties, but it was enough that I wouldn't want to take pictures. So I got my razor and did a quick shave, which was hard when I was bouncing around, squirming, and leaking into my panties.

Finally I just decided that I had to pee too badly to worry about a thing like that, so I hopped in the shower and danced around while I tried to get my camera situated. My hands were shaking, and I was worried that I would pee myself before I could start recording. I finally got the camera at a good position and started recording. I continued to squirm for a few seconds just because it was hard to stop. I reassured myself that it was okay to let go, and I spread my legs and began to drench my panties. The pee came out fast, but in a very hard, thick stream. It was the kind of bright yellow, concentrated morning pee that hit your nostrils with it's stronger-than-usual smell even as it gushed onto the shower floor with a loud splattering noise and pooled around your feet before streaming down the drain. I only peed for about 10-15 seconds, but as I said, it was a pretty powerful stream.

I recorded a video on my iPhone and held the phone upside-down because it was more convenient. It flipped upright automatically when I played it back on my phone, but when I uploaded it onto the computer, it was upside-down and I don't know how to fix it. So I won't bother posting the video, but I did get a pretty decent screenshot from the video.

I'm thinking about wetting my panties again later today, but in a pink, lace, see-through thong. I'll post pictures later if I decide to do that.

*004*2012-07-19 17:33

Thank you, I'm glad you guys like it.

I just wet my pink lace thong.

*012*2012-07-20 02:41

{{: 

Also, I wish you hadn't shaved...

}}

Really? It's nice to know that not everyone is against the idea of a bit of body hair on females.

*016*2012-07-23 03:14

{{: 

Unfortunately, the photo of your second wetting has been taken down.

I assume it was removed. If you took it down yourself, then disregard.

}}

I actually did take it down myself...I decided I was uncomfortable having panty pictures on my photobucket. And as Shu said, it would have probably been taken down by the staff anyway.

