First clothed wetting in new apartment.

Author: Dysnomia

*000*2015-06-16 04:33

Tonight I decided to hold until I couldn't anymore. Holding "all the way" is something I've only done a couple of times. Normally during any holds I do, I get very desperate and end up "purposefully" letting it go. But anyway, this was my first wetting in "normal" clothing since moving a bit over a month ago. I've wet in a diaper a couple times since moving, but tonight I had to mop the floor.

In the middle of writing a lengthy paper for an online class I'm taking for a second degree (because my first one hasn't helped too much), I noticed I had to pee. It wasn't yet particularly pressing, so I decided to hold for a bit. Nearing the end of the paper however, my need to pee was starting to become more and more severe. I decided I was going to finish up the paper and "reward" myself by not visiting the toilet. I impulsively decided I was just going to hold until I wet myself.

I wasn't dressed in anything particularly special. A white t-shirt and jeans. But I felt, for whatever reason, that my jeans were a good choice to wet in today. So I didn't change into anything that I had previously planned to wet in. For a while I just walked around my cluttered apartment (I'm still not nearly unpacked) as my desperation built until I decided the kitchen area would be the best place to make my last stand. So I brought my bedroom mirror into my small kitchen area so that I could watch myself shake and squirm a bit. I needed some sort of entertainment if I was to just be standing in an empty room waiting to lose control, and what better source of entertainment than watching my own stimulating suffering?

I stood in place for what felt like an eternity. Constantly feeling like I had very little time until I burst. What was more of a pressing matter however, was I also felt as thought I needed to also do number two (I didn't mess myself). I often find that being desperate to pee also makes me feel like I need to do my other business as well. I wasn't planning on that cleanup today but I wasn't going to move until I wet. Once again, I thankfully didn't need to do the more difficult cleanup today.

I just stood there and watched myself in the mirror. I was quivering. I couldn't hold still. I didn't want to move.

After standing in place for maybe about an hour after setting up camp, I leaked a little bit. Just a spurt at first. And a few minutes later there was another one. I managed to hold out for a bit after the second spurt, but within ten minutes or so it was coming out. A slow trickle at first, but despite my best efforts the dam broke and I soaked, mostly the inseam and back of my jeans. I couldn't stop it until I was drenched. I stood there for a minute, in a large puddle of my own urine. My socks drenched as well. Despite deliberately putting myself into exactly this situation, several conflicting emotions rushed over me. I reacted by immediately just grabbing my mop and beginning to mop the floor. At the end of it all, I'm a bit happier and have a bit more laundry to do, so I think it worked out well!

