My art teacher`s former assistant

Author: Guest 0blivi0usly

*000*2013-04-07 04:17

I have a huge teenage crush on this chick and it was just my luck that i got to experience this :3

I go to an alternative school which i started as a junior and am just to lazy to do anything to graduate so, ha...still in school :p but that does mean i get to see this stuff.

###

I walked into the bathroom at my school, The assistant from the art room (i have a huge crush on her) was standing right there waiting. She had her legs crossed and it was right before 7th period, and i remembered the art teacher saying she'd be gone that day. The bell rang and she sighed as the stall opened up. She left, She was wearing navy jeans and a black sweater. I ran in as i didn't care about being late. I walked into the art room and she was sitting in the desk where the art teacher usually sits. the desk was open in the middle, and solid where the drawers were. She got up and put the attendance sheet on the desk and she spoke, i couldn't hear her. This woman is very quiet by the way, and shy. Nobody else did either.

She didn't really know any of our names so she had to take the attendance somehow. My name was at last part, so this should be interesting. She started saying off name. I only heard because she was standing next to where i was sitting, nobody else probably couldn't even tell if she was speaking a lick of English or not. She sighed as people failed to respond and went to the back and tapped a boy on the shoulder and he shouted. "hey shut up!!!" She blushed as the room went silent an she said "I need to take attendance" she started saying names but the room got loud again an nobody could hear her any more. She just sat in the teachers desk again. I saw her legs shifting around and I looked up at her and she she looking at me blushing.

I returned my gaze to my work and then as i saw her look away i glanced over to see her nervously biting her nails. She sighed as she got up, by this time it was 15 minutes into class. She walked around and then stood crossing her legs, and then she looked over at me, I've been working on this ancient old time ship for the longest time, She said " this is interesting, when do you think you'll fire it. (ceramics) I said "I don't know..." She nodded and said "I'd like to see it when you're finished."

I said "you will." she walked away. I saw her wince and she said "do you know the number for the office?" i shook my head and she walked away. she sat at the desk, her legs were rubbing together. I carved away, and i kept an eye on her, she kept switching positions and occasionally standing up and glancing at the clock. My friend said "man I'll be back I gotta pee." She carefully nodded and one of my friends took out a water bottle and i glanced at her...She was looking at the clock again, 30 minutes left. She crossed her legs under the desk andi saw a hand press against her lap. My friend opened the water bottle and a guy said "hey do you have a pick?!" She nodded and reached for his hand knocking the water in the process, it splashing everywhere. She gasped and she looked at the floor. she said "don't worry Miss A. I'll clean it up!" Miss A now had a hand where you shouldn't put it and a hand supporting her head as she stared at the desk. A tear was rolling down her cheek.

I felt bad, after all i loved her. I walked up to her and handed her a tissue and she said, "could you, go ask Mr. S next door for the office number, i really need it..." She was still holding herself and i said "Are you okay?" she shook her head and I said " do you not feel well." yes i was playing oblivious. she sniffled and she said "please just ask him" i nodded and i sighed having to leave the action because my heart won. I walked next door to Mr. S's room and knocked on the door. and i tried the knob. It was locked, i panicked remembering his planning period was 7th. The room was dark, and he had left.

He was our music teacher. the art room and the music room were on the far side of the school from everything else because they required bigger classrooms. I walked back to the art room and she looked at me hopefully. I said, "his room light we=was dark and the door was locked. She sniffled and i saw another tear and i couldn't do anything. She said "that's okay sweetie, you tried." Another tear fell and she wiped it away and she said " don't mind me dear just go sit down."

Another tear fell and i heard her sob and saw her grasp get tighter and she said "please..." I said "you're crying..." She sniffled and she said "my eyes are watering is all..." i sighed and she shifted slowly to sit on her heel...we still had 20 minutes left. She removed her hand slowly and she said "please sit down dear...i really just need to just be alone." i nodded and sat down and looked out of the corner of my eye to see her unbutton her jeans and she pulled her shirt over as i caught a glimpse of baby blue panties. She sniffled a she adjusted herself on her heel. I started carving on the ship as my friend finally finished cleaning up the water that had spilled, and Miss A. still sat hiding her face. I wondered if it was pain, desperation, or just deplorableness in general that she was crying, but it hurt to see her cry.

My friend sighed and said "Miss A. can I go get a water? my entire bottle smashed on the ground and broke!" She nodded and My friend left. Suddenly the fire alarm rang and you could smell the smoke. Miss A slowly buttoned her jeans again wincing and grabbed her coat. She walked slowly towards the door and when I rushed towards the exit after the crowd i tripped falling and I knocked into her and she gasped holding herself with both hands and tears crashed down. There was a very small dark spot on her jeans and she obviously didn't notice it, and you couldn't unless you looked for it.

She let go slowly and walked carefully outside. i followed and she stood next to the class with her legs crossed and the fire department's siren sounded as they turned the corner. She walk crossing and uncrossing her legs bending slightly forward with her hands in her coat pockets probably to prevent from automatically holding herself.Her eyes were teary and red. I walked up to her and she said in a strained voice "do you need something?" I said "I'm sorry for knocking into you like that. I slipped on a wet part of the floor." She gasped as i hugged her and She said in a whisper "please not to tight...!" 

I nodded and released her gingerly and she sniffled and peeked a smile she strained to make. The fire turned out to be a kitchen stove fire. The firemen came out and they reported it safe and we all went to our classrooms. with still 5 minutes left. People were crowding at the door where usually the art teacher blocks it but i don't think assistant was about to do that. She was in the desk facing away from then holding herself with both hands. The time crawled by as i sat there. Miss a closed her eyes as the bell rang and i sighed getting up and she didn't move. I said "aren't you coming." She shook her head. She never did assist in 7th period art again.

