Working at a haunted house

Author: TVGuy

*000*2012-05-26 05:21

When I was in high school, I was offered the opportunity to work at a haunted house for a couple weeks leading up to Halloween. I grew up in a small town, and this was really the only haunted house in the area. Still, it had a reputation for being lame. For the high school students who were often hired to work there, it had a reputation for being a bad place to work- It hardly paid anything, the woman that ran the whole thing was not really up to the job, the whole thing lacked any sort of leadership or organization.

Still, after having read on the internet about how haunted houses presented great opportunities to witness pants wetting, I jumped at the opportunity to work there.

Now maybe haunted houses really are great places to witness accidents, but not at the one I worked at. It was in a old barn. We hung up some decorations, set up a strobe light and sound effects, and we would wear costumes and jump out at people and try to scare them. It didn't really work. Even little kids would start laughing about how not scary the whole experience was.

The woman who ran the haunted house was not happy with this reaction. She wanted a terrifying experience, not to be the joke of the town. To remedy the situation, she decided to motivate us with money. If we could make someone scream, $10. If someone insisted on leaving the haunted house early cause it was scary, $30. And, if we could get someone to wet their pants, $60.

We all tried to be scary, but really it didn't matter. The haunted house just wasn't that terrifying. Sometimes we could get a little scream out of someone here or there. If the boss lady was around when we did it, she would hand us $10, but it really wasn't that great.

At school, I explained the situation to a female friend of mine. She thought it was funny, but it would be some easy cash if you could get someone to pee in their pants. I agreed, but I explained it wasn't that easy. Then she came up with the idea- She would come to the haunted house that night, pay her $5 admission, I would jump out at her, she would act scared and pee, and we would split the $60.

It totally worked. By the time she found me in the haunted house she said she was about to pee in her pants anyway because she had been drinking so much Gatorade to make sure she could go. She didn't hesitate a second- Standing there in front of me she relaxed and soaked her jeans. When she left, she made sure to complain to the boss, who was collecting the money, about how bad I scared her.

That night after the haunted house closed the boss came to me with a huge smile on her face, hugged me, and gave me $60 which I split with my friend the next day at school.

My friend told other girl friends of hers how she made the extra $30. They came to me and asked if I could do the same. For the next week until Halloween I had a non-stop flood of my female classmates peeing in their pants in front of me for money. The boss thought I was some sort of terror genius.

The next year, based on my success, I was given the position of manager at the haunted house. We did an awesome job that year, we planned some very scary things. The reputation of the haunted house changed- no longer was it considered lame. The number of visitors we had went up by 600% from the year before. And, even though I didn't see it, I heard that there were even a couple of genuine fear induced pants wetting accidents.

The experience also taught me that girls would be willing to pee in their pants for money- and not even that much money. That was a huge part of what led me to start my website, HD Wetting, in the first place.

