Witnessing a girl in secondary school wet herself

Author: Subzerowater

*000*2013-08-01 15:28

Hi oromashi. I'm pretty new to this forum and read some interesting story's so I thought I should share one of the three experiences many years ago which I saw a girl wet herself( all 3 was the same girl btw).However, I will not mention her name for privacy reasons.

I remember so many years ago on the first day of secondary(high school for Americans and a few other countries). There were events planned for the new batch of students to bond together and everything was normal and fun... And it became more fun when I spotted a girl fidgeting around

Normally everyone would be quiet on their first day of school... But it's not the case since we were bonding together. The girl who was fidgeting was quiet and I do not know why until she began to pinch her crotch a little. It was then I realised she needed to pee

Hours passed.. She became more and more desperate. Then school ended and everyone was going home and that girl was desperately trying to find a toilet(its hard to find one in an unfamiliar environment and being in a rush), sometimes she ran through a toilet without realising she's there. I followed her to an empty corner in which she stopped and immediately crossed her legs and jammed her hands into her crotch. I could hear her saying "it's coming out soon.. I need to pee so bad". So she stayed there and I guessed she must be really really desperate. She squirmed,, having a worried look, legs crossed, hands jammed and only a short while left

Alas, I saw her... Wetting herself , a few spurts at first in which she began to cry . Still jamming her hands. A few minutes later she let it all go... From the crotch down from her skirt to her socks and shoes. She was really embarrassed and her face was red, not sure if from embarrassment or crying.

I initially was satisfied and thout of leaving.. But I know I would be a complete moron to leave her like this.. So I went to help her, going to the toilets to fetch a few tissues to help her a little. She thank me and we began to know each other. When she saw me at first she was really... And I mean really embarrassed , after helping her however. She became my first friend in secondary school.

That's all for now.. Sorry if I did not make it exciting enough.. I'm still new to this

*006*2013-08-02 05:30

Thanks for the support.. I will be writing the other 2 stories another time

