How long could i hold experiment turned into a messing experment

Author: Peepantsgirl1

*000*2013-02-27 21:49

I love holding my wee in for as long as i can so i did it the other day home alone but somthing turned in the expreiment so i thought i would share this with ormorashi

12:00

I had at least drunk 2 litres of coke and as my bladder is ridiculously weak i was bursting but i could go on for quite a bit longer.

12:30

And really struggling. Im aching a bit and im aiming for at least to hold it for an hour and a half.

1:00

I was really in a state i gad got my hand jammed between my crotch and bending over. I leaked a bit and again and again my knickers are now got a large spot on them and my tights have got a spec on them.

1:30

I was about explode i spurted and pee dribbled down my leg

My bladder was aching like hell

2:00

Cant hold

Leaked and now a spot is forming i look at the damage but it is hardly noticeable

2:10

Leaking quite a bit and my patch has grown. And i leaked a bit more i took a look at the damage but as i took my hand away i just exploded it rushed down my legs and it splashed on the floor my weehole was shoot pee out every where my bum was soaked my skirt had a large spot on it. I the. Noticed i needed a poo so instead of just going to the tiolet i experimented

Poo came out and a big brown stain formed on my tights and it was a quite a nice feeling the sqishy poo against my knickers but i would much rather just pee myself so i only have the wet warm feeling.

Hopeu enjoyed

Bye xxxx :)

*002*2013-02-28 16:27

Not really abog fan either

*004*2013-02-28 22:15

My knickes were a bright pink colour and were lacy

{{ 

Thanks so much!! brilliant post!! What knickers and tights were they?

}}

Grey thin tights

*007*2013-02-28 22:23

Just 4 u guys tomorrow i will find some time to make my self desprate in tights and lacy knickers and post it and i will not be pooing

*013*2013-03-01 19:33

{{ 

Will you be doing a video? I am looking forward to seeing the ones you mentioned in another thread. If it includes some desperation that would be awesome!

}}

I would love to post a video but i dont gave a camera :(

*014*2013-03-01 20:32

{{ 

Just 4 u guys tomorrow i will find some time to make my self desprate in tights and lacy knickers and post it and i will not be pooing

}}

Sorry guys i have taken so long it should be posted in a minute

*017*2013-03-23 22:12

Im ever so sorry that the post i promised took so long for me to type i had a power cut and it broke my computer

