My Friend Wetting in my Car

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-05-26 13:58

Hey guys and gals, something happened to me yesterday which I just loved so I thought I would share it with you guys.

The story begins a half past 3 yesterday afternoon. I was at college and because we are near the end of the year we don't have any taught lessons, we just have the time to get on with assignments. As there was not teacher in the room everyone was just talking and getting on with their work at their own pace. As it was a hot day everyone was drinking loads to keep cool. One of the girls in my class, Sophie, was sat opposite me and I couldn't help but look at her lovely tanned legs sticking out from under the table. 

She picked up her bottle of water and downed the contents. She then stood up and left the room. I carried on working and thought nothing of it. 5 minutes later she came back in with her bottle full of water and I realised she had gone to fill it up at the fountain. When she was stood up I could see all of her and she looked damn sexy today. Her long blonde hair was shimmering in the sunlight, her beautiful little body covered up with a red vest top and short denim shorts. She looked simply amazing. She sat back down and I carried on with my work.

About half an hour passed and I was slowly working my way through an assignment. I looked round the room and noticed Sophie's water bottle was half empty and because I have a dirty, omorashi corrupted mind I couldn't help but imagine all that water filtering its way into her bladder. As I thought of this I noticed she was tapping her foot and my mind thought maybe she needs a wee, but then I saw she had her headphones in and just assumed she was tapping along with the beat. I looked at the time, only 45 mins to go till we finish and I can go home and relax in the sunshine. 

I was starting to flag a little and decided to quit working on my assignment because it was starting to annoy me. I closed the work and opened Youtube and started watching music videos. I looked over at Sophie once again, running my eyes up and down her sexy legs and I noticed she had begun bobbing them up and down. I looked at her bottle and saw that it was empty and I now had a suspicion she may need a wee. The time passed and when it got to 10 to 5 I closed my laptop and put it away, packed my things in my bag then sat and waited till it was time to go.

I was watching Sophie bob her legs imagining she was doing it because she had to wee, but chances are she didn't. Our tutor came in and told us we can go. I stood up and headed towards the door. At this point I should point out that apart from a guy who is in his late 20's, I am the only person in my class that has a car and because I’m nice I give people a lift into town to the bus station and I work on a system of first come first serve for lifts although its usually the same four people. I walked round to the car park with Lucy and Jess who had asked me if they could have a lift earlier in the day. We got to my car and put our bags in the boot and as we were someone shouted my name

“GEM”....i looked round and saw James running up the path “can I have a lift please Gem”.

“course you can”

He got to the car, flung his bag in the boot and stood next to the car. I got in and then watched the daily fight of who gets to sit in the front seat. “neither of you can sit in the front” I said. “sophie's coming as well so you lot are in the back”. They got in and I pulled out of the space and waited for Sophie to come round. After a couple of minutes she came running up the path and jumped in the car. “phew, I thought id missed you guys”.

“we wouldn't leave without” I said.

“oh..i couldve gone then” she replied.

“what do you mean” asked James.

“i was gonna go to the loo but when I came out and saw you were gone I just ran straight round here”

“well if ya wanna go, we will wait” I told her.

“no its fine, I aint going all the way back down now”

We set off to head into the city centre to the bus station. We came to some traffic lights and I glanced down at Sophie's legs. She had them crossed at the bottom and was bobbing them up and down. Now I knew for sure she needed to wee my mind was racing. After getting stuck in evening traffic we arrived at the bus station and James, Lucy and Jess got out and headed inside. Sophie stayed in because she lives on my way home so I take her home. I was about to set off when I noticed her legs were still bouncing. “are you okay” I asked her.

“yeah im fine” she replied “i just need a wee” she said this and laughed.

“ you wanna go in the bus station and go to the loo, I will wait” I asked her.

“no its fine its not that bad”

We set off and as we were coming out of the city centre we once again got caught in the rush hour traffic. I was subtly glancing at her legs and she now had them tightly crossed and they were shaking like crazy. This was turning me on so much but I had to keep my concentration on driving. We slowly made our way through the traffic when suddenly she leant forward and rubbed her belly.

“whats up” I asked her.

“i....i...erm need to wee really bad, all that water I drank has caught up with me”

“how bad it it” I asked her.

“quite bad, I don't know how much longer I can wait, im about to wet myself”

When she said this my horniness grew and I could feel my pussy tingling, aching to be rubbed. “You can hold on hunny, were nearly there”. We drove on and I couldn't help but watch her legs bouncing about as she fought back the impending flood. We got out of the city centre and were about 5 mins from her house. She leant back in her seat and undid her shorts. She looked up at me and said “im sorry, they were pushing down on my bladder making it worse”.

“thats ok, I get like that sometimes, I know that undoing them will help”.

She put her hand on her crotch and started squeezing. If only she knew how much much I wanted to do the same, but for different reasons obviously. She softly began moaning under her breath and with each moan my horniness increased. As we were driving up the main road which her street turns off of she let out a little shriek. I looked round at her “whats wrong”

“im sorry gem”

“why whats up”

She pulled her hand away and on the front of her shorts was a little wet patch about the size of a tennis ball “it just came out, I managed to stop it but it was a lot and I kinda got your seat wet, im so sorry”

“its ok hun, you dont have to be sorry”

“yeah, but that was just a little bit, im gonna wet myself completely in a minute”

“just hold on hunny, we nearly there”

I pulled into her road and as we were driving down towards her house she shrieked again “hurry gemmy please, some more came out, I cant hold on”....I glanced down and saw her wet patch had grown. As much as I was turned on I felt sorry for her. I pulled up outside her house. “there ya go hunny”...she didnt move she just sat there. Then suddenly tears started running down her face.

“Sophie? Sweetie?”

“im so so so sorry gemmy” and as she said this I heard a hissing sound. I looked down and saw wee streaming from under her shorts and down her legs”. I just sat and watched as this beautiful girl completely soaked herself, I was in heaven. After about a full minute she the stream stopped and she just sat sobbing and saying over and over “im sorry, im so sorry”. I leaned over and without thinking about what I was doing put my hand on her leg. I stopped dead and looked at where my hand was. She didn't say anything. So I kept it there and said “dont be sorry hunny, it happens to all of us at some point, heck ive wet myself a few times, if only she knew how many.

“but I ruined your seat”

“course you haven’t, it can be cleaned, im not worried about my seat, im worried about you hunny”

“what am I gonna do, I cant go in looking like this, how am I going to explain this, I cant say I wet myself, I'm so embarrassed, its bad enough I did it front of you”

“you couldn't help it hunny and look I can sort this out for ya”

I reached into the back seat and pulled out a bottle of water. “im sorry I have to do this hunny”

“what”

I poured the water on her shorts, down her legs, on her top, some in her hair,

“what are you doing” she screamed

“dont you see, this way your completely wet and if your mum asks why just say you had a water fight, she will never know”

She looked up at me and said “you are a genius, thank you”....she got out of the car and I watched her walk up the path, watching her bum wiggling in her wet shorts. When she went inside I set off home, however as I was driving towards home the thought of what had just happened and the smell that was coming from the seat next to me was driving me insane...i couldn't take it any more. I pulled into the side of the road near some woodlands near my house, had a quick look round to see if anyone was about. When I saw there wasn't I slipped my hand up my skirt and began rubbing myself through my knickers. I leaned over and sniffed the seat, the smell of her hot sweet wee making me rub even harder. I intended just to rub myself to relieve the tingling in my clit but it felt so good I carried on.

Only the other day I discovered that masturbating in public turned me on so much and I had decided to try in different places. The very thought someone could walk past at any moment turned me on so much I just kept rubbing. I moved my knickers to the side and slipped my fingers inside my wet pussy and fingered myself fast and hard until I had a long, hard loud orgasm. If there were any people in the immediate vicinity they would have definitely heard me. After I recovered, I drove home and went and chilled in the garden just thinking about that moment all night.

FIN

Hope you guys enjoyed, ill see you soon with more of my adventures.

Gemmy Rose xxx

*014*2012-06-07 15:14

{{:

That was really hot!!! Did you rub the seat and then use the same hand to masturbate with? That's what I would have done.

}}

I did...i got my hand all wet with her wee then rubbed myself with it...it felt awesome

