My ex girlfriend's bed wetting

Author: Nicky-A

*000*2014-04-12 10:22

So this is the second story about my now ex girlfriend who I´ll call Jenny. The last time I wrote a story we wrote it together as we still dated back then and now I´m writing this on my own.

Jenny is really thin, about 170 cm tall, blonde with small breasts.

Still, my english is far from perfect and let´s hope that i don´t screw anything up badly with the grammar or spelling.

So my ex used to do a lot of things related to peeing, both when I was around her and when I was not. This time we had been fighting and so we decided that she should stay at her parents place for a while (she´s 18 and lived at my apartment for the whole of our relationship). So she went to stay at her parents house but was really upset and said she felt guilty for us fighting,

I said it was my fault too but the wanted to make up for it so I asked her how she would do that.

"I´ll pee the bed" She said

"Well of course you can do that when you come back to staying with me" I said

"No, I mean here, at my parents place. I´ll drink a shitload of water then go to sleep, when I wake up if I haven´t peed in my sleep I will just pee all over the bed and then go inside my parents room and tell them what I´ve done."

NOW this got me excited as fuck. I pictured her parents reaction when their 18 year old girl went into their room telling them that she wet the bed.

So we chatted for a wile when she tells me that she needs to pee so bad that she needs to sleep now (luckily for me she´s very good at falling asleep when she needs to pee).

So I also fall asleep and the next morning I wake up by her texting me saying that she just wet the bed and told her parents.

Apparently she had walked into her parents room with the pee drenched pink cotton panties she had slept in and told them. Her mother got up and saw the accident, she did not get mad and told here that it could have happened to anyone.

So that was the story of my ex peeing the bed. I will probably post more stories later telling you about more of my ex´s peeing adventures.

*002*2014-04-12 11:28

I got some pictures from that bedwetting. We went on dating for about another year and during that time she slept at her parents house for like 2 days a week and wet her bed over there for like 5 or 6 times more and once I got a video of her peeing the bed.

*004*2014-04-12 15:00

Yeah I understand that it would be interesting for a lot of people here to see videos and pictures but she strictly told me that I had to promise never uploading the things she filmed and when I make a girl a promise I keep it. So thanks for you understanding :)

So yeah I´m glad to tell more and share my experience of a two year relationship involving a lot more of this.

We actually experimented with trying to get her to develop an actual bedwetting problem but we failed. Sometime she would wake up as she was peeing and run up to the toilet with pee running down her legs and one time she actually peed some in her sleep and then woke up

*006*2014-04-13 13:34

It´s sad those wonderful relationships don´t last forever :/

