Flooding the Car Park

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-12-29 23:45

Last night we went to see Star Wars the Force Awakens (no spoilers in this story) and afterwards I had some fun with my girlfriend Alice….

When Star Wars came out we decided to wait until after Christmas to go and see it for two reasons. Mainly because we were busy getting ready for Christmas and also to wait until it wouldn’t be as busy at the cinema. Over Christmas we have been busy and on Sunday we spent all day helping clean up the damage left when our town flooded so yesterday we decided not to do anything at all and enjoy a day off. We spent all day relaxing at home and then Matty suggested we go and see Star Wars in the evening which we happily agreed to as I keep seeing things all over the internet and I needed to see it before I saw something that would be a spoiler. My sister and her bf said they would go see it another day and our friends were busy so it meant just me, Alice and Matty were going.

When we go to the cinema we always go to late viewings that start around 11 pm. We do this as the cinema is quieter and it means there are no children that are annoying. Before hand we decided to go out and get some dinner so we got ready and went out about 8 o’clock so that we could go to our favourite pub for food before they stopped serving. We had our food and played pool for a while before we set off to the cinema. When we got there we bought our tickets and then went to the concession stand and got some popcorn to share and each of us got a 44oz cup. There was some time until the screening time but when we asked the guy at the ticket stand he said it was fine for us to go in. As we walked down the corridor towards our screen I decided to go to the toilet as I faintly needed to go and I didn’t want to leave during the movie.

Alice took my drink off me and I went to pee. When I came back she was sat waiting and she said Matty had gone to the loo. I took my drink off her and asked if she was going and she said she didn't need to go so we just waited for Matty. When he came back we went into the screen and went and sat on the back row. By the time the lights came down and the adverts began there were only about 20 people in the screen which we liked. Usually I finish my drink before the film even starts but having had drinks at dinner I wasn’t that thirsty so for once it lasted me. The adverts and trailers were about 20 minutes and then the film started.

About halfway through the film I finished off my drink and about 15 minutes later I heard the gurgling sound of Alice finishing her drink. As she put the cup down she whispered “I shouldn’t have drunk that so fast, I need a wee now”. I didn’t think anything of it until about 20 minutes later when there was a funny scene. We all laughed and she said “oh I really need a wee and that's not helping”. I giggled and then noticed that her legs were bouncing and I know that when her legs do that she is getting desperate and that thought turned me on. As time went on I kept glancing at her legs bouncing and wondered how desperate she was getting. Another hour passed and judging by the events of the film and the run time it was getting near the end. When it got to the very final scene and it was obvious it was ending any minute she shuffled forward on her seat and fidgeted on her butt and muttered under her breath “come on...come on….come on”.

When the credits started she jumped up and said “thank god, I’m dying for a wee”. She went to walk away and I pulled her down and said “you can’t go yet what if there is an after credit scene”. She sat back down and said “yeah, anyway we always stay till the end of the credits”. She sat on the edge of her seat bouncing and suddenly my arousal took over and I decided to be naughty. I leaned over and whispered “who says I am even going to let you pee”. She looked round shocked and then her shock turned to arousal and she said “please can I go for a wee”. I smiled at her and said “well I would have let you go but you were going to go without asking my permission so because of that you can wait”. She smiled cheekily and went back to bouncing.

When the credits finished she stood up and crossed her legs tightly and said “please let me go pee, my bladder is so full”. I winked at her and told her no. She moaned and slipped her jacket on and then we walked out of the screen. As we walked past the toilets she moaned and I grabbed her hand and led her away. We walked out of the cinema and when the cold air hit her she grabbed her crotch and moaned I leaned over and asked “what's wrong baby”. She glared at me and said “before I was busting for a pee but now i'm stood up and walking I’m nearly wetting myself. My eyes widened knowing she was so desperate. A small part of me thought about letting her go back inside to pee but the rest of me was getting so turned on and I knew she was loving it.

We walked around the corner and went inside the multi storey car park where we were parked and Matty went up the stairs whilst me and Alice waited for the lift. Now that we were alone and there was nobody around to see her she was pee dancing like crazy. Watching her sexy legs wrap around each other was so hot and listening to her beg for the lift to come was driving me crazy. When it came we went inside and she frantically pressed the button for our floor and it set off. She suddenly gasped and watched as a trail of pee slowly snaked down her legs. Another followed...and another then they stopped, for a moment. She thought she had regained control but then suddenly there was a splashing sound as she started spurting all over the floor. I looked at her and told her she had better stop it and she jammed her hand against her pee hole and squeezed tight. 

After a few more spurts escaped she managed to stop them but now she was dancing like crazy and moaning that she was about to burst. There was now a small puddle on the floor and I told her to show me her knickers. She reluctantly took her hand away and showed me the wet patch on the front of her red knickers. She immediately grabbed herself again and danced until we reached our floor. We walked across the car park towards our car and when we got there matty wasn't’ there. I checked my phone and he had texted me saying he was going to the shop.

I was going to let her pee before we got in the car to head home but now I had more time to have fun with her. We were parked in the corner space so we were near the door and now this had an advantage as we could stand behind the car so we were out of view of anyone else in the car park. To anyone looking at us it just looked like we were looking out admiring the view. She stood in front of me dancing and doing everything to keep her pee hole closed and she kept having leaks which looked so hot running down her legs. Watching her was making me so horny and my pussy desperately wanted attention so I decided to give her a game. I told her I would let her pee as soon as she made me cum. Before I could even react she stood close to me and her hand slid down the front of my jeans and into my knickers. I gasped as her fingers made contact with my throbbing clit and she teased me.

Her fingers in my pussy and her moans of desperation soon had me on edge and I was holding back but she was way too sexy and I was getting dangerously close to cumming. I slid my fingers into her knickers and moaned each time her pussy spurted pee all over them. I managed to hold back for a few minutes but suddenly she moaned and said “I can’t hold it anymore, I’m about to burst and pee all over your fingers”. I knew I was about to cum and whispered “so am I”. Before she could say anything I let go and released my bladder all over her hand and the sudden warmth and shock made her lose control and she soaked my hand. Seconds after I started peeing my pussy exploded with pleasure and she kissed me to stop me from moaning out loud. We stood there kissing as we emptied our bladders all over each other and only stopped when we were empty. She smiled at me and then lifted her fingers and sucked them moaning as she did.

She looked down at my jeans soaked from top to bottom in the mixture of our pee and giggled. We stood making out until Matty got back and when he did he looked at the puddle on the floor then at my pee soaked jeans and just nodded as this kind of thing is pretty much standard for us. I got in the car and before she did she slid her pee soaked knickers off and handed them to him. He inhaled the lovely scent of her arousal and pee and groaned happily. I spent the journey home with my fingers up her skirt teasing her and when we got home the three of us made the most of our wet clothes and heightened arousal.

Writing this I now realise this I will forever associate that film with this moment of naughtiness so everytime I watch it in the future I will become aroused. I will not look at BB8 the same way again :p

