Road Trip [Picture]

Author: Guest Britney

*000*2014-06-19 18:00

Hey guys! I guess it's been a long time since I made my last post. Well, I just had a lot of personal stuff to take care of, but I want to share with you a recent experience of mine. You might call it an accident....I didn't plan on wetting myself, only hold it for a while, but I ended up losing control.

Here goes:

I had been waiting for that day for a while....me and my friends had planned on going on a whole day road trip for a few weeks, and it was finally time to put the plan in action. I had even decided what clothes to wear a week before the day. I went with a white tanktop and a mini-skirt (I usually don't wear skirts, but I saw this one a while ago, and it had the perfect yellow for the summer...).

So, at 10 a.m. my friends came to pick me up. I quickly finished ironing my hair and rushed into the car. We were going to have a lot of fun. Before we left town we got ourselves some milkshake. After a while on the road we were getting thirsty. We went inside the next convenience store we found and bought some soda, which we all consumed in a flash.

Not too long after we reached our first destination. A town a bit south from the city where we live. And we were on time, it was just about noon. We found a restaurant and had some tasty "Lunch Steak" that was offered there...and with it we of course had soda. After the meal I went to the toilet for the only time that day....but surprisingly nobody else did...maybe because they went to the toilet before leaving...which I had not done...this was my first trip to the toilet that day, and little did I know it would be my last.

We had a lot of fun after that, checked some museums, went for a walk in a beautiful park that was there and then, after two hours we went back to drive to the next destination. In those two hours I had drank surprisingly much, probably because the sun was hot.

At our next destination we had some more to eat, and the girls went for the toilet afterwards....I probably should have too...but I didn't feel like waiting in line for 10 minutes since my urge wasn't really that bad, and I was in the mood for holding it in a bit.....hadn't taken a risky pee-holding for a while. There was not much to do in that town we were in, so we didn't stop for long.

The trip to the next destination was a long one....we were going to see some geysers....none of us had seen one except me, and at that time I had just been a little girl. As we were driving my urge to pee got bigger. I have a strong bladder though, so I was able to hold it in easily. We stopped at the geysers for a while...only making my need to pee become worse. I still decided to check how far I could go without going to the bathroom, so I did not go for a wee there either. By that time the clock was 5 p.m. (I am obviously skipping some parts, no need to tell the whole trip in details). Now there was only 3 hours drive home. (with a few stops here and there).

We started to head home. That 3 hour drive felt like 10 hours. I had not planned on wetting myself that day, but I was getting pretty desperate. After 30 minute drive I was holding it pretty badly...but still not making it obvious. I decided to let out a little leak...to ease the pain. It felt so good, the small wet spot on my light-blue panties. I crossed my legs to hide it. After a while we had to drive on a bit bumpy road, which turned out quite unfortunate for me. I managed to hold it in for quite a while until there came a huge bump and a little spurt found it's way into my panties. I looked at the clock....only an hour had passed and my panties were already really wet.

Another hour went by without any more spurts, and my panties were starting to dry. Only one hour left. I kept on talking to the girls acting completely natural, and I don't really know why, but when we stopped at a shop on our way, I decided to not go to the bathroom. I felt like I needed to prove to myself that I could really hold it out all the way home....after all only about an hour of driving left. I decided to not have another soda like the rest of the girls, but I did (which was tremendously stupid of me) buy a powerade, to ease my thirstiness. 

I finished it up way to quickly and not too long time had passed until that powerade backfired and made my urge A LOT worse. I kept on with my poker face and continued to talk with my friends. Suddenly one of my friends tells this hilarious joke which makes everyone, me included, burst out laughing, but I didn't laugh for long...since it made some more pee get out and wet my newly dried panties. Luckily it wasn't a lot....only a little spurt. And only 30 minutes left!

The rest of the driving home went on pretty smoothly, I didn't have any more spurts. When we finally arrived back in the city I felt a boost of confidence....I would be able to make it home safely....or so I thought. I lived really close to the one driving the car so she drove me home the last. I felt I would not be able to stand up from my seat without peeing myself, so I had decided to let out a little spurt the moment I stood up, then regain control right after. Bad idea. I stood up from my seat and loosened my muscles to let out a few drops, which ended up as a little more than just a few drops.

When I had stood up I quickly tried to regain control, but it was too late. The pressure that came on the bladder when I stood up was too much...I felt my panties fill and how warm my crotch became. Luckily I was wearing a skirt so it wasn't really visible. I managed to slow the pee down though, so a puddle didn't form below me while my friend was still there. She was in a hurry so she didn't notice how awkward I looked when I said goodbye to her. When she drove away I loosened my grip and just let the pee flow. Embarrassed at myself I walked inside my home and changed clothes. I was lucky enough that nobody was home....mom was working late and dad was at a pub watching the World Cup (In soccer).

That's all :D Hope you enjoyed reading.

A few pics of my panties after I came home:

