Ex's public desperatino and (small) wetting

Author: xoomer1234

*000*2013-10-07 23:45

Every girlfriend I had, had tried some wetting/holding for me, but just one time I assisted one of them having a public accident. We were both 19 at the time, we met during our 2nd year of university and we started a relationship.

After 1 month I told her my fetish and she didn't really mind. She sometime wet for me and she said that she was enjoying the whole thing, mostly because she could easily tell I was getting aroused with ease during the "shows".

Anyway, we used to spend a lot of time together after lessons, maybe going for lunch in some restaurant and one day we got to a restaurant (a japanese one) that was quite far away from our university: 30-35 minute walk. It was nothing unusual, we used to walk a lot around the city, spending time in the parks and such... teenager lovers stuffs, nothing out of the ordinary.

After we eat at the japanese restaurant she said to me that she should have gone to pee because she now starts to feel the urge. I told her to go, but she said she would be fine until we get back to the main university building.

She was wearing a short white dress that ends above her knees, showing her legs (she was 1.75m tall and slim), it was during end of spring, the weather started to get really hot and that was a sunny day.

We started walking our way back and she showed no sign of desperation until we were 10 minutes away from the building. She said something like "I really have to pee now, I should have gone before". I don't really remember the words, but I was now aware that she was desperate. She then looked at me and said (I really remember that words tho): "You like it right?" and smiled.

I was obviously liking the whole situation, that was totally unexpected and unplanned and at the time she never wet for me, so I was astonished, stunned.

I answered her that I was getting aroused, but in my mind I didn't really know how to lead this. I was young, I knew her for just some months and I was totally unprepared, silly me!

We passed right in front of a McDonalds and I told her she could go there if she was really desperate, but she said "I can hold it". At this date I can't tell if she was enjoying the whole situation (and how I was aroused) or she thought that she actually could hold it for 10 more minutes, but I love to think that it was for the first reason.

We kept walking for a couple of minutes, hand in hand, when she stopped.

"Please, don't leak..." she whispered

She started walking again without looking at me, this time she probably understood that she was really at her limit.

During those fantastic (for me) last 5 minutes of walking in the crowded street, she kept squeezing my hand, whispering "I can't hold it" "ho, no, please, no" and similar sentences, stopping 2-3 more times.

When we finally reached the main building she run into the toilet, while I, stunned, was watching some pee drops going down on her legs. When she came back she took me to a hidden spot and told me "check my panties, I think I forgot to dry them", smiling with a look I won't forget.

I put my hand under her dress, feeling very damp panties.

She kept looking at me, with her arms around me, "I forgot to dry them after all the leaking before, did it make me a good or a bad girlfriend?".

The only sad part: we couldn't do more, since she had to go back home, but I think I'll never forget that day!

