Bedtime Desperation

Author: Diesel

*000*2011-01-30 06:44

I was inspired by "right this very second" to lay in bed and enjoy desperation. I imagine no one is on right now, but I'll keep my imaginary forum-mates posted. (･_･;

It's around 1:40 am over here, and I'm squirming around under my covers. I'm using my iPod to post, as I do almost everytime I do anything over here. The heat from my covers is making me sweat alot into my favorite t-shirt. I don't think I could jump out of bed once I was about to lose control. I don't want to imagine that, it's making it impossible for me to hold it. But oh, Jashin, I'm like a fish out of water, flopping and doing pelvic thrusts in place. The dark is terrifying me. I swear my solar powered lamp is out to get me. (~_~;) -looks over shoulder-

*002*2011-01-30 07:06

I am currently moving my ass in circular motions, hoping to settle down my desperate need to potty. It's not working so I'm resorting to the basic leg cross and thigh press, as if I hold my crotch, I won't be able to type. I can feel the pee rushing to my pee hole, whatever that's called, and begging for an exit. I think sweating has helped empty my bladder somehow, as the waves of desperation are getting smoother. My squirming increased after this last urge hit me, strong and threatening to escape. I'm so confused as to what I should do. I could try and escape to he bathroom across the hall, or wait here in pleasurable strife? I wish someone was on the forums. They could advise me. (>_<)

*004*2011-01-30 07:24

I'm not alone! -breaks into song-

Oh my Jashin, this is so awful. But it's also so arousing. My crotch is getting a firm press at very scone. If I move one leg, I'll spurt. I can't spurt cause I'm in bed. If I do, I'll kick myself, causing me to pee more. I'm jiggling up and down now, it helps me keep it in. My music is skipping, which is slightly scaring me. Trust me, while litening to death metal you don't want it to skip. I'm so sweaty, it's bit funny. I swear, my butt is sweating right now, which isn't helping my situation. Oh this hurts. Pain...pleasure...more pain...biscuits.

*006*2011-01-30 07:36

I don't know what I'm gonna do. If I get up, I pee, but there is the slightest chance I might make it. If I stay here, I'll definitely have an accident.

I'm listening to my music, and when Los Angeles by Counting Crows came on, I was squirming to the beat, and I had my first spurt. I was petrified and then I went back to squirming. It was so sudden. I don't think I can get up. I'm scared that if I do,some evil thing under my bed will garb my ankle and pull me under. I wasn't scared until I typed that. Oh how I hate the dark. Oh, Jashin, I can't take this must longer...-long, quiet, moan-

*009*2011-01-30 07:48

I don't wanna look to see. I don't know if I could see it in this light anyways. Plus, the boxers I'm wearing make it almost impossible to see if they're wet. If I had to guess, I'd say half a dollar bill.

I need biscuits. They're dry. Think dry thoughts. Not...oh...waterfalls...and...rivers...busting dams...and giraffes! <~ my thought process throughout this

This is too much for me. I can't hold it much longer. I can't get up either. If I do, I'll surely wet myself. Maybe if I take it slow. Or I could wait till I sweat all of it out? Jashin, I need a better holding technique. Squirming can't cut it anymore. I'm throbbing down there, not helping me.

I can picture a boy, whispering into my ear about the waterfalls and garden hoses.

*013*2011-01-30 08:02

I'm wearing some red plaid boxers, and a baggy brown t-shirt that says "do not disturb" if I remember correctly.

Turning on a light means alerting everyone in the house that I'm up. And if someone sees I'm up, they'll get suspicious.

It's sad how "stand in the RAIN" just came on. I'm so angry at my playlist right now. Really, RAIN?! I can't keep this up. I wanna let it go right here, in my bed. But if I do, badness will happen. But if I get up, oh my, the flood that would take place would be devastating. My squirming is helping yo some extent. I wonder what would happen if I stayed still for a bit?

- stays still with legs spread apart -

1 second later...

That was a BAD idea. I spurted twice. My poor boxers, taking so much abuse. Jashin, my bed must be drenched in sweat. It's all wet and uncomfy. My butt is wiggling for comfort. The songs that play have good beats so I can wiggle to those. I wonder if toilets like drinking pee? Thunk biscuits. Think biscuits. Don't think of te time you high tailed those ducks. Or attempted to. Dam! (shit! D:) You thought about it!

*016*2011-01-30 08:13

I'm making big ovals with my butt to the beat of Let's Do It (Let's Fall in Love) which is currently playing. Oh how I love that song. But we just got to he line about goldfish. And then mosquitoes. Then educated fleas! Gasp! I bring my knees up to my chest while I make the ovals. Now it's about oysters in oyster bay! That boy is still there. But now he's encouraging to let it out. Offering me my weight in plushies if I do. But he doesn't exist. I hope so. I'm squirming so much. It's so painful. My bladder is aching. Oh, it's been 5 hours since I've peed. Ignore him. Think biscuits. Think biscuits.

*018*2011-01-30 08:23

I'm cursing myself for waiting this long. Sure, it feels so good, but I'm sure it's not healthy. I realized that the boy I keep imagining has a familiar voice, from my favorite anime. I know who it is now. I'm goig to let you guess. No clues fo- oh, Jashin, that one hurt! Pain! My bladder is bring a meanie. It's demanding a potty -achoo! Dammit, that another few spurts. It hSnt leaked onto my bed yet...I noticed, I never get to finish what I'm saying anymore. Ouchies. I'm all throbby down there. Pain. Giraffes. Pain. Pein! (lol, naruto x3)

*021*2011-01-30 08:25

{{:

I need to go a litle now.. and im daebateing on doing just this rite after diesel's done... who wants me to?.. lol, and how you doing there sely?

(care about the name? o.o)

}}

Sely? :/ I'm clueless. (in background: waterfalls, garden hoses) go for it, Dess! :3

*022*2011-01-30 08:31

I realized that I was listening to the same song over and over; When it Rains. Why do I have so many songs about rain?! Fork me. >=P Anywho, Thomas, my beloved Teddybear, is all like "Go pee, Diesel!" and I'm all like "Eff you, Thomas!" and then (while I'm frantically squirming) WE (the council in my head) are all like "Thomas is right Diesel. Go potty, NOW!"

I hate WE, but they're usually right. Im gonna nice to you guys and keep holding, though it's unbearable.

*024*2011-01-30 08:38

I appriciate your attempt to give me a nickname, and I thank you for not calling me "Diey"!

I have to go potty, NOW! I'm going to attempt to walk casually to the bathroom across the hall. I'll take my iPod with me, updating you on how long I pee. I'm sure I'll be there a while.

