An Amazing Sighting

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-05-31 12:11

I'm sorry if this is a repost - I'm new here and I didn't see my post appear on the board on my first attempt yesterday. I had the most amazing sighting Friday night and just had to share it here. I attended a reception at the local art center. After viewing the art pieces and help my self to the refreshments I took a seat on a bench in the middle of the gallery. I happen to know one of the women who help run the events at the art center. At this particular show, a friend of hers showed up that I've never seen before. This new woman was very pretty with a red dress on that showed her prefect legs, open hard soled shoes (not heels), and red hair cut in a cute pixie style. The two women, joined by two of their friends, were standing near me talking to each other. What caught my attention, was that this red-haired girl from the moment she arrived could not stand still.

She kept crossing her legs tightly and then uncrossing them again. She would lean forward as she crossed her legs. She would lift one leg up and press her knee against her thigh, and then repeat the maneuver with her other leg. She was clearly trying to put pressure on her crotch to hold her bladder. This went on for half an hour and the whole time her hard-soled shoes were clicking on the bare wood floor as she squirmed. Finally, my friend leaned over and whispered something to the red haired girl, who replied in the affirmative with a giggle. I believe my friend was asking her if she had to piss, because my friend turned the others and they decided to go up stairs to the office that overlooks the gallery.

As they turned to head there, I heard my friend tell the others "she's gonna piss"! I'm pretty sure the red haired girl did not use the restroom before they went up there. Unfortunately, the office was not very visible from the floor and although I thought I heard the word piss and some giggling, that was all I was able to observe. I had to leave to catch my bus home soon after and do not know what happened later. (Story of my life (groan!) I always get glimpses of women who are fidgeting and doing the pee dance, but never get so see them actually wet themselves.) I believe the red-haired was holding on purpose in order to have a deliberate uncontrollable accident later. This is not surprising to me as the last few years has seen a fad of deliberate pee accidents become very popular among women in this area.

