Relationship Update

Author: HappyFaceXD

*000*2014-01-28 23:48

I recently opened up to my girlfriend about my desperation fetish and she was completely understanding saying something like "i could see how someone would be into that". She already knows about my diaper, tickling, and bondage fetish so she didn't really think much of it. She started a new job recently so i asked her if she had any desperation stories and sadly she had nothing to mention. My girlfriend lives out of town from me so it can be hard to see each other but i was visiting last weekend and we did some crazy stuff.

We went out to town, had drinks and dinner. Over the time we were out, about 5 hours in the first hour she said "she had to pee" in a seductive way knowing that it would turn me on. When we reached her place still holding from before I promptly helped her take off her shoes and jacket then brought her back to her room giving her no time to use the bathroom. We started making out/foreplay slowly stripping our cloths off. Eventually we were naked and i asked if i could tie her up (she knows i like bondage, i told her awhile ago and she went out and got this non sticky bondage tape that sticks to itself) anyways i used that to tie her up and blindfold her.

We had sex and the whole time i was saying things like "i know you have to pee"

"you better hold it for me" or similar things. She was quite and shy but eventually she said "i cant hold it anymore" playing along with my role-play. After sex i kept her tied up for a little bit and pressed on her bladder teased her saying "I don't think i will ever let you go" or "you better hold it for me". I untied her from the bed headboard but kept her hands tied together and blindfolded. Then made her stand to watch her close her legs and squirm, pressing on her bladder. I was living out my fantasies i had had since i could remember it was surreal. She started to get serious tho saying "i really have to go" so i led her to the washroom unbound her and set her down. She relieved herself and when she came back to the bedroom she enthusiastically said "that was fun".

Now that i knew she was cool with it the next morning i hadn't had enough so I turned her on by making out and touching her breasts and ass. Again i blindfolded her, tied her hands together then to the metal headboard. However, this time i made her drink two full glasses of water while bound. This took some time as i had to feed her the water which was a slow procedure as i didn't want to choke her. Then we had sex and after i didn't let her go but this time she had to go alot worse then before, i could tell.

She was really squirming and complaining a little but still enjoying it. I pushed on her bladder occasionally, teased, and role-played. Made her stand again although this time she was way more desperate and begged me to let her pee. When we got to the washroom the fun wasn't over I turned the tap on and kept her standing she laughed a little and said something like "really, i need to go babe" in a tone that she was having fun but she really did need to go badly. I sat her down on the toilet but kept her bound this time and you could hear the hissing and the relief on her face as she let it all out. It was a really intense torrent of piss.

Afterward in the bed she said her bladder hurt a little bit and i felt a little sorry for her and asked her if i took it a bit too far but she said it was fine and fun. I said for next time we need to have a safe word you can used incase I get out of hand.

Hope you enjoyed reading my weekend experience!

*001*2014-01-29 06:57

I should mention i am so lucky to have found such a wonderful girl that isn't afraid to explore my sexual desires. I feel so lucky to have found her and to believe i met her drunk downtown, haha its hard to believe! I just hope i can get a job in her city for my co-op then we could be together for next semester since the long distance is hard on relationships.

