Anecdotes of my ex - Doing the dishes

Author: gus74

*000*2013-06-12 03:33

The most frequent way that my ex used to get desperate (and sometimes pee for me) was doing the dishes. The water running over her hands was too much for her, and it was usual to see her crossing and shifting her legs while washing:

(As you can imagine, I liked a lot to see her doing the dishes ).

Usually when she peed herself in front of the sink it was planned, I mean, sometimes I asked her to try to hold it, knowing that almost certainly she wouldn't be able to do it. But sometime I got surprises as well. The next story happened half a year after the last incident I told you.

It was the evening of a normal day. I was at the computer when I heard her calling me from the kitchen. When I ask her what she needs, she tells me "come here, and hurry".

When I get to the kitchen I find her sitting on the floor, cross legged. I ask her what happened, and she says "I can't move". Knowing her I immediately understand what she means. She was ill and told by the doctor to drink a lot of water, and forgot to go pee before beginning to cook, and the urge caught her short. Now she couldn't move without losing it.

"Bring me a towel" she tells me, and I hurry to the bathroom. Any other day she would've tried to get to the bathroom, but our young daughter was playing with a friend in her room, and she didn't wanted them to see her walking with small steps to the bathroom, trying not to pee herself (or worse, walking to the bathroom while peeing her pants).

I come back with the towel and after closing the door behind us; I place it in the floor behind her. "Here you have" I tell her, and she crawls until she sits over the towel, still with her pants on. Then I see the trash can, that it's empty since a few minutes earlier I took the trash out, and say "why don't you pee here?" while putting the trash can next to her. She says "ok" and after taking two deep breaths, she rises from the floor and sits over it. "Aren't you going to take off your pants?" I ask, but she replays "I can't, it's too late" and I hear her pee hissing and splashing inside the trash.

Luckily for you all, I grabbed the camera along with the towel, so I was able to take a series of pictures to prove my words.

Gus

