Pee Challenge

Author: notwhoyouthink

*000*2013-12-31 13:12

Ok. So i tried to do the pee challenge and I'm here to tell a short story of my results. I was wearing athletic shorts and navy boxer briefs. I started out the challenge at probably 2/10. I went ahead and drank the 500mL of water and went on through the first two challenges fine. I went ahead and did "hardcore mode" and drank some more water (i didn't have a lot of time). By the time I got to the challenge of relaxing your bladder for 30 seconds I was at a solid 6/10 and that challenge proved to be difficult. I relaxed all of my muscles and then my bladder. I could fell my bladder let go and the pee start to edge closer to my shaft. I really thought I might lose a bit here but I didn't.

I reached 30 seconds and immediately clenched my muscles hard. I was now easily at a 8/10. I went through another short video and was bursting to go. TIme was running up for me so I decided to be really overkill and drink 750mL of water. I was squirming and really desperate now (I must also mention I was rock hard by now due to arousal and my need to go). Up came a challenge that would take up to 30 minutes that I didn't have so I improvised and relaxed my bladder again for 30 seconds. Right off the bat a small spurt came out and dampened the front of my underwear. I somehow made it through that and on to the next challenge. I was siting right at 10/10 and needed to pee very badly.

The next challenge was running the tap for 5 minutes. Due to my time restraints and need to go I decided to use the shower instead and turn it on very cold. I stripped down to my underwear and stepped in the shower and adjusted the shower head to not hit me but I could feel the water collecting at my feet. At this point I was constantly struggling to hold back the incoming flood. I dipped my foot into the ice cold water and that was all she wrote. My bladder contracted hard and I couldn't hold it back. Pee just shot out of me immediately soaking my underwear and and then running down my thighs and legs. I peed for a good minute or so. It was such immense relief.

This was my first story and I hope you guys/gals enjoyed! I'm going to try this pee challenge again someday when I have more time. I'll try and write again when I do!

Sincerely,

The Rev

