The Cutest Girl in the world

Author: SaintyBat

*000*2012-05-21 12:21

My adorable little girlfriend whom i love with all my heart both knows about and loves my wetting fetish, and she enjoys using her pee in various ways to try to turn me on but the first time she ever wet herself in fron of me it was much more an accident than on purpose. We were with a bunch of our friends and it was a quiet warm day. She looked at me and said "hey Bat (she calls me bat as a nickname) i have to pee." i said ok then go pee"not thinking much of it because i dont really pay attention to my fetish unless it is obvious you are trying to use it. She sais "but we are busy" and justkept sitting. this went on for a couple hours and her answer was always the same, she didnt wanna go and miss out on friends. 

Eventually much later she was bursting and hopping around and everything else but she refused to go, insisting she could hold it and that she really just didnt wanna miss time with our friends we never get to see. About 10 minutes later she was dying and our friends had to hit the grocery store. She and I opted to stay behind. They walked out and she turned and ran for the bathroom, about half way there she squealed and i went to check if she was ok, she turned and faced me and was bright red. she said "bat, im peeing my pants". after that she stood for a second and then turned as if to try to make it to the bathroom still.

There was a big wet mark on her crotch and it was quicklyspreading up her butt and down her sexy legs. it got everywhere and her pants were absolutely soaked in warm pee. there was no stopping it, and it was the hottest thing ever. She finished peeing and took her jeans off and looked at her panties and then sorta giggled. she was bright red and obviously super embarassed, but she was thecutest thing in the world. I told her how cute and sexy it was thst she wet herself and not to worry about impressing me or anything that im safe and i like pee anyway. she smiled and we went off and had some.....well ;) time

*003*2012-05-22 02:37

I'm glad you guys think so. i love my girlfriend she is so amazing in every way. I see youre both doctor who fans, which is super cool! i love doctor who as well! anyways, now sometimes she wets on accident and sometimes she will wet just to turn me on and stuff but all in all she is really cute. im so lucky to have such an amazing girl, so accepting of my fetish and other absurdities. believe it or not she thought pee was sorta gross when we met and now she loves it lol. anyways maybe ill type up some more of her wetting stories and post them here, both purposeful and accidental. shes so cute and im super lucky

