Scared by a mouse and peed her cute undies

Author: jtlovespee

*000*2011-09-16 20:01

Hi All. I'm new here but I have a bunch of real stories that have happened to me and ones I've witnessed with some girls in my life over the last few years.

Let me begin by describing my girlfriend at the time. It was about 4 years ago when we dated. She was the cutest thing. Just under five feet tall, super fit, killer booty. So we go on a nice date, dinner then ice cream in the park. She was driving me nuts all night with this white cotton short skirt. A couple times during the afternoon I was able to catch the slightest flash of pink panty when she was sitting across from me. From what I had seen, they were cotton with little pink hearts on them. She had the kind of legs that a runner had. Smooth, firm, and toned.

Because it was a hot day, we had both been drinking a bunch of water to stay hydrated. After we had our ice cream in the park, she asked if we could go back to her house and watch some TV and relax for a while. I asked if she wanted to take a ride around town first and she abruptly said, "no Joe, I actually have to pee from all that water and there is no where to go around here, so let's go to my house now." She had that look in her eyes that showed me she was seriously filled to the brim. I hadn't noticed, but she had been sitting on her foot, as to not show how badly she had to go. I said ok lets go! She had no idea that I was insanely turned on by her having to pee and wearing the cutest little outfit. So we got in the car and began to drive back to her house.

We didn't talk much on the 15 minute drive back to her house. She kept her answers short, I assumed in an effort to concentrate on not letting any drips out in her cute panty. That changed when I hit a small hole in the road that shook the car. She said "Jesus Joe, I'm peeing my pants over here, try not to hit anymore bumps."

Now I was curious. Had a squirt escaped into her panty when the car shook. I said "Babe, did you pee at all yet? Try to hold on, we're almost there." She said, "I don't know, I might have a little, I don't want to look. Just keep driving."

By this time, I could barely contain myself. Good thing she wasn't paying any attention to me and only to her situation. We were 2 minutes from home and she was obviously urgent. Bouncing up and down and sitting on her heel. She was too lady like to grab her crotch...especially not in front of her new boyfriend.

Finally we pull in the driveway. She throws the seatbelt off of her and jumps out of the car, running to the front door of her house. I run behind her hoping to see something I'd never forget.

Fumbling with the keys she finally gets the door open, and takes two steps in. I'm right behind her. All of the sudden she stops and screams at the top of her lungs and puts her hands up to her mouth. Sitting on the floor in the kitchen is a dead mouse from her cat. As she screams I look up from the floor to see a stream of pee coming down her legs and dripping from under her skirt. The pool started to form on the kitchen floor. At first she didn't even notice she was peeing, she just said oh my god there is a mouse, gross! Then right after that phrase, shit! Oh My God, I'm peeing! She turned around and started crying in my arms, unable to stop the flow onto the floor at this point. I just held her for a minute, then said "Hunni, let's get you cleaned up before your mom gets home from work."

Amazingly her skirt hadn't gotten wet really at all, probably because it was so short. I walked her to the bathroom, still softly crying in my arms. When we got to the bathroom, she didn't even care anymore, she started taking off her skirt right in front of me. So there she was, in the cutest pair of cotton pink underwear. The wet spot went about halfway up the front and halfway up her perfect little round butt. I was in heaven. That picture will stay in my head forever.

I told her I would go clean up the floor while she showered so no one would see, and I would pick up the mouse that scared her to pee in her skirt.

Little did I know this wasn't the first time she'd peed herself, and it wouldn't be the last...

*002*2011-09-16 22:20

{{ 

Nice story, Jtlovespee. Welcome to ap and thank you for sharing. I also take it by that little foreshadowing at the end that there might be more stories?

}}

Thanks blueswag! Yes there will be more to come! I enjoy putting my experiences in writing and reading the stories of others.

