My peeing in skinny jeans story with my gay bf

Author: jeanspeestory

*000*2015-08-21 00:09

I'm 23 years old male and I'm a gay. And I have a gay bf since I was 9th grade. We are all into 'jeans peeing fetish' especially in public. I will share some stories about it.

When I was 18 and my bf was 22, we went to trip together from la to las vegas by his car. Before starting I drank water as much because I wanted to feel horny holding in pee and pee in my tight skinny blue jeans!! He drank so much too!! And we drank a cup of coffee too!!

And my bladder became full before starting and I think his bladder was full too!!! We both wore very tight and skinny blue jeans! It's because we love the feeling of thightness of denim jeans and it makes us so horny! So we almost always wear skinny blue jeans. Before getting in his car we drank two cans of coke too. Wow so full bladder!!

And I had the urge to peee!!! But I deliberately ignored it and didn't go to toilet in bf's house and just get into his car. So did my bf!! Because we enjoyed peeing in jeans outside!! Or at least holding it in long time!

We started and my bf was driver. In car my urge to pee got stronger and stronger. I was perfectly in desperation! So to hold it in I gribbed and rubbed my crotch to relieve and shivering my legs. And I crossed my legs and crossed again!! And I started to moan in a little sound. I squirmed again and again.

In high way I was about to die for peeing but holding it in felt so horny!! And while I rubbed my crotch my dick was rock hard!!! Full erection. My skintight blue jeans made tent! And I saw my gay bf. He was shivering while driving. He grasped his crotch in one hand rubbing and in other hand grasped steering wheel!

"Oh jimmy(bf name) I have to pee. I'm in desperation!!" I said.

And he replied "ah paul(my name) I have to go pee badly too. But lets hold it more"

But I knew that we couldnt endure a little more. And 1hr and half passed. I was in climax!! Crossing leg, rubbing crotch didnt work. My moan sound was more bigger.

"Oh paul a little more and we have our fun" my bf said.

"I..I cant no more!!!"

I had weaker bladder than his.

So many precums was soaking my panties a little in an hour ago because of my erection but not soaked jeans. And not pee came out.

But at that moment a little drip of pee came out. And a drip again a drip again!! Pee stain appeared in golf ball size on my jeans!!

"Oh no pee coming out, fucking my weak bladder."

"Then if youre in your extacy you have to let them out" bf said.

And then I freed my crotch from hands. Then very strong flow so my jeans were completely soaked and beneath me my seat too. And then to the floor pee dripped!!

"Ah I peed in my jeans!!"

And my bf didnt reply. His legs shivering and he was peeing in his jeans too!! His jeans became soaked like mine!!

"Ah... I finished it too!!" And then we laughed

For a moment later my jeans slowly started to dry and his jeans too. But even if drying, pee stains remained!! Finally we arrived our hotel room. We kissed and we unbuttoned and undid each other's jeans. We were so horny!! And then we licked each other's pee stain in panties. And then we took off our panties. We had very very hot sex!! We sucked penis each other that was dirty of urine and then he fucked my asshole with his big dick!!!

Finally semens came out from my asshole he licked it and french kissed and shared his semon that was ejected to my ass!!

We often enjoy sex and peeing in jeans! I want to be with him forever.

*003*2015-08-23 10:10

I met my bf in 9th grade at that time he was my protector from that time!! When I was in danger to be fucked forcfully by bullies in night time in park, he saw it and beated them to protect me and then our love started

