Past girlfriends wetting for me

Author: strokeknight2

*000*2014-08-07 01:55

For anyone looking for wetting partners, the best advice I can give is to build a relationship with someone you are generally interested in and once you get to the point where you are exploring each others' sexuality, tell them about your interests and they will want to do things for you to make you happy. If they don't, they're not for you.

I dated a girl a few years ago who looked amazing in a pair of tight jeans. She knew about my wetting interests and after seeing her pee in public a few times, I asked her to wet for me. She was a little shy about it but after a few drinks one night, we got back to my place and as I was walking to the front door I noticed that she wasn't with me. I turned around and saw her standing there smiling with two wet patches growing down both legs. I ran right over there and watched her finish from close up. She started laughing and told me how warm it was and how surprised she was that it felt so good. I put my hand between her legs and just a little rubbing was all she needed. We went inside and had some great fun after that.

She also would sit on the toilet and wet har panties once in a while and send me pictures if I wasn't around to see it in person. (I don't have those any more...) A few times when we'd wake up together, she'd climb on top of me, kissing me and grinding against me, no doubt she wanted some action before starting our day. She would sit up with a look of concentration on her hace until she let out enough hot pee to soak the crotch of her panties before slipping me inside her, still in her wet panties.

We broke up after a couple of years, but those were some of the hottest things I've ever experienced.

Another girl I dated after that would get up in the middle of the night and wet her panties on toilet before coming back and climbing on top of me. That woke me right up and you can guess what happened next. Another time, I followed her to the bathroom and while she was one the toilet peeing, I pulled it out and let it peed right between her breasts. It ran down her chest and over her lovely lady parts before tinkling in to the toilet with her pee. See her eyes light up when my hot pee was running down her body is a sight I don't think I'll ever forget. She wasn't as adventurous as the previous girlfriend, but I can hardly complain.

Since then, I've had another friends-with-benefits, who was waaaay kinkier than me, wet herself with me during our lovemaking. We would stand in the shower with me between her legs as she would soak her panties. I'd pull them aside and take her right there in the bathroom bent over the sink.

Fellas, and ladies, don't assume your lover won't try it out. If someone truly cares about you, or is kinky and wants to play around, they'll indulge your fetish. Just don't push it. Mention it once in a while and they'll surprise you in the best way.

