When Frosty Met Norah (Pt.1)

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-03-12 04:00

Since some of you may be wondering how I met my gf, I will tell that story here.

It all began about 5 years ago when I was attending a small liberal arts college on the east coast.

I was starting my junior year, struggling to maintain a decent GPA due to my lifelong inability to focus ( I have ADD) and my difficulties with anything relating to math & science. I had had tutors assigned to me since I was an incoming freshman. My most recent tutor was a girl even more shy and bookish than myself, but she had graduated last term and I was about to meet the new one in the school library.

I knew that her name was Norah, that she was a senior, and that she must be very intelligent since she had been chosen to tutor other students, but that was about it. We had corresponded on the net and arranged to meet on a Friday night at the library because it wouldn’t be too busy then, so it would be easier for us to find one another.

I attempted to describe myself: 5’4”, medium length reddish brown hair, with horn rimmed glasses. I told her I would be wearing a grey sweatshirt, a pair of jeans, and grey work boots.

She wrote back, " lol, I think you’ve described half of the girls here at this school. I’ll meet you outside at exactly 8 PM. Don’t be late !"

Friday evening. Nervous about meeting my new tutor, I had already downed a couple of cans of cola and a large glass of water while trying to gather up my books and make sure I hadn’t forgotten anything essential.

Being nervous makes me very thirsty, and drinking a lot ( big surprise ) makes me have to pee.

I started to feel a familiar pressure on my bladder and was thinking about going to use the toilet before I realized that if I didn’t get a move on I would be late to meet my tutor, and she had specifically warned me about that.

“Oh well, I’ll just wait I get to the library.” I said to myself, “It’s not that far to walk, I can hold out ‘til then.”

While I was walking, the cool evening air and the unusually tight jeans I was wearing in an effort to try to look somewhat fashionable combined to make me aware that I actually had to pee more urgently than I had initially thought.

I walked a bit more rapidly, looking forward to using the restroom in the library before the study session began.

So there I was, at 7:58 PM in front of the library with my backpack full of books, waiting with my legs squeezed tightly together because I knew I wouldn't have time to use the restroom before Norah arrived. I was alone.

Then, at exactly 8 PM , she showed up.

I was expecting another girl like my other tutor, shy and a bit mousy.

Imagine my surprise when Norah turned out to be one of the most stunning girls on campus !

I had seen her many times, always laughing & breezing past with a group of other good-looking girls circling around her like planets orbiting around the sun. Out of my league, this crowd. I wasn't even a meteorite.

Norah was tall, with a slightly olive complexion to her smooth skin, raven black hair framing her oval face, dark brown eyes rimmed with black eyeliner, thin arched eyebrows, her full lips colored with a copper bronze shade of lipstick I’d never seen anyone wear successfully before. On her, it looked so right.

She wore a short black fitted leather jacket over a tight black semi-sheer blouse which allowed glimpses of the lace bra underneath. I could also see she had a jeweled navel piercing through the belly button of her flat stomach.

Her long legs were clad in a pair of really tight black leather pants, and she had black leather stiletto heeled pumps on her feet. She was the most exotic looking girl I'd ever seen outside of a magazine or film.

She moved quickly up the stairs, all feline grace, her full breasts bouncing slightly as she sat down next to me, saying, “ Hi ! I'm Norah… and you must be Erica !”

Her voice was soft but a bit husky, and she had a slight accent which I couldn’t place but which was very intriguing and sexy, like something out of a foreign movie.

I looked down towards my feet and didn’t say anything for a moment. I couldn’t believe that this beautiful girl was my new tutor.

She looked at me with an amused expression and lifted up my chin with her hand, looking into my eyes intensely.

“You ARE Erica Ashley McCool, aren’t you ? She’s supposed to be meeting me here now.”

Still in shock, I managed to stammer out a reply of sorts.

“Um, yes, uh, that’s me, I mean I am… but nobody really calls me that…” .

“Well then, what do they call you, my little mystery girl ?”, she asked, smiling.

“Back home everyone calls me Frosty.”, I replied. I had never really thought about how it sounded before. Now I cringed a bit inside, knowing she would probably think it was a ridiculous name. But it was too late.

“Because you are so cool, Ms. McCool ?”, she said, laughing.

I blushed beet red, and said “Please don’t make fun of me…”.

My gaze sank towards the steps we were sitting on again.

“Sorry, I wasn’t making fun of you, just trying to ‘break the ice’, so to speak.” She laughed again. "It's a cute name."

She smiled radiantly, and I had to believe she meant it. “Well, now that we know who’s who, shall we be off ?"

As Norah headed back down the stairs, I remained seated on the steps with a bewildered expression on my face.

“Aren’t we going to study now ?” I asked.

“Silly girl, it’s Friday night. I don’t dress like this for study sessions, in case you couldn’t tell. Come on, we’re going out for a drink !”

Almost as an afterthought she added ”You ARE over 21, yes ?”

All I could do was nod my head. In all my time at college, I hadn’t formed any real friendships.

I had spent my free time studying, or doing stuff on my computer, or listening to music; in my own little safe world.

I suddenly realized that this was the first time anyone had actually invited me out for a social evening, and although I felt totally out of my depth, I wasn’t about to let what might be my only opportunity pass me by.

I got to my feet, grabbed my backpack, and followed in her wake as we headed towards the parking area where she’d left her car.

As I walked behind her, I couldn’t help noticing the perfect shape of her bottom in those tight pants as she moved gracefully on her stiletto pumps. I trip over my own feet in sneakers, so it was beyond me how she managed to make it look so effortless.

Norah stopped next to a bright red car with gold wheels. I’d never seen one like it, but it suited her perfectly.

She pulled a set of keys out of the pocket of her jacket, pressed a button on the fob and the car started up, a low rumble coming from the exhaust. Pressed another button, and the car emitted a soft beep as the doors unlocked.

“Well, what are you waiting for? Get in ! Put the backpack behind your seat.”

I had forgotten all about my need to pee in the shock of the moment, but as I sat down in the deep leather seat, sharp pangs in my bladder reminded me of its full state. Not wanting to spoil the moment by asking to go back to the library we had just left so I could use the restroom, I crossed my legs as tightly as I could, determined to hold out until we got to our destination, wherever that might be.

Norah brushed her hair back from her face and turned the key in the ignition, pressing down the brake pedal and clutch with her feet as the car made a low growling sound. She took hold of the shifter and put it into reverse as she backed smoothly out of the tight parking spot and turned around.

The last fading light of dusk had just about gone, the sky turning a beautiful shade of purple-blue behind low wispy clouds. It all seemed like a dream to me, a perfect fall evening. Magical.

Norah turned on the headlights, shifted again & turned the wheel all at once, the car a perfect extension of her body and will to move.

“Wow, you drive a manual ?”, I said, intent on proving my intelligence by stating the obvious.

Norah laughed yet again, “Nobody in my family drives an automatic… I learned this way, it wasn’t hard.”

I didn’t even have a driver’s license. My mom would never let me learn to drive the family sedan, so either she or my older sister would grudgingly take me wherever I needed to be, usually complaining about it the whole time.

I was used to being driven places, but I’d never been in a car like Norah’s, or with anyone who drove like she did.

As we pulled out onto the road leading to town, she revved the engine and it growled again in response. Her left foot pressing the clutch pedal, her right foot dancing on the brake and accelerator as she ran smoothly through the gears, I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. It was the most amazing display of driving skill I’d ever seen up close and, fascinated, I almost forgot how badly I had to pee again.

That is, until we got to the first twisty section of the road. It was now dark, and in the headlight glow I could see we were coming to a sharp turn. Instead of braking well ahead of the corner, she seemed to speed up a little, then expertly flicked the wheel in the opposite direction before snapping it back to the right fairly hard as her feet worked the pedals. I felt the car unsettle, then rotate as the rear end came around, using up almost every inch of the road as it went sideways at incredible speed through the corner. It was a bit scary and exhilarating at the same time.

My achingly full bladder pressed against the tight waistband of my jeans as I grabbed the handle at my side with one hand and the other hand moved down to my crotch to apply pressure there as I felt a small spurt of pee escape into my black cotton hipster panties, dampening them a bit. "Oh, no...", I said under my breath.

Noticing my rapid hand movements from out of the corner of her eye, Norah said,“I love driving this road after dark, no oncoming headlights means I can use as much of the road as the car needs.”

I think those words were meant to reassure me. Frankly I was so focused on the fact that I had just wet my panties a little, I wasn’t even thinking about anything else as the powerful car flew through turn after turn, the g forces torturing me as I began to worry that I might actually have a full blown accident with this beautiful girl sitting right beside me.

(to be continued)

*003*2013-03-13 03:58

Thanks, my friends.

Don't worry, Pt. 2 will be posted in the near, i promise.

I might even start working on it tonight while waiting for my sweetie to get home.

I remember every detail of that night, it's just putting it all down in words that do it justice that's the challenge.

How do you describe perfection, if not with perfect words & phrases ? i am not worthy, but i will try, as always.

:wub:

{{ 

I am anxiously awaiting the rest of the story. Iam gussing you had to pee badly while writing this.

}}

You guess correctly. editing became increasingly more difficult as my desperation increased.

After finishing the final draft at around 3:30 AM, i was allowed to go pee.

Major squirming & thigh clenching, crotch pressing, leaking & the occasional small spurt before then.

Hardwood chairs are very forgiving of accidents both small & large. :)

*004*2013-03-14 18:33

Here's the link to Pt. 2:

$/12755-when-frosty-met-norah-pt2/

*006*2013-03-15 18:52

Thanks for all the kind comments !

I truly appreciate you folks taking the time to read this, and to spare me a few words in reply.

I will endeavor to be worthy of the time you have spent.

Part 3 is now in the works.

*008*2013-03-17 20:23

Thanks all...

Pt. 3 up now as well.

$/12824-when-frosty-met-norah-pt3/

