In my elementary and middle school how I got into peeing jeans

Author: jeanspeestory

*000*2015-08-23 10:02

I got into skinny jeans peeing fetish for a long time.

I think this fetish started to form from my elementary school.

In elementary school, I often had peeing accidents in school and wet bed because I have a serious incontinece and I have very very weak bladder.

Because of some accidents and my weak and too thin body and too girlish face even though I am a boy, my classmates bullied me and I was always alone in elementary and middle school years. Some classmates even blocked me to go toilet in break time saying "you dont have to go toilet you just pee in your pants always like baby!" and each day they blocked me to go toilet I peed in classroom!!

But secretly some good feeling began when I hold in peeing and endure it and even peeing in pants. First I think its because relaxing feeling like baby but it turned me on too!! And at some point I think about from 2nd grade I thought it was hornything but kept it secret. And my parents believe I have accidents just because of my incontinence not my fetish.

And I even peed in pants on purpose.

I almost always wear tight blue jeans since I was 1th grade and blue jeans were combined to my fetish. When I had peeing accidents in school I was always wearing blue jeans. Tight blue jeans feel good when I endure peeing because it presses more and denim makes me more horny.

So I will share story that was in 7th grade.

In 7th grade that day I woke up a little late and after taking a shower and having breakfast, I had to hurry so no time to go toilet!! In breakfast I drank too much water, about 11 cups!! And I drank a cup of coffee too like always. Of course in that day I wore tight blue jeans too a little worn out jeans I remember. And in school bus my urge to pee started. Just crossing legs and shivering. 

But in school I didnt go to toilet that morning. Because if someone saw me go toilet they would block it... I was so much bullied. First class was math. I just bit lips and couldnt solve the problems. Just rubbing my crotch. But teacher(very strict) called me and commanded to solve problem in blackboard. But I went to blackboard shivering and I asked to go toilet. Of course she said no and it was my school's strict rule not to go toilet in class. I frozed in front of blackboard and my pee started to flow out soaking my skin tight jeans. She was surprised and everyone laughed at me. I cried. She brought me to toilet and permitted to change to school gym clothes.

