Desperate journey home (m + f desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-01-27 20:59

This is part fantasy, part true story. It's quite long, but I hope you enjoy! This contains both male and female desperation.

I started a new job recently working in an office, and part of my role involves spending hours in long and boring meetings taking notes and speaking with clients. More than once I’ve been stuck in one of these meetings bursting for a piss after drinking too many cups of tea, sat on the edge of my seat with my ankles crossed underneath me, holding on until the meeting ends and I get chance to relieve myself at last.

Last week I was sitting in one such meeting, sat there dying for a pee, frantically bouncing my knee and trying to concentrate on what was being said rather than the throbbing ache in my bladder. It seemed to last forever, and ended up overrunning by about 15 minutes, ending just before 5.15 rather than 5 as I’d originally hoped.

At this point its worth quickly explaining my journey to and from work – I catch the bus from a bus stop a short walk away from my house, which takes me to the train station near to my office. Once at the station, a company run shuttle bus takes people to the office. It takes me around 20 minutes to get to work in the morning, but because of traffic the journey home can take anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour. I usually get the 5.15 shuttle bus to the station which leaves me plenty of time to catch the 5.30 bus back to my house.

By the time the meeting had finally ended, I realised that the shuttle bus I usually take to the station would be leaving in just a couple of minutes. I hurried to my desk, crossing my legs and bending forwards slightly as I quickly turned off my PC and packed my laptop into my bag. I bit my lip. I really, really needed a piss, but if I went for one then I’d definitely miss the shuttle bus, meaning I’d miss my bus home. The buses to my house were so infrequent that the next one wasn’t until later on. My bladder felt so full, throbbing underneath my waistband, and I longed to hurry to the toilets and have a long and relieving piss. No, I’d just have to hang on and wait until I got home, and hope that the traffic wouldn’t be too bad. I threw on my jacket, slung my bag over my shoulder and hurried out of the office, barely made it to the shuttle bus before it left.

I hurried on and took a seat, resting my hands between my legs and tensing my thighs. The drive to the station doesn’t take long, only a few minutes if there’s no traffic, but the road out of the office is full of speed bumps. Every single time the bus hit one, it sent a jolt through my bladder, making me fidget in my seat. I bit my lip and pushed down slightly onto my cock, feeling my bladder throbbing. Luckily the bus was fairly empty, so I could sit and squirm in my seat without anybody noticing. I looked out of the window, giving my cock a quick squeeze, wondering how long it’d be before I had chance to piss.

It always seems to be that the times when you desperately need to roads to be clear, they’re completely gridlocked, and today was no exception. We had barely pulled onto the main road before we slowed to a halt. I bit my lip and sighed in frustration, looking down the road and seeing a long line of cars at a standstill. I began to worry. If I missed the 5.30 bus, I had no idea what time the next one was, and really doubted whether or not I’d be able to hold on until I got home. I leaned forwards in my seat, pressing my hands between my legs and crossing my ankles underneath me, jiggling my knees.

As we crawled along, I watched the long line of cars anxiously, the time ticking closer and closer to half past. I thought back to all the tea and water I’d had that afternoon to keep my mouth from getting too dry in the air conditioned meeting room. I hadn’t had chance to relieve myself since lunchtime - despite feeling the urge to go even before the meeting started, I just hadn’t had time. I gritted my teeth as I shifted in my seat, urging the traffic to move faster as my bursting bladder throbbed between my legs.

By 5.25, we were still stuck behind a queue of cars. At least now I could see what was causing the holdup – roadworks, typical. I tapped my hands against my knees and looked at my watch, glancing back up at the road. Fuck. I leaned back in my seat, my hands squeezing my thighs, resigning myself to the fact that I was going to miss my bus. I tried looking on my phone to find when the next bus might be, but I had no signal. I just hoped it wasn’t too far away. I was absolutely aching for a piss, and wished I’d just had one before leaving the office, catching a later bus to the station. I squirmed in my seat, hoping that there was at least a toilet at the station I could use before catching the bus home, though part of me knew this wasn’t likely. For now, I had no choice but to endure my desperate urge to piss until we finally made it out of this traffic.

20 minutes later, and we’d only moved a few yards. The roadworks had been set up at the junction of two very busy roads, and even when the temporary traffic lights went to green, nobody could go anywhere. People on the bus were starting to get impatient, and had been talking about getting off early and walking (we were only a 10 minute walk from the station by now). However, the driver didn’t want to let anybody off as it wasn’t safe. I was getting frantic now, having to squeeze my cock hard every so often to help me wait. From what I’d overheard, there was a train leaving just before 6 that most people on the bus wanted to catch, and a few people had begun to line up near to the door, trying to convince the driver to let them off. Eventually, he agreed, and after deliberating for a few seconds, I decided to join them. Walking would help me take my mind off just how badly I had to piss, or so I hoped.

We got off the bus, walking quickly towards the station. I bit my lip, now I was stood up I could feel just how full my bladder was, and I hoped more than ever there were toilets at the station. I bounced on the balls of my feet as I waited to cross the road, crossing my legs impatiently. I was stood next to a woman who’d got off the bus just before me, who I recognised as being one of the managers in HR named Hannah. She was an attractive woman in her 30s, and I’d met her during my first week. She turned to me and smiled. ‘I’ve already missed one train, there’s no way on earth I’m missing this next one’ she said laughing. I laughed and said how ridiculous it was that it took so long, telling her I’d missed my bus and had no idea when the next one was. We chatted on the way to the station, which helped take my mind off my bladder. I really needed to know whether the station had toilets, but I just couldn’t bring myself to let on that I was desperate for a piss.

A few minutes later and we were waiting to cross another busy road just opposite the station. I crossed my legs again, leaning forward slightly as we watched the cars pass, waiting for the lights to change so we could cross. Finally, I worked up the courage to let on my predicament. ‘Do you know if the station has toilets? I haven’t had chance to go all afternoon and I’m quite desperate’ I said quietly, bobbing on the spot. Hannah laughed, glancing down at my tightly crossed legs. 

‘I’m not sure, I don’t think so. I can’t remember ever seeing any’. ‘Great’ I said sarcastically, laughing sheepishly, bending forwards slightly before recrossing my legs the other way. She sensed my disappointment and my desperation. ’You could always ask someone if you’re desperate’ she suggested kindly. I nodded. ‘Yeah I’ll do that, it’s going to take me a while to get home’. Just then, the lights changed and we crossed the road, heading quickly to the station entrance. ‘Bet you wished you’d gone before leaving the office now’ she teased, and I laughed and agreed with her, blushing, totally embarrassed but also turned on now that Hannah knew my predicament.

We walked into the brightly lit ticket office, and I looked around quickly. Fuck, no toilets. And even worse, nobody to ask. It was only a small station, with just a couple of ticket machines and barriers, the ticket office closed down for the evening. I bit my lip as I realised I’d just have to hold on until I got home, and endure the bus ride with a painfully full bladder. ‘Doesn’t look like they have loos, you’ll just have to cross your legs’ she said sympathetically. ‘Yeah, looks like it. Really regretting all those cups of tea I had this afternoon!’ I joked, aware that Hannah was watching me shift my weight from foot to foot. ‘Oh god I bet you are. Anyway, better go and catch this train. Good luck!’ she chuckled, walking towards the barrier and out onto the platform. ‘Thanks’ I said laughing, watching her go.

I gritted my teeth and headed down the steps towards the bus stop just outside, crossing my legs as I read the timetable. Fuck! The next bus wasn’t until half past 6! I stamped my foot on the floor in frustration and bent forwards, pressing my hands between my legs before quickly straightening up. I looked at my watch, biting my lip as I realised I had about 30 minutes to wait. God, I was absolutely dying for a piss, and I wasn’t going to be home until around 7, and that’s if the traffic wasn’t too bad. I took a seat on the plastic bench next to the stop, putting my bag down and pulling out my phone to help me pass the time. I thought about walking to the nearby town to find somewhere to piss, but I didn’t know the area very well let alone if there were any public toilets. Besides, I’d most likely miss my bus – I had no choice but to sit there and wait.

Although I was the only one at the bus stop, there was still the occasional person walking past towards the station, so I tried to keep still and not squirm around too much in case anyone noticed. After a few minutes I began to jiggle my knees, biting my lip. I couldn’t help It, I really needed a piss, and I could feel my bladder tight against my slim fitting work trousers. I had my phone in my lap, browsing the internet to help take my mind off how badly I needed to go, and every so often when nobody was walking past I’d press my hands against my cock, gritting my teeth.

After a few minutes of squirming, an attractive young woman, probably in her late 20s dressed in casual office clothes, walked up to the bus stop and began to read the timetable. Although I was dying to squirm around and jiggle my legs, I forced myself to sit still - it’d be way too obvious that I was bursting for a pee otherwise. I recognised her – I’d sometimes see her waiting at the bus stop near my house, though we’d never spoken. I didn’t want to look like an idiot in front of her, bouncing around like a child just because I needed a pee. No, I’d just have to bite my lip and endure the pressure between my legs until the bus arrived.

As she read the timetable, I couldn’t help but notice the tense expression on her face. She was biting her lip and was frowning, and I noticed she was shifting around a lot, not quite standing still but not full-blown dancing from foot to foot either. I began to get turned on – maybe she was in the exact same situation as I was! She crossed her legs tightly as she looked down at her watch, sighing quietly to herself. She moved away from the timetable and began to pace around, occasionally stopping to cross her legs, looking down the road with a worried look on her face. 

I felt myself getting hard. God, it really did look as though she was absolutely desperate for a pee, and the only bus that stopped here this time of day was the one I was waiting for. It really turned me on to think that we were both in the same situation – both stuck at the bus stop, both dying to pee. I was finding it hard to sit still, but after seeing her fidgeting around, I started to bounce my knees, biting my lip as I squeezed my thighs tightly for a second, hands pushed between them.

I glanced up at her and caught her watching me, and she quickly looked away. Fuck, now I really was turned on. Not only were we both waiting at the bus stop bursting, she’d caught me squirming in my seat. I looked back at my phone, still jiggling my knee. She sat down further along the bench, and out of the corner of my eye I watched her press her hands discreetly into her lap, crossing her legs tightly. I squirmed in my seat, the pressure in my bladder making me bite my lip and push both hands between my legs for a second. I could sense her watching me, and I began to blush, aware that my cock was very, very hard. There was a noticeable bulge in my trousers, and you wouldn’t need to look too closely to see I was pretty obviously turned on.

We sat in silence for a few more minutes, both of us fidgeting – me jiggling my knees and squirming in my seat, her crossing her legs tightly and bouncing her foot. I was absolutely, frantically bursting for a piss, desperate to empty my rock hard bladder, but still had ages left to wait before I could do anything about it. I longed to reach down between my legs and give my rock hard cock a nice hard squeeze, but with the woman sat just a few feet away, I wasn’t brave enough to do it.

After a couple more minutes though, I couldn’t take it anymore. I quickly glanced across at her, seeing she was looking at her phone, and bent forwards in my seat, looking down the road as if watching for the bus. Crossing my ankles tightly underneath me, I bit my lip as I squeezed my cock hard with one hand, my other hand pressing down over it in an attempt to disguise what I was doing. I held myself for a couple of seconds, enjoying the feeling, before quickly straightening up and quickly glancing back at her. Fuck, she was looking right at me, her eyes fixed on my lap.

I let go of my cock quickly, resting my hands on my thighs and bouncing my knees, extremely embarrassed at being caught holding myself. We made eye contact for a second and she quickly looked away, and I couldn’t help but notice she was biting her lip. She uncrossed her legs, squeezed her thighs together tightly before recrossing her legs, bouncing her foot. Fuck, I was so turned on despite how embarrassed I was. I glanced at my watch, sighing in frustration. Still over 20 minutes to wait, and by now I was starting to doubt whether or not I was going to make it home with dry trousers. I looked around anxiously, wondering if there was a secluded place where I could have a quick piss, but there was nowhere private enough. Besides, it’d be far too obvious if I wandered off somewhere behind the station and came back looking more relaxed, and the woman sat next to me would know exactly what I’d done. No, I’d just have to hold on, no matter how badly I had to go.

The next 10 minutes dragged by. I was trying to distract myself from the pressure in my bladder by playing around with my phone, but it wasn’t working. I was so, so desperate to piss, and the knowledge that I wasn’t going to be able to relieve myself anytime soon wasn’t helping in the slightest. I couldn’t sit still for a second, constantly shifting my weight and squirming around in my seat, tensing my thighs and biting my lip, enduring the urgent need to piss. The woman was speaking to somebody on the phone quietly, her legs tightly crossed, bouncing her foot constantly. 

Every few minutes I’d lean forwards in my seat, looking down the road in the hope that the bus might turn up early, but there was never any sign of it. At least it gave me the chance to push hard between my legs for a second, pressing my hands against my throbbing cock before quickly taking them away. I longed to loosen my belt or unzip my jeans to give my bulging bladder room to expand, or reach down and give myself a nice, long squeeze through my boxers, but there was just no way. Every so often, I’d notice the woman watching me fidget and squirm, and I despite my urgency I was extremely turned on at my predicament, my cock rock hard and bulging in my slim fitting work trousers.

After a couple more minutes of fidgeting around on the hard wooden plastic, I couldn’t take sitting down anymore. I stood up slowly, gritting my teeth as I felt how heavy my bladder felt, resting my hands in front of my crotch to hide the bulge in my trousers. I was frantic by now, my bladder screaming for release, absolutely bursting for a piss. I bit my lip, shamelessly shifting my weight quickly from foot to foot, way past the point of being able to stand still. If anyone so much as glanced at me it’d be very, very obvious that I was desperate for a piss, yet here I was practically dancing around in front of the attractive woman waiting next to me. 

I walked over to the timetable, bouncing from foot to foot and kicking my ankles up behind me, hoping I’d misread it and the bus might come sooner than I thought. Of course though, I hadn’t, and I still had 10 minutes left to wait. I sighed in frustration and crossed my legs hard, bouncing on the spot and grinding my thighs together. I could sense her watching me, so I glanced in her direction and she quickly looked away, still speaking on the phone.

I moved back over to the bench, putting my bag down and crossing my legs, hands in my pockets. I realised that if I reached far enough into my pocket I could squeeze my cock, and despite how obvious I looked, I just couldn’t help myself. I was so desperate at this point that I didn’t care, I just wanted to piss. I bent forwards at the waist, squeezing my cock hard, sucking in air through clenched teeth. Straightening up, I bounced from foot to foot for a few seconds before crossing my legs tightly again. Just then, the woman walked past me, still speaking on the phone. She walked quickly up to the timetable and wrapped one leg over the other, bouncing on the spot slightly. I felt my cock stiffen as I realised she was probably just as desperate as I was, with no choice but to stand there and wait for the bus to arrive.

She stood there for a few moments, reading the timetable, before turning around and looking down the road. She moaned under her breath, uncrossing her legs and bouncing on the spot violently, bending forwards as she did so, before quickly straightening up and wrapping her legs tightly around each other again. She glanced at me, her eyes flicking down to my crotch, before meeting my eye again. I blushed, taking my hands out of my pockets and resting them in front of my fly, realising I’d just been caught holding myself. She bit her lip again and looked away, still speaking on the phone.

‘No I’m still waiting for this bus, its taking forever.’ I heard her say, before uncrossing her legs and crossing them again the other way, her thighs pushed tightly together. ‘I know, it’s a joke, and I really need the loo but there’s none at the station’. She glanced at me as she said this, and I felt my cock stiffen even more. From the way she was squirming around, ‘really need the loo’ sounded like an understatement. She looked incredibly desperate for a wee, and I was extremely turned on at the knowledge that we both still had ages left to wait before we were home. I couldn’t catch the rest of her conversation, but from her constant leg crossing and fidgeting, and the slight breathlessness in her voice, it was obvious that she needed to go just as badly as I did, past the point of being able to stay composed.

After a few more minutes of squirming, fidgeting, pacing, bending, leg crossing (and the occasional squeezing of my cock through my pockets), I glanced at my watch. 6.30. I bounced up and down on the balls of my feet as I looked up the road, sighing in frustration as I saw no sign of the bus arriving. The woman had finished her phone conversation now and was anxiously pacing up and down, stopping to cross her legs, bending forwards as she glanced down the road.

I was so desperate by now that I was considering just running off into the corner of the nearby car park and relieving myself, and now that it was starting to get dark I was less likely to be spotted. If I had been on my own at the bus stop I probably would’ve done, but because the car park is in direct view of the bus stop, the woman would be able to see exactly what I was doing. And besides, despite the throbbing, relentless pressure in my rock hard bladder, part of me was enjoying my predicament – knowing that I had no choice but to hold on, with this gorgeous woman waiting next to me watching my desperation, and the knowledge that she was feeling the exact same pressure between her legs.

After another couple of minutes, the bus still hadn’t turned up. I was beginning to get anxious now – what if it was going to be really late because of the roadworks? I bounced on the spot in frustration, wrapping my hand around my cock through my pocket and squeezing tightly, gritting my teeth. God, I had to fucking piss, and I was genuinely worried I was going to leak into my boxers. The woman in front of me was obviously getting frustrated too, stamping her foot before crossing her legs even more tightly, bending forwards for a few seconds before straightening up and bobbing up and down, squeezing her thighs together as tightly as she could. She looked around self consciously, realising how obvious she was being, and I looked away quickly.

Part of me was hoping the bus was going to be even more delayed so I could watch this gorgeous woman fidget around for longer, but for my poor, bursting bladder’s sake, I just wanted to be home and in front of a toilet. I bit my lip and tried not to imagine the feeling of opening my belt, tearing open my fly, pulling out my leaking cock and wetting long and hard into the bowl. I moaned softly under my breath as I felt myself leaking piss into my boxers, squeezing my cock tightly through my pocket to stem the flow, bending forwards at the waist. Fuck, I was starting to lose it, and the bus hadn’t even arrived yet. I managed to hold on, but I could feel that my boxers were more than a little bit damp, and I just hoped I could make it home before I pissed myself completely. I straightened up slowly, relieved that the woman was looking the opposite way.

After another minute or so, when I was now so desperate that I was considering sprinting to the car park and taking a long hard piss behind a van that was parked there, the bus finally appeared down the road. I walked up and stood behind the woman, who had her hand out to signal that she wanted to get on. She still had her legs wrapped around each other, and now I was closer I could see the rosy hue in her cheeks and the anxious expression on her face. She looked bursting, and I knew that despite the fact there’d be less traffic at this time in the evening, it could still take us around 30 minutes to get to our stop. 

I gave myself a good, hard squeeze through my pocket just as the bus slowed to a stop, knowing that it’d be difficult to hold myself on the bus without being incredibly obvious. I could feel my boxers damp with piss around my cock, and I told myself that no matter how full my bladder was, I was not going to piss myself in public. I was going to sit there, clamp my muscles shut and endure the pressure until I was finally somewhere I could relieve myself.

We got on and paid our fare, and took our seats. The bus was almost empty, with one or two people sat further down at the back. She took a seat near the front and I sat across the aisle from her. I was going to sit further down to get some privacy, but the bus had already started to move off and besides, from where I was sitting I could watch her squirm out of the corner of my eye. I perched on the edge of my seat, ankles crossed underneath me and my hands resting on my bouncing thighs. I glanced across at her and saw that her legs were tightly crossed almost double, and she was leaning forwards in her seat looking intently out of the window.

The bus set off, and luckily traffic was light. However, the vibration of the bus and the jolting every time we went over a pothole was making it hard to hang on, and I had no choice but to jam my hands between my squirming thighs and squeeze hard, not caring who saw me. As we stopped at a long queue of cars waiting to get over some traffic lights, I bit my lip and squirmed in my seat, willing the lights to change. The woman next to me was looking anxiously at the line of cars too, chewing her lip. She’d uncrossed her legs now and was sat bolt upright in her seat, fanning her thighs in and out with her hands pressed tightly against them. As I watched her, she moaned softly, tapping her palms against her thighs quietly. We still had around 20 minutes to go before our stop and we were both absolutely bursting for a pee.

Finally, we were over the lights and making steady pace. I was squirming and fidgeting like mad, desperately trying to hold on just a few more minutes. As we went over a particular nasty pothole, the bus shuddered and I felt another spurt of piss escape my tortured muscles. I groaned under my breath and wrapped one hand tightly around my cock, leaning back in my seat and biting my lip as I fought to gain control. I managed to stop, but I knew now that I was in real danger of wetting myself where I sat. I squeezed my cock hard again, determined not to embarrass myself in public despite the fact my boxers were now even more soaked. I glanced across at the woman, and caught her watching me, her eyes fixed on my crotch. She sensed me looking her way and she looked away quickly, gazing out of the window, squirming in her seat and tapping her feet on the floor of the bus.

As the bus got nearer and nearer to my stop, I began to come up with a plan of action. Although the walk to my house from my stop was only a few minutes, I knew there was absolutely no way I’d make it with dry trousers. There was a quiet alleyway less than a minutes’ walk away from the stop, secluded from the street by trees and hedges. I made up my mind that I’d piss there, hoping that nobody would be around.

Less than 5 minutes to go, and by now I was frantic. My hands were pushed between my jiggling thighs, pressing down hard against my throbbing cock and squeezing tightly every few seconds. I was breathing quickly and my heart was pounding, and I was well aware that no matter how hard I held on, I was extremely close to losing control. The woman next to me seemed to be in a similar way. As we slowed down for yet another set of traffic lights, I glanced across and saw her lean forwards in her seat, and quickly place her bag onto her lap. 

As I watched her, she bit her lip and pressed one hand hard between her legs, squeezing hard. She squirmed in her seat and closed her eyes for a second, blowing air through her lips. ‘God, so fucking hot’ I thought to myself as I squeezed my cock tightly, quickly looking away as she opened her eyes and glanced in my direction. Her cheeks were bright red and she looked incredibly desperate to pee. Both of us were close to losing it with just a few more minutes to go.

After what felt like an age, the bus turned into the road that our stop was on. I pressed the button to let the bus driver know, and stood up slowly, my bladder pounding worse than ever as I moved towards the door. Now that relief was only a couple of minutes away, it was getting harder and harder to hang on. I crossed my legs hard, squeezing myself through my pocket as I fought to keep my boxers dry now I was stood up on the bumpy bus. As the bus slowed to pull into the stop, I leaked again, spurting a hard stream of piss into my boxers.

I grit my teeth and bounced on the spot, squeezing my thighs together and holding myself hard, not caring about people on the bus seeing how badly I had to piss. All I cared about now was getting to the alleyway and emptying my bladder in a long, hard stream. I glanced behind me and saw the woman was still sat down, perched on the edge of her seat with her hand still pressed between her legs underneath her bag. She glanced at me, her face a picture of urgency, biting her lip. She clearly didn’t trust herself to stand up without wetting herself while the bus stopped.

The doors opened and I hurried off, thanking the driver, my voice strained as I fought to hold on for just one more minute. I heard the woman behind me thanking him too, her voice barely more than a whisper. I walked as fast as I dared without wetting myself, openly holding myself now, too desperate to care. Luckily, the street was quiet, but I could hear the woman’s footsteps behind me. She was walking quickly too, taking quick, short steps, clearly trying to press her thighs together as she walked. I wished I could’ve watched her, but at the moment my own desperation was the only thing on my mind. 

As I neared the alley, I felt myself leaking again, and I had to stop in my tracks. ‘Oh fuckkkk’ I moaned softly, squeezing my cock with both hands bending forwards on the spot, not caring about being seen. After a couple of seconds, I managed to stop the flow, but by now my boxers felt soaking wet with piss. I straightened up and hurried towards the alleyway, still holding myself hard. I glanced down and saw a small wet patch on my work trousers. It wasn’t obvious, but if I didn’t piss soon it was going to get a lot bigger.

I began to jog, then, as I got nearer, practically sprinted into the alleyway, tugging my belt open as I did so. Thank fuck, there was nobody there. Before I could rip open my fly, my poor, aching muscles gave up after clamping back the flow for so long, and I started to leak again, unable to hold back the flow. ‘Fuck fuck fuck’ I muttered as I frantically unzipped myself and pulled out my leaking cock, aiming it into the grass and moaning as I finally let loose. I glanced down at my bladder, amazed at how far it was bulging out, and I rubbed a hand over it, feeling how completely full and rock hard it was. Piss erupted from my cock, splashing noisily against the ground in a hard stream. I threw my head back and moaned again, relishing the sensation of finally releasing my urine. Just as I was beginning to enjoy the sensation of emptying my bursting, throbbing bladder, I heard hurried footsteps behind me.

I swore under my breath, my heart pounding, but there was just no way I could clamp off the flow, not when it felt this good. I glanced round and saw the woman standing there, bent over with her hands pushed between her tightly crossed legs, eyes fixed on my cock. Fuck, she obviously comes this way on her way home, I should’ve known. ‘I’m sorry, I was bursting, god I’m sorry’ I said quietly, my voice hoarse, still wetting hard, my poor bladder far from empty. I was so embarrassed and ashamed, but I just couldn’t stop the flow. She shook her head quickly, looking away.

‘No its ok, I was gonna do the same I’m gonna explode, I’ll keep watch for you’ she said breathlessly, glancing up and down the alleyway, bouncing on the spot, still holding herself. ‘Ohhh thank you’ I said quickly, extremely aroused at the fact that this woman was standing right behind me while I pissed a long, hard stream just metres away from her, and knowing that she was desperately waiting for me to finish so she could do the same.

I pissed and pissed, finally starting to feel relief. ‘Ohh god, hurry up I’m dying’ she said sheepishly, and I heard her dancing from foot to foot. ‘Sorry, I really had to go’ I laughed, still wetting hard. After about a minute, my stream finally started to taper off, and I let the feeling of relief wash over me. I breathed a loud sigh of relief and zipped myself up quickly, aware that the woman was right behind me. ‘Thanks’ I said quietly, blushing hard, buzzing from the feeling of relief.

‘Its ok’ she said breathlessly, thrusting her bag at me as she danced from foot to foot, ‘Sorry but I really really need to go too, please can you hold this and keep watch?’ I took it and she hurriedly thanked me, her cheeks bright red as she darted past, quickly unzipping her work trousers. ‘Don’t look!’ she called over her shoulder as she squatted down and immediately started wetting, a sharp stream hitting the ground with a hiss. She gasped with relief, and despite her protest I couldn’t help but watch her, occasionally glancing up and down the alley to watch for anyone coming past.

‘Oh goddddd’ she muttered as she relieved her aching bladder, a huge puddle forming underneath her. She finally finished, and I quickly looked away as she pulled up her trousers, my heart still pounding. ‘Thanks’ she said quietly as I gave her the bag back, giving me a quick smile. ‘Don’t you dare tell anyone’ she joked, before walking down the alley, leaving me standing there red faced, relieved, and extremely hard. We never spoke of it again, but occasionally exchanged a smile and a knowing look when we saw each other at the bus stop.

*002*2014-01-28 19:22

Thanks, the majority of the story is true apart from the end part - in reality I caught a different bus home so did not get to see whether or not she made it. Also, some of the desperation is exaggerated a bit, mainly my own as there were quite a few other people at the bus stop and so I was hiding how badly I had to piss. Still, it was a great sighting, and I did in fact have a very relieving pee in a quiet alleyway on the way home.

*010*2017-01-19 17:44

Thanks for the comments! Bus stops are always good for desperate sightings especially when buses are late and people are stuck waiting while bursting to go to the loo.

