Peed myself while watering plants

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-01-20 00:10

This isn't what I usually post about but something reminded me of it. I

Our next door neighbour was really old,I would usually water her plants for her. One time I decided that I have some fun. Her garden was set out, so that there was a small passage where you can't be seen unless you climb over the wall in my garden. Twas the perfect spot for my plans. I'd gone over with my mother who had decided to talk to our neighbour while I watered the plants. I'd not visted the toilet since I got up about 2 hour earlier. I went over to the outside tap and squatted down to place the hose over the end of the tap. 

Suddenly I felt my underwear get damp. I had spurted. I quickly grabbed my crotch and got a tight grip on my penis. "Shit. It's not going to plan." I muttered. Once I was sure I had regained control, I turned on the hose and went to work on the flowers. I looked at the front of my pants for any signs of wetting. There was nothing. Relief washed over me in a wave. I watered the front garden at first, which was pretty big. As I reached the final plant pot another spurt escaped. "Dammit. This is ruining everything".

I regained control of my bladder and took a glance down. I had a slight wet patch on the front of my pants and a larger patch inbetween my legs. It had dripped down and pooled at the bottom. The pleasent warm feeling I had gained, was ruined by the fact it was unintentional. "Better now than never." I made my way down to the passage and began to work on the plants. I looked over the wall to make sure that my Blissful brother was unware of my activities. I then removed my hand from anywhere near my crotch and allowed my urine to run free.

It sprayed out of me as fast as it could, the front of my pants were quickly darkended before it made its way down my leg, pooling in my sock. I could feel the squelch as I adjusted my foot. The urine splattered onto the stone path and glistened in the sunlight. My god it felt good. I quickly forced out some more urine, re wetting the already soaked material of my pants, I then turned the hose on myself and drenched the rest of my pants. I decided that I would leave some dry patches and decided to get some on my shirt as well to help blend it in.

My mother was ready to leave as was your humble narrator. I walked back to her at the front door. "What happend to you?" she questioned. "Dropped the hose, it splattered all over the place" I said. I grinned as she nodded joking about how clumsy I am.

Yeah... Clumsy

