The One Time I was Given Permission to Pee My Pants

Author: celinebay

*000*2015-01-25 20:38

My parents and I were driving back to our house from my grandparents’ house. The drive was around three hours and I fell asleep in the back seat about twenty minutes after we left. I was seventeen at the time and had just learned I had been accepted to a good school to study engineering and science. At the time, everything was looking up in my life.

I remember dozing off, thinking about all the wonderful experiences I was going to have in the following years. Then, I woke up when the car began to slow down. Groggy at first, I blinked a few times as my eyes adjusted to the darkness. The sun had just begun to set as we left and now, two hours later, had completely set. The first thing I noticed upon waking is that I had to pee. Real bad. And traffic had come to a stand still five miles away from the next exit.

I piped up from the back, “Hey, I really have to go pee.”

My dad turned around, “we’re still a ways out from the next exit. You’ll have to hold it, sweetie.”

For a few minutes I didn’t say anything, trying to focus on anything but my need. I counted to a hundred, then five hundred. I pulled out my phone and played Snake for a while (this was over ten years ago). But nothing really took my mind off the immense urge to pee.

“Oh my god, I can’t hold it much longer. I’m just gonna jump out and go in the ditch,” I said suddenly, breaking the silence and making my mom jump.

“Honey, there’s a cop right behind us,” my mom said in a frustrated tone. A small part of me knew, at that moment, that I was doomed. I groaned and sank into the seat. A few more minutes passed and almost out of nowhere, I leaked a bit.

“I seriously cannot hold it any longer, I’ve already leaked a little in my panties!” I blurted out.

Then my mom said something I’ll never forget, “Well, if you’ve already done that, and you can’t hold it any longer, just go in your pants and we’ll clean it up when we get home.”

I was equal parts taken aback and ecstatic; taken aback because my mom had just told me to pee in my pants, ecstatic because I was given permission to end the pain of trying to hold on.

“What? Really? I mean, okay,” I said, slightly nervous.

“It’s okay, honey. It’s not your fault. Accidents happen,” my dad said. He’s always been so sweet to me.

So with that, I took a breath, and let go. My jeans darkened and my butt started to get completely soaking wet. Being a teenager, of course, I began to cry a little bit. I sat there in a puddle of my own pee and said through a face full of tears, “I’m so sorry.”

“Don’t apologize, honey, it’s okay. We won’t ever mention it again,” my mom said.

Once we got home, I jumped out the car as fast as I could and ran to my room to shower and change. I threw my wet jeans into the laundry and actually threw my panties away. I couldn’t bear to ever wear those again, not because I peed in them, but because I peed in them in front of my parents.

