The Frozen Tundra

Author: weakbladder

*000*2013-02-05 07:33

Hello there ladies and gentlemen. Tonight, I, your humble narrator shall grace you with a story.

I returned home from work (I tend bar) quite late, and not particularly desperate. Yet this changed quickly, I decided to question two facebook friends on their most embarrassing stories while drinking some sangria. I decided to play a little game with myself. If they gave me a wetting story where they were old enough (I'd say 14 or above) for it to be really embarrassing I could go relieve myself in the rest room (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh) But if they were not however going to answer in this fashion, I would have to drink more sangria and hold it. It turns out my friends hadn't had an accident that they would tell me about since age 9. This caused much drinking and I soon gave up on the topic, Though one of my friends did have a bed wetting story. Maybe I'll tell that one later.

I about 9 glasses at this point, and it was getting difficult to hold. I while back, I was a skilled and tried hold artist. But those days are not these days. Since then I have developed an (involuntary) bed wetting habit. A few nasty UTIs and rather quickly, reduced my bladder down to the kind of girl bladder that needs you to stop driving ever 45 minutes to go.

I decide to go for a walk after one more drink, and as you shall know if you live in the northern portion of the earth we are in the depths of winter. I began to struggle with my little girl bladder as I set a place for me to squat and pee on the side of the road. Assuming I could make it there. There gods did not have this planned for me as I squirted leaving my driveway as I had a full on legs pressed together feet as far apart as possible accident as traffic drove by. The feeling of the warm pee flowing down my legs and the sound of it hitting the dark pavement was sublime. 

I about faced and double timed my way home. But as some of us in the more frozen parts of the world know, liquid doesn't do to well in the old. As I found myself hobbling home my legs became more and more cold and uncomfortable. I stopped again to release some more pee to warm them up. Yet this warm delight quickly turned to a frozen mess. I found on my walk the pee LITERALLY FROZE TO MY PANTS AND LEG. I kid you not folks, frozen pee on these legs.

I finally got inside and examined the damage. I noticed a unique and strange zig zag formation on the edge of the wetmarks down my legs. I'd say it must be from the cold. After a few moments of being inside, in these wet jeans of mine I felt a trickle down my legs. But I was sure I wasnt peeing. The pee was melting off of my legs. It was like I wet myself all over again.

Well, Thats all for me.

Quite desperate again, must go,

Weakbladder

This happened shortly after I finished writing this. I just managed to change into sweat pants ^.^


