Best wetting experience with my wife

Author: peemanbob

*000*2013-11-17 22:24

So I just introduced myself in the "introduce yourself" forum, and thought I would pop over here to share the best wetting experience I have had with my wife. Like I said in my introduction, she feels like peeing on herself is gross, and apparently doesn't like the feeling (I honestly don't see how that can be possible), so what happened in this story was completely unexpected... which honestly made it even better.

We were laying in bed, can't remember if it was morning or afternoon. This was also on the first bed we had, and I think we already had a new bed that we were planning on getting, so the fact that we had no waterproof protection on our mattress never really entered my mind. We did have a pillow top mattress cover, and I think I was laying on top of all the other covers and blankets though, so they did help a little.

Anyway, we were laying there, and she mentions that she has to pee, but she was comfortable laying there. At this point she did know about my fetish. After saying that she didn't move, so I thought her need must not have been that bad, but after a few more minutes she brought it up again and added that she guessed she needed to get up and go to the toilet. When she moved away from me, I grabbed her arm and said "No." She just turned back to me and said "Do you just want me to pee in the bed?" Well, she must have really been comfortable because when I said yes, she just replied "I'll try, but I can't promise anything."

Whoa.

When she said that I think my arousal went from around a 0.63 to somewhere around a 7 (on a scale of 10 of course). At this point I still had her arm in my hand and I looked at her and said "wait, I have a better idea." I pulled her to me and she rolled until she was basically sitting on my lap, while I was laying down. She knew what I wanted, and within seconds I felt my pants start to get wet. My wife, the woman who does not like pee, was wetting her pants, and my pants, at the same time. There was only one word that could describe this moment...

D-A-M-N!

Of course at this point there was only one place this could go, and as soon as her bladder was empty our wet pants were off and I showed her exactly how aroused she made me. It was by far the best wetting experience I have not only had with my wife, but it was the best wetting experience I have had so far. Just typing this up has got me up to about a 6 on the arousometer... I think I might need to go see what my wife is up to ;)

*003*2013-11-18 21:17

I have been wanting to at least get a waterproof matress cover for some time but we just don't think about it enough. Honestly, I think if my wife was into this as much as I am, then it wouldn't be nearly as exciting. Because of who she is and our lo e for each other, it makes the rare times that she does indulge me even that much more special.

