Desperate and Wet Up North

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2014-09-05 00:59

Several years back, 2007, I was up north for a friend's wedding. The day before the wedding, some of us dropped acid, including me. Sometimes, when I'm tripping, I won't realize I need to pee until it's an emergency, and of course, I had one of those moments during that trip.

We were hanging out in the cabin. We had peaked earlier while hiking through the woods, and we were all feeling nice and mellow, looking at the dead flies in the windows and staring at knotholes, pointing things out to each other. I was called over to look at "a rainbow bug", so I got up, and as I did, I realized my bladder was going to explode. So, instead of checking out "rainbow bug", I was dashing out the door, grabbing my crotch. The cabin didn't have a bathroom, just an outhouse, but I hadn't used it since childhood. I'd usually just go around to the side of the cabin and do my thing, but that day, there was no way I was going to make it there; I'd barely made it out the door.

I was already leaking, so I just squatted down and tried to pull my little white shorts to the side, but it was cumbersome, because I couldn't stop peeing; they were all wet and sticking to me. I just kept peeing through them until I could stop long enough to pull them down. After what felt like an eternity, I finally stopped peeing. I didn't have any choice but to pull my wet shorts up and go back inside. My ass was totally soaked, my undies were totally visible through the wet cotton, and amazingly, no one noticed. I slipped into my room and changed into dry undies and jeans. It had never felt better to be dry :)

