Describe your last genuine childhood accident

Author: Barry

*000*2015-02-21 03:25

I started this same topic thread on another site a while ago, and got some great stories from it. Let's see if the same applies here.

The last real, genuine wet pants accident occurred with me a couple of months before my 13th birthday. Here's what happened.....

Back then, the Sunday paper was delivered on Saturday night, and I had a paper round. It was a good route. It went about a mile or so down a busy road with houses along the full length of one side. The other side had a pub on the corner, a few houses, then a race course. I would walk the side with the houses first, pulling a little cart with my papers in it, then cross the road, visit the small shop with my papers, have a drink, then walk back past the track to the houses on that side, finally finishing at the pub. It was great, because just the shop and pub alone was worth about 20 papers.

I would get to the pub last, and mum would meet me there. She didn't like me going into a pub full of half drunk people at 8 o'clock on a Saturday night. She would come in with me, then we would walk the 2 blocks home in the dark together.

It was winter time and cold. I wore a pair of brown corduroy jeans and a flannel shirt. (Mr fashion statement!) As I walked along in the cold and growing dark, I felt the urge to pee. Not badly at first, but building up. I finished the first side and went to the shop, where as usual they gave me a can of coke. After drinking this, I continued on doing the remai houses.

By the time I got to the race course, I was badly needing a pee. The cold night air and the coke teaming up to do a number on my bladder. Once past the track, there were about 10 houses left before I met mum outside the hotel. I was really bursting at this point. I don't remember, but I must have been holding myself a bit or something without conciouslly doing so because mum noticed and asked me if I needed to use the toilet.

I admitted that I did, and she told me to ask the barman, Tom, if I could use their toilet before we left. I said I would. I entered the pub with mum and it was gloriously warm with an open fire going. Heaven after coming in from a cold winters night.

I walked around selling my papers. The patrons as usual were well lubricated and gave good tips, as well as lots of good natured teasing. I always felt self conscious about the drunken laughter, but the tips were good! I sold what I could and started walking to my cart at the door with the last of my papers, planning on using the bathroom before I left. The next thing I know, I stumbled a bit and dropped them! They went everywhere. Supplements and lift outs all over the floor, followed by a loud cheer from the whole bar and more teasing. It was all in good fun, and nothing nasty, but I felt so embarrassed. Even more so when mum came and helped me pick them up.

I gathered my papers quickly and left, dropping them in my cart as I walked out. "Aren't you going to the toilet?" Mum asked, but I was way to embarresed to go back in again. I told her I'd wait till we got home, which was only 10 minutes away.

As we left, my forgotten need was re-awakened first by mum reminding me, then by the cold night air. I hadn't seemed to need a pee as badly in the warmth of the bar, but now the cold air was playing havoc with me. I couldn't recall ever needing a pee so badly.

I kind of lagged behind mum as I pulled my cart. My left hand now unashamedly clenched on my crotch like a little kid. I had stopped resorting to that long ago, except when I could enjoy a pants wetting in private, like while swimming. I didn't have much choice now though. I was holding myself through my courdroy pants to literally stop myself from leaking.

We crossed the last road on the way to our house when disaster struck. I was to concerned with my despetstation and not paying enough attention to my cart. I stepped up onto the footpath and the wheels fell into a drain grate. I had to stop and turn around. Mum was in front and hadn't seen me stop and kept walking. I pulled on the handl but it was well stuck. I had to let go of my willie and pull the cart with both hands. Suddenly it came free and I stumbled backwards.

The cart wasn't the only thing that released. My bladder let go a bit as well, and I peed quite hard for maybe 4-5 seconds before I quickly clamped my hand back onto my jeans again, stopping the flow. Mum had noticed that I had stopped, and was waiting for me. I kept my hand on the wet fabric of my jeans as I felt panic setting in.

I was going to be a teenager soon, and I'd just wet myself a bit. And there Ma be more to come!

I caught up with mum and she commented on my holding myself. "You look like your bursting Barry. I told you to go at the pub. Don't worry. We'll be home in a minute and you can do a wee in the yard."

I just nodded. While she wasn't looking as we walked under a street light I had a quick glance at my jeans. I had a classic wet spot. Perfectly round, the size of a softball, but nothing in my legs, yet. Using my hand again as cover, I squeezed myself through the wet fabric. I felt another leak dribbling out and squeezed tighter, actually stopping and bending over. Mum looked back and saw me and said "for goodness sake. Give me your cart and you run to the yard before its to late."

Knowing it was already to late I did as she said and ran. I made it home and went to the side yard where I leaked a bit more as I struggled with my zip. I finally got it undone and had a huge pee on the grass, feeling very warm in the crotch as I did.

After I finished, I snuck inside holding my remaining papers in front of me to hide my accident. I put them on the bench and hurried to my room. I looked in the mirror, and was greeted by the sight of a very young looking boy staring at me with very wet pants. The brown corduroy showed it off perfectly.

I undressed, and hid my jeans and undies beneath my bed. I put my pyjamas on and went to the living room. Mum told me I needed a shower, so off I went. After my shower, back in my PJs again I walked from the bathroom and heard mum calling me from the laundry. I went to her and found her holding my jeans in one hand and my undies in the other.

She was mad. Not because I'd wet myself, she had seen how badly I needed to go and knew it was an accident, but because I hadn't asked to use the loo at the pub. I got a lecture about how it was less embarrassing to ask for a toilet than to wet myself. She even told dad later, and he told me off as well.

But it must of worked. That was the last time that I (accidentally) wet myself as a child. But I still did on purpose when I could though.

So come on people! Tell your stories!

