Viewed Desperation and Wettings from the Art Festival (Mostly Female)

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-05-26 14:17

I used to work for a food vendor at a very large art festival in the United States. The first year I could not choose where I wanted my table to sit, but the second year I was considered the supervisor of the food truck so I registered early and was able to pick a spot in view of the porta-potties. This particular art festival was held in a warm part of the country where September is generally warm or slightly chilly, but this year it was cold enough that most people were wearing pants or sweater dresses with thick tights. I will use this post to update the desperation and wettings I viewed throughout this festival, especially since I was placed at a very convenient spot.

On the first day of the festival it wasn't very busy near my part of the fair grounds until about noon where I was given a sudden rush of customers. Once the rush died down, I noticed many women and men using the porta-potties but so far hadn't witnessed noticeable desperation yet. From working this festival in the past, I was well aware it was more of an adult environment and beer and wine were sold near an exhibit that was (ironically) placed near an exhibit displaying alcoholism through several forms of medium. I waited patiently throughout the day until around 3 pm I noticed there was a significant line forming around the porta-potties, mostly women. There were a few men mixed in, and only about three porta-potties available for use in this specific part of the fair grounds. I took this moment to "take a break" and stand in the longest line to get a better view of desperation.

All of the lines were about eight or nine people long and after I joined four people had joined behind me. To my left I noticed a woman, probably in her early thirties with brunette hair up in a bun wearing a thin cardigan, a white top, and light wash jeans with black flats. She was on the slimmer side but looked pretty busty for her small frame. She was fidgeting a little bit and tapping her feet impatiently. She kept looking at the lines around her to see if any were shorter but she was only two people ahead of me so the lines were only expanding. I kept focusing on her throughout our wait and watched her grow from what I would assume to be moderately needing to pee to desperate.

She was shifting around pretty often and muttering things to herself I could not hear, but could only assume were things like "hurry up." She started crossing her legs but uncrossing them often, noticing that I was staring at her. She had moved up in line about three people, meaning she had six or so to wait through. I pulled my cell phone out and started staring at it, acting as though I was text messaging even though I was really using this as an excuse to watch this brunette woman struggle with her bladder through my side vision.

The fifth person entered the porta-potty and the brunette woman was obviously growing desperate, not able to stay still for longer than a few seconds. Her hands were rotating near her crotch but she had not yet reached the point of holding herself. She was twisting her body and had her legs crossed at all times now, and had unbuckled her belt. Her jeans were still very tight and I imagine they were cutting into her bulging bladder. When the third person went in the brunette woman looked extremely pained and was hopping around so obnoxiously I was started to wonder if she was going to leak a little bit into her jeans. She finally tapped the woman in front of her on the shoulder and said "Excuse me. Would you mind if I went to the bathroom before you? It's an emergency!" The woman in front of her was in her late sixties, and just kind of scoffed at her and said "Have four children and then try to tell me about pee emergencies. You can wait."

I considered letting this woman in front of me because I almost felt a little guilty but my fetish took over and I continued watching her have a full on pee-pee dance two people away from relief. I imagined she must have been visiting the beer/wine station to be as desperate as she was, so I understood how quickly her need to pee increased to a near accident. She was placing her purse directly in front of the crotch of her jeans and holding herself with her other hand. Finally only the elderly woman was in front of her, glaring back dirty looks at the brunette woman for so publicly displaying her need. The elderly woman went in to the bathroom and seemed to be taking quite a while, probably just to be cruel to the desperate lady behind her.

The brunette woman was obviously pretty close to an accident and I was beginning to wonder how much longer she would be able to hold out. Knowing she was so close to relief must have increased her need because she dropped her purse and was openly holding herself with both hands. She looked so adorable blushing and squirming and I couldn't keep my eyes off of her, but the elderly woman finally came out and the brunette woman went in. I then realized I was at the front of my line and the next to go in but didn't want the miss the brunette woman leaving so I let the young girl (maybe 18 or 19?) behind me skip.

The brunette woman took such a long time in the porta-potty I was pondering if she had been holding back an enormous amount of pee or if she had accidentally wet herself. I was at the door again when the brunette woman finally came out, still blushing but looked much more relieved. Her cardigan was tied around her waist which led me to believe she MIGHT have had a few leaks but she also could have gotten too warm for a sweater. I like to believe she had a small accident and was trying to cover a wet spot with her cardigan but I suppose I will never know.

Thanks for reading and I will continue to update this thread if anyone would like to hear more stories of my art festival viewings!

*002*2013-05-27 08:21

Update by request :):

Another great desperation (and wetting!) I witnessed was a group desperation at the end of the day. This was during the same festival year that was a little chilly, on the second day of the four day festival. There were a couple of desperate ladies that day, so I will describe them first then get into the most arousing portion of the day.

While I was day dreaming into space and re-filling the fountain drink syrup, I looked up to notice a woman (maybe late twenties, early thirties?) a few stalls away looking confused. She came up to me and in very broken English (with a heavy french accent) she asked where the bathrooms were. I pointed to the porta-potties and she glanced at them, shook her head, and repeated her question. This time she pointed to her crotch a little bit and did a mock pee-pee dance, trying to demonstrate what she meant. I think she wasn't sure what porta-potties were and was looking for an actual building with toilets, but unfortunately we were on a fair ground that only had porta-potties on each side of the festival.

There were supposed to be a third set because some of the fair attendants had placed complaints last year but (lucky for me!) the third set either wasn't ordered or never arrived. I tried to explain to this French woman again that the porta-potties were the bathrooms, but she still looked confused and asked if I spoke French. I said no, but directed her to a large exhibit maybe a football field length away that featured several European artists. She hurried off, much faster than anyone with the average need to pee was and I watched her walk away. I couldn't really see much but blonde hair at this point and I sort of forgot about her as I dealt with customers.

About ten or fifteen minutes later I saw her walking back toward to porta-potties, quickly, the same way she had rushed off toward the exhibit. There weren't any stalls open (which was pretty usual since there was a toilet shortage) but she joined the shortest line of only two people. While she stood there her legs were crossed and she was rubbing her nylon tights together. The next person came out and she was the only person left in line. She started almost marching on the spot and kept crossing and uncrossing her legs. She rushed into the stall and came out not long after, looking relieved and walking at a normal pace.

###

Now for the best story of the second day:

I had closed up my booth even though the festival was open for another two or three hours since the company didn't want to pay us for the least profitable hours of the day. A lot of the vendors had already closed up but the exhibits were still open and a few of them involved lights and music, so night time was the best time to view these exhibits. I was stuck on my side of the festival all day so I walked to the other side, which was quite a party environment. There were live dj's set up, LED lights, and one exhibit that actually had naked men and women dancing behind a curtain so you could only see their shadows. This side of the festival held a younger crowd and I would say most of the crowd was in their late teens and early to mid twenties. There were quite a few attractive women dancing around, obviously a little intoxicated off the beers and glasses of wine in their hands.

I had been watching one group in particular that seemed to be the most intoxicated of all. They weren't sloppy or falling down, but obviously having fun dancing under the lights and attracting attention of almost every man at the festival. It was a group of four girls, all college aged, and all of them youthful and cute. The prettiest was a short haired brunette with hot pink streaks, sporting a nose ring, some ultra tight skinny jeans, a cute pair of boots and a black v-neck sweater.

There was a freckled red head with a pony tail who was very tall, maybe 5'10. She was wearing a gray sweater dress with nylon tights and a black cardigan. The next friend was a bit curvier, a little of the thick side, and looked Latino. She was wearing a white top and hot pink jeans that glowed in the black light. Her hair was extremely curly and I loved how bouncy it looked when she was dancing around. There was a blonde with dread locks, on the busty side, that was maybe 4'11 tops. She was rocking the hippie look with bell bottom pants and a tie-dyed t-shirt under a peace sign jacket.

I decided to join the party and grabbed a glass of red wine, started feeling a little buzzed (I'm a light weight for sure!) and got closer to the girls. Several men were trying to dance with me but I wasn't trying to get felt up all night so I joined the group of girls for a little protection. A few men would try to join but it was easier to block each other in a group. The girls invited me in and we danced for a good thirty minutes before Pink Hair mentioned she needed to find a bathroom.

Curly hair said she didn't really need to go and we should wait but Dreadlocks interjected and said her "teeth were floating" so she was going with Pink Hair. I mentioned I needed to go too (I didn't really but I wanted to follow them around) and we all headed off in search of the bathroom. The ladies had no idea I worked there so when they wandered aimlessly around and were going in the wrong direction I just kept encouraging them further and further away from the porta-potties. Neither of the bathrooms were clearly labeled so it took awhile before Red Head figured out they were probably closer to the entrance, stating she thought she saw them when she walked in. We all headed toward the porta-potties and I noticed Dreadlocks was jiggling around a little bit.

When we were about five minutes from the porta-potties Curly Hair and Red Head both admitted the alcohol was catching up with them and they really needed to go too. What the girls had not realized was there was only a set of four porta-potties and there was going to be a huge line because of all the heavy drinking going on. Once the porta-potties were in view the girls were shocked how long the lines were! I was surprised myself, it seemed like each toilet had almost fifteen or twenty people at each one. One of the porta-potties had an OUT OF ORDER sign on it so there were only three bathrooms available. While there were a couple of men in each line, most of the men had taken to walking behind the porta-potties to relieve themselves. The girls moaned and groaned at the sight, but quickly joined the first line. They were obviously a little drunk because none of them realized it would be faster to split up into separate lines, but I wasn't going to mention it.

Pink hair and Dreadlocks seemed to need to go the most, and both were crossing their legs and exclaiming "Hurry upppp!" I'll try to transcribe this conversation the best I remember it:

Dreadlocks: "Ugh, I shouldn't have had all of those beers. I feel like I'm about to piss myself."

Curly hair: "I told you not to drink so much! You're such a light weight, you can never hold your pee. Remember that time you peed your pants after that frat party?"

Dreadlocks: "Shut up! C'mon, we were all trashed and Red Head wouldn't pull over to let me go on the side of the road."

Red head: "There were cops! I shouldn't have been driving anyway and I wasn't going to risk getting a ticket just so you could pee."

Pink Hair: "Well, thanks for that because it was MY car and it still smells like piss. Oh my god these people need to hurry the fuck up or Dreadlocks won't be the only one with pissed on pants!"

We had moved up in line maybe four people and by now every one of them was crossing their legs and visibly in need of a bathroom. Pink Hair had one of her hands holding her crotch and didn't seem to care about it. I suppose booze (and needing to pee so badly) will do that to you! Curly Hair scolded her for it but Pink Hair didn't seem to care at all. At this point I actually needed to pee a bit since I hadn't been since my lunch break and watching all of this desperation wasn't helping me out any. Red Head was bobbing around considerably but seemed the shyest about talking about her need.

This is where things really get interesting! A few cops showed up to catch drunk drivers and noticed the men taking advantage of the grass as a toilet. The cops announced on a bull horn if anyone were to publicly urinate they will be ticketed, fined, and maybe even arrested. A couple of the guys groaned but joined the line. I wasn't really paying attention to them since I'm way more into female desperation but the presence of the cops made Dreadlocks really upset.

Dreadlocks: "Fucking cops. I was just about to pop a squat behind that table because I seriously am about to piss myself."

Pink hair: "Can we just leave? It'd be faster to go to the gas station up the road than it would be to wait for all these fuckers to get out of here."

Redhead: "Hellllll no. None of you are fit for driving and if we are going anywhere we're taking a cab because I'm already on probation from Curly Hair's weed."

Curly Hair: "I'm sorry! I forgot I left it in your car! But seriously, let's call a cab because I can't wait much longer either."

Pink hair called a cab service but they couldn't be there for another fifteen minutes. We had moved up where Redhead was maybe five people away from relief and while she didn't seem to be in the most need she was standing at the front. The girls decided to stay in line until the cab arrived and whatever was faster they would take. Dreadlocks was now bent over and holding her crotch super tight. She was about at breaking point and said: "You know what? I am not going to piss myself at an art fair.

No way I'm going to pee myself twice in one year." She then bolted off toward the DJ booth, probably to hide behind the stage. Mid-run up a slight hill she froze, grabbed her crotch, and realized she couldn't make it any further and pulled down her jeans and starting peeing full force onto the ground. She wasn't lying about needing to go and for such a small girl she really could hold a bladder full. Watching her pee made me feel my need a little more, but I was entranced and couldn't look away. Her stream was still going full force and a huge puddle was forming beneath her into the mud. She was a little uphill and her pee river began to spill down toward the porta-potties.

Seeing Dreadlocks pee inspired two girls from another group to sprint over to her spot and pull down their pants as well. One hid a little behind the dj booth but she was still slightly visible and her puddle was spreading. The other was likely too desperate or drunk to care and joined Dreadlocks just as she was finishing up and pulling up her jeans. Dreadlocks had probably peed for a total of almost two minutes and she was walking back looking pleasantly relieved. The second girl that had run up to pee had a small wet spot on the back of her jeans and whipped them down before she had a chance to take off her underwear (or maybe she didn't want everyone to see her butt?) She peed through her pink boyshorts and a wet spot spread along the back while her piss burst out in a heavy stream onto the ground.

The cops noticed the commotion and while Dreadlocks had rejoined the group empty, the other girls were caught. The first girl had finished and was dressed by the time the cop came up but he was still writing her a ticket and scolding her. There were more cops now than I had noticed before and they were patrolling around the porta-potties, making sure no more people were going to pop a squat. The second girl the cop caught hadn't finished peeing yet and stood up while she was still mid-stream. A wet spot spread across the front of her jeans and spilled down her legs as she was ticketed.

Pink hair was squirming around and so upset because she was considering emptying her bladder behind the booth as well. Curly hair was now holding her crotch and suggested they try to look for the other porta-potties. No one knew where they were but me and while red head only had a three person wait, these girls were too impatient and figured the other set was closer. I said I knew there were some on the other side but didn't mentioned how far they were, partly because I needed to go too, but mostly because I wanted to see this scene last a little bit longer. Pink Hair shouted at me for directions and I told her the correct path. She ran off full run and I quickly followed behind her, wanting to see her desperation.

I also at this point was a 6 on the desperate scale and I don't like the feeling of being full too much so I wanted to get to a bathroom as soon as possible. Every step hurt my bladder so I don't know how Pink Hair was sprinting along so fast. Curly Hair and Red Head were also on a fast pursuit while Dread Locks had disappeared. We weren't very close to the other bathrooms yet but were away from all of the open exhibits and there were only dim lights leading us to our destination. Pink Hair continued to speed on but I noticed a wet spot forming on the back of her jeans very slowly as her urine leaked.

She slowed down and held herself until she was completely stopped. I stopped too but Red Head and Curly Hair kept speeding along, although they weren't running anymore, more so fast walking. Both we holding themselves off and on. Pink Hair crouched down and peed through her jeans, a steady stream that erupted onto the ground while she groaned in relief. She eventually quit crouching and just sat in the grass, defeated, peeing her jeans until the urine stopped bubbling up and spilling around her. I helped her up and her entire ass was covered in leaves, dirt and a little bit of mud with a giant circular wet spot.

At this point Curly Hair and Red Head were out of sight and I bent down to help Pink Hair up. I was starting to squirm and wriggle myself so I decided what the hell and looked around, noticing only three or four people within my sight. I walked behind an empty vending station, pulled down my jeans and released my bladder. I didn't create nearly the stream Dreadlocks did but when I stood up I felt significantly lighter and more relaxed. Pink Hair asked me to help her find her friends, so we walked toward the other side of the fair grounds. Along the way we ran into Curly Hair pulling up her jeans, having to stop and pop and squat because her bladder couldn't hold out any longer. I kept trying to glance at her pants to see if I noticed a dark pink stain but I couldn't tell.

We found Red Head at the porta-potties and she was the only one in the group that actually made it to a proper toilet. Curly Hair used her cell phone to call Dreadlocks so they could all go home, but I knew they were all too wasted to drive themselves. They had abandoned the cab idea a long time ago and since Pink Hair was so filthy and covered in urine, they didn't think any driver would pick them up. I offered to take them home since I wasn't drunk off one glass of wine and I had a very old Volvo so I really didn't care about some mud and pee on my seats. The girls took me up on my offer and by the time I dropped them off at whoever's apartment they were at (I can't remember) Dreadlocks and Curly Hair were already mentioning having to pee again.

That was a long one! More to come!

*004*2013-05-27 11:58

The following stories will be the first year working the art festival. This year it was a seven day long festival (the time frame changes on how many artists have exhibits, what vendors are available, and how many booths are set up to sell art through, how many tickets pre-sell, etc.) If there are too many exhibits to fit on the fair grounds we use some artists can only show their exhibit or booth for a limited period of time.

At that time I spent the first three days next to another vendor that sold tea, coffee, and espresso drinks. We were next to an exhibit that was a participation exhibit. In this one, there were three different closet sized enclosures that had multiple televisions on every wall and showed several short clips of videos or photographs. On each screen there was a different video and each room was provided with headphones that expelled some type of music, sounds, or a mash up of strange noises. The enclosures were to run for five minutes, then the participant would be let out. The participants were video taped the entire time and at the end of the festival the artist was going to make a mash up of their reactions and show it on a big screen. The artist, a very eccentric but interesting man, had explained to me that each enclosure had a different theme; fear, tragedy, and arousal. Participants were not aware of which booth they would arrive to.

One woman, late twenties, with a shoulder length brown bob wearing khaki shorts and black top went inside the first exhibit. On her way out she had visibly wet her shorts out of fear. I wouldn't have noticed this wetting if I hadn't been bored and staring directly at her as she sped out of the exhibit. Her face was tomato read and when she walked away I could see a visible pee spot on the back of her shorts.

###

During the fourth day of the festival I was moved to the very middle of the festival, with porta-potties at the entrance and exit. A woman in her mid to late thirties arrived at my booth asking if I knew where the restrooms were. We were supposed to be provided with maps to hand out to guests but I had run out already and I was feeling cruel/bored, so I wanted to see if I could extend her bathroom break. "You know what? They forgot to give me a map, would you like me to call the front table and ask where they are located?" She said yes and I dialed a fake number, then said "Hm, no answer. Here let me call the coordinator and see what I can do. I called another fake number and said "Hi, this is X at X vendor, I have a question.

Oh yes, I can hold.' I pretended to hold for about six or seven minutes, all the while watching this woman impatiently look around as though she would be able to find the toilets. She crossed her legs a few times and had her arms crossed as well. Finally I ended my fake phone call and told her where the restrooms actually were and she sighed loudly asking if there were any closer. Before I could say no she asked if there was an employee bathroom.

I lied and said yes but they were for employees only and you had to have a badge to get inside. I asked if it was an emergency she said "Yes, yes, a complete emergency." I did a fake phone call again to buy more time, then told her that unfortunately, she would have to go to the porta-potties. She cringed when I said this and sped walk toward the bathrooms.

###

On day five the artist across from me was selling alone at her booth. Her art was mostly paintings, but she also had sculptures, framed original prints, and some blown glass work. She usually had a partner but today she was all alone. I had a partner so I could take bathroom, food and cigarette breaks whenever I needed them. The festival began at 10 am and I had noticed this women (Jessica) had not once left her booth at four pm. She had an empty bottle of water on her desk and had also come to my booth a few times for sodas and snow cones. There was no way Jessica wasn't bursting by now, it had been seven hours since she was able to get relief and she couldn't leave her art alone because she was afraid her register or art would get stolen. It was hard to see her behind the booth so I walked over and started asking her about what she's sold; etc. She had her legs grossed and her face was grim, but she wasn't shifting regularly yet.

Me: "Are you alright? You seem ... pained."

Jessica: "Yeah I just need to pee pretty badly.'

Me: "Oh, I'm sorry. I know you can't just leave everything alone."

Jessica: "I'm actually thinking of packing it up early even though I could use the money."

Me: "Yeah, I hear you. I have a really small bladder so I need to go every hour or so or else I'm busting at the seams."

Jessica: "Actually I have a pretty strong bladder and can usually go awhile without the bathroom but I must have drank at least six sodas and three bottles of water. This heat is killing me but now my bladder is."

Just then a few customers arrived at her booth and started questioning her about her art. I continued to watch her squirm while she answered questions. When they left thirty minutes later she bit her lip and finally packed up all of her things and rushed out to her car to put away her art and use the restroom. I've always wondered how much her bladder could hold but I assume quite a bit if she drank what she said she did and gave up a money making opportunity to take a pee.

*005*2013-05-28 00:21

Back to the first year of the festival:

I was located in the middle of the festival again and started to feel my bladder swell so I started to walk toward the bathrooms located the back end of the festival. This was a year of one of the bigger festivals and there really weren't enough rest areas to accommodate how many guests had shown up (hence the complaints the second year.) On my way I passed one of the beer/wine tents and since I had a thirty minute break and my boss wasn't around I stopped at the tent. Before I could place my order a blonde woman in her early forties named Cassandra bought me a beer. I thanked her and she smiled at me and asked if I had any cigarettes, telling me she had run out. I did, so I let her and her friend Jan (long wavy light brown hair and blue eyes) bum a few and we chatted as I sipped my beer. Cassandra was wearing a black halter top with a white skirt and Jan had on a floral sundress.

Me: "How are you guys enjoying the festival? What exhibits did you see?"

Cassandra: "It's great! We came last year and had such a blast. So far we've gone to (I forget which exhibits she said to be honest)."

Jan: "We've spent more time drinking beer than drinking in art, haha. What about you?"

Me: "Oh, I actually work one of the tents but I have been to so many of the exhibits already. I actually really need the bathroom and my break will be up soon so I should head off but it was nice to meet you!"

Jan: "Oh thank god, you know where they are? I've been trying to get Cassie to come with me for like an hour but she wouldn't come with me and I know we'd lose each other."

Cassandra: "Oh fine, I'll come with you. Hey babe, can I get another cigarette?"

Me: "Sure. Oh man, I've been chugging iced coffee all day, I really need to go."

We walked toward the porta-potties which actually weren't too far away but my eyes nearly popped out of my head when I saw the line. There had to be at least thirty people in each line and it was a mess, mostly just a mass of people waiting to release their bladders. There was no way I could get back to my vendor booth before my break was up and I know my co-worker needed to pee before I left so I know he'd kill me if I wasn't back to "relieve him."

Jan: "What the fuck?! Are you sure these are the only ones? I really have to take a wicked piss." She crossed her legs and bent over a bit, then kept her legs crossed.

Me: "Yeah, they really should have more. I don't think I'll have long enough to go."

Cassandra: "Maybe we should just go back to the beer tent and wait until the lines are shorter..."

Jan: "No fucking way! I know you like to wait until you pop but I don't have any room left in here and I need to pee so badly."

So Cassandra might be a desperation lover, eh? She was shifting a tiny bit so I imagine she had more of a need than she let on. Jan was jiggling constantly and I could see her clenching her jaw and softly holding her stomach. I myself had my legs crossed and watched the line of maybe twenty people in front of me, which made my heart sink. I checked my watch and only had twelve minutes left of my break. I was enjoying Jan's desperation but I was so full myself I was having difficult focusing on her.

While we continued to wait I noticed a younger girl, probably 19 or 20, toward the front of the line at her absolute limit, holding her crotch and bent over so forward. Her medium brown hair was up in a pony tail and she was wearing ripped jeans and a blue top. I pointed her out to Cassandra and Jan, so Cassandra could watch and Jan could feel more desperate. Cassandra had her eyes glued to this girl and I noticed her licking her lips a tiny bit watching this poor girl struggle with a bladder full of urine. I heard the girl's boyfriend say "Ew, what the hell?" And watched him kind of shove her to the side.

A wet spot formed on the back of her pants and spilled downward, cascading down her legs and spreading toward her butt. She turned around and I could see the front of her jeans darken with pee. She really couldn't hold it anymore and she ran off behind the porta-potties, sobbing with embarrassment. I noticed a few others in line jiggling with crossed legs, especially a man wearing a baseball cap. After watching this escapade Jan put one hand into her crotch and groaned a tiny bit. She recovered but said she was about to be that girl in the next few minutes. I realized my break was almost up so I took out my cell phone and called my co-worker. "Hey, I know you really need to pee and so do I but this line is ridiculous and I haven't had the chance to go yet. I'm sorry, but I can't come back yet."

There was a moment of silence and then he said "Well...uh, you don't really need to come back because during a lapse I just turned away and used the bucket because I couldn't wait any longer. I'm sorry, I know that's kind of gross but -" I cut him off to tell him I'd be back in five minutes and if he could block me I'd duck down and use the bucket too. He agreed and I told the girls I had to go back to work and left. Jan said she was about to give up and squat behind something so I invited her back to the booth and told her we could use a bucket while my co-worker blocked but I got to go first. Both women followed me and Jan obviously needed to go before I did but I was still pretty full. Cassandra was pretty quiet and I assumed she was also pretty bad off but didn't want to mention it. We got back to the booth and I walked behind the station and said "Alright, John, sorry to make you watch but all of us need to go and...yeah, you're our guard."

He didn't seem to mind, or if he did he didn't mention it. We didn't have any customers at the moment so I pulled off my underwear underneath my skirt, squatted over the bucket and let loose. I sighed in orgasmic relief as I heard my urine loudly hit the bucket and echo. Jan couldn't stand the sound of my relief and I looked up to see a stream of pee spill down her leg onto the ground. She stuck her hands into her crotch again and she barked at me to hurry up. I finally finished and stood up, about to pick up the bucket to pour it out a few feet behind us but she grabbed it from my hand and stood over it, hiking up her dress.

She had on a pair of white panties that were already stained yellow a little bit in the front and peed through them, either thinking it would take too much time to take them off or realizing they were already wet. She was a little drunk so I know she probably didn't care about anything but emptying her full bladder. Cassandra was watching her closely but had her legs crossed and I don't think the sound helped her desperation any as well. I couldn't see Jan's stream but based on the loud sound the force of her relief made she really needed that pee, much worse than I did.

John was blushing a bit but kept his head forward and stood guard. Just as Jan finished and popped up a group of three customers came up and me a John took their orders and served them. By the time I turned around I noticed Jan squatting down, sliding off her underwear and throwing them in the trash can next to us. The bucket was more than halfway full of urine and I was amazed the two of us managed to fill it that much.

Cassandra finally admitted she needed to pee as well and pulled the bucket slightly back, lifted up her skirt and started to pee a steady stream into the bucket. She didn't squat over it completely but just crouched slightly and stood with her legs wide apart. She wasn't wearing underwear and I could clearly see her trimmed pubic hair and see the stream of urine. John was trying to stand in front of her and I realized customers could see her since she didn't squat; two men were staring widely at her. I pulled Jan near me and we crowded Cassandra while she peed and peed.

Jan: "Damn, Cassie. You and that bladder of yours. I don't know how you do it."

Cassandra smiled and said: "Hey, I've proved it before and I'll do it a hundred more times, you pissy sissy."

I noticed the bucket was almost full and told Cassandra she had to stop soon or it would overflow and spill around John's feet. She grimaced and managed to cut the flow with a few dribbles still coming out every few seconds. She stepped away from the bucket and I struggled to pick it up but realized there was no where I could dump it that wouldn't be really obvious since it reeked of urine and was such a large amount of liquid. I asked Cassandra if she could hold the rest of it and while she considered it for a minute, she grabbed an extra large cup from the counter and crouched down this time, filling the cup to the brim.

I couldn't see her stream but it overflowed a bit and pee spilled onto the ground. She managed to cut the flow but when she pulled the cup away she demanded a new cup "RIGHT NOW!" I reached for a new cup but could only find a very small cup, the kind bartenders give you water in at a bar. She filled it immediately and then just kept crouching, wetting directly onto the grass. Luckily the grass soaked up her pee decently and she stood up a few seconds later.

Me: "Wow, you weren't joking about that bladder of steel. I think you had a keg in there!"

Cassandra: "Yeah, I'm used to holding it often. I'm actually an over-night nurse and we don't get many chances to take a break on a busy night. Sometimes I have to go an entire fourteen hour shift before I get to let it out."

Cassandra pulled Jan over to her and gave her a wet, passionate kiss on the lips which led me to believe they were a little more than friends. Cassie left me her phone number on a napkin and mentioned we should get coffee some time. Jan told me they would be back on the weekend and if I was going to stay late I should call them. I kept in touch and will update later what happened! ;-)

*006*2013-05-28 03:03

I have a notebook full of all of my desperation/wetting experiences from these festivals because I wanted to remember details (clothing, ages, names, etc) and I just found it this morning so I have even more experiences than I thought I did to share! I worked this festival for five years so I'm not really doing them in order, just mentioning my favorites.

During the third year of the festival there were actually four sets of porta-potties (boo!) because there were so many complaints from the last few years. This festival has been going on for awhile but I'm not sure of the restroom quantities before then but many customers complained (and some vendors/artists) to the point that more restrooms were added. Lucky for me during my third year I had quit working for the food vendor (just not enough money) and the guy I was dating had some friends on the coordination committee so I was able to set up the exhibits, hire vendors, sell tickets, etc. This was a better gig because I was able to walk around the festival more, enjoy the exhibits, see more desperation (yay!) and be more involved.

Before the festival started we were selling tickets both in person and online, as well as reading reviews from the previous year so we could figure out who to sell tables too, what exhibits were the most popular, etc. While reading through reviews I found many complaints about the toilet situation and I will include some of the best, longer complaints that were more detailed. There were plenty that were just short "not enough bathrooms" but some were really long (and exciting). I still have these complaints, by the way! They were mostly online so I printed them out to put in my notebook.

Complaint # 1: (Karen ******)

"I have always heard great things about (X Festival) and even though it was out of state my friends have raved about this fair and told me nothing I've been to in California would beat it. I was skeptical but met up with a couple of friends along the way, bought a plane ticket, and went. I went for the four day pass because it was the best deal and was really excited. While I wasn't disappointed with the artists or some of the art I took home with me, the biggest problem was the lack of bathrooms. I thought for such a huge fair there would be actual bathrooms, men and women, when all that was available were a couple of porta-loos.

I hate these bathrooms because they really aren't sanitary and don't smell the best so I avoided them at all costs but there's only so long you can wait when nature calls. Day one I started at the side entrance of the fair because it was hard to find parking and we were having a blast. I didn't know there was going to be alcohol but I like a fine wine and the selection was great so I drank quite a bit. Anyway, by the time I needed to head to the restroom I had no idea where they were and couldn't locate a map to even find them. There were no signs and I kept going back to the side entrance thinking there would be some but couldn't find a bathroom in sight.

I was really bad off by then and finally asked someone that directed me to some at the end of the fair. I walked over there, thinking I'd find a building of restrooms, but was disappointed to see only four porta-loos with huge lines. My friends and I waited for such a long time that one of my friends ended up having an accident and another decided to use the bushes. I'm a lady and refused to do so but I had a very long wait and let's just say I got there just in time. The porta-loo was filthy and while beggars can't be choosers, I really expected better.

The next day I really didn't want to use the porta-loos so I only stayed for a few hours until I felt the need so I could head back to the hotel. I tried to return for the night time music but couldn't find parking so I really lost out on money. The third day I just didn't go until the night time and the fourth day my friends convinced me to go back and just use the porta-loos. I did but there were really crowded lines and it just wasn't up to the standard I expected from (X Festival). I won't be returning this year."

Complaint # 2: Brad ****:

"I have been trying for years to get a table at (X Festival) and was so excited to finally land one. I paid really good money to get my art on display and while a lot of it sold, I wasn't treated as well by the security and heads of the festival. First of all, I was promised VIP passes for my friends and family that I wasn't given and when I asked about them no one knew what I was talking about. The food was pretty good, but I expected more variety. There was only one vegan friendly station and I got stuck eating there all week. You guys seriously need to get ontop of the bathroom situation because there are way too many people for like, ten bathrooms. I'm used to music festivals where there are only porta-potties but at least they spring for twenty or thirty. You'd think such a popular fair would be better about providing some toilets to use but there were seriously none.

I had to leave my table a few times to use them and while I had other artists I came with watch my table, I would be gone for almost thirty or forty five minutes just to take a leak. I loved the atmosphere and business was great but I couldn't enjoy it as much as I wanted to because I had to pee like a racehorse almost the whole time. Eventually I just started walked into the parking lot and relieving myself behind cars, which I noticed a lot of other people doing as well. A lot of my customers complained about the bathrooms and some even left because they needed to go to a gas station or grocery store to go to the bathroom. I think you guys would get better business if half of the fair didn't have to pee behind cars or wait in crazy lines. I applied for a co-table this year and am really excited to go back because it was over the top but I wish the bathrooms would be better."

Complaint # 3: Brenda *******:

"I took my oldest daughter here for her birthday since she's been begging me to go every year. I'm not that into art but she is so I tried to enjoy her present and walked around all day. The weather was nice so it wasn't a big deal but when it came time to find a bathroom I was disgusted to only find portable bathrooms with huge lines. We searched for other facilities but nothing was available. I'm not as young as I used to be and waiting a half hour for a bathroom just isn't acceptable. I've never seen such poor organization and was really unimpressed. I wanted to leave but my daughter was enjoying the exhibits so we stuck it out all day.

By the end of the day I had already been back to the gross bathrooms again but my daughter hadn't and really needed to go before we left. We're staying at a hotel in (x city) so it would take a long time to get back with traffic so we waited and waited and waited. The crowd was really impatient and my daughter tried her best but ended up wetting her pants like a child because there weren't enough bathrooms. She's a 20 year old girl and I've raised her to have great bladder control so don't think for a minute she has medical problems or anything. It was the most humiliating day of her life and she cried the entire way back to the hotel in her wet clothes. I'm not coming back and I doubt she will either."

Complaint # 4: Paul ***** (worked one of the wine areas):

"I'm not am amateur to large events and my company has hosted some of the biggest parties and festivals in the country. We're a fine wine distributor and expect our clients to treat us as such. I do appreciate how our business was handled and the financial gain, but I have never seen so many upset customers in my life. Your festival was wonderful and many guests enjoyed themselves, but the bathroom situation was not up to par with what I'm used to. In four short days I witnessed at least five people have accidents, two of which were almost directly in front of my booth, which is unsanitary.

I understand customers do get intoxicated and can't always find the facilities in time or don't choose to stop drinking beforehand, but most of this was because there weren't enough facilities. I received many complaints by customers and even had a few stop ordering drinks because they were afraid of not being able to use the restroom if they drank. One woman actually disgraced herself by ordering ordering an extra large cup of wine, poured it out, and urinated into it right in front of my booth with people walking around. I recommend more bathrooms in the future since that was an oversight."

Complaint # 5: Samantha ***** (she had a really long review with a lot of complaints so I will start at the bathroom part):

"I also had to wait almost an hour each time I wanted to use the bathroom, which is not only uncomfortable but also wasting a lot of time I could have been enjoying what I paid for; THE ART. I didn't want to spend forty-five minutes staring at the back of everyone's head texting on my phone, I wanted to view the art and take some pictures for the magazine I work for. No one wants pictures of a bathroom line, even though I took one to put in my review because that lost your festival a few points in my book. I had to come every day because I was paid to review and photograph the event but I was really tired of needing to wait forever just to pee. I have a small bladder and I can't be expected to wait all day like I'm a Nascar driver.

I usually have to go once every two hours but at your festival I had to wait until three or four because I was in line or was busy and didn't want to go stand in line. I'm ashamed to say this but one day I had to actually go out to the parking lot and squat behind my car because it was either that or my pants. On the last day I had to dehydrate myself all day just to make sure I wouldn't be uncomfortable all day."

###

I hadn't realized until I went through all the complaints that so many people were using the parking lot as restroom. I'm surprised I hadn't thought of it sooner but there is some parking security outside and you have to leave the event. I also forget that when you need to go, you take whatever chance you can get to relieve your bladder. Because I knew this fact I spent some time my third year scouting the parking lot. I had more responsibilities this year but more free time because most of my job was planning and solving problems whenever I heard my phone ring. This year did have more bathrooms but any big event always creates some bursting bladders, so even more bathrooms and smaller wait times won't keep people from squatting down. I will describe a few of these emergency wettings in my next update but I need to go relieve some needs of my own. ;-)

*007*2013-05-28 12:31

So a short one from the third year. I obviously was able to walk around more because of my new position so I took this chance to seek out anyone looking desperate or saying they needed to pee, then discretely followed them.

I had just finished supervising an exhibit while the artist left to relieve himself and get a snack when I noticed a group of two men and one woman approaching the exhibit. The woman was wearing tight jeans, ankle booties, and a short sleeved top and looked to be in her late twenties maybe? I'm not the best with ages but I do my best to guesstimate. The festival is 18+ because of some of the nudity and content of the festival so I always know everyone is at least 18 but never sure how old. Anyway, the woman had her brown hair tied in a pretty fishtail braid and was about 5'5 and somewhere between average to a little chubby. One man she was with was wearing a red jacket and the other one had on a black shirt. I was just about to head off to get lunch when I overheard this conversation.

Woman: "Alright, this is the last one because I need to pee."

Red: "Seriously? You JUST went! I swear you girls can't hold on to save your life."

Black: "Yeah, what do you have a bladder problem or something? Try going on a road trip with her, she has to stop at like every exit."

Woman: "Shut up! Fine, whatever, I'll wait."

She was blushing and obviously embarrassed her friends were picking on her. I loitered around looking at the exhibit and pamphlets, but mostly just trying to find out how badly she needed to pee. She was holding her stomach a little bit and crossed her legs every once in awhile, but I couldn't tell if she was desperate or just wanted to find a toilet soon. Her friends were taking a really long time looking at the exhibit, taking pictures, and talking with the artist so I sat down on a bench nearby and lit up a cigarette. The woman noticed me sitting down on the bench and decided to come join me, probably because it's easier to hold a full bladder whole sitting. I introduced myself and asked if she was having a good time.

I mentioned I worked for the festival and she told me she was an artist so we had a long conversation about how much tables cost to rent/other work things in case she wanted to set up an exhibit or a booth in the future. She had her legs crossed but didn't mention anything about her bladder. I offered her a cigarette and decided to open up the conversation to see if she was on the shy side or willing to talk about her need.

Me: "Ugh, I've been so busy all morning I wasn't able to stop for a bathroom break. I really need to go." (total lie, I didn't need to pee at all)

Woman: "Tell me about it. I don't want to lose them since we didn't bring our phones and this place is huge but I could really use it too."

Me: "Yeah, I hear you. Will they not come with you?"

Woman: "No, they keep calling me a sissy because I have to go so much. I drink a lot of water and it really goes right through me." (she was holding a half empty bottle of water as we spoke and kept taking small sips out of habit.)

Me: "Oh well, they'll come around eventually. I have a really small bladder, I think I might bust a seam if I don't get to a bathroom soon."

Woman; "I'm hoping they will let me go once they're done with this exhibit."

We sat for a few more minutes and she rejoined her companions. I followed them discretely to the next exhibit, which was one that showed a twenty minute film. It was an enclosure that let 15 people in at once and the artist sold $5 tickets to each person viewing. Red and Black insisted on buying tickets since there were only four spots left but Woman complained she needed to pee. The guys bought their tickets and told her tough luck so they went inside to wait for the film and she stood outside looking toward the entrance and back toward the direction of the porta-potties. I walked up to her and "accidentally" bumped into her.

Me: "Sorry! Oh, it's you! Did you get the chance to go?"

Woman: "No, not yet. I don't want to wait through this movie but I'm scared I'll get lost if I leave. Did you get to go?"

Me: "No, I had a phone call and needed to visit an exhibit to fix a problem really fast. I have an idea! Let's go together and I know this place like the back of my hand so I'll take you back here once you're done."

She agreed and we walked over to where the furthest porta-potties were. She knew there were others I'm sure but was so intent on talking to me and following my direction she didn't notice. By the time we reached the porta-potties she was squirming and tapping her feet, occasionally crossing her legs. It wasn't the worst line I've seen, only five people or so, but she had finished the rest of her water bottle and constantly complained about how she needed to go. I realized I needed to fake a little desperation myself so I complained and crossed my legs too.

I decided I wanted to extend her desperation a little bit as well as wanted to see her pee instead of make it to the toilet so I whispered that I couldn't wait anymore and was going to my car to open the door and squat beside it. At first she mulled it over and looked at the line, but as soon as I started walking away she followed me. We walked out the side entrance and I remembered I had parked really far away so I was happy to watch her squirm and wriggle as we walked. Her hand occasionally touched her crotch but so far she seemed in control. Suddenly she stopped and bent forward a tiny bit, then complained how tight her pants were. I looked closely and they were very tight, obviously cutting into her overfilled bladder.

We reached my car and I took a minute to search around for my keys before opening the door and making sure the coast was clear. There were a few people walking around but not many and parking security wasn't anywhere within sight. I told her to go first and she quickly started unbuckling her belt and jeans. She tried to unzip them but her zipper got caught and she started to panic and grab her crotch. She kept pulling at the zipper until she asked me for help. I crouched down and purposefully put one hand on her bladder and used the other to pull hard on her zipper. While I tugged at the zipper I pushed on her bladder and she squealed and grabbed her crotch with both hands.

Finally I was able to get her zipper down and she tore her jeans and panties down, revealing a small brown landing strip and an otherwise shaved vagina. She crouched down and urine exploded from her urethra, a little of it splashing up on her shoes. A puddle formed beneath her and spread, running backwards down a slight slope and it raced to the bottom. After 45 seconds or so her flow became a dribble and she stood up, pulled up her panties, and sighed, leaning against my car. She seemed exhausted.

I asked if she wanted me to turn on my car so she could rest in the air conditioning and listen to music. She obliged and I pulled down my shorts and peed as well, but I barely needed to go so my stream wasn't very impressive. I climbed into the driver's seat and we rolled down the windows a bit and smoked cigarettes. She asked if I minded if she lit up a joint because the pain from holding it was aching. I said I didn't but declined her offer since I don't smoke weed and watched her smoke. Once she was done we continued listening to music and I noticed it had been more like 45 minutes than 20 but she didn't seem in a rush to find her friends.

About ten minutes later she said she was desperate for a pee again. I was surprised but then remembered that even if you're not drinking alcohol, when you have a lot to drink and need to pee badly you usually "break the seal" and get rather desperate quickly. I watched her climb out and squat behind the door again, this time peeing less than before but still quite a bit. We went back to the festival and I told her I needed to leave to work on a project so she was on her own finding her friends. After some relief and a little bit of a buzz she didn't seem to mind and wandered off.

*008*2013-05-29 05:12

Let me know if you guys want me to keep posting! I'm not the best story-teller and I'm kind of shy about being in such a large active community.

*009*2013-05-29 05:46

Discussion of male desperation/wetting (mild)

During my second year at the festival when I was still at the vendor station I ran into an artist that was very eccentric and he fancied me quite a bit so once the shop closed he asked if he could take me out to dinner. I said sure but wanted to change first. I lived probably thirty five minutes from the festival. He wanted to take me to a nicer place so he stopped along the way and puchased me a dress, heels, and a shawl that I looked lovely in. I felt strange accepting gifts from someone I barely knew but we got along every well at dinner. I found out he was a quite popular artist (whose name I choose not to reveal) and was visiting the festival to see if it was a fit environment for some of his projects. He worked a lot with nudity, but also did many popular pieces where he would leave a woman or several individuals inside of a glass enclosure for anywhere from 12-48 hours. His work dealt with human emotion, and pushing people to their limits physically and mentally.

The festival has a different theme throughout and exhibits that are more more artistic and eccentric are grouped together. He wanted to set up an exhibit next year but didn't think this crowd would appreciate it. I made a suggestion that he put multiple men or women inside of an enclosure throughout the exhibit but have a constant supply of beer, soda, beverages, and food available. He pondered this for a moment and said "A desperation fan, are we?" I was a little shocked since at this time I hadn't explored much of the internet to know that omorashi was more common than I had ever known. I blushed and nodded.

We started to discuss the possibilities. Do we use men or women? Both? Do we provide a place for them to urinate or must they urinate inside their enclosure. He admitted he was considering doing this exhibit in New York City, so it would be unlikely he would be there for year three. We kept in touch and he gave me descriptions of the events that I loved so much I booked him for year four. That exhibit is a story for another time, but I want the male desperation lovers to know there will be some coming up.

*013*2013-05-30 09:45

{{:

If you have more stories with female i would like to read them

}}

I have many, many more with female desperation/wetting and I will keep posting them! I'm not very into male desperation so I really didn't take notice of it. There will only be one more post about male desperation and it's a follow up of another post and I will preface that it's male only.

{{:

Me too, that was a great read.

Have you ever had an accident yourself (hope you don't mind me asking)?

}}

I have many more and will try to keep posting regularly! I literally have an entire notebook full of five years of viewings so I am posting the best ones. I only have one more male post and I'll do that a bit later, the rest are female. Thanks for reading! :)

I don't mind at all. I actually have never had an accident as an adult aside from one time I wet the bed when I had a UTI. When I was in the second grade I had an accident when my teacher wouldn't let me use the bathroom. It wasn't that big of a deal, but it kind of made me mad at the time because she yelled at me until I cried about how I should have gone at recess but there was a classmate of mine that wet his pants regularly and didn't get scolded. It didn't strike my mind at the time that he might have had a medical problem and was probably spoken to about it before several times, just not publicly.

{{:

What a great story. Even if the artist hadn't read your mind, where your mind was going was really interesting.

}}

We discussed it at dinner, and since then we kept in touch I brought it up again in the future. He actually did do the exhibit with men at a different festival right after our third year and he told me about it and sent me pictures. I don't have them anymore because they are on my old phone but I will see if I can get pictures from a friend of mine that happened to be there. The fourth year I was on a committee and would receive requests from artists so I called him personally and asked if he would like to do that specific exhibit on year 4. He actually did do it, which I will update. I wish it had been women because I'm way more into female desperation

*014*2013-05-30 12:41

Just female this post. Also, it's a bit of a long one with a lot of background details, so I'm sorry! I like to set the mood with as many details as I can so you guys can see the experience similar to the way I've seen it.

This is from the second year of the festival, I think on the third day. I was in charge of the vendor booth and had two co-workers, but sometimes we only had one and the other would go home or just be on call. This day was projected to be rainy which at an outdoor festival that means slow. I told Sarah she could have the day off and only had Brittany come in. Honestly, I didn't like Brittany very much but Sarah had mentioned her friend's birthday lunch was that day so I would rather she have it off than Brittany, even if it meant having to deal with negative nancy all day.

I was right and the rain really killed the crowd. Tickets are sold either in advance (cheapest) or at the door and are available in one day or multi-day passes. Tourists usually opt for multi-day passes while locals usually just buy one days at the door so the tourists were still keeping the place alive. There were booths selling umbrellas and ponchos so those that wanted to tough it out did, but I only had a few customers and the toilet line was nonexistent aside from maybe one person waiting two minutes. I was really bored and the fact that Brittany was showing me texts of a fight between her and her boyfriend about if weed is a drug was really getting on my nerves. I asked if she wanted to go home since it was slow. We had some people but I could handle it alone and even if it picked up a bit I can usually handle myself on my own when the girls take their lunch breaks.

Brittany left and the rain lightened up a bit but the crowd was still slow and I didn't have much to do. An artist from another booth came up and asked if I could be bothered to make her a special pita. I gave her hell about it but didn't mind since it was the same pita I make for myself and decided to make two and have a snack. I was chopping the cucumbers really thin (we don't keep them out pre-cut but I always have a few under the counter for special pitas. Cucumbers cost extra and weren't even on the menu so most people didn't ask.) While I was chopping the cucumbers I accidentally sliced into my hand.

The artist grabbed me some gauze and medical tape and I sanitized the station and cleaned my cut, but it hurt quite a bit. Anyway, the sun came out and with that it immediately brought in locals or those that chose to stay at their hotel. The crowd was steady, which I didn't expect although I should have planned for since this day was 10% off an item at any booth; the artist could choose the item and there was only one per person. The tickets were handed out at the entrance and these days are done one day every festival and usually slam the place, but I hadn't accounted for that since I was so worried about the rain. I can usually work pretty quickly and run the place alone but the crowd was growing and my injured hand was slowing me down. I even noticed the bathroom line was growing and was irritated I didn't have a spare moment to leer.

I hated to do it but I called Sarah and explained the situation and asked if she could come in. She said she could and I apologized because she was missing her friend's birthday lunch but she told me it was almost over and she was about to get a cab home. I asked if she was drunk and she hesitated then said she "had a few but wasn't drunk, just tipsy enough to not want to drive.'' I told her if she felt fine to work it wasn't a problem if she came in (I let employees drink on their breaks and as long as they aren't plastered it isn't a big deal). I offered to give her some cab fare. She agreed and when she showed up fifteen minutes later she looked stunning and seemed maybe a little buzzed but was okay to work.

Sarah is 5'5, with a platinum blonde shoulder length a-line bob. Today she had her hair spiral curled and was wearing a white headband, white leggings, black 2 inch heel boots and a black blazer with a black sequined top. I always hear people complain about leggings as pants but I found this outfit really sexy. Sarah also is pear shaped and has a small waist with wide hips and a great, plump ass so I wasn't upset at all about her attire. I could see a lace yellow thong through her leggings, but only if I looked really hard (which I did!) She wasn't busty, maybe an A cup, but wore push up bras and had a fantastic body with a lot of definition.

Sarah got to work right away and was in a great mood so I was enjoying conversing with her. She's really funny and we still keep in touch. I found out through

Facebook recently that she is regularly doing stand-up at a local comedy club and even got to see a video of her performing! She's a hoot. Anyway, the rush came quickly and with my hand it was kind of hard to get pitas made quickly without hurting my injury. Sarah and I work great as a team and I later hired her for year three to promote, sell tickets, and even perform once the night time show added a stage with a stripper pole (we have both worked as exotic dancers and knew eachother from a club we had worked at.) Anyway, back to the fun parts! Sarah had been there maybe an hour when she mentioned having to pee.

We still had a steady line and when she glanced at the porta-potties the line was about nine or ten people long for each toilet. She grumbled about the line and said she'd wait to go until the line died down because she didn't want to leave me with a steady crowd for a long time. When I looked at her she wasn't outwardly desperate, but seemed tenser and shifted from side to side pretty often.

About another twenty minutes passed and the lines only got longer and longer. We were still steady and Sarah was starting to look anxious. Her gaze was almost exclusively on the porta-potties watching the line. She was fidgeting more and crossed her legs once or twice but still seemed under control. I figured the alcohol was probably working it's way through her system. I've also never heard her talk about needing to pee or seen her use the porta-potties but I figured the alcohol was making her more open. I also took advantage of her buzz to pry a bit inappropriately since I didn't think she'd mind. The following conversation ensued, but because we spoke between customers it took about fifteen minutes to get through.

Sarah: "Ugh, these bathroom lines need to get shorter. I'm glad we are so close so I can at least watch and figure out when to go."

Me: "That bad, huh? Well, we are getting less business so why don't you take your lunch break once it's 3 and I'll handle this myself.

Sarah: "Yeah, pretty bad. I usually can hold it but those beers are going through me. I also "broke the seal" before I got here so that's not helping at all."

Me: "Oh wow! You broke the seal and are still okay? Geeze, I would have wet jeans by now if I had drank. You must have a huge bladder."

Sarah: "Well...I guess I never thought about it but I guess I do. My friends always go to the bathroom more than I do and I hate using public bathrooms so I always try to wait until I'm at home or at a really clean bathroom before I go."

Me: "I'm surprised you'll use the porta-potties, they are kind of gross and I hate using them."

Sarah: "I actually haven't used them yet, but I'm getting pretty bad off so I will have to suck it up and use them."

Me: "That or a bucket!" (thinking back to the first year with Cassandra and Jan and me peeing in a bucket behind the booth.)

Sarah: "Oh god, no! Never! I can't even pee in the woods, let alone with a bunch of people around."

Me: "Seriously? I thought you went camping all the time with your boyfriend."

Sarah: "Oh, yeah. The sites he wants to go to never have bathrooms so if we're going to be there for one night I just hold it until morning."

Me: "Wow, 24 hours? I could never wait that long, you're impressive!"

Sarah: "Oh no, I'm not. About a day and a half before I take diuretics, get all the liquid out of my system and then dehydrate myself so I won't need to pee as much. It's unhealthy, I know, but I can't pee in the woods. I've tried and tried but can't."

Me: "Well with a hold like that I'm surprised you even need to visit the porta-potties right now. Have you seriously worked all day and never used them?"

Sarah: "Yeah, I actually really need to pee, like seriously, but I bet it's the booze and breaking the seal. You know how it is."

Me: "Yeah, I feel you. I still don't know how you wait all day here, sometimes it runs pretty long and I know you visit exhibits after."

Sarah: "It's a nightmare, really. Yesterday I thought I was going to pop, I was using all my strength to not go. I drank a bunch of water yesterday and had to pay for it."

We continued to serve customers and since we started the pee discussion her need must have increased greatly because she was fidgeting and crossing her legs off and on. It was about three now and the customers had slowed so I let her take her 30 minute break. She immediately bolted to the shortest line (13 people, I counted) and stood there patiently waiting. She was easy to spot in her white leggings and no one had come up behind her yet so I had a great view of her ass as she shifted and jiggled. Now that my attention was on the lines I noticed several women that looked pretty desperate and was starting to get turned on.

I assume all of them had to go badly enough to seek out a toilet, but waiting and knowing relief is close increased the urge. One lady was wearing black jeans with a black jacket that was wiggling quite a bit. She had four people to go and was starting to go into pee-pee-dance mode. She seemed embarrassed and stopped but stood with her legs crossed the entire time until the man before her came out. She rushed in, nearly knocking the man over.

I had some more customers but all of them just wanted drinks so it didn't take me too long to serve them. One customer (male) became chatty with me and this was our conversation below:

Me: " Is this your first day or have you been here before?"

Him: "Nah, second day. My girl wouldn't come out but once the rain cleared up I came in. I reaaaally wanted this print and after some negotiating got it 10% off!" (he held the print up for me to see.)

Me: "Oh, that's awesome! Why didn't your girlfriend come, did she not have fun?"

Him: "No, uhhh...we had a run in with the cops last night and she didn't want to come back."

The accident of Pink Hair and Dreadlocks happened the night before and cops were around so I hoped it had something to do with this.

Me: "Oh no, what happened? Are you guys alright?

Him: "Yeah we're fine. We were here late and one of the toilets were broken and she needed to pee."

Me: "And how was a cop involved?"

Him: "Well she waited in line for a really long time and I was suggesting she pop a squat because a few girls already did and I had peed in the bushes but she wouldn't. There were cops around and she knew she'd get in trouble so finally we left and headed back to our place because she really had to go. I was speeding like a mother fucker to get home fast and got pulled over. He did a sobriety test on me and during that she pissed herself in the car. I only got a ticket but she was really mad and didn't want to come back."

Now back to Sarah. She had two people in front of her by then and I couldn't keep the best eye on her but she looked like she had her legs crossed and was fidgeting a tiny bit. Unfortunately there were so many people behind her I couldn't see her well at all so I only got to see her go in and come out after a long time looking relieved. She smoked a cigarette and then came back over to the booth and sat down. There were no signs of wetness. She asked if I would make her a pita and while I did:

Me: "Feeling better?"

Sarah: "Oh my god, yes. When I got in I wanted to leave because they were so gross but I had to go too badly."

Me: "Yeah it seemed like a lot of people did. Those things get so crowded."

Sarah: "Oh yeah! Last night after we closed up I was calling my boyfriend so I sat on a bench and I watched a girl piss herself in line."

Me: "Seriously? Like an old lady accident or...?"

Sarah: "No, probably thirty five. She was in line and I guess already started wetting herself because she left the line and squatted down close to the bench and it was so gross. Didn't need to see that."

By the time we closed Sarah told me she was desperate again and needed to get home. She then remembered she took a taxi and her car was at the pub. I offered to drive her to the pub since we were closed and I didn't really feel like coming back that night. The pub was only ten minutes away but I drove really slow and made sure we stopped at every yellow light. Sarah was squirming and fidgeting in her seat and was obviously uncomfortable. I knew she was sober by now so I didn't mention it but when we stopped there I said I was going to hit the bathroom before I left. Sarah followed me in and took the first stall while I took the second.

The second her butt hit the toilet seat a strong audible stream echoed through the bathroom. She sighed and continued peeing and peeing, her stream not faltering or letting up at all. I was already done peeing, had flushed, washed my hands and checked my phone before she came out. I was amazed by her bladder capacity and made a note to go to more bars with her.

*016*2013-05-30 18:42

{{:

JEEZ! That place is horrible!! But at least it only took them three years worth of complaints to take a hint. At that point I'd just wear a super thick diaper and use it all day for all it's worth. I'd change it like, once or twice the whole time. And they ruined that poor girls birthday party! Poor thing! ;(

}}

Once I worked the third year I realized that a lot of the bathroom issues were due to someone that was in charge of ordering them never being to the festival, never knowing how big the fairgrounds were and not understanding how many people were there. This festival had been going on for years before I worked it but the management in charge of ordering tables, restrooms, all that jazz changed maybe a year before I worked it?

*018*2013-05-30 22:06

Female: I was directly involved with a girl wetting her pants.

Year 4: I was on the committee and had developed more responsibilities, such as finding and hiring more security, dealing with underaged guests, hiring artists, scouting for better vendors, etc.

This fair ground was used for several festivals and fairs, so sometime between the third and fourth year more parking was added, as well as the side exit was shut off, more security was hired, a front entrance booth was added to view passes and IDs. There was also a bathroom added at the entrance that had four stalls in the women's, not sure about the men's. An office was added for anytime one of us needed to cool down, file paperwork, store things for artists, etc.

It was maybe an hour after the festival began and one of our very prestigious fine wine vendors called me to let me know he had two women at his booth that were using fake IDs and trying to buy alcohol. He thought they were actual IDs but not their own so before turning the girls down he told them to hold on so he could get a new bottle then walked behind his curtain and called me. I told him to stall and I would bring a security guard with me to check it out. I raced to his booth and the girls were still there. I gave my badge to the guard and told him to stand back a few feet. One was a 5'4 brunette with her hair in pigtail braids wearing cut off super short shorts and a bikini top.

She was maybe 130lbs. Her friend had fire engine red hair, maybe shoulder length, left kind of messy. She was about average weight wearing longer light wash cut off jeans that were maybe half way down her thighs. She had a bikini top on as well but had a yellow halter top on over it. I walked up to the girls and said "Hey, what's up!" to Paul. "Did you run out of wine because I know you wouldn't be stalling pretty girls for nothing!" I said hi to the girls and and Paul played along and said "Yeah, could you run and get me a second bottle from the storage? I'd appreciate it." I told the girls to wait on a bench and handed each a coupon for buy one get one free meals at one of the vendors in my pocket as compensation for their wait. I walked back up to Paul and he handed me their IDs. They both looked to real but were not the girls I just met. I kept the IDs in my pocket and sat down with the girls.

Me: "Don't worry, I had him call another vendor that should bring another bottle of wine and Paul can get you a discount. I'm freepostage, what's your name?"

Alex: "My name is Emily."

Rebecca: "I'm Samantha."

While having this conversation I leaned in and could smell alcohol on both of their breaths. I waved the security guard over and pulled out their IDs, telling them that these were fake and that "both of you are drinking underage and trying to purchase alcohol underage. That type of behavior can get our festival shut down and you be banned from our festival indefinitely. There are cops on the premise and I could give them these IDs and have them press fines or charges but I'd rather not get the cops involved or keep you out for the next few years. Can you come with me to our office so I can sort this out?"

The girls looked terrified but were not trying to run so the security guy and I brought them into the office. We asked for their real IDs, which showed their names were Alex (brunette) and Rebecca (redhead). Alex was 19 and Rebecca was 18. I was relieved neither of them were younger than that but was still upset underage drinking was going on. Sometimes it's difficult to enforce in this environment but we really do have cops on the premise. Getting shut down was an exaggeration on my part to scare them.

I asked where they had purchased alcohol and they named two different beer stations which I wrote down. I honestly didn't know what to do with them and the security guard had already left so I figured I would bullshit them until I grew bored, felt like throwing them out, or received a phone call that I needed to be somewhere else. They were cute and I decided I probably wouldn't kick them out since I confiscated their IDs but I needed them to sober up first since there were a lot of cops patrolling the area to crack down on drugs, underage drinking, and fights.

I began chit chatting with them and offered them water, soda, and energy drinks from my mini-fridge. Both obliged and I kept taking information of their's I didn't really need to kill time and keep them on edge; phone numbers, contact information, where they worked, what legal trouble they had been in, etc. I still discussed bringing in the cops but told them if they could prove to me why I shouldn't I would not contact them. The girls starting rambling off reasons when I noticed Alex squirming a little bit. She had her legs crossed and I realized I had a desperation on my hands so I asked if they would like to stay today and not get banned.

Both immediately said yes so I agreed they could go back to the festival with their real IDs but they had to sober up first so it wouldn't be a legal issue. I also said I wouldn't call the cops if they cooperated with me. Alex and Rebecca seemed relieved and kept sipping their waters and Red Bulls. I became friendly with them and started asking them about how they liked the festival, where they were from, etc.

Alex: "Is there a bathroom in here? I really need to pee."

Me: "No, none in here. Sorry, but I can't let you out until I think you're sober because there's cops patrolling right outside and it's my ass for letting you go. If you do get caught you might be facing charges and so could my distributors."

Rebecca: "We're sober, I promise!"

Me: "Just like you promised you were those girls in the IDs? You can cooperate with me and I'll let you out when you're sober enough or I can turn you over to a cop and you can pee after you're arrested, strip searched and booked in a cell. Sorry, I know it sucks but you shouldn't have been drinking underage anyway so if you have to pee that's the smallest consequence of your actions."

Rebecca: "Shut up and hold it. I have to go too but I don't need the cops involve. I have...stuff on me."

Alex: "How much longer do you think? It's kind of an emergency."

Me: "Maybe ten or fifteen more minutes. You guys aren't slurring your words much anymore but your breath reeks."

I continued to watch the girls and they chit chatted with eachother. I gave them a pamphlet of the exhibits with a map to let them look through. I didn't ask Rebecca what she had on her but I assumed marijuana or maybe E or cocaine. Either way I really did not want them to get caught by the cops and was enjoying their desperation so I worked on some paper work. Five minutes had passed since I told Alex fifteen more minutes when my phone rang and an artist needed me to sort something out (I don't even remember the problem, but it would only take me five minutes to get to the exhibit so I figured the girls would be fine.)

I told them I needed to leave and when I opened the door they both stood up and walked to the door. I considered letting them go when a cop friend I knew walked up to the door way, said hey and asked if I was okay. He was standing right near the entrance with three other cops and they had someone in handcuffs and removing them from the property. The girls saw the commotion and darted back into the room and sat down on the little loveseat in there. I considered telling them just to go to the bathroom and not worry about it but they had already sat down and obviously wanted to stay, even though Alex was squirming and jiggling her legs. Rebecca had her legs crossed and was trying to hide whatever she "had on her" into her underwear. Seeing the cops frightened them and I need to go deal with this artist so I told them I'd be back in ten minutes and if the cops were gone by then they could go. They both nodded their heads and no one objected.

I walked down to the exhibit and the artist had a large exhibit that was a participation art project. There were art supplies such as spray paint, finger paints, crayons, markers, etc. and at the top of the board it said "What is your biggest fear?"

So far the board was filling up nicely with pictures and words, and I admired it for a few minutes then started working on whatever problem he had. He was also selling glass blown sculptures and bongs and pipes. Once I fixed what he needed he asked if I could check his inventory really fast while he spoke to a customer because he thought some things might have been stolen when he wasn't paying attention. I checked his inventory list and went through the remaining pieces for about thirty minutes before I remembered the girls! I had locked the door when I left and you could only open it without a key from the inside.

I said goodbye to the artist and rushed back to the room. I burst open to Alex standing up in in her soaking wet shorts. There was a visible piss stain on the front on her jeans and she was just standing there in shock. She didn't seem to be upset but Rebecca was cleaning up her mess with paper towels. I apologized to the girls for taking so long and told them they could go whenever they wanted to. Rebecca stood up with her hand in her crotch and darted out the door toward the bathrooms. Alex was still standing there and apologized for messing up the floor. I told her it was okay and it was my fault for not coming back fast enough. 

She had tears in her eyes and I walked over and hugged her. I felt really badly for her and asked if she had her bikini bottoms on underneath. Her eyes brightened as she said actually did. She slipped her shorts off revealing dark purple bikini bottoms. You could see a bit of a wet spot but it wasn't noticeable. I was sympathetic and gave her two free passes for tomorrow and warned her about drinking under age and to not try it again. She sped off toward the bathrooms to find Alex and I was left with a giant puddle of piss on my office floor.

*019*2013-05-30 22:25

{{:

Hm. I think there's a physics that can be taken into account here. For every so many tables people can expect a certain amount of people, which will demand an x amount of restrooms per capita. If you have police ticketing people for popping squats, that's not even fair any more. There's no justice in that. As far as I'm concerned, in a world full of problems, i have no remorse for the people who host the festival, because as hosts, they accept the full responsibilities of accommodating for people. If anyone receives tickets, it should be the owners, otherwise, preferably, the police can mind their own business. Besides, our creator designed the soil to absorb our human waists, so what's the problem? It doesn't appeal to social norms? People need to use their common sense, but not just any common sense, but the common sense that's fully grounded in reason. People need to learn to really think think things through.

Sorry if I got emotional again.

}}

The owners and hosts of this festival were not very involved with it. The main owners didn't even live within the same state and hadn't been to the festival in multiple years, as far as I know. There was a committee in charge of handling complaints and while information was always passed along (how many artists were booked, what the revenue was for ticket sales/artist kick backs, any big problems) the owner either did not read them or didn't take much into consideration. Ticket sales and table sales have nothing to do with how many people will be there because exhibits don't always attract people and neither do tables.

There have been some positively dead years due to weather/other events in the area. Some people pre-purchase tickets because it is cheaper but they are non-refundable so pre-sales don't always mean those individuals will show up. It can't always be projected how many people will show anyway because there are a lot of door sales as well. While the situation wasn't fair, the cops were doing their job by ticketing people and none of this was my fault so I'm not sure why you're upset with me.

I'm not trying to defend the owner because he was out of touch, just trying to explain, but it isn't my fault and when I had more of a say more was done about the toilet situation. This is a forum for desperation/wetting and many situations in which people have accidents a bathroom not being available isn't fair. I was very clear what my stories would involve so if you have a problem with what you are reading you are welcome to not read them at all. I also am an atheist so don't really agree with the with the creator part but whatever.

Conditions were improved with owners/management changed and a better committee was established, which I was a part of.

*020*2013-05-30 23:07

Year 1; female desperation:

As I mentioned previously, the first year I was in the middle of the festival and there were restrooms on each side of the festival but not very many. I kept a log of the desperation I viewed during that time period so I will use this post to point out some of the best ones. This will be a shorter post with less details but I tend to bog down with details quite a bit so I am trying to be less descriptive sometimes.

There was a group of men and women, maybe two men and three ladies, all about middle aged that had stopped at my vending station to order food. I handmade stuffed pitas and while most of the time ingredients were already chopped up, during busy periods I had to chop up vegetables to put in the bins between customers. The group arrived and I warned them it might take a minute for me to finish the ingredients but one of the men told me to not worry about it and they had no problem waiting. The three women were all brunettes; one in a blue top, one in a red top and another with a big sunhat.

Blue top: "Speak for yourself! I've been having trouble waiting this entire time!"

Sunhat: "Tell me about it. I wish I'd held back on the water but I'm so scared of getting dehydrated. Now I have the opposite problem."

Man # 1: "You guys seriously just took a leak. Chill out, me and Man # 2 are fine. Put a cork in it ladies!"

Me: "Did you all want extra large drinks? They are only 50 cents more than the medium."

Man # 2: "Sure, sounds like a good deal to me."

Red top: "No drink for me or I will be crossing my legs all day!"

Man # 1: "I swear, Red Top, you have the bladder of a pea. Every since you had (child) you're running for the toilet like it's life or death."

Red top: "Sometimes it is! Do you want a wife with wet pants or a wife that needs to take a couple of breaks?"

Sunhat: "Oh man, that water is kicking in. My teeth are floating, I need to hit the loo next, even if it's alone."

Man # 2: "You'll be alone, we all just went and I'd rather do more than play pee in a box all day."

The women all decided to use the restroom and walked off in another direction while I finished up making the food. While they walked away I noticed Sunhat was walking kind of funny but I couldn't decide where on the desperation scale I would put her. Later in the day when I took a break one of the women selling homemade jewelry frowned when I walked past. "Going to the loo?" she asked. "Sure am, after a snow cone." She cringed and said "I'm jealous, I'm about to bust but can't go until my friend gets back." She was wriggling in her seat and it looked as though her hand was on her crotch because she had a jacket laying over it. There were beads of sweat forming on her forehead but I didn't know if that was the heat or her need showing itself. I decided to put off my break to loiter around her booth and learned her name was Pam. She had very long brown hair with a streak of gray in the front but looked too young to have grays.

Pam: "Oh my god, what is taking her so long?! She's been gone for an hour and I'm needing that loo."

Me: "Actually, the lines are really long. Yesterday I saw maybe 15 people in each stall, but maybe it's let up a bit."

Pam: "Fifteen! Geeze, she better return soon because I'm not going to make a mess in this chair."

We talked for a bit more before her friend returned and Pam bolted out of her seat. I decided to follow her and watched her hobble toward the other side of the festival, constantly complaining about her need. By the time we reached the porta-potties there were only four or five people in line and she jumped in one immediately. She was becoming frantic now, and I had no idea how long she'd been waiting to go. During the following conversation she jiggled her legs a bit, then bent forward a few times trying to regain control as her bladder contracted. at one point she crouched down and I thought she might urinate through her pants but she didn't.

Me: "I'm sorry you need to go so badly. Did you not get a chance to take a lunch break earlier?"

Pam: "No, I was swamped and wanted to get as many sales as I could. Hell, I haven't hit the toilets since I left my house at 8 am."

Me: "Oh wow, no wonder you needed it so badly."

Pam: "You have no idea. The only other time I can think of being this bad off was when I was caught in traffic on (state road). There was an awful pile up, it was tragic really and I think a young girl passed away. I was home from work at my day job and hadn't gone before I left the office because it was too much of a bother."

Me: "Oh, how long was the traffic jam? I was stuck in one the other day for four hours and by the end of it I took the first exit to find a restroom."

Pam: "Five and a half hours. I was busting full of coffee and tea by then and I'm not in my twenties anymore, I can't handle that type of thing."

Me: "Oh my, really? How did you make it?"

Pam: "Actually...I didn't. I found a cup in the back seat and had to use that. Actually, I used it twice during the jam and by the time I got home I was racing up the stairs of my flat to get to the loo again."

By this time Pam had gotten quiet and was standing with her legs very tight together. Her lip was quivering and she was clenching her jaw. Her hands were balled up into tight fists and I imagine she must have been digging her nails into her skin to help her wait. She was next in line and the man inside was taking a long time, probably about four minutes. Pam knocked and shouted "Some of us are dying out here! Hurry up!" The man yelled back his stomach was upset and Pam looked panicked. Finally he left and she rushed in. She came out dry and I used the bathroom and then took my break.

*024*2013-05-31 10:32

{{:

I strongly disagree with there only being one path in life, anyways awesome stories, I heard Woodstock 1999 also had problems with a lack of facilities availible.

}}

I strongly disagree as well, it just seemed...out of place as a comment in this thread? Eh, I don't know. Thank you for reading! I've also heard that as well and I should look that up for amusement. I'll keep posting more experiences.

