A Wetting Witnessed

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-04-20 20:26

I'll make this quick.

I was hanging around with my best friend. She is seriously hot. I'm not even kidding. Your humble narrator would definatly tap that. She's around 5"7, Dyed purple hair and D sized breasts. She also has an amazing ass which I spend 40% of my time staring at. But what really makes her so damn attractive is her personality. It's completely unpreditable. One minute she's hugging everyone and being nice, next she stabs me with a pen. Either way she get's really close and I think she knows just how attractive I find her. (Funny thing. She had a certain type of dream about me, but that is for another time.)

So we were sat in her room, playing on her Xbox. Sadly we'd ended up playing Call of Duty (eugh). The sad thing being that, though I hate it, I am really good at it. We were doing 2 player 1v1, and I was kicking her cute ass. I kept looking over to her, admiring her features when I noticed she was forcing the controller down onto her crotch area. "...She has just gone up in attractiveness in my eyes." I thought. I decided to start making the game last longer, and allowed her to get some kills. I watched from the corner of my eye as she bit her lip. "Who's laughing now?" she said, grinning. We were on even scores.

Sadly for her, it looked like she was close to losing it, as she attempted to track me down. I decided what I was gonna do. I tickled her. She dropped the controller and began to roll around on the floor. "Oh god that's cheating!" She yelled. I continued to tickle her, getting a quick feel of her damn fine boob, as I did. "Shit! Fucking stop it!" She yelled. My bad mouth seemed to be leaking onto her(I swear alot). She rolled on the floor as my tickling assualt continued. I looked down and saw a wet patch on the carpet. "Erm. -her name-" I said, in my best sounding confused voice. She looked down and saw the patch. "You made me pee you bastard!" I watched as pee continued to drip down her leg. I pooled on the carpet for a few seconds before soaking in. It was such an amazing sight. This beautiful girl, stood infront of me with wet pants.

In my bliss, I negleted to look up at her. Not knowing she was staring down at me. Eventually I looked up and our eye connected. "You're grinning." She stated. "Well. It's kind off fu-" I began. "You never smile." I dawned upon me just what was going on in her pretty head. She sat down in front of me, looking me dead in the eyes. She got really close, close enough so that I could feel her breath on my face. "Why are you getting so fu-" She suddenly put her hand on my crotch, grabbing my penis with her hand.

"Hard" she said. A serious look on her face. Realising that my secreat just may be in trouble, I said the first thing that came to mind: "Get your hand off my dick". "You were enjoying that. You like to see people wet themselves. It turns you on." She began to rub my dick, up and down. I coulden't connect words together. I was screwed. She knew. She then leaned forwards and we began to make out. Things escalated and we winded up having sex. We became friends with benifits. It was beautiful thing. She would wet her pants for me., I'd do her fetish. It was incredible.

Now. If that really happend it would be fantastic. What actually happend was this:

"You made me piss myself!" She slapped me. "Sorry! It was an accident!" She kicked me out. A couple of days later, I was forgiven. I still mention it sometimes. Usually I get stabbed with a pen for doing so, but that memory is just too incredible.

Das ende.

*002*2013-04-21 21:57

{{ 

I'd love to find a female friend who likes those types of games, i'd even be willing to play a really bad game like Vampire Rain if it meant getting to see a wetting.

}}

Likewise. It'd be great.

