Drunk Friend Peeing While I'm in the Room

Author: peelove64

*000*2014-12-31 00:23

So I was hosting a decent sized drinking night at my college apartment last month. It was friends only and there were about 15 of us, about half and half male and female. Now there's nothing I love more than drinking with big groups, as the opportunity for noteworthy peeing mentions/sightings is limitless. Unfortunately, I've never really experienced anything exciting outside of the occasional desperation talk and a few quick dashes behind trees (of which nothing could be seen). This night, however, provided me one of the hottest moments of my life!

Being dumb college kids in our own apartment, the liquor was flowing freely. Everyone knew their limits, yet far exceeded them. We have just the one bathroom, so despite the relatively manageable number of people, the line was starting to grow. Rachael, a blonde haired girl who I've had an interest in for over a year, was one of the three drinking the most excessively, along with myself and our friend Chris. At the same exact time, we all began to feel sick.

"I feel like I might throw up," Rachael slurred to me, "Can you come to the bathroom with me." I stated that I felt similar and eagerly agreed. Luckily the bathroom was empty at the time, so we both sat down on the floor next to the toilet just in case. It's a very small bathroom, the toilet being just inches away from the door. We talked for awhile (during this time I'm told most people ended up peeing outside, which is a sight I regret missing) and after about half an hour the alcohol really began to hit us. You know that feeling when something as simple as standing up seems as difficult as running a marathon? Everything was spinning and we both felt on the verge of passing out right there.

"I really have to pee," Rachael said after some time. This barely even registered with me at the time. "It's ok if you stay in here, I really have to go." That, on the other hand, perked me right up.

"Yeah, no problem," I mumbled, positioning myself in slumped angle so I looked nonchalant while also allowing myself a good view of the toilet. Rachael stood up, stumbled, and locked the door. I urged myself to focus, wishing my head wasn't swimming so I could see straight. Through sheer willpower, I sobered up, to a degree.

Rachael moved slowly to the toilet, catching her balance with every step. She lowered her pants and sat on the toilet. My pulse was rapid, my mind racing. Rachael looked incredible, her bare thighs showing and her eyes closed in concentration. With her focus placed entirely on her aching bladder, she paid me no mind, giving me a chance to watch her even more closely. The quiet tinkle of a light stream and a subdued sigh announced Rachael's relief. I was in bliss, her pee was steadily gathering force. It was almost surreal being in the same room with the girl I like as she drunkenly urinated inches from my face.

Her pee lasted nearly a minute. A few final spurts and then she wiped. I averted my eyes to give her privacy, although I would have loved to get a peek. She stood up and flushed, then sat down next to me again.

She smiled. "Sorry."

"Oh don't be. I have to pee too anyway," I said.

"Do you care if I stay here? I can barely move," Rachael muttered.

"Oh, please, stay!" I thought. "Yeah, that's fine," I said.

I stood and faced the toilet, slightly disappointed that Rachael was curling up in the corner where she wouldn't be watching me (I guess I'm slightly voyeuristic), although it would have been difficult to explain the massive erection I was sporting. I emptied my bladder, thrilled with just the fact that Rachael was in the same room, listening to the loud pattering of my piss. I flushed and decided it was about time we left the bathroom so other people could attend to their needs. I helped Rachael up and we went into my bedroom where we fell asleep listening to music.

Overall, the most erotic pee-related experience of my life!

