Crazy Coincidence Started Something Horrible

Author: peepants1300

*000*2015-05-17 00:14

I am currently doing a role play called In Control with Justice (Check It Out!!) and in it, I put a part where changing make the girl have to go so much worse. Well, this happened to me, and I almost had a very public accident today.

My mom and I had been cleaning the house all day, during which, we had no bathroom breaks. We took a break to buy me some clothes for graduation. We also had to get my grandmother's prescription from Walgreens and get some cooking ingredients from Walmart.

We picked out two dresses and she told me to try them on. I tried on the first one and realized that I REALLY had to pee. She said it wouldn't work and to try on the other one. I did, she said it was pretty, and then she said get back into my other clothes so we could leave. When I got the stall door closed, I squirmed as I got my clothes back on. We checked out and got in the car.

As we rode along, my need became worse. To make it worse, it was pouring rain. Our next stop was Walgreens so I thought I could go to the bathroom there, but my mom went to the drive thru. The lady complained about the prescription problems for five excruciating minutes. By the time we pulled off, I was struggling not to grab myself.

When we got to Walmart, I couldn't help but smile at the thought of relief. So many times during the trip, I had thought I wouldn't make it, and would have an accident in front of my mom. Then....... WE COULDN'T FIND A PARKING PLACE! I could've cried. The third time we reached the front of the building, I asked if she could drop me off so I could go in and pee. She asked if I felt like I was gonna pee myself. (I had told her I had to go, and she had admitted that she, too, needed to pee.) I said I just really had to go. In the next two seconds, we found a parking spot in the front. "Thank God" we yelled in unison and jumped out of the car.

We rushed into Walmart and into the bathroom. One of the stalls didn't work, but she saw that my predicament was worse and let me go first. The relief was amazing.

*002*2015-05-17 05:14

That bathroom is disgusting! I don't know why, but I absolutely refuse to use nasty bathrooms unless it's an absolute emergency or I know I can't go anywhere else.

*004*2015-05-18 21:21

Surprisingly no

