Couldn't wait any longer... (With pics)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-30 12:55

Hi Everyone :)

For everyone who likes description, during this story I was wearing a white oversized t-shirt with lettering, camouflage jeans, black/pink socks, red puma suede trainers, and white/pink panties with cameras on haha.

I had a placement test this morning about the level of my Italian and which language course I was going to be put into. I had some iced tea and some water, generally though I was avoiding anything omo and went to the toilet before my exam, though it did play on my mind a little, there wasn't many toilets and a few students who were shuffling impatiently like they might have needed to go.

Anyway, my mind was focused on my test, which I did, and got told to check the site in a few days to see what class I would be in. My housemate however got told to wait outside, and it turns out she has to go have a meeting with this professor, but we don't know why. So my housemate was stressing, and kept talking to me about stuff.

She was also moaning that the cheese wouldn't come off the pan in the sink, and that the sink was blocked. She left an hour or so early for her meeting because she was so stressed, and I was getting annoyed that she couldn't clean the pan/sort the sink. So she went into her bedroom to get ready to leave and I went to sort out the sink.

As I was stood there pulling some vegetables out of last nights dinner thinking about how I should approach the subject of scraping off of plates, I felt that familiar twinge in my bladder, but my housemate was in the bathroom by that point. No problem, I thought, I'll spray the sink with some cleaner and get rid of the cheese on the pan.

As soon as I ran the water I had to cross my legs, the urge was probably about an 8/10, I was seriously bursting to go. My housemate came out of the bathroom and stood by the sink talking to me about what she should say to this professor. I was literally leaning at the sink with my legs crossed, trying to look as casual as possible while she was talking to me, answering her questions. At that point I knew if I moved I would leak, so I just stayed still.

When she was gone I was trying desperately to get off the last piece of hardened on cheese so I could go and pee, but only about 5 seconds after she left I felt my bladder spasm. Pee shot out of me and into my clothes, but it was only a short spurt, and the desperation stopped for a bit. I thought okay, I can finish what I'm doing at the sink and make it to the bathroom then. Nope. Another spurt hit and I felt my crotch get warm.

I stopped washing up and was about to run to the bathroom when my bladder gave out completely and I peed until my need went from 11/10 to 2/10. I basically soaked myself, so forcefully that I could see my yellow stream come out and hit my leg.

As I was peeing I kicked my shoes off so I didn't soak them and then cleaned up the puddle I made with some kitchen towel. I had pee going from the top of my crotch (got some on my top) all the way to about mid-calf level on both legs.

I took a couple pics and then ran to the toilet to finish up!

Hope you enjoyed it :P

R :) x

My wet clothes

My small puddle lol

My wet crotch from the toilet!

Bottom of my t-shirt

My wet legs

*003*2015-09-30 13:54

{{: 

Very Nice!

}}

Glad you enjoyed it :P

{{: 

That was incredible. I love the detailed description and the photos are fantastic. Wow. Thank you so much for posting. That really helped my peeing day. I peed as hard as I could for 6 seconds or so when I saw them. They were great

}}

Hahaha thank you wetset :P Glad I helped you out

*005*2015-09-30 14:23

{{: 

Excellent as always. It's always better when you've got to hide it (did your housemate really have no idea?) - and, in this case, have no idea how long she's going to stand talking or whether she's going to ask you to come over and help her with something?

}}

She'd actually left thank god and I peed myself right there, 5 seconds later and she would have seen my accident! I'm lucky today

*007*2015-09-30 15:18

{{: 

Wooow soo nice experience. thank you for sharing. cute pictures too by the way :)

Its wonderful to get home from work, reading a nice well written story about the topic we all like

}}

Thank you :) Never a better way to relax is there lol

*012*2015-09-30 18:18

{{: 

It encouraged me to write down one Story of mines :)

}}

Thank you, I just read it!

{{: 

Quite a nice little scene and the pics add to it. Thanks for sharing! Does your housemate know anything about you being into omo?

Quite a nice little scene and the pics add to it. Thanks for sharing! Does your housemate know anything about you being into omo?

}}

Hey there pegasus, yeah, she doesn't but she walked in on me earlier looking at omo stuff on tumblr, and I mention peeing a bit 'too' much lol. She probably just thinks I'm immature or find it funny though. I kind of enjoy letting it slip, but she's not said anything.

{{: 

Thanks a lot for sharing, your stories really brighten up my dreary workday!

I wish I were as brave as you are with your desperation adventures.

}}

Oh, that really means a lot! Though today was far more accident than adventure. One minute I could hold it, the next I was peeing myself, and I could do nothing to stop it, normally I can hold it longer. Later when I was cooking I felt the urge to go again pretty badly so I ran to the toilet and peed with the door open! My housemate was right there at the kitchen table that time lol, I called out 'I'm peeing with the door open'.

{{: 

Another enjoyable story . Thank you for including details of your wetting and pix to put the post over the top.

}}

Thank you very much. If the slightest omo thing happens to me I can't wait to post it, and always try and supply pictures :P

*014*2015-09-30 20:50

{{: 

Nothing like doing dishes to get the bladder going.

Lucky your housemate didn't forget anything and come back in!

}}

Me and running water are going to have to lay down a few ground rules!

Luckily she always struggles opening the door so I would have had some warning time to run and hide haha

*017*2015-10-01 08:53

{{: 

Yet another wonderful story and great pictures. I'm starting to look forward to my daily dose of equusegga pictures, lol. I have a bit of a thing for socks as well, and love your pictures of wet pants and cute socks. Keep up the good work!

}}

Hey Barry!

I will try and keep up with demand lol. Yet another fan of my socks. I like to by a pack of three then mix and match, so they're not quite matching, but not too odd.

*019*2015-10-01 21:28

{{: 

What an amazing story. And incredible pictures, absolutely loved this.

I miss your large bladder and great self control, but at same time the bladder playing up is making for some great accidents :-)

}}

Hahaha yes well, it's getting better, but I just can't resist when I have the opportunity to hold, and then decide later what the outcome will be. And then this time, I really was overly desperate with my housemate ranting and if any of you omo peeps had seen, you would have known instantly, the way I was bent over with my ankles crossed, short, strained answers lol.

*021*2015-10-03 13:17

{{: 

You really soaked yourself this time! Nice shots of your pants and t-shirt. How about a wet panty pic next time?

}}

You got it, if the panties I'm wearing show it up well enough which they often don't :P x

*023*2015-10-03 13:22

{{: 

Oooh, I can't wait! Thanks in advance.

}}

I've considered it a few times but I couldn't get it to work out :P

