Kinky Girlfriend Part 2

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-03-23 18:39

After opening the window with Kinky Girl in the last story, she took things a step further. This took place about a week after the last story.

We were chatting online one night when she mentioned that she didn't have school the next day and that her parents and brother would all be at work and that if I could come over during the day we would be alone for most of the day. I had a class the next morning, but I didn't mind skipping one day of class in order to spend hours alone with my hot girlfriend, undoubtedly having sex in the process! So I said I would be there.

The next day I got up for class like normal but instead of driving to the college I drove to KG's house (I'll just call her KG - Kinky Girl). She met me at the door wearing blue jeans and a very tight t-shirt (and no bra underneath). We kissed and talked for a minute and then she led me outside into their backyard, which was mostly hidden by a fence and trees from any neighbors. She had a plastic lawn chair sitting in the grass next to the patio and she led me over to it and more or less pushed me down in it. She straddled me and begain kissing me and then pulled off my clothes piece by piece and her shirt - but she wouldn't let me undo her jeans to take them off - before spending a few minutes giving me a BJ (at which she was really, really good, but I digress).

Suddenly she stopped what she was doing, slid slowly up my body until she was straddling my waist again and began kissing me and grinding her jeans against my erection. I wasn't sure what was happening, though I was enjoying it. Then I felt hot liquid dripping onto my lap and thighs, and then more of it. She stopped kissing me, looked into my eyes with a mischeiveous grin, and said, "Ooops."

We looked down and watched as she continued wetting her jeans, the excess pee dripping out onto me. I reached down and rubbed her crotch hard while she kept peeing, feeling the hot wetness on my hand. When she finished peeing I ripped of her jeans and we left her wet panties on while we had sex there in the backyard.

She put the same jeans and panties back on again later in the afternoon and wet them a second time, this time standing in the shower, so I could have a better view, which of course led to more sex.

She wasn't shy or inhibited at all. If it turned me on she was willing to at least try it. She even pooped her panties for me once but she didn't care for the cleanup and wouldn't do that again. But she would pee her pants or panties if we had a chance and she could get away with it and be able to clean up and change.

One day we went to the beach, she was wearing a bikini, and we had been swimming and then were laying out on a blanket on the sand. She had me scoot over into the sand and then sat on my lap facing me and peed herself through her bikini, onto my swimsuit, laughing and teasing me the whole time, knowing I couldn't do anything to relieve myself of being aroused by it in so public a place. She then got up and went back into the ocean and I followed her, trying to hide the obvious erection in my swim trunks (they don't hide a thing do they?)

Another time we were back at her house after going out on a date and were making out on her front porch because her family was inside. It was dark and she was wearing a skirt. We were sitting on a bench seat and I had my hand up her skirt, rubbing her panties. Suddenly they got really warm and damp and she whispered in my ear, "A little something just for you." She let me finish her off after that before going inside with the crotch of her panties still a little wet.

I loved that she would do all that and it was really hot, but after a few months she decided we wanted different things and she was going away to college out of town soon so we broke things off.

*005*2011-03-29 13:37

{{ 

How could you have sex while she kept her knickers on? I mean, she would either have had to have given you a hand/blow job or you would have probably ended up pushing them into her orifices, where they would probably have got stuck. Nowadays, I usually have sex with just my flies undone and my manservant poking through. She strips off her tights and knickers (she always wears skirts). This is so it is easier to cover up if the kids come in, which they have done on several occasions.

}}

You push the panties to the side... not that hard. :)

*007*2011-03-30 17:42

{{ 

You guys broke up?! Dude, thats saddening. I wish things we're different for you. You guys were, from what i think, happy together o.o What changed? Like, was it just cause she was going to college? Or was it cause "she wanted different things"?

}}

It was fun while it lasted, but never extremely serious. I got over her fast.

{{ 

I do like the stories of you and KG. Though I'll be honest, it's sad you and Red broke up :( from what I read, you two would of been an overall better couple.

}}

No, Red and I wouldn't have lasted either. KG was less inhibeted and more "fun" in a sexual way, but not a long term prospect for me.

*010*2011-07-05 13:55

{{ 

Ok I know this is an old topic but let me say, HOT DAMN. You were one lucky man! It must have been great while the relationship lasted.

}}

Thanks. Yeah, she was a firecracker for sure. Very hot while it lasted. But kinkiness/sex isn't everything. She wasn't the one for me in the end. A fun tryst, but best that it ended eventually in spite of the kinky fun.

