Wet swimsuits

Author: pkava

*000*2012-05-20 20:40

I grew up in a city, but our family used to take holidays at the sea and at a lake in the country. I loved that you could do pipi in the water and in your bathing clothes. In fact, my mother told me to do it that way rather than exposing myself. So I knew that all the other women and girls did it too. It seemed like a naughty secret that everybody shared. Sometimes I wondered who was going into the water to pee, and how did the boys did it.

In our country girls and boys were seldom alone together. Most of my experiences were with other girls. One summer a friend dared me to pee before going into the water. She said she would if I would, and I remember how excited I felt as we sat on the beach and wet the sand underneath us, giggling like fools and looking around to see if anybody was watching us. After that I was hooked, and enjoyed doing it anytime I thought I could get away with it.

Does anyone else like this as much as I do?

*005*2012-05-24 19:02

@pamaclay, what a nice story. It reminds me of how exciting it was when I first discovered wetting. Bathing suits turned out to be very easy for me. Because they were meant to be wet, and everybody did it. When I began to wet my ordinary clothes on purpose, though, I remember what a struggle it was to finally let myself do it.

I'm glad you managed to give into your urge, and have been able to enjoy doing it since then.

*007*2012-05-26 15:31

For me bathng suits proved to be "gateway" clothing - they opened the spigot and eventually led to other wettings.

*021*2012-08-05 14:05

I spent yesterday at the beach, and got to enjoy this pleasure all day long. My favorite is waiting until I really have to go, then choosing a moment when I think no one is watching. I pee myself sitting on the sand, in the middle of a crowd, but it's my little secret. Then a few minutes later I casually get up and go for a swim to wash off.

