Continued: First Time with Another Girl

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2014-05-12 11:28

Wow! I am amazed at the warm responses my last story got. Thank you all very much for being so understanding and not being judgmental. I was really nervous when I posted it, having never discussed this new part of my private life with anyone but Hannah. In light of the questions some of you posted in reply to my previous topic, I’ve decided to carry on my recount from where I left off.

I woke early the next morning, a strange cocktail of emotion buzzing through my head. My first thought was disbelief. It crossed my mind that it was like a dream, but then again I wouldn’t have ever dreamt of sharing such an experience with another person. And the thought of that person being another girl had never crossed my mind either. Hannah was still asleep. She lay on her side to my right, her hands tucked up under her pillow and her face, appearing so peaceful and innocent, partially hidden under her long hair. The bedding was wet with and cold. I lay still, not wanting to disturb her.

Slowly feelings of joy from the events of last night began to turn questionable. Had we overstepped the mark? We hardly knew each other, and here we were naked in puddles of each other’s urine. It was my fault, too. I’d mentioned my fetish. But then if she didn’t enjoy the thought of it, why had she so willingly offered herself? I then began to wonder if this counted as losing my virginity, but after all our privates had never touched. Maybe it could just be described as mutual masterbation? Then the most difficult of questions began to form inside my head. Was I a lesbian? Would I ever experience a guy’s touch, and if I did, would I enjoy it? I wondered if Hannah was thinking the same thing, or if she new her sexuality for sure. Everything I’d taken for granted was now in doubt.

It was a while before she woke. By the time Hannah’s eyes fluttered open, I was full of regret and embarrassment. All this had come about because the two of us knew that after this week we probably wouldn’t see each other again. The whole experience was based off the fact that no long-term judgments would be held. But perhaps we’d lost our inhibitions a little too much.

As she woke, suddenly I became nervous. I didn’t want to know what she thought about last night, I just wanted her to leave and not to talk to me again. Her eyes were blank at first, vacant as her mind awoke. My hands trembled under the sheets, but I was frozen to the spot. I wanted to role over and bury my head in the sand, but part of me was intrigued by the girl that lay next to me. The girl so full of surprises. As she came round from her sleep, her eyes appeared to come over with a sense of calm. A slight smile broke her lips, and her hands slipped from the pillow down in search of mine. But I pulled away. I didn’t want her touch. She looked disappointed, looking for a way of breaking the tension. “I enjoyed last night.”

I stayed silent, unsure of what to say. “I wasn’t taking advantage of you, I promise.” Again, I let a deathly pause fill the air. She looked saddened, and rolled onto her back. I did the same. “Was it you first time?” I asked, starring into the ceiling. “Yes.” You could cut the atmosphere with a knife. There was a long silence, my mind dashing from question to question, wondering if I should voice them or not. I turned my head and looked into Hannah’s profile. Her face was filled with worry.

“I enjoyed it too.” My shaky voice had spoken the truth, and it was then I decided not to hide from my feelings anymore. We spoke for a long time. To date our brief friendship was based on fun and laughter, but now we broke into a deep heartfelt conversation. I learned a huge amount about her, she seemed to be facing the same questions as I. It was decided that the night before was an experiment neither of us had seen coming, but we were happy it had happened. It offered new light to our sexualities, but neither of us wanted to say for sure we were lesbians. She said that now, she felt like she had lost her virginity, and told me I should be proud of the fact that I have too. And so, we told ourselves that we were bi-sexual and that our love-lives were ablaze.

Eventually, it was time for us to get out of bed. We both new that the moment the covers were lifted we’d get a daylight glimpse of each other’s body. Secretly, I was excited by the idea. Wondering how to approach it, I offered “You can shower in my washroom if you like. And I have clothes you can borrow to get back to your room.” She sat up, perching on her arm in order to look into my eyes. “Can’t we have one more treat, and then it’ll be over?” She asked, cheekily.

“Hannah! We’ve already made enough mess for housekeeping!” I wasn’t surprised that she wanted more, I did too.

“A shower together, perhaps? And I do need to have my morning wee-wee.” She stroked my face, then slipped out of bed. Her figure alone sent shivers through me. She stood beside the bed, looking down at me. I my eyes darted around. “Look where you want to look. I won’t judge you.” She had a welcoming and understanding look on her face. “Just get out of bed so I can do the same.” I giggled, and slipped out. For a second we stood there. Her skin looked so smooth, so soft. She was skinny, her soft skin just asking to be stroked and caressed. Out of clothes, her chest was divine, with her petit pert curves and firm nipples.

She turned and gestured to the washroom door, and I followed as she slowly walked in. Walking behind her, my eyes were transfixed on her soft round bottom. The washroom was small. It has a one sink and a large mirror on the right hand wall, with a loo tucked in the corner. Against the back wall was a bathtub with a shower fixed over it. As she walked in, she picked up my hairbrush from the side of sink, then lifted her delicate leg up and stepped into the tub. I followed her in and pulled the curtain closed behind me. The taps and shower were behind me. She turned, and once again we looked into each others eyes. With her long scruffy bed hair, she had a natural look about her. Her big all consuming eyes starring with such intent into me.

As she blinked her long eyelashes seemed to beat like butterflies. “Last night,” her words were soft, “I had my finger in you and you peed.” I wasn’t sure if it was a statement and a question. I nodded, smiling. “I want to know how.” I don’t know how, I thought to myself. It happens to me sometimes when I masterbate. I just feel like I need to pee, so I do. “I just get a feeling to.” I told her. “You said you need your morning pee?”

I smiled as I spoke, biting my lip and raising my eyebrows. She picked up what I was inferring. Her eyes drifted to the hairbrush she held in front of her stomach, which she lifted to her mouth and held between her teeth. I watched her turn around and put her back to me. She took a little step toward the end of the tub and slowly lifted one leg, delicately placing her foot on the rim. She reached her hands behind her back and took hold of my arms, pulling me in and rapping my arms around her body. We were in a tight embrace, my chest pushing into her shoulders and her warm little bottom filling my groin.

My head rested over her shoulder as I strained to look down at her body. Then, calmly, she lifted her arm to the shower gel dispenser the hotel at fitted on the wall. Her dry, petit fingers covered the opening as she pumped out the gel. With a slippery hand she took hold of the hairbrush and smothered it’s rounded handle. It was beginning to dawn on me what was about to happen. She took hold of my hands, wrapping them around the brush and maintaining a firm grasp from the outside. Then she guided me toward the top of her legs, resting the end of the handle in the crucial spot. A heartbeat passed, then she breathed in sharply and pushed on my hands. The handle slipped into her and she began to slowly pull it in and out.

Over time her pace sped up. Down below I was still slightly aching from the night before. I was stunned that she could do this. She pulled and pushed on my hands, which buzzed with excitement. My heart was pounding on her back, my breath tickling her neck. She was breathing faster and faster, deeper and deeper. I was so turned on, and although I couldn’t face penetration I began to push in and out of her bottom cheeks. She was panting louder and kept accelerating the hairbrush.

Tingles and bursts of pleasure seem to pass through her to me. She began to make quivering sounds, trying to speak but not managing words. I watched as much as I could see over her shoulder. Her breasts bouncing a little. I could see her hands on the brush dipping in and out of view. The one foot she had in the base of the tub was clenched tightly. I continued to rub against her as she panted more and more. I felt her hands on mine, grasping tighter and tighter with each push and pull. “I…” she began to speak between deep breaths.

“I…” she stuttered, but before she could finish my hands were suddenly filled with warm. She squirted a jet of pee over the brush. Her knee started to tremble and I found I was the one now in control of the speed. I continued fast and every time, as I was pulling the handle out a short sharp jet splashed onto my hand. It continued on for several more minutes. Our feet were getting wet, the bottom of the tub being showered in hot yellow liquid. Splash after splash hit my hand. The brush was slippery and hard to hold.

She took control again and went faster than I’d dared to go. With one long grown she passed a handful of squirts then in the high of climax, she pulled the brush away. A consistent thick stream broke out. The hissing was inaudible under the hammering of it as it thundered down into the tub. Desperate to see it I pulled on her skin, aiming it up at the wall where I watched it spraying out, feeling the pitter patter of warm pee on my hand as it splash back away from the wall. I was on cloud nine as to top it all the constant rubbing against her bottom began to send me into a climax.

It was all over. Some time passed as we stood, frozen and exhausted. My hands were dripping with her pee, a puddle of it around our feet. The yellow was a rich contrast to the pure white tub. When things had calmed down, I turned on the shower and together we cleaned ourselves. I squatted for my morning pee, and she watched me go. It was an incredible encore to last night, in the last twelve hours we’d marked the beginning and end of a brief sexual acquaintance. For the rest of that week, we continued to talk. We took each other’s numbers and went our separate ways, with the agreement that what had happened in that hotel was a fling, not a relationship. We haven’t spoken since. Her number stays in my contact list as a small window into what feels like a dream. I happy that we kept it as what it was always meant to be. No judgment, no embarrassment.

I am graceful for her. She was accommodating to my first, and to date only, sexual encounter with another person. She welcomed me by dabbling in my own fetishes. Sometimes I wonder what she’s doing now, whether she’s wet herself since that night. Whether she’s ever gotten into the shower of a morning before using the loo. I know that since then I have stood in my own shower, looking through the steamy glass at my hair brush next the sink and seeing her, in my minds eye, holding it once again.

