Two Main Experiences

Author: English

*000*2012-12-27 01:46

I'll suppose I'll start with the two experiences I've had which really showed the first signs of me getting into this fetish.

I'll begin with the wetting that got me into wetting myself. I played football (soccer) for a local team of mine from aged 5-15, playing in the position of goalkeeper. When I was 7 I was playing in a fairly important cup match, the conditions were poor and it was raining. I'd been planning to go to the toilet as the match finished but unfortunately the match got put into extra-time, so an extra 15 minutes. Now being a goalkeeper I was having to constantly dive about trying to keep the ball out so this was incredibly uncomfortable with a full bladder.

Later on in the match as I kicked ball out I felt myself leak considerably and a warm sensation go down my legs, it felt amazing. Due to the cold I could feel it fully and I just at that moment relaxed my entire bladder. I stood there peeing myself for around a minute before I showed signs of stopping, it poured into my boxers and down my legs (Luckily due the weather and my stance no one noticed). I remember that the feeling of finally letting go and just the feeling of it going down my legs felt amazing.

I knew now looking back there was far more pleasure to it than just relieving a full bladder but back then I barely had accidents so it was a completely new feeling.

The second experience has to be the one which showed the first signs of me liking others wetting. This one occurred when I was 6 when my family went on holiday. My Mum had brought me into the ladies toilets as my Dad had gone getting us drinks at the bar (I was allowed to go on my own then, but because it was a 'new place' this time I wasn't). There was a woman stood in line in front of us who looked about early 20s, she had blonde hair and wore a white sleeveless shirt and matching skirt. She was tall and due to my small height I could just see up her short skirt, she wore a pair of pink cotton panties with a white trim.

She had her legs pressed together and was fidgeting in place, I knew she had to pee badly because I'd seen my female classmates do the same thing when they were desperate. Eventually the girl started leaking, I saw a wet spot appear on her crotch and pee leak down her legs. I could hear her whimpering slightly as her leaks became bigger, her legs were trembling as her pee dribbled down them. She was spared a full accident when a stall became available in front of her, she dashed in and I could hear her frantically getting onto the toilet before the sound of her stream filled the room. I feigned having to tie my shoe so I could see her legs under the stall, I saw her pink drenched panties around her ankles.

I originally thought this interest was just her peeing and not her desperation but as I began to look back at the incident more I saw there was more to it.

