My First Wetting

Author: Kei

*000*2013-04-17 16:05

So today, I decided to hold and wet for the first time.

All measurements of need are in the following scale: $/333-the-scale-of-pee-desperation/

5:30am: Woke up after 12 hours of sleep, didn't have to pee at all. I'd actually had a wetting dream, and figured that was a sign that I should just man up an try it once and for all. XD

6:40am: Had drank 1 1/2 big travel mugs of water to get things going.

7:55am: Had been between a 0 and a 1 until now, when things suddenly jumped to a 5. Finished my second travel mug of water.

8:15am: Was at a 7 now. Before this point, I'd occassionally forget that I had to pee.

8:25am: Things progressed very quickly, I was at an 8. I stood up every now and then to ease the pressure and walk around.

8:30am: Finished my third travel mug of water and was now at a 9-10. Things were starting to get painful and by now, I was constantly thinking of how much longer I could hold it before running to the bathroom.

8:35: It hurt more and more and my need quickly progressed to an 11 and then a 12. I couldn't sit anymore and was standing and pacing. Had my hand down my pants to hold myself.

8:40am: I gave in and ran to the bathroom. Pulled my pants off completely and sat down in my panties. I let one spurt go, then held for a few seconds before letting go completely and floooding my panties over the toilet. I'd never done this before and couldn't believe how good it felt to pee into my panties. The pressure of my pee hitting the cloth and filling it before it started to leak out was amazing and so pleasuable. I peed for over a minute until I was finished.

I loved the experience so much that I'd like to do it again today, this afternoon or evening. But this time, I'd like to have someome to chat with while I'm holding so I can get some motivation to last longer. :) Check my profile feed for live updates about this holding/wetting experience and my IM contact info to add me!

*002*2013-04-17 18:40

{{ 

I told you it would feel good !

If you do it again, maybe post as it is happening in

Live Action Omorashi thread ?

And thanks for sharing this experience !

}}

Doing it again right now, actually. XD I didn't know about the Live Action thread, thanks! I'll post there. :)

*004*2013-04-18 17:37

{{ 

Thanks for sharing!

Did it hurt at all anywhere in particular?

}}

Some of the pain was in my bladder, but it was more general discomfort. The majority of the pain was in my pelvic floor muscles. They're not at all used to holding on so long like that.

