Almost Accident

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2011-12-01 21:06

I am sorry that I have no stories of actual accidents to share, but I have not had one of those since I was four. I purposely wet myself in the first grade to make a point to my teacher, and once in second grade when I was walking home from school, but nothing was on purpose.

At any rate, it was in my Junior year of high school that I got the closest I have ever gotten to a legitimate accident. I was part of a quiz bowl team, and we had just finished second in a local tournament. It was pretty sweet, and we did our usual thing and stopped for food at a local restaurant. Well, I drank alot of soda, to say the least, and although I drained my bladder before we left, I was desperate within ten minutes of getting on the bus. Of course I was dancing in my seat, and the fact that I had to go became common knowlede in a matter of seconds. It was met with the usual mixture of laughter and support, but these were all my friends, so the simple fact that I had to pee would mean nothing. Had I wet myself, however, it would have been another matter entirely.

Now, it was an hour and a half or so back to the school from the restaurant, and at twenty minutes it had become painful. Every bump was agony, and I could feel my bladder sloshing around like a mostly-filled baloon. It was pure torture. There was much jiggling done, and at about the forty minute mark I was alternating between severe slouching and huddling up against my knees. There was one person who showed empathy, and that just happened to be the only female member of the team that year. She had gone through the same thing the year before, but that is another story for another day.

Now, by the time we got to the school, I was about to burst, easily a 9 on the 10 scale, and the only thing that kept my pants dry was the fact that, as a male, I can physically obstruct flow of urine. Now, it was 6pm, but there was a basketball game going on so, fortunately, the doors to the school were unlocked. Running while hunched over is not the fastest way to run, but your legs will move very fast if you let them. I made it to the bathroom and took a stall just in time, for I lost control about the same time I got my penis out of my pants. This is not the tale of how I wet myself in front of my friends, no, but it is the tale of how they heard the longest pee I have ever taken. One of them thought it would be funny to time it. I peed for a minute and thirty-one seconds.

*002*2011-12-04 04:42

Well, It was my friend, actually, who almost wet herself a few times because the teacher was quite strict on her bathroom policy. And so, she would not let me go, even though I declared a state of emergency, so I stood in front of her and wet myself.

