Weird Experience

Author: Omo-Homo

*000*2012-07-18 15:19

Alright do the weirdest thing happened yesterday, so here it goes.

Yesterday my friends mom came to pick me up because I can't drive because i broke my right arm by getting Hit by a pitch in my baseball league. It was a 90 mph pitch that nailed me in the shoulder blade. And I also drive a stick.

Just to tell you my friends mom lIke's to work out a lot so you usually see her in a tank top and Nike running tights. When she came to pick me up, she was wearing sky blue running tights and a pink tank top. I was wearing just loose shorts and a t-shirt. When she got out of the car, you could clearly tell she needed to pee. Her legs were crossed and she kept figeting. So when we got into her car,she immediantly squeezed her thighs together and kept a hand down there. There were a lot of bumps in my neighborhood so it didn't help her.

We rand over one bump and she squealed and you could see a little dark spot on her tights. She lived out in the country so there was also a lot of bumps. When we got to my friends house, she got out of the car very slowly. She got out and she put both hands in her crotch and she crossed her legs. She knew she wouldn't make it, so she tried to make it to the side if her house so she could release there. About halfway there she doubled over and you could hear the stream. Her sky blue tights were dark all over them. After that, she moaned in pleasure and i just went inside to find my friend.

Later that night, I went to get a glass of water and I found her standing in the kitchen wearing grey running tights. She drank about 5 glasses of water and she hadn't went since about 6 pm and it was 1 am. She called me into her room so she could talk to me.

When I got in there she was fidgeting a lit. She talked to me about her earlier accident. She said she peed herself on purpose because she thought it would be fun. She said she had to oee and headed to her bathroom. She then turned to me and said to me to me to come with her.

So we got to the bathroom and she just stood in front of the toilet and danced around. She had a huge bathroom and it could fit about 30 people. I asked her if she was going to use the toilet.

She said No silly, I'm going to use my pants as my toilet. So she danced around for about 2 minutes then she doubled over and released into her tights.After that I went to bed, but I couldn't sleep because I was thinking about that for a while.

Well that's it. Oh and just to tell you I Am really good friends with my friends mom and she trusts me a lot, so that's the only reason she did that for me.

