For the love of tea

Author: Soulbringer

*000*2014-08-15 06:56

Hi,

This is a story of what happen the other week.

I was still at the computer playing black and white 2, a most awesome game, with my cup of tea. Suddenly the computer decided to restart. Bloody updates. So I went on to my phone to cruise some of my favourite sites. I was watching a video by CaptainH on wetpantsboy when I felt my bladder twinge.

I thought, why not.

I went and got myself another cup of tea and changed into my grey pyjama bottoms.

After 3 more cups of tea I was barely able to stand without pee squirting out.

I quickly made my way to the bathroom, turned the camera on and released in my pyjamas. After a good wetting I felt my bladder filling up again, so I played with myself until it was full again, this did not take too long.

I was already sitting in the bath so I released again. It was a little harder this time (pardon the pun) as I was extremely horny.

But eventually out came warm gushes of pee running down my balls and my ass. I stroked my cock until I nearly came.

I relaxed a bit and got up on to my knees, pulled my pyjamas down and peed into them completely soaking my bottoms. I quickly pulled them back up and masturbated until I came all over the bath.

It was a great day and I hope to do it again.

Usually I only wet once then I cum but I decided to draw this one out.

The videos can be found in the videos links and uploads area. All apart from the end one that is.

Hope you enjoyed my story and enjoy my videos as well.

X

