Hypnotized

Author: ElleEnchanted

*000*2015-09-27 02:44

It was about 2:00 in the afternoon and I had just come back from work because I had a night shift. I had felt super infuriated that I decided to put on some relaxing music. I must've been more exhausted than I thought because in an instant I fell asleep on my bed with the music still playing on my laptop.

I was having a dream- a wet dream. Just what I needed. Ripples started appearing, I still heard the music as my dream un-blurred itself. Suddenly, My dream became visible. Fortunately, I still remember every exact detail.

A girl( red hair and green eyes, wearing a white dress with faded flowers) was on a swing. She swayed back and fourth laughing as her friends walked up to her- my dream was cut off and went straight to another. It was the same girl except in a red tank top and black shorts. Why was I having dreams about her?

The girl was in a classroom, classic anxiety dream, crossing her legs and fidgeting while writing notes. She raised her hand, "Excuse me but can I please go to the restroom?" The girl sounded uncomfortable. "No, now pay attention," the professor proceeded her lesson as the girl bit her lip.

The girl looked like she was in her senior year of highschool or beginning of college, my dream didn't make me aware of that.

Back to the dream, the girl raised her hand again. "Ma'am, can I please go?" She bobbed. "Fine," the teacher sounded annoyed.

The girl went and encountered some friends in the hallways. "Hey Sally!" A girl revealed her name (That is one of my best friend's name yet it did not resemble her looks. Sally, in my dream, looks more like my other friend Amber). "Um, hey," Sally continuously shifted weight from foot to foot. They chatted for quite a long time which I don't really remember the dialogue too.

After the small reunion, Sally ran as fast as she could (mostly staggering) to the restrooms. There was a giant line and most of the girls weren't even crossed legs. They were all talking and gossiping about who knows what! Sally got in line and tried to casually hold her crotch. Nobody seemed to notice.

Her fingers started getting damp. Sally panicked and instantly crossed her legs. "Can I skip you?" She asked the girl in front of her. "No, I really have to go," she told her, lying of course, and continued talking to her friends.

A hot, yellow leak of piss made it way out her crotch. I felt the same thing. Suddenly, I woke up. The music was still playing. I looked down at the purple pants. A huge patch is bulging at me. I got up and rushed to the restroom. Every step let out another spurt of pee. Right outside the door, It was all over. I showered and cleaned up my small mess. What a day!

*004*2015-10-24 18:07

{{ 

Very nice, love to hear more from you

}}

Thanks!

{{ 

Wow, that's a pretty interesting effect! What music were you listening you? I have tried hynotism tracks several times before, but I have never had kind of effect like that from them, and they were dedicated wetting tracks.

}}

{{ 

Wow, that's a pretty interesting effect! What music were you listening you? I have tried hynotism tracks several times before, but I have never had kind of effect like that from them, and they were dedicated wetting tracks.

}}

The full name of the video is (you might wanna copy and paste it for YouTube)

10 Hours Rain and Thunder Healing Ambient Sounds For Deep Sleeping Meditation Relaxation Spa

Of course, I didn't intend to listen to 'rain'. This was the first one on the top and I was so tired at I didn't even bother to read it. Haha, oh well.

{{ 

Damn, I have to try this some day. Somebody should make a video out of this idea. Or has it already been done?

}}

I actually don't know, but you can try looking :)

