Desperation Log 2: The Sequel

Author: Gregg

*000*2014-04-15 03:34

After a long period of inactivity (over a year) my interest in desperation and wetting has been rekindled recently, to the point that I'm thinking of doing another video along the same lines as the one in

$/12813-new-video-desperation-log-or-how-i-spent-my-afternoon/

I'm hoping to learn from my experience last time so that I can make improvements, but I've also got a few twists up my sleeve.

Here's a basic outline of the plan below. As before, I'd love people to offer their input and suggestions, particularly in the areas of challenges or penalties. More on that below.

To start, this time my pants will be locked. I don't actually have a padlock small enough to use on my fly, so I'm going to use a plastic zip tie. The "key" will be a pair of wire clippers frozen in a block of ice.

Every 15 minutes I'll drink a glass of water, just like last time. Unlike last time, I'm not going to bother recording anything for the first... let's say 3 hours, because based on a review of my last video, things don't start to get interesting until the 3 hour mark.

At the start of the 3rd hour, I'll continue to drink a glass of water every 15 minutes, but this time I'll have to do a challenge at each interval.

My ideas for challenges are below, but I welcome additional suggestions.

1. Drink an extra half glass of water.

2. Drink a half ounce of hard liquor (to make things more interesting!).

3. Do a certain number of sit ups (I know from experience this can be brutal).

4. No using my hands to hold myself for 15 minutes until the next interval.

5. Pee into a small cup enough to fill it without overflowing. How will I do this with my pants locked? That's part of the challenge! If the cup overflows, or if I get any pee on my pants, the penalty is another full glass of water.

Each of these challenges will be on a slip of paper and selected randomly at each interval. I may get the same challenge every time, or they may all be different.

I'll be free to opt out of any challenge, but the penalty will be an extra half glass of water.

If I leak at any point during a round (enough to be visible on my pants) the penalty is another half glass of water.

If I lose control at any point (which I define as wetting one or both legs of my pants down to the knee or below) then I've failed completely and there will be a harsher penalty.

My idea for the penalty (again, alternative suggestions are welcome) is that I must still continue with the drinking and challenges until the "key" has thawed completely and I can unzip my pants. Once that occurs, for the next 4 hours I may only pee once at the top of each hour (or maybe half hour depending on how bad it is). If I leak at any point during that hour/half hour (even a little, as long as it's visible) then the penalty is extended for another hour. No more drinking will take place during this time. For an added bonus I may also record a portion of each of these additional mini-holds.

As an alternative, the penalty could be that I may not use the toilet at all for the next 4 hours. I'm free to change pants as many times as I wish, but I may not remove them to pee. So I could either keep the same pair of wet pants on for 4 hours, just going in them whenever I need to, or I could try to stay dry as long as possible and change each time I lose control.

If any of this interests you, I'd love to get your input. Maybe you could even play along at home and report your results.

*002*2014-04-17 00:07

I just did a test and it turns out I grossly underestimated the amount of time it takes a block of ice to melt at room temperature. I'll need to reconsider how to do that part...

*003*2014-04-18 00:14

Okay, here's my new idea.

The main purpose of the ice block was to introduce some degree of uncertainty into the amount of time to hold.

Here's my revised plan.

No lock on my pants, and no ice.

I'll start with a wait time of 4 hours (based on past performance that's when I get close to losing it). Once time is up I can use the toilet.

At the start of each 15 minutes I'll draw a random challenge. Most will involve drinking water.

1. Drink a glass of water.

2. Drink a glass of water and take a shot of alcohol.

3. Drink a glass of water and wear a belt cinched to the tightest notch for the next 15 minutes.

4. Drink a glass of water and no holding yourself for the next 15 minutes.

5. Do not drink, but extend your wait time by 15 additional minutes.

6. Drink a glass of water and pee into a small cup. If the cup overflows, drink an additional half glass of water.

I think the belt works better than the sit-ups, and would also work better on camera.

There's now also a 1 in 6 chance each round of the wait time being extended. But to even things out, you get a reprieve from drinking for that round.

I would love it if other people felt like giving this a try as well and reported how they fared.

*005*2014-04-18 23:15

Well I just did this, but unfortunately I had to cop out at the end. Not only was I going to come nowhere close to making it the full four hours, my camera's memory card was running out of space. I tried to copy the files over to my computer to free up more room, but by that time I couldn't even stand still enough plug in the cable without losing control. I probably would have tried to hold out longer if I had more room on my memory card.

For some reason I reached my limit much more quickly this time than the last time I did a video like this. Last time I was really close to making it 4 hours, and probably could have held on that last 15 minutes if I had the willpower.

This time I was lucky to even make it 3 hours. And I leaked a few drops during the last 10 minutes or so. Maybe all those little cup-fulls I peed last time were enough to allow me to hold out longer.

Well, I guess since I failed that means no more toilet for the next 4 hours... I'm totally relieved now, but with all that water I drank, I don't know for how long...

I'll edit the video and post it in this thread later.

*006*2014-04-19 03:19

Here are the videos. Warning: There is some nudity.

The first is the long 3 hour desperation (I trimmed it down to about 6 minutes).

For those of you interested, the final volume was just shy of a liter. Probably right at a liter counting what ended up on the floor.

The second is all the subsequent wettings since my punishment was to not use the toilet for 4 more hours.

I took Aayachan's suggestion and changed out of my wet pants each time.

To be truthful I had to pee two more times during the final hour (between 8:00 and 9:00) and I was planning to wet those grey pants I put on at the end, but I was just tired at that point I didn't want to do it anymore. So I guess I welched on the agreement somewhat.

Desperation.flv

Wetting.flv

*009*2014-04-29 13:23

I'm somewhat surprised the desperation video has had so many more downloads than the wetting video. I would have expected the wetting one to have more appeal.

It's also interesting that only girls have commented in this thread, whereas when I posted these same two videos in Video board (because they didn't seem to be getting much attention here) only males have commented.

$/20379-holding-game-multiple-wettings/

Looking back now I wish I had gone ahead and wet those gray pajama pants at the end there instead of pussing out and using the toilet...

I appreciate your positive comments and I'll take your suggestions into consideration if/when I do another one. I hate to be a one-trick pony, but peeing in the little cup sure does seem to be popular.

