A night to myself

Author: wetaccident

*000*2015-09-23 03:34

I had to pee some when I left work tonight. I decided to hold it for the drive home. Unfortunately, I had to hop on a work call once I got back to my place. Not wanting to be distracted, I went to the bathroom first. Still thinking about doing a hold though I downed a half liter of diet pepsi from the fridge and had to go again by the time I got off (it was a lengthy call!).

Lying on my bed, I logged on here for a bit. I lay on my stomach, squirming and rocking a bit, occassionally pressing my front into the bed to hold on. This felt good but after awhile I felt like I was going to start to leak and was a bit stiff from laying in the same position anyway. I rolled over on my back, propped up against some pillows and resumed my internet wanderings. After shifting position position it became much easier to hold it not having to go as bad with no external pressure on my bladder. I still had to squirm a bit and move my legs back and forth but not quite as often. Every so often I'd reach my hand down to grab my dick when a strong urge came but I tried not to that often hoping to hold on with only my muscles and fidgeting with my legs.

I continued to drink some water and of course the pressure began to build again as I messed about on the computer. My fidgeting around became more frequent and I kept having to cross my legs tightly when a wave would hit me. I would take my left leg and cross it over my right pressing them tightly together trying to fight off the wave of desperation before leaking into my pants. This went on quite some time but I'm not really sure how long. Finally, despite my fidgeting, squirming and leg crossing a felt a small spurt leak into my underwear for a second before I managed squeeze it back. I didn't worry over much as it was small and I didn't think it would show on the front of my jeans. I took another sip of water and started watching a movie.

Still squirming around, fighting off a waves of pressure, I did resort to grabbing through my jeans occassionally. Suddenly, another spurt! I squirmed intensly and got control back, still focusing on the movie. A squirt would leak out before I regained control. I'd be able to relax for a bit before another spasm would hit. Sometimes I'd be able to control myself other times I'd leak some more into my underwear and jeans. I went on this way for at least another 45 minutes. I knew I was wet but I didn't really pay attention to the damage. I could feel the wetness on my hand when I would have to grab myself and after awhile I could sense the same on my inner thigh of my leg as I'd bring my legs together to try and keep from getting even wetter.

As my muscles tired the leaks became more frequent. Feeling a strong urge come on I reached my hand down to hold myself, trying to stop it. Taking my had away though I sent a long stream into my pants before I knew what was happening. It was more than just a dribble or squirt and lasted several seconds. It felt wonderful as my front got warm and the pressure eased off. This happened again a couple minutes later and still again after that. Suddenly, I realized I could feel pee dribbling down my balls. I put my hand underneath me and could feel the whole back of my crotch was wet and was starting to spread up the rear of my jeans.

I didn't really want to end the hold (if it could still even be called that!) but I didn't want to get the bed wet either beyond the already sizable spot I could see on my sheets so I figred the jig was up. Getting up and walking slowly over to the bathroom, I was too full to walk quickly, I lost another few spurts into my pants. Looking at the front of my jeans I could see them glistening with the fresh wetness in the midst of the huge wet area on my front. Stepping into the shower I finally relaxed and let the next urge to come flow naturally into my pants, I could hear the hissing as the pee drilled into my underwear, feeling it running warm down my legs as the dark wet stain spread to my ankles. The relief was wonderfully intense.

Finally, feeling truly relaxed for the first time in hours I cleaned myself up and put myself to bed.

So...that went on a bit longer than I had intended. Sorry folks but I hope at least a couple people enjoyed it. I know I did!

