Switching Bathrooms

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-05-16 23:02

My family got back from Mr. Gattie's and I had another omorashi experience there.(This sounds like one in a lot of the stories here!)

I had to use the bathroom, and there was already a woman waiting for the bathroom, so I thought someone was in there. I started talking with my mom when we realized that whoever was in there was taking a while. I had to use the bathroom pretty badly and I didn't think I could hold it for the 20 minute ride home. The woman and my mom told me I could use the mens' room and that they would keep an eye on the door to make sure nobody came in there.

I felt really scared about this since I had never actually gone in there since I was 6.(My dad used to take me in there sometimes)

They kept their promise though and nobody came in and none of the workers noticed either because they were being congratulated by the manger.

No wetting today, but I had some desperation and I thought I'd share this with everyone.

*002*2011-05-17 01:20

{{:

Using the other bathroom (gasp), that must have felt strange.

Now that you're not experiencing the desperation and can look at the situation more clearly, do you now think you could've made it home?

}}

Of course it felt strange! Lots of families were there today and I was afraid one of the teenaged boys would see me coming out of the other bathroom but nobody came that way thankfully.

I think I could've made it, but at the time I was afraid I'd wet myself in the car(And my dad is VERY careful of making sure not one speck of dust touches the inside of his car)

*013*2011-07-04 10:36

{{:

I had fantasy of going to the opposite sex's bathroom when I was little. It is true that girl's bathroom is cleaner. For the few times I have been there, I haven't found one un-flushed toilet.

}}

Okay, 1, the girls' room is about as dirty as the boys' room, and 2, what does this have to do with my experience?!

