I wet the bed.

Author: curious_cat

*000*2016-02-05 07:58

Ok, so I've always fantasised about wetting the bed, but I never thought it would happen to me. This happened a couple of nights ago, and it was completely unintentional.

My boyfriend and I had had some sexy-time, and as always, I made sure to pee before I went to bed (I had been drinking a lot of water due to hot weather). I was really exhausted too, so tired that I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. I was having dreams of climbing mountains and such (nothing pee related really). I do remember waking up needing to pee really badly, but thinking 'I'll just sleep a little bit longer' (I had no reason to worry because I hadn't wet the bed since I was 4 years old). My bladder was aching but I was just so out of it so I snuggled back into the sheets and fell asleep again.

Next thing I know, I wake up. I'm lying on my side. I'm all groggy and tired and I realise that I need to pee...desperately. I feel unusually warm downstairs, and that's when it hits me: I know this feeling; I'm already peeing. I put my hand down near my crotch just to confirm...yep...it was happening, and it seemed as if I was only half-way done. I could feel the warm pee flow through my panties, against my hands and then forwards over my crotch and back through my thighs.

I was wetting the bed. I couldn't believe it, and I couldn't stop it. I think I was still in shock. I managed to gather myself and stop the flow and made a dash to the bathroom, but there wasn't much left really. I had done it all in bed. I sat there for a while, still in shock. I was convinced in was a dream and that it couldn't happen to me. I'd had countless pee-dreams and never once had I wet the bed. I inspected my underwear, hoping, praying that maybe it was a mistake and they were wet with sweat or something (don't question my logic, I was still half-asleep).

I took off my underwear and went to break the news to my boyfriend. I checked again, just in case. I don't know what I was hoping for, but man was I embarrassed.. the wet stain was there in all its glory. Let me just say, I've never felt so small in all my life.

*003*2016-02-05 12:51

{{:

Wetting the bed after many years of being reliably dry at night is an amazing experience. In recent years it's happened to me several times. In early December I even wet two nights in a row, the first time I've done that since I was a kid. What used to be a shameful experience is now a fascinating and even thrilling occurrence. Is a part of you excited at having wet the bed, or do you just feel small and embarrassed?

}}

Definitely a little exciting...so much so that I have had some happy time whilst thinking of it.

*014*2016-02-09 09:59

{{:

How did your boyfriend react ?

}}

He was very lovely about it all. I got lots of cuddles and he was extra-nice to me the next day so that was sort of a bonus

{{:

Lovely story :) Did you have alcohol before going to bed?

}}

No, nothing! I was stone-cold sober. Just in a very very deep sleep I guess! I hear that people tend to wet the bed after drinking alcohol, although it's never happened to me.

