Wife coming home very desperate and barely making it

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-17 11:04

The following happened about 10 months before the incident on the highway, which I posted here already in another thread a couple of days ago.

My then future wife an I had just moved into our first apartment some weeks before but weren't yet married. I had already seen her desperate to pee a couple of times, f.e. when we were at the cinema, in a bar, or coming home together in the late evening. But it was never a great deal, to be honest. I already saw her peeing (on the toilet) quite often, as we both didn't care about peeing in front of the other one. However, she never knew about my female desperation fetish. I could feel from the very beginning that she is not into peeing as a sexual topic all, and particularly not into desperation.

This particular late afternoon I was already at home, expecting her to arrive back from work around 5.00 pm as usual. I started to get a little bit worried when she was still not home around 6.00 pm, but then I remembered that she had told me in the morning she will be back home a little bit later today, as they are having a small celebration at the office. For that reason she had also dressed up a bit elegant in the morning.

She had put on a pretty tight black blouse, a very fashionable (and sexy!) knee-length dark red skirt which was very tight all it's way. She couldn't do too large steps in it and her walking looked quite inspiring, so to speak. Furthermore, she wore a tight black pantyhose (black lace panties underneath) dark red high heels and a dark red small handbag, both fitting the colour of her skirt. She simply looked gorgeous, I am sure everyone else in her office would have agreed!

About 6.10 pm I finally heard the key turn in the apartment door and went into our hallway to welcome her. The door opened and I had already said "hello", as I saw her: doubled over with her upper body almost on her tighs! With one hand she frantically tried to get some "grip" into her crotch - which was obviously not really working with this tight skirt. I saw her trying to get at least on or two fingers into her crotch, but it didn't look as if she got that far were she needed the pressure beacuse oft he tight skirt. Her face was dark red, a grimace of sheer agony and I could hear her breathing heavily.

No doubt: She was in a absolutely horrible state of pee desperation! I got quite aroused immediately…

What happened next actually went like in quick-motion: She pee danced like crazy over the doorstepp, closed the door with a kick back by one of her high heels, her right hand dropped the keys and her left hand her handbag, both simply on the floor. I could see now that her whole body was actually quivering, especially her bum and pelvis.

Next thing she did was kicking her high heels off her feet into a corner. Less than 2 seconds had only gone by, since the key had turned in the lock.

Though It was totally clear to me what was going on, I asked her, trying to sound as surprised and worried as possible: "Hey, what's the matter...?" When she replied, I realised that her teeth were actually shattering! Between two of her heavy breathes, she quickly pressed out, in a pitiful, whining sound: "Peeing myself". For one moment I thought a dream had come true and my heart pounded, when I asked back: "You are peeing yourself?" Again I got just a short, literally whimpering answer: "Any moment."

That was simply breath-taking. My beautiful wife, dressed very elegant and sexy, no longer able to keep any composure and on the verge of peeing her clothes! I expected her to run to the bathroom which was just 7-8 metres far at the other end of the hallway. But she didn't - and I immediately understood why: With her very tight knee-length skirt, she couldn't "run". Even worse, the skirt was too tight to be pulled up over her waist! It had a zipper going down at it´s side from the waistband. Opening the zipper and pulling the skirt down over the legs was the only way to get out of it!

So she pee danced forward as fast as the tight skirt allowed it, at the same time frantically trying to pull to zipper down with shaky hands, but she was much to nervous, to get the zipper even slightly moving .Though this whole sight drove me crazy, something in me decided to help her. I made one step towards her, pushed her hands away from the zipper and pulled it down completely with one short move.

As soon as she felt the skirt loosening, she hurried to get it down. She had to stop "walking" to do so. With fidgeting hands she pulled the skirt down. I couldn't resist to take a look at her crotch area, covered by her black pantyhose. It seemed tob e stilly dry, she had her tighs firmly crossed over to squeeze her pussy as strong as possible, her whole pubic area was visibly quivering!

It took her only another second to get the skirt down to her feet. She literally jumped out of it and, now free to move, the mad dash for the last 5 metres to the bathroom started. Being free of her skirt, she immediately jammed both hands into her crotch, and though she was again slightly bent over, she reached an impressive speed running towards the toilet! I simply couldn't resist following her.

When she ran through the bathroom door her hands left her crotch and frantically reached for the waistband of her pantyhose. But being in sight of the toilet bowl now, she obviously reached the "barely-make-it-pheonomenon" - her body started to shiver heavily and she was no longer running, instead just again hobbling doubled over.

Reaching the bathroom in this state, a last "obstacle" appeared for her: the toilet lid was closed! It just needs 2 seconds to open it, but obviously at this moment she must have felt that these 2 seconds might actually be to long - so she ignored the toilet bowl (!) and hobbled straight forward towards the shower cabin, now almost being into a crouching position.

About half a meter before she reached the cabin, she had managed to pull her pantyhose and panties not actually "down", but at least as much forward that her pussy was no longer covered. Within a split of a second a pee gusher as broad as two thumbs thundered down from her pee hole, hitting the rug in front of the shower cabin. With her next step she was inside the cabin, her gusher now hitting the cabin floor, creating a very loud splashy noise there - though not loud enough to drown out the "Oooaaahh"-roar escaping from her mouth. This was not yet relief, this was still sheer agony...

For a few seconds she stood in a high crouch in the middle of the shower cabin, peeing like I never saw her pee before. Finally, she moved from her place and took one step towards the cabin wall. She now leaned her head, back and bum on the cabin wall, still being in a kind of high crouch position. Her gusher had continued without any interruption during this maneuvre. Only now she pulled her pantyhose and panties forward to her knees.

I almost didn't believe my eyes, when I saw her gusher now became even thicker and more forceful than before! A couple of seconds later the gusher turned into a literal spray, though not losing any force! Lots of splashes hit the pantyhose on her lower legs and her feet, but she didn't seem to care, as she didn't make any effort to change her position. My future wife stood in a shower cabin, still wearing her elegant black blouse, pantyhose and panties to her knees and pee was spraying from her naked pussy as if it was a shower head. Her eyes were closed, her mouth half opened.

And her pee sprayed and sprayed... but after about less than maybe 40 seconds, the spray very suddenly turned into a small, rather weak stream. After another 5 seconds again a full spray emerged, but just for 1-2 seconds, then again the thin stream. This continued for at least one more minute - a permanent weak, thin stream, interrupted every 5-7 seconds by a short full force spray. Finally, pee was just falling in small driplets from her pussy for another 20 seconds. As she stepped out of the shower cabin, not only her legs were still trembling. Mine were too, I was still in disbelief of what I just witnessed.

As you can see by my description, I still recall every exciting detail (and always will!) - but in "real time", everything went very fast. Between her opening the door and her starting to pee with an almost-accident in the bathroom 10-12 seconds at maximum had gone by! Actually it was one of my shortest pee desperation sightings, though full of everything you need!

And as the whole situation at home was so extraordinary, it was not actually difficult for me to ask her about the "story behind". It took her about 15 minutes to regain her composure, but then she revealed to me the full background:

They had a small anniversary-celebration at her office. She was drinking a glass of sparkling wine - which always makes her needing to pee very fast. By the end of the celebration she already needed to pee urgently. She wanted to go the loo, as she knew that her way home on public transport would take about 30 minutes. And she didn't want to be "uncomfortable", as she put it.

But then she made "the biggest mistake of the day" - according to her judgement (well, not to mine! ;-)) A male colleague offered her to take her home by car, which usually would not be more than a 15 minute-trip. She agreed (as did another male colleague, who joined) - and didn't go to the loo, as she would be home so soon! Well - things turned out to be different! After a few minutes into the car ride, they hit heavy traffic. The colleague chose an alternative route - and got completely stuck in a jam! Altogether, the whole car ride to our home finally took more than one hour!

Though I wanted to avoid any suspicion about my desperation fetish, I asked for some more details about her "horror-trip", as she called it. I just put my questions into a "sympathizing-mode". And got very detailed answers. Thats what I got to hear from her in summary - sometimes in direct speech from her, as I remember it:

At first she was just a bit angry, when they hit the traffic. She thought the ride wouldn't actually take too long, maybe just the 30 minutes she would have spent on public transport. But already a couple of minutes later she started to understand, that even the 30 minutes would cause her a "rather close call", as her need to pee increased freakingly fast. And in fact, after 35 minutes she was absolutely bursting, only able to sit with tightly crossed legs. Luckily, she was sitting alone on the back seat, the other male colleague sat on the passenger seat next to the driver. That made it easier for her to fidget, squirm, cross her legs etc. without being noticed.

However, after 45 minutes she started to panic - they were still in heavy traffic and quite far away from our home. She told me: "I couldn't believe I would be able to hold it longer than 5 or maybe maximum 10 more minutes - it felt so unreal, but it was going to become reality, I will piss myself on the backseat of this colleague's car! I thought about an excuse to ask my colleague to let me get out oft he car right there - but no reason came to my mind. It was an area without any shops, bars or something alike - what should I say as a reason? That I am going to piss myself any moment in his car?? Would be THE story in the office for the next year... But then I understood that I will actually piss on his car seat in a couple of moments, and that would be an even "BETTER" story! I had to get out of that car!! And as there were not any toilets around, I simply would squat between parked cars or even openly on the sidewalk - either this way, or in my clothes."

She chose not to "ask" or to give any explanation. the car was in a stop-and-go-mode. She would simply open the door, jump out and run at least out of sight of her colleagues. But suddenly traffic cleared and they could finally drive at normal speed! On one hand she was glad, but it also meant, she would have to hold on longer now, actually til home! She estimated it would take now about 8-10 minutes to reach home - exactely the absolute maximum time she estimated she could maybe hold it... In fact it was just a 4 minutes drive finally (she really counted the minutes!) but nevertheless she heavily doubted she would actually make it to our toilet when she got out of the car eventually. "And I still can't believe I managed not to pee into my clothes," she finished her report.

She went to bed rather early this evening, as she felt very exhausted. Even next morning she told me, her bladder was still aching a little. I for my part couldn't sleep at all this night...

*002*2015-05-17 15:39

I got the technical problems fixed by simply using Firefox as browser - copy and paste worked excellent with it!

And I didn´t yet tell my wife about my fetish - sometimes I suspect, she may have an idea, but I am not sure. However, she doesn´t bring up the topic, so I also won´t for the time being.

*005*2015-05-18 06:34

{{ 

Great experience! Very HOT! Thanks for sharing- wish you had taken the opportunity to tell your girl just how much she turned you on with that episode! =D

}}

Well - I also thought I should finally tell my wife about my desperation fetish.

But there are actually three major things that prevented me from doing it so far.

First, she is definitely not at all into peeing and desperation as a sexual issue. I could clearly "feel" that from the beginning.

Second, if she learns about my fetish, I am afraid she will feel very uncomfortable in the future if she gets into a pee desperation again with me present - in addition to her desperation distress she might probably feel quite humiliated if she knows that I am actually turned on by her predicament...

And the third reason goes back to a relation I had with a girl long time ago. I told her frankly about my desperation fetish very soon. The result was just that she often pretended to need to pee when it wasn't true at all and sometimes when she really had to pee, she totally overexaggerated her desperation - only to turn me on (btw, she herself had no interest in pee desperation at all).

But "acted" and exaggerated desperation does absolutely nothing for me. I am only interested in absolutely authentic desperation in real life situations - not influenced by anything "artificial" and especially not by me.

So, taking all these aspects into consideration, telling my wife about my fetish would most probably only cause bad results - actually both for her and for me. That's not worth it, I think, and therefore I decided not to do it...

*008*2015-05-19 09:07

{{ 

Great sighting as always it seems, thanks for sharing.

I did share my desperation fetish with my Ex-girlfriends (not with all but most) and the results are mostly good.

I didn't share it to all because you need to be able to trust her and if I don't feel it I prefer to not share it.

To be successful It depends how you share something like that and I think the best method is to combine it with sex if you are with a girl who is not into desp.

As you might know when a woman is or just was desperate they are quite sensible and if they only need urgently its the best moment to have sex.

The fact that the bladder is full (not to full, not extremely but urgent) will cause them to resist to pee as well as being aroused seeing and feeling you because you are aroused about her state.

Using all this together and getting a girl to come while desperate will make the orgasm stronger as I was told by them afterwards and they liked it.

From what I found out the bulging bladder also pushes inwards and it makes everything tighter, so if you penetrate or rub or do anything to arouse her ,she will react more sensible to it and it will cause the orgasm to be stronger.

The result of this was that sometimes they would by purpose become desperate to pee without asking me for different reasons like to remember or to tease me to have this kind of sex again or just because of being horny and this feeling is now making them horny.

So if you manage to combine the "good" side and the "bad" educated side together you can teach a women that being desperate can be good for her as well before you tell her anything about your fetish.

}}

I know about the positive effects of a full bladder for sexual stimulation (I for myself can feel this most of the time, when I need to pee) - however, with my wife, it seems to be totally different. Needing to pee always made her too uncomfortable to start sexual activity. Therefore she often went to pee before we had sex. That´s why I said I felt from the beginning that for her pee and sexuality are two things which seem to simply not fit to each other...

*010*2015-05-21 11:01

{{ 

This is an amazing description of the situation, I love all the detail it almost makes it feel like it is me there witnessing it. Thank you so much for reposting here for us to enjoy

}}

Thanks, nice to hear you enjoyed it! And I really love to remember all the details. Actually, they details may be quite important for how the story goes. I am absolutely sure, If I wouldn´t have helped her pulling the zipper of her tight skirt down, she would have failed to do it herself. Her hands were trembling so much, she was so extremely fidgety. If I hadn´t done it for her, she certainly would have ended up totally peeing herself.

*012*2015-05-23 12:41

{{ 

It depends. My wife knows her need to pee arouses me, and she lets me to assist her in the bathroom and pull down her panties. But that's probably all I can have, she doesn't seem interested in, for example, sex with full bladder.

BTW. Great story! I think it's a perfect pee movie scenario.

}}

Well, assisting my wife to pee in the bathroom is what I may be able to get too, I guess, as a kind of maximum - if I ask her about that. I am just afraid that when she is again going through a very bad pee desperation incident in public which lasts longer (and with an uncertain outcome, maybe a very embarrassing one...) she may really feel bad if she knew I am actually enjoying what I see... But this is of course mostly true for public situations.

*013*2015-05-30 09:27

{{ 

....BTW. Great story! I think it's a perfect pee movie scenario.

}}

Hm, that´s an interesting idea! ;-) Unfortunately I just had to "record" it with my eyes and ears - but indeed I would very much like to have a an actual video of all my wife´s pee emergencies. What an exciting imagination!

*015*2015-05-31 05:43

{{ 

I think it's OK that you "record" these situations and have them only for yourself. It's your wife, you don't have to share the picture with others. But I like your stories. I like them even more because they are not only well written, but also true.

It becomes interesting for me what bladder capacity your wife has.

}}

Well, I certainly wouldn´t think of sharing any videos or pics from these incidents, if I actually had some (which I don´t). But of course having the experiences clearly in my mind´s eye really helps to write the stories about them!

Concerning my wife´s bladder capacity - or at least a good guess for it, see:

$/26132-estimating-my-wife%C2%B4s-maximum-bladder-capacity/

