Scaring Myself

Author: Millan

*000*2012-03-14 19:43

So, again since this was linked when I posted my first story I guess you guys have already seen it at some other site. I'm going to post it anyway though because it would be weird to have a break in the series, but I still feel like the whole thing with me posting one of these every now and then has been ruined up til now. The good part though is that this third part is the last part that is available online, so after this part everything I post should be new to all of you...

But I will wait a bit with the last two parts...Partially because I feel like the second and third parts were half-ruined by the links, but also because I have a much bigger assignment I need to work on now so I won't have as much time for this site for a week and a half or so.

Anyway, feedback in any form is appreciated, it helps me improve and it helps me motivate myself to write more. Just as the previous two stories I wrote this a couple of years ago when my English was worse than what it is now, but hopefully everything should be fine.

Enjoy my third experiment :)

###

I had tortured my bladder two times today already, and I didn’t know how much more it could handle. After stepping out of the shower where I cleaned up after trying my camouflage kit out, I needed to pee really often, like every 30-40 minutes, even though it wasn’t much. My bladder was very weak, but I still had the evening and night for further experiments. Now that I had found this new interest, I couldn’t let any opportunity go to waste.

I was hoping that if I didn’t torture my bladder at all, and just let the pressure out whenever it built up, I would be able to do a third experiment later on.

So, having to wait for my bladder to recover, I watched some movies and spent some time in front of the computer. At the start I had to go really often, but it seemed like a waste to just use the bathroom normally. I was wearing only panties in the start, and when I needed to go the first time I went to the bathroom as usual. I sat down on the toilet, but I left my panties on, and waited a bit. Then I suddenly felt my panties go all warm, and I heard the sound off my pee hitting the water in the toilet. I smiled for myself, it was nice alright, but the real desperation and wetting earlier today was way better. I was going to try everything though, and this was a pretty nice substitute while my bladder was recovering!

I cleaned up, put a new pair of panties on, this time a white thong, and I decided to wear my “pyjama pants” over that. They’re not exactly pyjama pants, but still some kind of baggy, soft, very comfortable pants that are just perfect to wear when doing nothing!

I picked a big t-shirt with no bra under, and a big, soft shirt to go with the pants, just to make everything as comfortable and nice as possible. I watched some movie on the TV, can’t really remember which one, but I sat there for about 2½ hours. Every commercial break I went to the bathroom, pulled my pants down, and wet my underwear on the toilet.

It was just as nice every time, felt a bit different with different kinds of panties, and I was getting hornier for every time I did it. I lost track of how many pairs of panties I peed through that day.

The warm feeling when it happened was just as nice as always, but I noticed another thing when sitting down. When I wet myself sitting, the flow tickles me in a special place in a different way than when I stand up, adding to the pleasure. I knew that I was going to carry on doing this a few times though, and I was still a bit tired from the stuff earlier today, so I didn’t use the situation to it’s fullest, I just wet myself, enjoyed it as it was, and let it be that way. I became thirsty after a while, and when I drank I wasn’t able to hold it until the commercial break. I had to do something to not miss the end of the movie!

Desperate to pee, and not wanting to torture my bladder more because I wanted it “in shape” for my evening plans, I dashed to the garage with one hand between my legs to get a plastic cover I knew we had there. I found it, stopped and jumped a bit on the spot with my hands jammed in tight between my legs to help the pressure, but it wasn’t enough; I leaked a bit in my panties. I did manage to stop it before my pants got wet though.

It was pretty nice to know and feel that my panties were wet, while my pants were dry. It was kind of a naughty and sneaky feeling, as I was now out in the parking lot of my neighbourhood, with wet underwear.

I rushed inside and put the plastic cover on the floor in front of the TV together with some towels.

I ripped my pants of really fast, threw them away, and as I was about to sit down I felt the familiar feeling of my crotch getting wet. I looked down and saw it start to run down my legs, and then I sat down really fast so that I would get everything on the cover. It worked perfectly; I peed for a few seconds or so, getting my ass and part of my thighs wet, together with my private area of course!

I giggled a bit, the cover and towels soaked things up pretty fast, and it didn’t smell at all since I had been peeing so much today. It was totally clear. I sat there and watched the end of the film, pissed myself another time when it was over, and noticed that my bladder was finally starting to recover from the earlier events. Since I had wet myself so many times recently I was getting really aroused by now and kind of had to do something about it. I went up to my laptop, wearing nothing but my already soaked panties, and brought it down to my spot on the living-room floor.

I opened some of my favourite wetting clips and put the laptop in front of me, and then I watched about 30 minutes of different wetting as I fondled myself. I went through the play list 3 times, starting with stroking my arms, belly and legs a bit, moving slowly over to the better spots, worked with my breasts a bit as I watched a really cute blond girl pee her jeans completely due to the toilet door being locked. I could lock my toilet doors from the outside, which gave me another idea for later on…

I spread my legs and let one hand stroke my inner thighs while the other one stayed higher up, giving my nipples attention. A drunken girl wearing only white panties wet herself on my laptop screen, she was really pretty as well, and seeing her just as naked as I was made things even better. I watched that specific clip a few times, and the third time she wet her panties, I wet mine too. I went over the clip again, starting to get there, I had my left hand inside my panties and my right one all over my breasts. The cutie on my screen must’ve wet her panties over ten times now, poor girl!

I was going crazy, and couldn’t sit still while I fondled myself. It didn’t take long for me to get there, and as I watched the clips go on, smiling for myself, I wondered why I didn’t discover this fetish earlier.

When I was back to normal after a few minutes, I cleaned up, put the stuff in the washing machine and went to get another pair of panties. I had used so many today, but it was for a good cause!

I sat in front of the computer with my “pyjama pants” on again, browsing some stuff on the web, and I noticed I was able to hang on longer now between the pee-breaks. I checked what was going to be on TV later on, and I saw a movie that could fit in just perfectly with my tests.

While waiting for it to start, I continued to browse the web, looking for some more videos and stuff that could be nice for another day. I found some girls that enjoyed diapers as well; I’m a bit skeptical to that, but I still think everything needs to be tested once before you can say you don’t like it. I don’t know how to test that though, since I didn’t know where to get any diapers to try with, so I decided to not bother with that for now.

Anyway, time went by, and my bladder recovered pretty nicely, until I didn’t have to go that often again. It was not fully back to normal, but it would do.

I started drinking some cola, slowly over time, aiming for the pressure to build up slowly and torture my bladder again. Making things smooth, not rushed, because that just turns out bad in my opinion. It was starting to get late, and really dark. I’m a bit scared of the dark, so I had some extra lights inside, and made myself a cup of tea when I ran out of cola; it’s a bit cosier with something warm to drink as well. Eventually pressure was building up, and I was almost ready to wet myself, but not totally desperate. My aim for this time was to not be completely desperate though, I wanted to be near the edge, but I didn’t want to loose it from not being able to hold on. I wanted to loose it for another reason, since I really want to try every different way of wetting. Different causes to the wetting itself are just one part of my amazing project.

It started to rain loads outside, and the wind was blowing hard. The weather was actually kind of scary, but it was still perfect for my plan. I tried to stay calm, but it was hard, all alone in the dark, scared and desperate, I was starting to doubt my plan.

The sounds the wind made together with the complete darkness and heavy rain makes a really heavy impact on a girl like me, I was terrified by the conditions, and every sound made me turn my head looking for things, jumping in fright sometimes. My heart was beating faster and I started breathing heavily as well.

I looked at the clock and saw the movie was about to start. I went into my room to change; I picked a pair of boxer-panties this time, red with some cute little flowers on. I pulled a pair of jeans-overalls over them, they were a bit too small but I managed to get into them.

They were light blue, my favourite colour for wettings, as it shows really much. I crossed my legs, the tight pants made my bladders situation worse, as I put a bra on together with a white t-shirt. I found some cute, red socks to go with the rest. Then I went downstairs and made sure I had something to drink for the movie. The cover and the towels were dry by now, so I put them over the couch and parked myself for the movie. I made sure the entire room was completely dark; terrified I hugged a pillow as the movie started.

My heart was about to beat out of my chest from just being there, and I was about to watch a horror-movie to make the whole situation worse. I held myself with one hand, and I felt my breasts with the other in an attempt to calm down a bit. I drank some water, as the movie itself wasn’t very scary in the start. I screamed a few times later on when it became worse, and one time it scared me so much that I almost hit the roof. When I landed I felt my panties. They were a bit damp, but it was nothing much. I thought for myself, “You can make it through this, you’re a brave girl, and you’re going to prove to yourself that you’re not as scared of everything as you think”.

It sounded like something was knocking on my window; I swallowed hard and had a look. Just as I did, lightning struck, flashing everything in light made things look even more terrifying, and a big boom followed. I jumped high again, and then I closed my eyes and pretended I was somewhere else. I was still dry, but I didn’t even know that myself, I was so scared!

I opened my eyes, and noticed that I had a tear running down my cheek. I was sobbing softly, and my attempts to scare myself, even if they were planned, seemed to go along perfectly, the effect was probably even better than I had planned, mostly due to the weather turning out to be much worse than what was promised. I was opening and closing my eyes every now and then, as I didn’t want to see everything in the movie, my shoulders were moving up and down from fear, and tears started running down my cheeks; a short while later I was crying like a little girl. I was so scared I had totally forgotten about my bladder, I don’t even remember being desperate after the movie and weather started to frighten me.

Everything was suddenly quiet, and I opened my eyes. It was dark, only that was enough to keep me softly sobbing, but other than that, things were calm enough for me to be able to watch the movie again. Of course it was the worst part of it, showing things so horrible I was paralysed with fear. I started to close and open my eye again, seems to be some reflex when I’m really scared.

The movie went quiet for a while, and dark. Everything around me was completely dark. Then there was some high, creepy sound from the monsters in the movie, and loads of stuff going on,

I think the main characters were trapped somewhere, and I could really feel their situation. They thought they were safe, as did I, but as usual in horror movies things just come out of nowhere for the surprise effect – This one was no exception. Even if it was pretty obvious, I screamed really loud, almost fainted, my face was pale, every single part of my body was just at the peak of terror and I was sure I was about to die.

Then everything went quiet again.

The only thing I could hear was a slow, softly hissing sound coming from between my legs, and I realized that I had lost control and started wetting myself during that last sequence of the movie.

My body was shaking from the scary period I had been though, and I was still pretty much in shock, sobbing quietly as I felt the warm wetness spread up my ass and forward around my thighs. The warm and nice feeling calmed me down a bit, but I was still terrified, breathing hard and shaking. It was a slow and steady flow this time, which made the heat spread slower than usual and last much longer, it felt really nice to be sitting down and wet myself for such a long time. I looked down and saw it running out of my pants onto the plastic cover, following my inner thighs almost all the way to my knees, and working its way pretty high up at my pussy, it stopped like half-way to my belly-button.

Since I was sitting down I became much wetter around my ass and the back-part of my pants, and eventually I was wet a few centimetres above my butt. Below that, I was wet all the way around my ass and down front, past my pussy, following my inner thighs and the back of my legs to my knees,

I was completely soaked again. It felt great to have that warm feeling at my private area, ass and thighs, it’s simply awesome, and tricky to describe further – Nothing beats it.

I was still steadily peeing my pants, starting to calm down as the flow subsided and eventually stopped. I sat there and hugged a pillow until it started to get cold, then I went with the cover to the washing machine and stuffed it in. I took off my soaked jeans-overall, held it in front of me and giggled as I inspected the wetness. Apparently if you scare a girl enough, she’s capable of some really sexy things.

This was also the first time I managed to almost completely soak my panties. Only the very top parts of the sides were dry, I had peed so much the rest was totally drenched. I removed my socks, shirt and bra and put them in the washing machine, together with the plastic cover and the towels – I needed those one more time before I went to bed. I took a stroll around the house, wearing only my really wet panties, and turned on every single light there was so that I eventually would be completely calmed down and dare to sleep. Wetting my pants always makes me aroused, this was no exception, but I was still very scared, and it’s hard to concentrate on playing when you’re really scared. I started to fill the bath tub with warm water, and while it did I stepped in the shower for a quick clean up around my private parts and legs, so that I would be clean when I went in the tub.

I took a long, relaxing and warm bath before I went up, wrapped myself in a blanket and had some tea in front of the computer. I just did some random stuff for a while, trying to have it as cosy as possible to calm down.

Since I had wet myself several times this day, I didn’t trust my weak bladder when I went to bed. I put the plastic cover over the bed at first, and went in, naked. Felt a bit weird to lie naked on plastic material though, and I thought, if I’m wetting myself while I sleep, I might as well wear something. So I went for yet another pair of panties, green regular ones this time, and pyjama-pants that were white with teddy-bears all over. Eventually I fell asleep and dreamt of all the things I was going to do the next day, which you will hear about soon!

*008*2012-04-18 08:59

Thank you for the feedback...Seeing as people seem to prefer this story over my others, maybe I will try to do something like this again. It has to be something original though, and not just the same thing again! I'll give it some thought and see what I can come up with, but I would love suggestions as well.

Oh and for Bob's comment: I had some feedback on this story when I posted it on other sites as well, but no one pointed out that particular part. I'm glad you liked it, cause I was actually thinking about maybe editing it out a bit as there seems to be...Let's say less interest in those parts than the "real" wettings. Anyway I don't have a problem writing about the sexual aspect of this (Honestly this is the biggest turn on I have personally experienced so far in life) on the internet as chances that I will meet someone from here is very small anyway. So I tend to include everything for better or for worse

Anyway, about the panties. I could have actually figured out at least the majority of the pairs I worse that day due to my ridiculously detailed memory, but it never occurred to me that it could be an interesting detail! I still have many stories in my mind that are a couple of years old, so...Thank you for that comment, now I have something to improve :)

*012*2012-06-14 10:31

Just posting again because I have a bit of a question...Thanks for the continued feedback though, it's nice to hear people like this sort of thing, cause it really is something that is a bit more rare within this fetish, but that I like a lot. It is a bit tricky to pull off while still being planned though, and the chances of something like this happening unplanned are probably very slim, at least for someone like me who is not out a lot and thus never really encounters anything scary.

Anyway, my question. It kind of ties a bit into my latest post here and the comments on that, regarding if I were to do something like this again. If I were to do another fear wetting, what could I do? The reason I did this one the way I did was basically because I didn't have any other ideas on what I could do that would make me loose it from being scared (even though of course the full bladder did its part).

I guess the main problem is that it is very hard to do this on my own without repeating more or less the same scenario. I'm thinking if I met someone at some point who is also into this thing it would be more common for us to be around each other with sort-of full bladders, which then means that the other person can set something up without me knowing that might scare me into wetting myself. If I met someone who is into this sort of thing I would tell them of what I like extra much, and thus they would know that doing something that scares me would also be something I would enjoy afterwards.

But, as long as I am on my own...Do you guys have any ideas? As I said I really enjoyed this scenario, it was special for me and apparently for you as well since it is something a bit more rare :) I would love to do it again but I want to be a bit original anyway. So, please send me any ideas you have. Either here or through a PM or in the Inspiration Thread would be fine!

*020*2012-07-25 21:04

I'm so glad so many people like this, it was really a special experience that, while scaring the pee out of me, is extremely sexy to look back at. I would love to try something like this with another person though, like both of us watching a scary movie with a full bladder or playing a game. I'm definitely going to scare myself into wetting again as soon as I can, since it is one of my biggest "fetishes within the fetish" :p

For now I only own one "scary" game, Dead Island, and it's not very scary actually, haha. But I'm thinking with a full bladder and some focus and so on maybe it can make for a fun situation. Else I'll have to find another game :)

