Yesterday

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-12-15 19:20

Okay everyone, seeing as it's the holidays (nearly) I'm writing a double story!

Yesterday I had two very interesting omo experiences.

As I'm typing this I'm needing to go as well we will see what happens!

So, yesterday morning me and my housemate got up early as we had an exam, we somehow thought it started half an hour later than it did but luckily we only missed three minutes. It was all timed and irritating but I found it a lot easier than I had thought, so I breezed through it. We then had a short break where I grabbed some food, I didn't expect that we had a second part to the exam but we did and I was STARVING by that point.

We get back in the exam for the two hour second section, it was a translation to and from our native tongue from/to italian, so one of each basically. I managed it in about 30 mins and was sat their bored. So, being bored, I messed about, drank some water, looked around, drank more water etc. I finished my water basically!

When we were let out me and my housemate rushed to the library as we had to fill out a contract for a place in Spain, the next part of our study abroad, and we don't have a printer at home. I started feeling my need to go but ignored it, knowing we'd get something to eat soon and I could use the bathrooms there.

The place we were going to however was closed, and there was a van doing spiral potato things, we wanted to go for those as they were novelty potatoes (you have to right?) but it was freezing outside and took a while. I was starting to shuffle a bit uncomfortably as I needed to go.

We are then waiting at the bus stop and I'm stood crossing my legs with the need but it feels mainly external as I'm freezing cold. The bus comes eventually and we get on, and proceed to the exchange stop. As our bus pulls up the connecting bus leaves, I was thinking 'shit' because I wasn't much in a state to walk, and it usually takes less time to walk than to wait for the next bus.

So anyway, we start the walk and my bladder is stinging I have to go so badly externally. I am unable to keep up my usual pace as I really had to pee! Me and my housemate were talking about a TV show and that took my mind off it, but it was a constant nagging.

I got in eventually and pushed my need to the back of my mind, and sorted out sending the contract to our landlord in Spain, I was bouncing in my chair with one hand in my crotch and telling homeanddry about it all.

I thought I was about to wet myself right there in the seat so I got up and quickly went to the toilet, but I had to stop in front of the toilet and had a spasm that let out a 4-5 second spurt right there. My light grey panties were dark grey and my pants were wet in the crotch and part way down my left leg.

Second story:

Now, when homeanddry is at work I always try to incorporate some omo to make his shift more interesting, however, last night that very nearly went wrong. I had to go at a 7 about an hour before he left, thinking I would have to wait two hours I limited my fluid intake and held on. I spoke to my bf about loads of things, and thinking HaD would be at work soon, it wouldn't be too painful, however, when he got there his manager was waiting for him, and stayed basically an extra hour.

Now, that hour was torture, I had been holding myself with one hand for most of the time until he got there, but after that I was two handed, writhing around, unable to focus on anything, my eyes watering and my stomach bloated out with the amount of liquid. I was literally begging myself to hold on, and it was so so very painful.

It had gone from being external to internal pressure, to numb and painfully external over a few hours. Eventually we were able to speak and I was still managing to hold on. I decided I would use my plastic bin as I had held for this long I wanted to see the results!! I held and held and held trying to make it last as long as I could, but I soon felt a spasm and a leak and positioned myself over the bin and had a super long and relieving pee into the bin. It was loud and went on for quite a while quite forcefully hitting against the plastic of the bin, but eventually it was done, and my kidneys were throbbing.

I looked into my 8 litre bin and saw I had managed at least 2 litres of liquid in the bin!

Anyway,

Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed it

EQ x

