Porta Potty Fun

Author: Huron

*000*2014-07-06 07:01

So I've been enjoying the forums for a while and selfishly haven't contributed anything yet, so I thought I'd get started by sharing an experience I just had.

So tonight I went to watch an outside movie tonight. They blew up a giant screen in the middle of a field, and there was some live music and a bunch of food trucks as well. So as with any event, there was of course a need to provide bathrooms, so on both sides of the screen there were a bunch of porta potties lined up for use. Now the great thing about these is that they have a bunch of holes at the top meant for ventilation, but this also has the unintended side effect of making them less than soundproof. If you were in a neighboring porta potty you were able to hear everything very clearly.

Since the movie was a good two hours long, and people had been there at least a couple hours earlier for food trucks and music, most everyone had to use the porta potties (especially since many trucks offered tea and coffee). So needless to say many times that I went to the bathroom I was able to hear the lovely sounds of many beautiful women relieving themselves.

I went in next to one very serious looking blonde women who looked like she was in a hurry. As soon as she sat down I heard her immediately start gushing a powerful stream of piss. It went on for a good 20 seconds before she was done. Another time I ended up going in right as two desperate looking girls went in on either side of me. The sound of them wetting made it very hard for me to go (for obvious reasons). There were a few other non noteworthy times I got to hear, but the best one was the last one of the night as the movie ended. A cute looking girl came over searching for an open bathroom. 

She had on a skirt that was slightly wet on the backside, I wasn't sure if it was wetting but it got my interest. Anyways I went over because I wanted to go to the bathroom before leaving. It was dark and she wasn't able to see which porta potties weren't occupied, so I shined my phone light to help, and then took the one next to her. After a few seconds I heard a strong stream of pee hit the water, which continued on for a long time. This women must have been holding it for the entire movie, probably avoiding the porta potties until she could no longer wait.

Anyways I thought I'd share, because I don't know about you guys, but I love the sound of a girl peeing. I don't usually encounter any sort of experiences like this, so it was pretty cool. Thats's the end of my story, I hope you guys enjoy it.

