My mother's very public pregnant accident!

Author: Kimiko3

*000*2014-08-26 16:04

This is quite an odd experience because I was there, but I was actually inside her as an unborn baby! So I'm purely recounting the story as she told it. That's why it's not so vividly described, I can't remember it.

Before she had me my mother was a very successful scientist. Now I'm an adult she is again. But she gave up her career to care for me. When she was pregnant she knew that she'd have to stop work to be my mother, but her project was almost done and she was determined to finish it before she had to retire. She was really young then, only 24 I think. It was a big sacrifice for her to make, but I had a better childhood because of it. Anyway, once she was very pregnant she finished her project and was chosen to present the results to a large committee, including my father, because unlike many scientists she was a good communicator. 

So she went to make her presentation, dressed very smartly in a short black dress and flat shoes. Her belly was of course round and full of me, but I along with many of you think that's cute (maybe I'm biased as someone who was once pregnant too). She was a little nervous at presenting to so many people, but she was always very confident about these things. But she made the mistake (if you think it's a mistake!) of drinking loads of water before and during the presentation, so she and I wouldn't be dehydrated. By the time she started she was already a little desperate, but thought she'd be fine since she was a strong lady with (as she thought) a bladder to match.

Japan in 1987 was not so tolerant of women scientists and certainly not of pregnant ones, so she knew she really had to impress the mostly male audience. And she did that, very well! She could sense already that they were starting to like her. But she could also sense that maybe she should have gone to the toilet before, since she was really getting desperate. But she couldn't go now, it would make her look silly. And besides, she was strong, she could hold it (so she thought!). When she finished her presentation she was really struggling to hold it in, trying to clench her legs and not squirm. But then she had to answer questions! And there were many, many questions. 

As she answered all of them, very professionally, she began to squirm in pain, unprofessionally! But she couldn't run for the toilet, they'd judge her badly for it. After a while of this, she was really suffering, shuffling from foot to foot, with her face showing some anguish. Then a nice young man in the crowd asked her if she needed to pee, because she looked like she really needed to! She said she did actually, and asked if the audience would mind if she went for a few minutes and came back to answer more questions later. Most of them said that was fine, so she dashed for relief, holding herself through her dress! The ladies' toilet was on a different level, so she had to go downstairs, clenching her legs tight and chanting "I can hold it..." to herself, which gave her the strength to go on!

She thought she could get to the toilet. She was a strong lady after all. But then I squirmed around and kicked, as unborn babies do, and took her past her bursting point. She said she could feel the moment as I pushed on her bladder and her floodgates burst open only a few metres from the toilet. I'm peeing myself, she thought. This is what it feels like. Urine gushed down her legs and all over the floor. By the time she reached the toilet, her bladder was empty. Her panties were soaked, and her socks, shoes and dress were wet, too. She took off her socks and panties, wrung them out, put them in her bag and tried to clean herself as best she could. Then she sat on the toilet. Being the strong lady she was, she didn't cry or anything like that. She'd just carry on with her presentation, wet dress or not.

She came out of the toilet to find her husband (my father) and some other concerned people waiting for her, having noticed the puddle on the floor and deducing that she hadn't quite got to the toilet in time.

"O, Yui, I'm so sorry," said my father. "Can you go on?"

"Of course I can," she said, smiling. "Accidents happen. It's not something to be too worried about."

Then she slipped on her own pee puddle, coming down hard on her bottom. That in itself wasn't the humiliating bit, it was that she, having removed her panties, had fallen exposing her bare vulva to several distinguished gentlemen.

"U...sorry," she said, giggling as she closed her legs. "I'm sure you didn't want to see that. Or maybe you did."

"O, Yui," said my father, even more worried now. "I think I should take you home."

"No, it's fine," she said. "I may have wet panties and a soaked, bruised bottom, but I shall finish that presentation."

My father helped her to her feet, then led her back upstairs to where she was presenting before.

"Sorry, folks," she said, still smiling. "I peed myself and slipped on my own puddle, but I'm fine now. Any more questions?"

Not surprisingly, there weren't any more at first! But soon there were, and she finished her presentation with distinction! Afterwards she received congratulations from everyone, and said she was very grateful, but what she really wanted was a nice bath and a change of clothes!

I thought that was a really cute story. My mother's like that, not bothered by small things and usually cheerful. Of course this is all second hand because I don't remember it, but I hope you enjoyed it anyway!

*002*2014-08-27 08:20

She's very brave about these things. She's vomited, wet and messed herself in situations where I'd be curled up crying but gone on with a smile anyway.

*005*2014-08-29 09:19

{{ 

This was cute [slams hands on desk], but there is an underlying meaning to it, I'm sure of it! That meaning is [suddenly points][dramatic music plays], you are showing proof that you were into Omorashi before you were even born!

}}

Haha, very true! Maybe it's always been with me in a way.

{{ 

That was a very cute story....im pregnant at the moment but only early on, im just waiting till the baby grows and its using my bladder as a squeeze toy :p

}}

Are you feeling very sick? I did all the time I was pregnant. I could only eat plain rice and vegetables, everything else made me sick...but then I had 2 little ones in me.

*007*2014-08-29 14:20

I'd say to expect lots of sickness. And when you do give birth, do it squatting not lying down, it's still a bit painful but less so and you're not so likely to get tearing. I didn't, luckily.

*010*2014-08-31 09:39

They didn't have much choice really, she wasn't going to stop because she'd had a little accident! If anybody in the audience liked omorashi he had a wonderful time I'm sure.

