Memory of wet teenage fun

Author: Barry

*000*2015-11-16 11:22

I remember one the early times I got to experiment with some extended omo play with no interruptions. I always loved wetting my pants from as long ago as I remember, but I was usually restricted to times I was playing with water, or swimming. I would wet my dry pants whenever I could, but that was really only before I would be doing laundry, or could slip my pants in the washing machine without being caught, and even then it was usually just my underpants. Sometimes I would wet my undies and hide them, until I could put them in the wash or they dried.

But one summer Saturday when I was 17, my mother was away visiting relatives, and my dad was going to be away from lunchtime until after 6, and I had the house to myself all afternoon.

I had already planned what I was going to do, and told dad I'd do a load of washing and hang it up later.

I got up fairly early for a teenager, maybe 10 or so. I had to have my morning pee, but then made an effort to start drinking lots of fluids. A couple of cups of tea, then into the water and cordial. By the time my old man left, I was starting to fill up nicely, and my need to pee was back, although not urgent.

I had my outfit all planned. I put on an old pair of speedos that only just fit me, followed by 2 pairs of briefs, and 2 pairs of white Y fronts. I remember them clearly. I'd never owned them before, only coloured briefs, but dad used to wear them, and I had received a 2 pack for a gift. Dad always wore white Y fronts, and I considered them to be old people underwear. But they were comfy, so I wore them after they were given to me. Lastly, over my 4 layers of underclothes, I put on a baggy pair of board shorts. They were very "loud," with lots of random splashes of bright colours on a black background.

Of course I had wet these many times before, and knew they didn't show wetness easily.

I went outside and proceeded to clean my car. It was a rust box, but you love your car at that age! I turned some music on and lovingly vacuumed it, cleans the dash and seats, and continued constantly drinking as much water and cordial as I could. Soon I was starting to feel real urgency, but I wanted to hold on and hopefully have a real accident.

I kept trying to make things difficult. I'd spread my legs open, stretch out, squat down on my haunches to clean under the seats, but I never lost control. Eventually I started relaxing my bladder for a 3 count, then a 4, then a five. Soon, I'd feel my pee almost release, then I'd clamp down again. I started grabbing my crotch with my hand and moaning, just like a desperate little kid.

After an hour or so had passed, I was squirming, but I still hadn't leaked a drop. It seemed like if I relaxed for even a second or so I would leak, but I just couldn't lose control accidentally. Time for stage 2 of my plan.

I filled up a bucket of hot water, and got the hose out. I started hosing off the car, and the sound of running water and the puddle I was standing in seemed set to break me, but still I had control. I started washing the car with a sponge. As I put my hand in the hot water, I felt a spasm! I quickly grabbed with my dry hand and squeezed, but still no leak.

By now my manhood was pulsing, and not with arousal, (OK, maybe a little...) but with the need to pee. I was determined to have a real accident, and not just purposely wet again. I made an effort to leave my hand in the warm water, and to stand up straight with my legs apart. It felt like my dick would explode. My bladder and kidneys were even sore, but still I stayed dry as I washed the main body of my pride and joy.

I stopped for a break. I dried my hands with a towel so as not to get my pants wet, and put my hand inside all the layers to my speedos. To my surprise they felt a bit wet. I'm not sure if I had dripped a bit or was maybe just worked up. But I tucked everything into place again and picked up my drink. I stood up straight and took a few deep swallows, when suddenly I squirted! I must've taken my mind off it for a moment as I started drinking, and I immediately started dribbling. It was more than a little bit too. I felt a definite warmth on my crotch. I must've leaked for a good few seconds, but my layers soaked it up. My shorts were still dry. I snuck behind the car and had a look. I had a wet spot in my first pair of Y fronts.

Feeling an impending accident, I started washing the wheels. Once again I hunkered down in a squat, with my legs apart. As I soaped the wheel, I held the hose in my other hand. Suddenly I trickled the cold water over my bare feet.....

That was enough. The dam broke, and as I squatted there I lost control for maybe 20 seconds, and flooded my shorts. Pee ran everywhere, down my lap, my legs, my butt and my hand which I dropped the sponge out of to grab hold with.

After I regained control, I was still holding maybe half a bladder full, but my pants were dripping. I finished washing the car, then packed up. My thin board shorts had mostly dried in the hot sun within 10 minutes, although my 4 layers of underwear were still soaked. So I stood on the lawn and deliberately let go of more, but not all.

I stayed outside pottering around for ages. I kept drinking, and waiting for my pants to dry before I wet them again.

After awhile I even stopped holding altogether, and tried to just constantly leak as soon as any build up occurred. I would've peed myself a dozen times or more that day, and got to leave my wet pants on for hours.

I'd love to do that again actually.

