Her mom wouldn't let us use the bathroom

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-09-29 02:56

Don’t you just love it when friends’ parents won’t let you use a bathroom? I have multiple stories on this topic, but I have one in particular that really stands out.

As young as 4 years old, I knew I was…different in my sexuality. Certain cartoon characters made me as I said “feel funny”. Sedusa from powerpuff girls, Sam from totally spies, and Aelita from Code lyoko made me feel particularly “weird” for some reason. I bring this up because I had a female friend [Whom I will call Lee] in my tween years that made me feel that way. It wasn’t a full out, as little girl’s call it “crush”, but I just thought she was ptetty and wanted to kiss her.

Summer days we would hang out all day, sometimes suddenly just have random sleepovers, and at sunset we would take a dip in her pool.

You see, whenever I swim in pools I ALWAYS have to pee REALLY bad afterward. And for extended periods I would have to go…not in the pool. I always was sluggish going to the toilet while or after swimming because the house is cold, and frankly putting my warm, wet bottom on a cold seat is off putting. Not to mention that peeing in the pool was out of the question for me.

This one time Lee looks at me, “I have to pee, be right back”

“Okay” I looked at her as she emerged out of the pool. Her skin was sunkissed and it contrasted with her cute white bikini. Was she growing hips?

I saw Lee grab a pitcher hanging on the fence and went around the side of her house she was still in full view, I could see her lean against the siding. I thought she was…

Oh.

I could hear the full out hissing of her pee. A steady stream flooded into a puddle on the grass. She didn’t even take off her bathing suit bottoms.

“Ahhh…” She tilted her head back.

“LEE!” I blushed, “Why are you peeing there!?”

“Oh, I didn’t tell you? My mom doesn’t want us tracking water into the house, so we have to pee outside.”

“We…have to pee…outside…?”

“Yea, it feels pretty good.” She was walking toward me now, “Just use the pool water to drown the smell out, and to wash yourself” She used the pitcher and poured in into her bikini.

Now that she mentions it…I had to pee myself…

“C-Can…Can I try?”

Lee handed me the pitcher.

Peeing outside…like a man would.

I did as Lee did, pressed my back against the siding. I looked back at Lee who was also looking. And I lost it, flooding my boy shorts.

The pee rolled down my pant leg, hissing like her pee did.

“All done!” I used the water and poured the pool water into my shorts.

The cold water felt nice on my now hot privates and I climbed back in. Not even 15 minutes we both had to go again.

“Wanna go together” I asked Lee, “I can barely hold it”

We both escaped to the side of the house and let it all out again, I looked at Lee’s stream and giggled, she did as well. We were trickling pretty hard, and each time we laughed the stream got harder, which made us laugh even more. Again, we washed ourselves and dove back into the pool.

A half hour goes by, really, bladder. Seriously, I think it’s a problem that every time I go into a pool I have to pee. Maybe it’s the cold water or the intake, I don’t know.

“Lee, I’m gonna pee again”

“Panetto!” She giggled, “I don’t need to, sadly” and she went back to splashing about.

I crouched again and let it out again, watching the puddle grow in the now over saturated grassed. Damn, we peed a lot…And I kinda like it.

*004*2015-09-30 01:25

{{ 

Very nice story. It was a fun read!

Do you still keep in touch with the girl in the story? Any later pee related happenings?

}}

Sadly no, and no. :[

{{ 

Oh how fun!!! My mom never encouraged us to pee outside even in our bathing suits, but I did it anyways.... when you're already wet, why not? x3

Anyways, great story! Thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you! and You should tell that story, I'd love to read it!

{{ 

What a great story. Thanks for sharing.

I've mentioned before how one of the things that started me on this kink was peeing in my swimsuit as a child. I was told to pee in my speedos at the beach once when I was 5-6 years old, and the experience stuck with me. Soon afterwards we got a small above ground pool, and my parents didn't want me tracking water through the house to go to the toilet, but not was I allowed to pee in the pool. They told me to get out of the pool and go behind some bushes in the yard. Well once I put it off for to long, and started wetting my pants as I climbed out, and I continued wetting myself as I ran behind the bushes. But that's when I learned that being wet already meant nobody knew! So from then on I would get out of the pool, go in my pants, sometimes not even making the effort of pretending to go to the bushes, then just get back in.

When I was 12, I had a neighbor friend a year younger. She occasionally wet her pants, though usually only in a minor way. I've written a few tales about her bigger accidents. She had a pool as well.

When we played together, we would do much the same as you did. We would just pee in our wet shorts in front of each other, sometimes making a game out of it. There was a few times that we knew we were going to get wet, maybe in the pool, a waterfight, or with the hose, and we would wet our dry pants first, before quickly getting wet to hide it. I told the story before, but once we pretended to be robbers breaking into the house, when the police showed up. We were pretending to be hiding, and so scared we wet ourselves. A few times we played that we were at school, maybe stuck in detention, and we couldn't leave, so we both had accidents.

But one that sticks out is one day we were going to hook the slip n slide up. As we started untangling the hose, Shelley turned it on, and stuck it down the front of her white shorts. I looked at her quizzically, and she just said "I was busting to do a piss!"

I asked her why she did that with the hose, and didn't wait a few more moments and wet her dry pants like we did, and she replied that her pants weren't dry at that stage, and she had been holding on too long, planning on wetting her pants when we got the slide set up, but she had lost control too soon and had a real accident. Because we weren't ready yet, she had taken emergency action to prevent being caught. As usual, she wasn't at all embarrassed about actually wetting her pants in a real accident. She thought it was just funny.

I always wonder how many of us here got our omo starts as kids wetting in our swimsuits.

}}

Awesome story! And this was just one of many incidents of starting my omo-journey.

