Backyard pee in a skirt

Author: jellybean18

*000*2015-06-17 20:44

I still live at home with my parents so I don't have a lot of opportunities for peeing somewhere other than the bathroom. But today I had the house to myself for a little while, so I decided to try something new. I had had a lot of water with lunch so my bladder was fairly full, not desperation level but I didn't want to make things too pressing just in case.

I took off my jeans and panties and put on a short blue skirt (I didn't want to worry about laundry afterwards). Then I went out to the backyard and found a patch of grass that looked nice and thirsty, relaxed and let go. Immediately a nice thick stream began to escape. At first it soaked into the ground, but I was peeing faster than the grass could absorb it, so it splattered me a little until I shifted my weight and kept going. By the time I was done there was no evidence, my secret was safe!

About 15 minutes later I had to go again since the water from lunch was still going through me, so I again stepped outside in that skirt and peed. This time I didn't get splattered since it wasn't as much. It felt so good to let go that way, I'll have to find a way to do it more often!

*009*2015-06-26 03:03

Glad you all enjoyed my story. :)

{{ 

Hot story! Glad you enjoyed it. Do you ever plan on doing it again but leaving your panties on while you pee?

}}

{{ 

Nice. Were you thinking ybout peeing with panties on, as said Barry? I think skirts are great to hide pissed pants in public

}}

My favorite part is watching the wet spot spread, which I can do in the bathroom with a handheld mirror but I can't do it outside. So no, not really. I sometimes pee through my panties in the bathroom though.

{{ 

Beware that concentrated urine can kill plants - dilute it by adding water if it's the case. It sounds like, though, that it was pretty dilute and should be OK.

}}

I find this kind of funny considering your signature. :P

