Ever been really surprised

Author: stan4444

*000*2013-01-21 13:39

Ever get surprised?

When my wife and I had been going out for a few months I did finally get her to do a pee, we were playing around in the car one night after a few drinks, and she kept saying I've got to go. I told her relax, she did and did a few spurts, which really surprised her.

From then on she would often like to pee together with me when we were out and about, and would occasionally wet herself, usually after a few drinks. Often only a little trickle, occasionally a full on wetting

.

One day after we had been engaged we were doing the rounds and meeting her relatives. It was summer time and she had on a halter top, small tight dark blue shorts and a pair of sandals. We were fairly close to our destination and she said to me. Do you want to pee? I didn’t really but did not want to miss an opportunity. We parked in a bit of a bushy pullover, got out she held it for me; she always enjoyed waiving it around as I was peeing, today even more so. After I had finished I said, your turn. She just said, don’t want to go and she got back in the car .OK bit odd so what.

Got to the relatives place, time dragged on, odd looking cakes and cups of tea; I was taking away happily to her uncle, when she had called me into the kitchen. Said straight up, we have got to go, now, I have started to wet myself, I felt down and sure enough there was dampness on the crotch of those little blue shorts. Bid our good byes, and went out to the car. It was parked drivers door to the house, I opened her door but she did not get in but asked me to. I did, close my door and she was still standing on the road with the door open facing me and talking across the roof of the car to her auntie.

As I watched she started to wet, not a flood and quite controlled and deliberately, with her legs together it was not splashing straight on the ground but mostly running down her legs(which I love) While still talking.

Finally said good bye, she just hoped in the car with a squelch and we drove off back to the place where I had peed earlier, she was peeling her wet pants of on the highway before we even got there. I was about ready to explode, I thing the whole thing took about 30 seconds.

Really was quite a turnaround, and from time to time she has continued to surprise me.

%http://www.peesearch.net/community/forums/newreply.php?do=newreply&p=368051'

>

*002*2013-01-22 20:04

HI

Thought I would add another I am glad you liked my last story, because they are all true, I will add another later if you are interested.

I would often try and get her to pee while she was wearing a skirt, and she did this from time to time both with and without panties

, but at a party one evening in 1976…

She looked great, platform shoes lime green top and tight black pants. Like most parties back then there was sometimes a little pot, but mostly just beer and wine, some spirits.

Nothing much had happened, everything just getting louder and a bit of falling about. My girl had by this stage had more to drink than me, and she normally did not drink very much.

I was sitting on a set of outside stairs when she came down the stairs to me, and stood on the step I was sitting on, I started to rub her lightly between the legs and asked her if she wanted to do a trickle, she said yes, giggled and moved around a bit and said done it. I told her I could not feel any wet spot, she said look down, and then soon there was some pee, not a lot flowing over her shoes. Here pants still did not look wet but you could now feel the wet spot.

I said finished? She said no I have got to do lots, so we walked around the place a bit looking for somewhere a bit quiet, no one in the lounge room so I sat down on a chair, she stood beside me and started to pee again, just then someone walked through and did not realise what was happening, although she stopped and you could still see the pee dribbling off the cuffs of her pants and onto the floor. We went out onto the front veranda, and she just stared and peed and peed, quite a puddle formed around her feet.

I had a massive hard on by this stage and wanted to get going, she said no, get me a drink, a big one, which I did. She drank it quickly and then I thought we would get going, but she just went around talking to people in her wet pants and nobody noticed.

About half an hour later she peed on the kitchen floor,( by this stage of the night there was so much other spillage that it was not noticeable) I was watching from the back and you could just see it dribbling out the legs of her pants, just a small puddle. She did one more out on the back concrete almost all of it going down her left leg and really running over her feet.

After we left and parked in quiet spot up the road, I was helping her get her pants off and with them being so tight and wet it was quite a pull, but worth it

%@http://www.peesearch.net/community/forums/newreply.php?do=newreply&p=368750

>

