First wetting (REAL STORY)

Author: MeliahMetal

*000*2013-04-15 00:44

It's my first story here on omorashi, so give me your feedback! I'm sorry if my english is not perfect, I'm from Québec and I speak french. On with the story that happened a year ago! There will be sexual language, thought I'd warn you.

It all began in math class. I was sitting next to my girlfriend. She has an athletic body with generous boobs and a very nice ass. She was wearing very tight black leggings with a white shirt. She as a very feminine face with long, curly blonde hair. Her name is Audrey. I saw her face and recognized it immediatly. It was a desperate girl's face!

- What's wrong?

- I really have to pee!

The boner was immediate and very easy to see. Audrey looked very kinky when she saw it down there, but I don't think she knows why I was aroused. During 45 minutes, I wasn't listening to the teacher cause Audrey was rocking back and forth, crossing legs and telling me:

- I need to go so bad!, or If I don't get to the washroom very soon, I'm gonna wet myself!

The bell rang, she rushed to the toilets and did her thing. Where's the wetting, you ask? It's coming!

That event aroused me so much, I just can't describe it in words. A very great idea came to my mind: I need to wet myself too!

At that time, I was aware of my fetish, but I was just watching videos on wetting video or reading stories here, because I lived with my parents. But that day, my parents were not home and I had an old pair of jeans I didn't wear anymore. So I decided I would get them and go to the woods to soak them. 30 minutes later, I was in the woods with 2 bottles of gatorade and a slight urge. I drank the first bottle, and began to feel VERY desperate. I began crossing my legs, doing my best to hold it in.

After the second bottle is where all the action started. I had never been that desperate before, I was doing everything possible to hold it, while being extremely aroused and having a huge boner. I began thinking about Audrey wetting her leggings, and that's what triggered it all. I felt a spurt get out of my cock and into my boxers. I moaned in pleasure, and looked at the damage.

A very small wet spot, By now, I was completely desperate and I loosed it all in my pants. Rivers of pee began flowing down my legs, my pants were soaked with hot pee. I felt embarassed but good at the same time, and, most of all, aroused like never before. I felt my dick was about to make a hole in my jeans because it was so big. I lost control again and couldn't hold it anymore, but I'm not talking about desperation. I took my cock off and began masturbating like never before. I was rubbing frenetically my soaked, huge cock until I felt an ocean of cum escape my dick and hit a nearby tree. I had never cumed that much, and felt an extremely powerful orgasm hit my whole body, one like I never had before.

2 days later I told Audrey about my fetish. If you want to know her surprising reaction and my experiences with her, give me feedback and I will probably continue posting as a series of stories concerning sometimes us both, sometimes Audrey only, but always 100% true! Hope you enjoyed it!

*002*2013-04-15 01:32

HAHAHAHA I've just seen that HORRIBLE mistake, it was boxers ;) I will edit right now, thanks for telling me! And thank you for your feedback, I should have considered that there's not only my opinion in this world, I'll edit that too. I will write the follow up as soon as possible, thank you for reading !

*011*2013-04-15 20:50

{{ 

Any reason why there is an emphasis put on the fact that this is a real story? Isn't this where we share real stories, this isn't the fiction section...

}}

Your right, I'm new to this site and did not think about it that way ;). I used to send stories on a french site wich was almost only fiction, and real stories were praised and scarce...

*013*2013-04-15 23:23

Thank you! Since this story received good feedback, the next part will probably be out next week-end (sorry for the delay, I don't have time during the week). I will give the link to the story here so stay in tune ;)

*016*2013-04-22 00:45

Here's part 2:

$/13648-audreys-reaction/

