Wet In Front of My Friend

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2014-09-04 21:49

A few nights ago, I was hanging out at home with my best friend. I had just excused myself to pee when my phone rang. It was my mom, and since our calls are usually brief, I took it. But, she ended up being chatty, and I ended up being desperate. I played it up a little bit, clowning to make my friend laugh, but he has bladder problems, so of course it wasn't funny to him; he actually felt bad for me. Finally, I got off the phone, and dashed to my bedroom door. I didn't realize I'd locked it; a force of habit. When I turned the knob and nothing happened, well, that was all it took to make me start losing it. I crossed my legs and said "Oh fudge!" (but I didn't actually say "fudge") and managed to get the door unlocked and hobble into the bathroom, peeing down my legs the whole time. Since I was already soaked, I just sat on the toilet with my jeans up and peed right through them.

I returned to my room. My friend looked embarrassed for me, and didn't want to look at me, but I chucked him under the chin and gave him a grin. "Damn phone made me pee my pants!" I giggled, and finally, he was able to smile a little, too. I pulled a pair of lounge pants and a pair of undies from my dresser, and excused myself to change in the bathroom. Even though he, as my best friend in the whole universe, knew about my fetishes, I'd never peed nor had an accident around him before. Sure, we'd peed in the woods together whilst out hiking, but we employed the girls to the left, boys to the right method.

"I don't get how you can be so casual about it! I'd be mortified!" That was his response when I came from the bathroom in dry clothes, still all smiles.

"Ah, it's not the worst thing in the world," I replied.

And my dear friend, his face suddenly lighting up, nodded and said: "Yes, it's not ebola." (Yes, that's what he really said. Ebola.)

*004*2014-09-07 13:51

{{ 

Why do you lock your bathroom door :) ?

}}

It wasn't my bathroom door that was locked, it was my bedroom door. I just lock it as a force of habit, because when my sons were younger, they would forget to lock up the house when they left for school.

