One-piece swimsuit public desperation

Author: Clodfish

*000*2014-06-20 12:58

I CANNOT WRITE THIS STORY, this is my 7th attempt on writing this experience and if i fail this time i'm not writing it again! Okay this happened to me during a summer break (or Christmas break as we call it here in the southern hemisphere!) during my time at high school. In the summer break me and Ellie (see "how i got my pee fetish" on my profile to know who she is) would go to have pic-nics at a lake near us (an hour walk).

I checked my bag one more time, energy drinks, two water bottles, chips and sandwiches. It was my turn to bring lunch and i was not going to disappoint. I set out in my swimming gear and started walking down the road. At the point where the road turned into a dirt path way headed for the lake i saw Ellie, i waved and she stopped in front of me, smiling and holding a bag with her one piece in it. Instead of her swimsuit she was wearing tight black jeans and a tank top. "Why didn't you get changed at home?" I asked her. "I just wanted to leave when i did" she replied. "Well when are you going to get changed?" I say knowing full well she was nervous getting changed around people, even if she was covered up by towels "theres going to be a lot of people at the lake Ellie". She pulled an 'oh yeah face' and said "yeah i'll go home and get changed then..."

"No no!" I reply "just get changed here, you can go against the fence and i'll just hold up a towel, no one will be able to see you!" I say with a smile. She blushes but eventually nods. So she go's against a high wood fence and i hold up a towel. Under the towel i see her jeans plop down between her feat, then follow by panties, which were strawberry ice cream pink with white hems. She then put them away and pulls up her one piece. She then walks out from behind the towel, revealing her long legs.

She was wearing a one piece which was lime green on the top and light blue at the bottom, with the colours mixing in the middle, it was a bit to big but it worked. Even without the a one piece on she looked good, she was tall with long legs, untouched by scars or marks of any kind, with a nice skin tan. She had brown hair going down to the middle of fore arm and boobs that weren't small but weren't large either. Her butt however, was small but had the right curves to not make it flat, but cute! She had green eyes and a nice even face to match! She smiled and said "shall we go" and we headed off.

About a quarter of the way in i started to notice something. She had stopped chatting and was walking slower. I disregarded it and continued but ten minutes later she started walking in a shuffle with her legs tight together and worried expression on her face. I asked whats wrong and she blushed and said "i really should have gone back home, i'm busting for the loo now." "Well we can't go back now" i lied for some reason "we are closer to the lakes than we are to your place. "There are portaloo's there so just hold on!" She grimaced but continued. About 20 steps after i suggest that she could just go here but she looks at me as if i'm crazy and keeps walking, it was an open space with a few houses dotted around after all. I slow down and start walking close behind her as she now hunched over a little bit and that give me a better view. She was really squirming and her butt wiggling a little bit, making the swimsuit go a little bit in the crack her butt.

A long while later she suddenly gasps and her hands go right into her crotch pulling her swimsuit even more into her butt. She totally stops then eyes tight shut, hands clutching as hard as they can, revealing more and more, body squirming as much as it could. She leaned right over herself and jump up and down on the spot, this giving the best view as i'm directly behind her now. She gives small squeak and a small but real wet spot grows on her swimming gear. She stops it and then go's into hyper drive. She jumping up and down in a lunatic manner saying "please don't pee! Please don't pee!" She rams her fists even more into herself, fiddling with herself right in front if me! The jumping then stops again and a spasm makes her poke her butt out, looking like she had been hit by an invisible hammer.

She recovers but it then does it again this time she spurts making the spot grow triple the size. Knowing that she lost she gives one last sad look at me and starts pulling off her swimsuit. With her hands gone she starts spurting in a erratic fashion but she continues to pull it off, trying not to ruin the whole thing before she lost control. Being to big for her once she pulled it past her breasts, which did a satisfying bounce as they left the swimsuit's firm grip, fell down to her hips.

This is where she lost control completely. She had started crying and put her pee covered hand to her face. Her body spasmed as it did before and it just flooded out of her. Creating a bulge of pee between the space of her vag and the swimsuit. It then went on to flow down her long legs in three streams in each leg before going between the her toes of her bare feet. Since Her legs were pressed so tightly together a torrent couldn't form between her legs but instead just bounced off her when it hit the bottom of her thigh gap, spraying pee everywhere. Her body was still spasming, causing her tits to jump around, and this rocking slowly pulled her swimsuit down till it finally just fell off, completely exposing her. This caused her to fall over and since she was standing on her tip toes the swimsuit didn't come with her.

She then just sat there bum flat on the dirt on knee resting on the ground and the other with a foot on the ground pointing her knee upwards. The pee still flowing out of her slowly turned to a trickle then just a drip. She fell on her side with her pony tail floating in the puddle. Face red, body lay out showing off her erect nipples and excited vagina. Her tanned skin gleamed as sun reflected off the pee covering it. It was like one of those greek statues only if those had a look of pure embarrassment on their faces. I looked down only to discover her bag of spare clothes floating in the mix, strawberry pink panties drenched rolling down the hill just like streams of pee from the puddle were doing.

Shaking off my shock from all this i lifted her by her armpits and sat her down in the grass next to the puddle. I then got the napkins we were going to as plates and wiped the still shocked Ellie until she was dry, i used the last napkin to wipe the tears from her eyes and told it was fine "its only me" i said "nothing to be embarrassed about". She then said between sobs "everything i have to wear is drenched in pee", i then did the most manly thing i have done in my life. I took off my UV shirts and trucks, which covered a huge boner and by taking them only revealed it more, and offered it to her which both made her laugh and stop crying. I put her dirty clothes in my bag and we took a more secluded route to a less inhabited area of the lake, where we washed her swimsuit and i got my clothes back!

*002*2014-06-20 15:27

{{ 

Why 7th attempt? Does it turn you on that much every time you start that you cannot continue? I know that this may happen... lol

}}

Naw i just ruined it every time i wrote it, i got the finished one out now so i'm happy but tired. I accidentally pressed the publish button half way through so sorry about the half story. :(

*004*2014-06-21 04:27

{{ 

Great story Clodfish. Thanks.

It did make me wonder though. I never understand why "normal" people have such a problem with peeing through their swimsuits. I get the issue they have with peeing through their pants, panties etc, but what's wrong with peeing through a swimsuit? It's meant to get wet, so it would appear to me that peeing through it would in many cases be a completely reasonable alternative. Certainly in this case, had "Ellie" just deliberately peed through her swimsuit, she could have just had a wet crotch rather than the soggy mess she ended up in from trying to stop it.

I guess I just don't get how certain logical things become completely unacceptable because of social conditioning, even if the potential outcome is much worse than just following logic...

I don't think I'll ever grok the human race....

}}

Hmm true, i think the main reason was the heat of the moment. She wamin complete panic, i doubt she even knew she was in swimming gear!

*008*2014-07-03 10:42

{{ 

My first time was in a swimsuit, too... It felt amazing. For that reason, I now move stories of swimsuit wettings, especially onepieces! Great job!

}}

Being a girl and wetting must be so much more great... :) lucky sod

{{ 

Very nice story. I agree with the other posters though I don't see why people don't just pee in their swimsuits. I always do :)

}}

It was the.. Heat ooff the moment!.. How does that song go again?

