Telling my girlfriend about my fetish

Author: MR_ABDL001

*000*2013-06-21 12:05

Hi all I have read a few posts about people telling their significant others about their interest in omorashi. I would like to share my experience telling my girlfriend at the time.

I have been into wetting and messing since I was a kid and when puberty hit it became more of a fetish. I was 18 at the time and had been seeing this girl for a few years. Things started to get more serious and we talked about moving in together after we finished high school. My problem I now faced was trying to hide my fetish or stop it all together. Since wetting had become second nature to me I knew I would not last giving up something that made me so comfortable doing. I knew it would be to hard to hide it from her living together as I often wet and messed a few times a day. So I made the decision if I am serious about this girl I should at least be honest with her. It took me 3 weeks to finally tell her I kept trying then backing out every day, it was gut wrenching. Finally I took her for a drive and said we need to talk.

She was worried at first not knowing what I needed to talk about. I broke the ice by saying look if we are going to be living together I need you to know something. I then told her I have a bizarre fetish I like to practice and look at on the net. She went red in the face I could tell it was as awkward for her as it was me. I then said I like wetting and messing I like to do it and watch it. She was quiet for a bit then told me she was okay with it as long as I washed my own clothes its none of her business. I was so relieved she didn't find me a creep or something like that.

One time I told her I was going to wet myself in the bathroom and asked her to give me a few minutes. To my surprise she asked in a shy voice if she could watch I was bursting so I didn't debate the issue. For the first time someone was watching me pee my pants it was the most amazing feeling ever. She later told me that she used to wet herself on purpose until she was 12. she only stopped because her mum caught her but still deep down wanted to do it.

Long story short we share the same fetish and that brought our bond so close I married her two years later.

I told my wife because this is more than a fetish for me it is my passion and I find nothing wrong with it.

Until that day I had told no one about my fetish. I now have told most of my friends and people close to me when the topic gets brought up I will no longer lie, this is who I am and I am proud to say it.

On a side note still trying to get my wife to let me up load videos of her wetting fingers crossed one day I can contribute them.

*002*2013-06-21 12:56

Your welcome I am truly happy my post can help

