On the Way home

Author: kgirl17

*000*2015-11-28 05:43

In the back of the van with my 4 other cousins that I hardly knew. We all were traveling to ones house after spending a nice day at an amusement park. Thank goodness I end up alone in the very back because, boy, I had to pee. Very badly.

The urge had been there since right after we had left. Almost an hour ago, and there was still another 2 hours in the drive.

Being the pee shy person I am, and wanting to be a little daring with my desperation, I didn't say anything. Although now I think I should have because the one driving took us on the back roads to get home.

I couldn't say anything now because I knew just as well as everyone that the closet store was at least over an hour and a half away.

Shit. I might not make it as it is. As it was crossing my legs only gave a small amount of relief. Squirming, feet tapping, everything.

Squeezing was getting less and less effective. I would have to hold by hand soon, and at that point I wouldn't have but about 30 minutes left in me.

I gulped, and took more shallow breaths. We hit a bump in the road and literally felt the pee get closer to release. Ahh... Grr. I silently grunted pressing my lower parts into the edge of the seat. It help a bit, but the seatbelt was cutting into my bladder.

Putting my heel under me, I tried to focus on other things.

I caught bits and pieces of conversations. When I wasn't feeling like pee might leak out I made occasional comments.

At one point in time one person said something particularly hilarious, which caused us all to laugh hysterically

I didn't even think about the consequences. A switch flipped. One second I didn't have a care in the world and the next the dam broke.

With fast reflexes I managed to get my legs crossed, but the damage was done.

The pee had spurted out. One large gush. I stemmed the flow for now, but my bladder had tasted relief and begged for more.

The pee was no longer nicely stored in my bladder. Second by second it inched further down the urethra. It was only a matter of time.

Part 2 coming soon, let me know what you think

*006*2015-12-26 04:47

This is part 2.

I was young... Probably about 14 or 15.

A few more minutes inches by, I sighed, and gave in.

My hand now rested comfortably under my jacket on the crotch of my jeans.

The relief was sweet, but with still a hour and a half left it wouldn't last.

My bladder have a few painful contractions soon after, and I grunted quietly in pain. This was stretching my limit.

I shoved hard but the denim was getting in my way. Looking at my phone for the time I saw I had about 55 minutes left. Maybe I could make that.

I looked out the window anxious to ask to pull over but terrified I would have an accident.

The road had began to get bumpy which was making my predicament more extreme.

One particular bump more came out. At first I think it was just a small leak, a few drops.

The pressure was immense, to much, I had to go. A cup, bottle, towel, anything. No, no they could not find out that I need to go.

I was not only nervous and stressed but also in desperate need of the restroom.

The pain in my lower region was now coming in waves, taunting and torturing me.

My muscles grew more tired refusing to work harder.

"You okay back there?" One called, "and can you fix my phone, I can't figure out how to get it off of this?"

"Yeah, I'm okay. I can," She reached back and handed me the phone.

I could have done this one handed but, but realizing what I would need to fix it, I let my crotch go.

Oh... No. Pee gushed out and for 4 or 5 seconds it had no intentions of stopping.

Finally I stemmed the flow, but now there was a small leak, like a leaky facet. More pee inched out.

I fixed the phone in a few seconds, but by now my crotch was wet and even with the hands stopping was difficult.

I breathed a small short deep breath. I inched my hand down my already unbuttoned jeans and through my underwear.

It was wet, but being closer to the source would help control it more. Just no one could find out.

I managed for a few more minutes, now only a little over 30 minutes left.

"Oh no!" Amanda exclaimed. "I just dropped my water bottle."

"I can't reached it" Miranda, the one in the seat above me said," It's too far back. Do you think you can get it Katie?"

She questioned me. Oh... Oh.. Uhh. I was only holding on by a thread, I could feel everything quivering. Each second the pressure got more immense, like with every wave one more brick was sitting on my bladder.

The amount of pee stored in my bladder had a great force behind it. Pushing the sloshing liquid further down my urethra, until...

"Hello?"

"Umm... I'm not sure if I can reach it. Can you just use someone else's." I replied, my voice breaking.

"You could try getting out of your seatbelt? I feel parched and no one else is drinking water."

Gosh, I really didn't like Amanda.

I huffed as much as my bladder would allowed. With crossed legs I stood reached to get bottle.

Not only was gravity now pulling the gallons of pee down, but I was bending putting more unbearable pressure on my bladder.

I picked up the bottle and shoved it in Miranda's hand. Trying not to look at it. The liquidity of it, or the space. The space I could empty my bladder it.

Bells went off in my brain as I finally registered. A new stream. I vented down more. Further cramming my bulge, but keeping the urine from streaming down my leg.

I quickly shoved myself back into the seat. And pretzeled myself further.

At this point leaks came out at almost a pattern. It was no use I was a lost cause, and there was still 30 minutes left until home.

Oh.. No.. More was coming. I thrashed desperate to keep anything I could in.

Three... Two.. One... It was now or never, "is there anyway we can stop at a convenient store, I would like to go to the restroom?" I murmured.

"There's only about 25 minutes left until home, can you wait."

Amanda broke in, "I need to go pretty bad too, but I can wait."

I replied quickly, "umm.. I guess I can try."

"Well I'll drive a bit faster, don't pee in my van. It's just There aren't any places to stop on the road I turned on a few minutes ago."

I sighed. To her faster would be about 2 miles more. And she already drove under the speed limit as it was.

I felt another rush. Placing my finger directly in the source I plunged the leak. But I could feel the pee vibrating inside.

"Could you be easy on those bumps? The jolt me." Amanda said from up front.

And the thought of having another person with a need turned me on some, creating another obstacle.

I'll leave the rest to your imagination, but...

(I made it home, just not too the bathroom...)

*010*2016-01-17 08:55

Part 3 (The end):

Please leave your thoughts.

It was requested I finish the story, so here it is:

With my finger there keeping everything back I could still feel the liquid trying to force its way out and around my fingers. The millions of drops that combined would soon but forcing their way out of my bladder into a nice jet like stream

Whether that would be in a nice porcelain toilet, a cup, a bush, or this back seat I had no idea. I held, and held, for what felt like lifetimes, and my poor bladder was stretched to the limit. It was at its capacity. It would not hold anything else. Looking down and seeing only 4 minutes had passed was like toture on my quivering bladder.

I kept chanting the end is near in my head. I was trying to reffer to getting home, to a bathroom. But at this point the end is just whenever my dam bursts. I heard Amanda up there complaining her 'poor' bladder, little did she know my predicament.

I battle off another surge, "How long do we have left?" I spoke up reminding them I needed a bathroom without being to direct.

"Uh.." She said from the drivers seat, "About 20 minutes. How are you?"

"I reallllly realllllllly need to use the restroom."

"Is it bad, mines pretty bad?" Amanda asked.

"Yea, I feel like I might loose it any second," I replied quickly trying to get my mind of the image of someone else needing to go.

"Well please not in my car," The driver said, who I might should mention is named Kelcy.

"Would pulling over be an option?" I asked trying to talk and focus on the hold.

"Not really, too many houses. Unless you want people to see you pee. Besides the roads small, and most have those fancy motion sensor lights."

I hated Kelcy too.

"Well I'm barely holding on," I said not even try to be shy anymore. I could pop any second.

"Me too," Amanda chimed in, "Its pretty bad for me too. From both ends.... if you know what I mean?"

"Eww Mirandia said we dont need to know all about both of your businesses Amanda."

The conversation countinued but I had muted it out, 16 minutes left.

Bump, bump, pee. The first pee in the last 10 minutes. Even my finger was no longer a solution. The warm yellow liquid just glided over my well made seal.

I breathed strategically.

"Only 15 minutes left" I vaugely heard Kelcy mention.

"Don't remind me, please. I feel like I might leak?" Amanda.

"Out of which end," Someone joked.

My hand, my hand was slowly getting wet. I was literally peeing on my hand, ewww.

I tried I did. I even pushed a little harder, but it just made more come out.

I crossed my legs tightly before getting my hand out. Going back to the hold through my jeans, which had went from a lighter denim to medium and were about to come around to dark blue.

I slowly regain some control in a series of tiny dribbles.

"Oh, shoot," Amanda said at the next bump, "I need to pee so bad." I took that as I just had my first leak though.

The damage to me was done I had another leak, but more major. I kept it all about my butt though. The last thing I wanted was Kelcy mad at me for messing her vehicle up.

"15 mintues, " I was informed.

"I... I don't think I have that long," Amanda whispered.

"Are you doing to pee your pants like a toddler?"

"No I just, I just..."

"Have you already?" Miranda asked.

"Just a little, gosh, shut up. When you gotta go, you gotta go." She said.

Little did they know I seriously was slowly wetting mine, much more than amanda.

I needed something to pee in now, like right now. I need to peeeeee.... ahhhh...

I grunted, and gritted and the next one that was so much bigger came. I shoved my jacket under me in case... the tradegic happened. Thankfully it did, but the spot reached further on my pants.

"Katie?" Someone called.

"Hmmm??" was all I could formulate.

"You alright?"

"No, not really. I am seriously like two seconds away from completely wetting," which wasn't a lie.

There was no more second by second my control slipped. there was hold on for dear life because the ride is currently crashing.

"two second as in like ten minutes?" Kelcy replied.

"I really don't know if your car is going to stay dry," I said honestly.

"No, you can't pee in my car, no. Just hold on." She sped up, like maybe 1 mile per hour.

I had to go, I felt more dirbbles turn into spurts, "I seriously don't know. I can literally feel it coming. Like oh no.. I'm," I trailed off. Pee trying desperate to escape somehow I managed.

"Don't you can hold it. You can do it, just don't. Not in this van, my new van," Kelcy threatened.

"Do you have a bottle?" The weight of the world was pressing down on my bladder. The pee more confined then ever, and the liquid all gathering just at the tip of my urethera, put so much pressure there that I would not be able to hold back any more.

"Can you get your pee in a bottle?" Miranda asked.

I deflated, "Probably not."

"Just a little less than ten minutes, you can do it," Kelcy said.

Amanda who had been quite spoke up, "I call the bathroom first. I lost a little bit."

Oh no, that was not happening.

As I went to squirm something in my muscles spiked and they refused to squuze anymore. Pee gushed out, more than once. Even getting on my jacket. This would those times where the kegal exercises of stopping pee midstream would come in handy. But as a teenager back then I was good at it. I regain some control.

"I uh..." I started to speak.

"You did not pee on ride did you?"

"Uh... I ... I don't think so, but I did, I did pee some. I couldn't wait I had to. It wouldn't stop."

"As long as its not on the leather seats or the nice new rugs," Kelcy said. I very obsurely and slightly flipped her off.

Then we were there. Amanda made a dash for the bathroom. Everyone else got out and was going into the house.

I froze. I had to make it out of the door and if I stood up I might not. If I went to get out I most likely wouldn't make it.

"You coming?" Kelcy asked, "to the bathroom?"

"If i stand Im going to pee your pretty rugs."

"No," She said sternly, "Your not."

"Uh-uh, I am, so can you please get me something. A cup, a bucket, a something..." I begged.

"I don't have anything here, and I don't want you peeing in my cups, now stop acting like a baby. Suck it up and get out. Youve already peed some it should be easier to hold on."

"Ill be in, in a minute. You go." And with that she went.

She was parked not in the garage but in front of it, in the driveaway. Right by the streat, by peoples houses surrounding us.

I held in the area to catch excess pee, and believe me as I got out there were many leaks.

I ran to the part between the garage and the hood of the car because I knew I couldn't get to the house. I stood with my legs apart and let ago. Having a splattering noise for over 30 seconds.

This was the most embarassed and wet I have ever been. I'm glad I was just a teenager when it happened. Looking back it was probably my best wetting experience too.

{{ 

Finish the story lol sooo intriguing

}}

I did!

{{ 

Aww you should finish this! it was getting really good

}}

I finished the story!

