After Brief Desperation

Author: silent

*000*2015-06-01 21:05

Today i went to a briefing for VA benefits (getting out of the army). I am 23 years old and a male. I got dressed up nice and went to the brief in nice pin stripped black slacks and a purple button-up shirt. Looking classy as hell if i don't say so myself. The brief was pretty boring for the most part. Slide shows and short stupid army clips as normal. After lunch I had texted my fiance saying that i was going to be heading home soon, because she is the one with the room key. Normally she gets home before i do but the people giving the brief today decided to rush through it all.

That's when i started to feel the urge to pee. I figured i would wait till i got home to pee due to the fact that i hate public bathrooms and these ones are pretty gross. I began to walk home while i texted my fiance asking if she will be done soon since i had to pee. I figured the urge was not that bad so i didn't make too much of a fuss about it. When she laughed and told me no not for a little bit, i began to get worried. I got home and saw some people standing outside but i didn't know then so i just waited for my fiance to finally arrive.

While i waited, i wasted time and tried to take my mind off of it by chatting with random people on an app on my phone. Some dude that claimed he was a serial killer. It entertained me but didn't stop the urge. I then sat down with my back pack in front of me squeezing trying to hold it in. Could not help but think... "This is why i want a package of my own adult diapers or pull-ups, for fun like this." Sadly there were too many people around for it to be much fun with out protection.

I held as long as i could. Little dribble here and there but nothing noticeable nothing much. I had asked her again where she was so that i knew how much time i would have to hold it for. She told me that she was at the gym which is still almost a good 5 minute walk. That's when i knew, There was no way i was going to make it. I still tried to hold on and i must admit at this point all it did was turn me on rather than disappoint me. I head the door on the bottom floor of the stairwell open and i knew it had to be her. Getting excited that she was here and i had done well, i peed just a little. I squeezed tighter but it was too late. I had peed a little too much and just could not stop it any more. Pee ran through my pants making it all warm. No underwear to even try to prevent it from being noticeable. At this point i just gave up. There was nothing more that i could do. As she walked up, i had just finished. Im here now with her writing this about to get cleaned up.

Hope you all enjoy the story. Its 100% true.

