In summer residence

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2011-12-18 08:57

This story takes place in my familys summer residence where me and some of my friends go to spend a warm summer day.

Because the day was quite warm we had to drink good amount of liquid to avoid dehydration, we have really fun and we were joking a lot and doing random stupid things..

There was also one girl who is one of my best friends and while the time passed i was noticing that she might need to pee, i did that because she was gigling and every time when she gigled she crossed her legs real tight.

She was then 17 years old and wearing white t-shirt which was quite tight and showed her lines quite well. She was also wearing blue cotton shorts.

About half an hour later she was holding herself noticible, crossing legs, squirming a lot and eventually crab herself in crotch couple of times. I was into omorashi since back then and it was real thrill to watch her holding herself. while i was so amazed her needing to pee i wasnt aware that i need to go almost badly as her.

Few minutes later she ask me to keep guard when she go pee in out toilet. (it hasnt any lock in the door and she wanted me to keep others out while she was peeing). so we started to walk the trail to the toilet and she was crabbing herself all the time and i was actually ready to burst myself too but keeping it hidden for her noticing it. I was wearing blue t-shirt and just shorts style swimming trunks.

When we arrived the toilet she suddenly stopped quickly and hold her legs closed really tight for a while, what now i asked.

I just couldnt hold it and just leaked little, altough there wasnt anything visible. She rushed to toilet and i keep guard to the door and i needed to pee real bad too.

Few seconds after i heard her sigh of relief and slowly growing sound when her peeing.

That was too much to me bare and i just felt little spurt goming out in my swimming trunks then hold all i could and managed to stop leaking. but while her still pee another spurt escaped, then again and again. I done everything stop it but only managed to keep it slowly leaking out. I finally managed to stop it but damage was already done and my swimming trunks were almost soaked, i felt myself collapsing from embarresement and i did know that she will see my wet pants.

She came out from the toilet and her eyes where nailed to my crotch and her mouth was little open for amazement, " oh..sorry i didnt know you had to pee so bad too..im sorry for real..", she said to me.

I was telling that her peeing sound was too much to me, she suddenly hug me and said. "dont worry i wont tell this to anybody, now go to swim so others cant see your accident."

I did what she told and the day was real good for the end and i wasnt feeling embarressed anymore, after that accident we speaked few times about accidents and she confessed me that she has also wet herself completely couple of times too.

Untill this day she hasnt told my accident to anyone and i think she will never do, Later i find that little accident really arousing but back then i couldnt find it any turn on.

*002*2011-12-19 07:26

{{ 

Imagine how different it would have been if you were noticeably aroused as well as wet.

}}

Yes that would have change the situation definately..

