With my friend in a restaurant

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-16 10:58

By the time she is my ex, but we had nice exPEEriences...

Once we met direct after work and went downtown. Sheena had not used any toilet since at least lunch, but – as she ever says: "I am an adult and healthy woman and even can hold it a little longer!" – she had a "few" coffee in the afternoon and must have had a good pressure on her bladder for some hours as every evening after work.

After shopping an a sunbath on a bench we decided to go to a restaurant to eat and drink something.

When we arrived, Sheena told me she would like to wash her hands before our meal. I liked to trickle her and told her: "Hey, I think you are an adult and healthy woman – stay here and let's talk!" – She to my fun agreed and did not talk about washing her hands, etc. any more.

We had a nice meal and a few (more) drinks. I was at the loo twice, but not Sheena. She seemed to have forgotten about her bladder totally today. It was a nice evening and we had a lot to talk and laugh!

Then after a new drink, she moved her legs and stood up. She sat at the window place of a bench in the restaurant and now I should have stood up too to let her out. But I did not react. So she asked me to let her out.

"Where do you want to go? Sit down and let's have another drink!", I told her. But Sheena started to get really nervous now and told me, that she would better use the toilet now.

I again told her: "I think you are an adult and healthy woman – stay here and let's talk!" – So she to my pleasure again sat down, but after 1 or 2 minutes Sheena again stood up and told me, that it was urgent now and she could not wait any more.

I took my army around her and told her, that I would not let her go. Sheena told me, that this would not be fun anymore, but after standing beside me for another full minute, she sat down again. But just a few seconds later she tried it again...

Sheena had a strong bladder and she must have been in r e a l trouble to stand up this often!

I looked at my watch and found out, that her first try to "wash her hands" after arriving was a little more than 3 hours ago – and even then she seemed to have a really full bladder...! Outside home she never used a toilet before her bladder really hurt! In this stage she could not have forgotten her bladder, but must have held it for me all the time – without any visible sign of pain...

Now I saw the painful wided eyes in her still laughing face – but this time I wanted to see, how far Sheena could drive her strong bladder, if really necessary. She never would wet herself deliberately – and she definitely was not able to leave her place now... So again I refused her the way. I pulled her towards myself and held her. She earnestly said: "Peter, the people are looking towards us!" – but that was no argument for me: "Nobody knows us here and we are both laughing – so what?" Then I pulled my Sheena onto my knee and waited. She took a breath and was very silent yet. I could feel her 'lips' (labia) in her jeans tighten as she tried to pull up her pee. A nice feeling! This is a Kegel exercise I thought by myself. Then, not 10 seconds later Sheena again had to pull her pee up with full force now! Her face did not show anything of her inner fight. How often did she pull up her pee before this evening...?

After a few minutes she stood up again and just said: "Please, quick!!!". It sounded really alarming to me! – And so I let her go. She had to find the toilet 2 steep stairs up and the first time lost a few drops. But nothing was seen or felt from outside.

When we left another 3 quarters of an hour later, Sheena had not used the toilet again, but a quarter of an hour later, standing at the underground station for a few minutes, she crossed her legs. When she saw me looking at her crossed legs, she smiled and uncrossed it – until we were home. But that was another hour later...

Sheena fought her pee back all afternoon and evening, held her urgent and painful need to pee back for 3 hours while I went twice to relieve my bladder while drinking. Sheena just used the toilet this one time and after peeing once she refused herself to empty her quickly filling bladder again for the next hour plus that half an hour by train. What a woman...!

Sheena was a beautiful slim and tiny woman, (5 foot = 1.52m / 110lbs = 50kg) and she liked to wear 5" (12cm) high slim stiletto heels every day and all day long (unfortunately except at home). Some time ago our lives went different ways. But she was not the first love with a strong bladder – and will not be my last one.

*001*2021-09-16 11:31

Another story – the same sexy woman...

Sorry, this story really happened in 2009 and is more about her high heels – but near the end has a nice surprise...! – so I re-post it on this board

A Long Walk On Really High Heels Over Cobblestone Pavement In the Harbour

###

I live in a city with a population of 1.7 million. And in our big harbour is an old Russian submarine as a kinda museum. And I know a sexy Russian woman for some time and so I invited her to visit that ship.

She has a fascinating sporty slim build figure, sexy boobs nearly ideal size, a slim waist and sexy hips. Her hair blond hair was bound to a ponytail. And you shall know, that she can smile fascinatingly and make all males crazy

She is just 5'2" (1.58 m) small, really sexy and likes to wear sexy clothes too. That day she arrived in a sexy summer skirt with an also sexy top. Ans she had mules with really slim 5" (12.5 cm) high stiletto heels. If you take into account, that she just wears US female shoe size 4.5 (size 35 in Europe), so her feet stood nearly vertical in these shoes. And she could walk properly on it. The Russian girls seemed to have absorb this artistic art with breast milk...

She asked me for a cab to drive towards the submarine, but we got none. I phoned again and again, but no cab arrived – and it got later and later...

At the end we walked about 3 miles over the old harbour cobblestone pavement. This means my friend had to fight her long long way on her so high heels: 5" (12.5 cm) at size 4.5 is like 6" (15 cm) at US size 7.5 (size 38 in Europe). And her mules gave her feet definitely no stabilization... She is used to walk on high heels everyday, but I never before saw her in such extremely high heels. She knew I love her high heels and obviously she wanted to do me an additional favour today.

After about 200 .. 300 meters cobblestone pavement she nearly cried and asked me to sit down. We found a place and I tried to give her some comfort and caressed her. Then she decided she could walk again, to reach the submarine in time. And she was extremely brave, as she walked on and on – over the terrible cobblestone pavement, what is made for trucks and not for walking – specially not on her extremely high stiletto heels and even open mules, which don't support the feet anyway... It must have been torture for her, and I offered her to take her onto my shoulders – nobody knows us in the harbour and why don't carry that sexy woman on my shoulders...

But she refused and told me she would be brave and walk the complete distance. We needed over 1:45 hours, but she anyhow moved as if she ever walked over rough cobblestones for all her life. Her ankles did not get bend just once and her legs did not even wobbled. She marched as if she had safe shoes or sneakers, but her face showed me her struggle, secret pain and exhaustion...

When we reached the berth quay, just the souvenir shop was open and the last tour had been over – the submarine visits were finished. I asked the guide, but he told me the next tour would be next day. Then I pointed towards my sexy Russian friend in her sexy skirt and high heels – and his eyes widened and he starry-eyed promptly agreed a special tour just for both of us!

My friend could read the Cyrillic tables and translate from Russian to our language. I had a lot to do to help my friend to climb up or down all the ladders in that submarine safely (I held my hand under her butt and pushed her up carefully, what she liked).

Later, after the tour, we drank some coffee and then even got a cab back. You will understand how relieved my friend was, that she had not to endure the torture of walking on the cobblestone pavement over such a distance again. We got to a nice restaurant and had a nice meal with some drinks.

When we arrived, my friend told me, that she needed to pee really bad for hours now. And I told her, where the bathroom was. No matter what torture this brave girl had to stand, she enjoyed the day with me. She was walking over cobblestone pavement for 3 miles with her insecure open mules with these extremely thin and very high heels (for her shoe size like extreme 6" heel for a normal female shoe size) – and she additional was holding a bursting bladder for hours in the fresh and windy harbour air under just her summer skirt.

I had visited a bathroom before I left my work and once again near the souvenir shop after meal and drinks. She had not used the bathroom all day after leaving her home for work... And she had to climb up and down ladders and to squeeze through the tight submarine door holes in the bulkheads, which are nearly a meter above the ground and you have to grip a handle on top and then jump through. She carefully climbed through these holes more like a ballet dancer, what must have given additional pressure onto her bladder every time. And all this with a really painful bursting bladder as she told me now – but as I told you: she enjoyed the day with me – even under these extreme conditions...

What a woman...!!!

By the way: I met this woman in a very surprising and romantic way at work, when she was there for another company.

We got friends privately for about 3 years.

