My First Public Wetting

Author: rufioh_nitram

*000*2013-09-23 04:12

Hello again, everyone. Today I'll share a story about the first time I wet myself in public. This took place fairly recently while on a camping trip.

A few members of my family and I went camping a few months back. We had a cozy camper, but the only toilet inside didn't work! If any of us had to use the bathrooms, there were public ones about a quarter mile away from we were parked. There's another wetting story there, but that's for next time.

Anyway, while many of my family members went out for bike week, I didn't have a seat to go with anyone, seeing as most of them were in pairs and I didn't really fit. While they would go out, I would hang out at the beach or in the camper to watch anime. At the time, one of my friends texted me to tell me that Iron Man had come out that day. Being the Marvel geek I was, I begged to ride over to the local movie theater to go see the movie. I got a yes and headed down there later that day. It was a fairly warm day for May and I wore a knee-length summer dress and black lace panties.

I arrived a bit early for the movie and wandered around the shops in the area. While I walked around aimlessly, a small urge to pee hit me. I realized I hadn't been all morning and it was mid-afternoon by now. I thought nothing of it at the time and continued walking around. The more I walked, my bladder would spasm every now and then, not enough to leave me desperate but enough to make me take notice of my urge. I thought about heading to the bathroom, but checked my watch first. I only had a few minutes to get popcorn and get a seat in the theater.

I ignored my urge and went back to the theater, trying to purchase my ticket as quickly as possible. I arrived and sat down just as the previews were ending. Surprisingly enough, there were a decent amount of seats left in the back row. I sat down and immediately the urge to pee hit me again. The movie had just started, and I wasn't going to get up now. I glanced back and forth between the people around me. It was dark enough that they couldn't see if I was holding, so I shoved a hand under my dress to hold.

I forgot about my urge for the majority of the movie, until my large drink was nothing but ice. As if my bladder had suddenly realized how much liquid I just consumed, my bladder contracted and a small spurt flowed into my panties. I gasped softly, glancing around to make sure no one had seen. The movie was almost over at this point, so I decided I can hold on for twenty more minutes until the credits had finished. By now I was squirming as subtly as possible and my breathing became somewhat labored as I kept my focus on holding myself.

The credits soon began to roll, and I was somewhat shocked by how many people got up and left- there's always a little scene after the credits in Marvel movies. Watching people walk out and hearing some complain of their urge to pee made my bladder contract once more and I felt another small spurt release into my panties. I shoved both of my hands between my legs, holding myself hard. I looked around the theater, and only a few people were left. One couple was 7 or 8 rows ahead of me and the other was a small family in the very front row. Realizing this, a very naughty thought crossed my mind. I could pee right here and no one would notice.

I lifted my skirt from underneath my butt, holding it on my thighs so it wouldn't get wet. I rubbed the front of my panties gently, already damp with the spurts from my bladder. I spread my legs and released the flow. I sighed with relief as the seat under me and my panties grew soaked. I could just barely hear the hiss of my bladder and the splatter it made as it hit the floor over the loud credits. I was panting with ecstasy, the thought that anyone could come up and watch me piss myself was so arousing. My piss stopped after about a minute of heavy flowing and I shoved a hand in my panties, unable to hold back anymore. I rubbed my clit furiously until I came. I sat in a huge puddle of my piss, shaking my hips as I had one of the best orgasms I've ever had. As I recovered from my orgasm, I slid my panties off and put them inside my empty drink cup. I tossed them in the trash as I exited the movie theater, and the rest is history.

Hope you guys enjoyed it! Leave me a comment if you liked it or how I can improve next time.

Love you guys! <3

~Sei

*002*2013-09-23 13:04

{{:

That was hot ;3

}}

Thank you~

*004*2013-09-23 15:33

{{:

You asked how you could improve for next time and I am not sure you can! Excellent write up and very naughty. Loved it!

}}

Aw, thank you dear. Appreciate it~

*012*2013-09-24 00:16

{{:

Nice story! Thank you for posting it. I would love to read the other story from the camping

}}

I'll be posting that one soon! I've got to write it up and we'll be golden ;)

*016*2013-09-24 17:59

{{:

Great! I'm really looking forward to reading another hot story from you

}}

I'm writing it up as we speak, so keep an eye out for it. :3

