Wet Myself Under a Tree (Deliberate)

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-08-09 00:38

I thought I'd share an account of when I wet myself outside about a year and a half ago.

This story is pretty brief and boring, so I don't know if it's worth posting, but some of you might enjoy it.

I've actually wet my pants outside quite a few times, but only 2-3 of them have been real accidents, and even those were planned accidents. Real accidents are just so hard to make happen, so most of the times I've wet myself it's been on purpose. I've never had an unplanned accident, or even really had a close call that wasn't planned in advance, save for maybe once when I was around 10.

I've always been kind of envious of girls since skirts give them the ability to wet themselves in public and then continue about their business without being noticed.

I wanted to see what it would be like to walk around in public with wet underwear, but dry pants (similar to how a girl could wet her panties but keep her skirt dry).

So on one occassion I waited until night (I've never wet outside during the day), and put on a pair of tight briefs and a pair of elastic sweatpants (so they would be easier to pull down and back up).

I was living in a rented condo at the time, so there was a large common area with a clubhouse, pool, playground, park, etc. in the middle of the neighborhood. I went out there, and of course it was deserted because it was like 10 at night. Sometimes you could see people on their balconies overlooking the park, but I don't remember there being any that night.

My plan was to find a place to drop my pants just past my butt, squat down, and wet my underwear, (hopefully) keeping my pants dry, then pull them back up and continue on. I was pretty nervous about doing it though, because even though I had wet myself outside at night a number of times before that, having to squat down and remain still until I finished put me in a bit more vulnerable position.

I actually walked back and forth multiple times debating over whether I should do it or not. Finally I worked up the courage and walked about 10 feet away from the walkway through the park over to a big pine tree (the kind where the branches come all the way to the ground) that created a kind of natural secluded area. I was completely hidden from one side, but completely exposed from the other.

I crouched down and pulled my pants down just far enough to expose my butt, and I started peeing through my underwear. Not 5 seconds into it, someone came walking down the path. I was too afraid to stop at this point. I thought standing back up would just draw more attention to me than sitting still would. The guy must have walked within 10 feet of me, and the sound of my pee hitting the ground seemed so loud to me, I don't know how he couldn't have heard it. Especially with it being so quiet at night. I feel like there's absolutely no way he couldn't have seen me, but he never looked in my direction, and just kept on walking. He probably did see me, but just ignored me. I suppose that's probably how most people would react in that situation. Just keep on walking and mind their own business.

That was the closest I've ever been to being "caught." Unfortunately, I wasn't really able to enjoy my wet underwear after that. I pretty much went straight back inside.

