My Accident as wife gives birth

Author: Jenny

*000*2011-11-09 09:53

This happened during to me whilst my wife was giving birth last year.

Unfortunately during the last hour of the birth Julie would not let me go anywhere. I was absolutely busting and told her so. She just kept a hold of my hand and told me I wasn’t going anywhere.

I told here again five minutes later as I was holding myself to prevent an accident. Again she told me that I was not going anywhere and I had to stick the birth out with her. I was sitting on a plastic chair beside her bed. The chair started filling up and overflowing onto the floor. I was having a full on accident that I could not stop.

To make matters worse I had on a pair of cream coloured shorts that had become see through when wet. I was wearing a pair of blue batman briefs that I had recently purchased from Wal-Mart and you could clearly see them through my shorts. I didn’t know what to do. Julie asked me what the splashing sound was. I told her I had peed in my pants. She thought I was joking until she had a good look at me. She had never seen me wet my pants before.

Just after the pee flow stopped cascading over the chair, the nurse came back into the room to check on Julie. She saw the puddle under the chair and then looked at me. I felt so embarrassed and must have been such a bright shade of red. This nurse had been on shift for about 6 hours and we had already become quite friendly with us. It was quite obvious what had happened to my pants. She took one look at my pants and said “Hey Andy. They are a great pair of batman underpants you have on. Where did you purchase them from, as I would like to get a few pairs for my husband”. I told her I got them at the local Wal-Mart. It was a good ice breaker for the situation.

The nurse grabbed a towel for me and asked if I needed a hand to clean up. Julie quickly spoke up and said the accident was her fault as she would not let me go to the toilet when I needed to go. As I stood up I had pee still dripping from my shorts onto the ground. Julie had a look and burst into laughter. She couldn’t believe what I had done and loved the sight of my underpants. I hated people being able to see my briefs like that, let alone my wet pants.

I dried my pants down the best I could and then mopped up my puddle on the chair and the floor with the towel. The nurse told me not to worry as these things happen. Happen they may, but they should not have happened to me like that. I felt like a little kid with people seeing my pants like that. I had a look through Julie’s bag t see what I could use to hide my misfortune. Luckily I found a sweater that I was able to wrap around my waist. That did the trick and hid most of the evidence.

The birth took place about half hour later and things worked out well. Just after the birth I had to go to the toilet again and she told me it was ok to leave her this time to go to the toilet. When I came back she asked me if I made it this time and laughed at me.

*003*2011-11-13 01:19

{{ 

So which one of you is into the fetish? lol. Bit I digress, I think any respectable man would have done the exact same thing in the situation, even if the bathroom is right across the hall. I bet you're proud to be a father though and to have witnessed the birth.

}}

Hi

It is me that is still in the fetish. My wife has had a number of accidents since the birth though.

Andy

