Girl peed herself in fear

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-10-19 16:35

I am proud. Very proud of what I accomplished today.

I was testing out my halloween costume. I am going as Jeff The Killer and my experience as a SFX artists came in useful. I thought I looked good but I needed a second opinion so I did what every other person would...I went to the supermarket in full costume. For those of you who don't know who or what Jeff The Killer is....lucky you. (Think The Joker except...horrifying) . The constume consisted of a SFX chelsea grin, white face paint, white contact lenses, my nose had to be made less noticebale, dyed black hair and my eyes had to be highlighted in black. I was wearing a white hoodie with the hood up.

As I stepped in, I could feel the stares I was getting. People were staring at the tall guy with his hood up. I imagine I looked pretty intimidating. I was thinking the secuirty guards would come over and tell me to take my hood down, a chance to cause some real good scares at the grand reveal, but sadly nothing. I headed to the medicine aisle and picked up some chapstick for a joke. I wanted to freak out at least one person and it was gonna be the cashier. I tried to avoid children. I didn't want to give them nightmares, that's crossing the line. Even for me.

I headed to the check out line and joined the line. The little shit in front of me (Swaggot) was chatting to his friends, bragging about something (Stupid swag things). I decided that these little messes would be my first victims. I got close enough so that if he took a step back, he'd bang striaght into me. Perfectly planned. One of his friends acted like he was about to punch him and he stepped back, slamming into me. He turned and looked up.

"Watch it kid." I said in my gruffiest voice, stretching a grin as far as I could and not blinking. I've never seen a kid look that scared. He actually moved behind his friends, I kept the stare up until it was their turn. They ran off after their purchases. It was hilarious. It was my turn and I stepped forward, placing the chapstick in front of the cashier and finally taking down my hood.

"Sore lips?" the cashier questioned, not even looking up.

"Yeah." I said. "My lips look awful"

"I don't think they -HOLY SHIT" She screamed when she looked up.

"Thanks...." I replied, acting offended.

She started laughing and I paid for my purchase.

"Damn near shit myself" she said as I left.

Now. When I got home, a paticualry evil idea formed in my head. My girlfriend is terrified of Jeff. I could really freak her out if I showed up. I called her up and invited her over. What I did next...may have been taking it a little too far. I grabbed Steve(my stunt dummy) who's the right height and shape to be myself and placed him in the kitchen which is where you end up when you come through the front door. I covered him in fake blood and jammed a knife into his stomach. I knocked over a few chairs and poured fake blood all over the places, making it look like a struggle had taken place. I left the front door slightly open and hid in the utilities room and waited.

About 5 mineuts later. She arrived. She slowly pushed open the door and walked in.

"Oh my god" I heard her say. I waited until she was near Steve before I stepped out behind her.

"GO TO SLEEP" I whispered in here ear.(Jeff's catchphrase). She screamed and jumped back. I stood up striaght and began making my way towards her. She backed up against the fridge and started kicking out. I saw that her jeans were getting wet, a puddle making it's way out from under her ass, pooling and mixing with the fake blood. At this point I decided it was enough and pulled off part of the chelsea grin.

"...You fucking bastard." She said. I started laughing as she stood up. I walked over and hugged her, grabbing her ass.

"Did you piss yourself?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"Yeah" she said, looking down at her pants. A patch mostly on the middle of her legs.

"So it was scary?" I asked, again knowing the answer.

"What the fuck do you think?" She shot back. She stepped away.

"You should probably shower." I said, "I think I may have to join you. This is actually burning my face"

I'm not gonna go into what happend but I will tell you this. She was wearing pink underwear and the patch took up a good 80% of her ass. She looked amazing.

Your humble narrator had a good day.

*003*2013-10-19 23:34

{{ 

Seriously, I can't make up my mind whether you're a genius or a madman..... No offense meant, of course.

}}

I'd go with madman.

*005*2013-10-20 16:40

{{ 

Mad genius, maybe ?

}}

Let's go with that.

*008*2013-10-21 10:39

{{ 

Damn you sound arrogant when you call people standing in line at the grocery store faggots. Especially when they're minding their own business and you're trying to scare the shit out of randoms.

}}

Could this be....a negative comment? It is! It is! It is a negative comment. It's actually the first one I've ever encountered on this site, so well done. Congrats.

I didn't call them faggots, I called them swaggots, a term for a little shit that thinks he has "swag". It's this new fad which will hopefully fade soon, where if you have "Swag", nothing else matters. I called them that because one of them was bragging about cheating on his girlfriend. So I had every right to insult the little turd.

*012*2013-10-23 20:34

{{ 

Great story, but are you implying The Joker isn't scary? I dressed as him in high school and everyone was terrified. Jeff is really creepy though.

}}

Some versions of him are scary but others...not so much.

