On my way home

Author: Melody

*000*2013-01-16 21:17

Height: 5'4" Weight: 130Lbs Hair: Sunkissed Red Eyes: Hazel

A few years ago when I was 18 I was doing a nanny job to save some money for school, the place I was staying was an acreage that was about 30 minutes walk to the nearest town and after the parents returned home I decided to head into town to pick up some snacks. It was a hot day so I was wearing my cute neon orange mini skirt, and a tank top, my panties were white with yellow polka dots. I made it into town and picked up everything then started to head out of town, when I was about half way down the road towards the house I realized that I really had to pee, for me at the time, it had already become natural to not realize how bad I had to go until I was desperate. 

I started to pick up my pace trying to return to the home before I let lose, holding it in the best I could, there was only a few trees around until I reached the houses yard so I knew if a car passed by I would get caught if I went then and there. Finally the house was coming into view, there was the small forest like area right before the house and once I passed that I would be home free, and that is when it happened, I stopped on the spot and started to rub my thighs together trying to stop the urge, I was at my limit and I could no longer hold it.

I ran into the trees as my panties started to clench up from the leaking, finally I was hidden, or so I thought, so I closed my eyes, pulled up my skirt and let the pee all out. I let out a moan of relief as I sat for a moment enjoying the feeling, once I opened my eyes I realized that the step father of the kid I was babysitting had been watching, he had come to cut up some wood for the bonfire we where having that night. I was so embarrassed and didn't know what to say to him, I had thought for sure he would tell his wife and I would lose my job, but instead he just laughed and told me that next time I should remember to take off my panties so that they don't get wet and apologized for not letting me know he was there.

That was the last summer I did nanny work for them and the first time someone caught me peeing in public.

*008*2013-01-20 02:49

Thanks everyone, in case you want a better idea of what the skirt looks like I have a screen shot from one of my videos I made a few months ago (I'm to shy to post the video but I figured I could share a picture)

