One towel is not enough...

Author: Flower

*000*2014-12-29 10:22

Last night was fun... To say the least so I thought I'd share. Enjoy!

I'd been feeling 'in the mood' most of the day yesterday. sterday and by the time the late afternoon came I started to feel the need to pee slight so I thought I'd go see what my boyfriend was up to. He was laying on the bed watching Stargate, an episode had just started so I lay down to join him. About half way through the episode I told him that I was horny and kinda needed to pee. I asked if he wanted to do anything about it =). He looked interested and said "yeah, in a bit..."

Half way through the episode I went and grabbed us each a drink. I got a 600 ml bottle of Pepsi max and decided to drink it all before the episode ended. An hour after I joined my babe I was feeling nice and full but not desperate and was absently rubbing my legs together on the bed. It felt really nice with a full bladder and some stimulation. When the first episode ended I said again "I still need to pee... Want to help me out?" again he replied "in a bit" I think he was enjoying watching me. I was probably about a 6/10 so not too bad yet.

I jumped up and went to change. I took off my clothes and underwear and put on just a short black lacy nightie with nothing underneath. I knew he'd like that. I grabbed a towel from the closet just in case and went back to join him on the bed.

Half way through the second episode of SG1 the Pepsi hit me.... Hard! I was really surprised as I have a bladder of steel. I fidgeted all through that episode and we began a third. I asked if he was ready yet and he teased me by saying he'd like to go get ice cream! We didn't though and I made no more comment about my growing desperation which was now at an 8/10 and kept watching TV. He knows how I feel about pee play=) I'm lucky the feeling is mutual.

At the end of the third episode I was struggling but really enjoying the feeling. I jumped out of bed and sat in his reclining office chair... Just in case. I couldn't keep still during the fourth episode. I was wriggling, crossing my legs and holding myself. I knew I was close to losing it but challenged myself to make it to the end of the episode. By the time it ended I could not put any pressure on my stomach at all. I was about to pee uncontrollably everywhere but hadn't leaked. My pussy was throbbing and dripping with my wetness. He was certainly enjoying g the show... And I don't mean Stargate!

I finally said "I'm so horny, I need you to touch me. I'm about to pee myself!" he didn't need nay more encouragement! I grabbed the towel and put it under me on the chair and rolled myself and the chair up to him beside the bed. I spread my legs and put my feet up on the bed and he put 2 fingers straight inside me and rested his thumb over my pee hole. He commented on how wet with juices I was and I relaxed and the only thing holding my pee in was his thumb. Finally he moved his thumb and out it came! He fingered in and out until I came while I peed all over his chair. Because of the way I was sitting I only went about a quarter of what was in my bladder. He asked me to join him on the bed but I said that there was more pee and we didn't want to get the bed wet.

He kept playing with my pussy and clit and eventually I peed more out. Slowly and more controlled this time. I held his hard member in my hand and he brought me to climax again. Finally I stopped peeing but I could feel my bladder was still fairly full. Finally I joined him on the bed so we could both finish off. The towel under my bottom was soaked and I stood in a huge puddle of pee on the floor.

Needless to say we didn't see much of the 5th episode of Stargate but it was a great time. After we finished I got another towel and finished mopping up the floor and chair. I went under the house to wash the towels before they stank and felt the last of my pee wanting to get out. I threw the towels into the washing machine and let the pee flow down my legs onto the concrete floor. It kept going and going so I grabbed the rolled up towels out of the machine and finished peeing on them. When I was done I turned on the machine (after wiping the pee splashes off the side) and threw a bucket of water over my puddle. Then I trotted back upstairs to join my wonderful man in the shower.

*003*2015-01-01 12:25

It was an incredibly sexy afternoon ;-) I'm lucky to have a partner who shares some of my interests. He loves watching me pee

*006*2015-04-11 23:50

The mattress of the bed in the bedroom is protected but this took place on the single spare bed in his computer room... I think it's time to get protection for that bed as well....

