Full time omorashi - Diary

Author: liberty

*000*2015-05-31 22:13

Hey all

This is the aformentioned diary/journal for anyone taking part in this challenge:

$/26169-full-time-omorashi-dare/

To join in and post on.

Others can join in with comments and criticism of course. :)

*001*2015-06-01 07:41

Started this now I have drunk 3 cups of tea and its 3 hours till my next pee... 11:41!

I should be able to to hold it by then you think?

*002*2015-06-01 17:02

Okay not done too bad today, got through most of the day with ease... But I'm was overconfident after two pee's today and I need another one, only

I still have an hour to wait. :/

Other than that I have done quite well, no college tomorrow so it doesnt look too bad... I might spend a lot of the day doing the 'pee-pee' dance though!

{{ 

Day 2.

Pee after waking up. It will be hard day for your bladder! The only rule you got for today is that you can pee only after a few drops of urine wet your underwear. Basically - you can go pee only just right before you start to wet yourself. And it doesn't matter if you plan road trip, meeting, lecture... You cannot pee earlier! If you want hardcore mode, drink soda or warm tea every time you can. }}

*003*2015-06-01 21:25

In trouble now... In bed and havent peed enough for me to be allowed to pee anymore today... I'm in for either a wet bed or a sleepless holding night. :(

*004*2015-06-01 22:09

Just cleaned up my bed and clothes, couldnt hold it any longer. :(

Couldnt sleep and spent the last hour or more trying to hold my bladder, eventually was lulling into sleep and instantly woke up peeing myself!

I wasnt even wearing a pull up. Wet the bed on the first day, this does not bode well for my week.

