Viewed Desperation and Wettings from the Art Festival (Mostly Female) - Page 3

Author: freepostage

*051*2013-06-29 07:48

Thank you guys so much for reading! I still have some of these experiences left but I have three threads going right now so I update whatever I feel like writing that day. I've had a long day but I will make a short update to say the following:

An artist I don't personally know but knew was an artist that sold merchandise was walking out to her car with an arm full of boxes at the end of the day. She was speed walking to her car and was wearing a short black dress that was on the tighter side. She was an African American woman with spiral curled black hair and was about 5'4 with a curvy body. She was struggling to hold her boxes and seemed to be bouncing but I thought she was just having an issue carry her boxes. She was walking past me when I noticed her stopping for a moment, then saw a stream of pee release onto the ground. Some pee ran down her inner leg but she stood with her legs apart for a minute to finish peeing, then continued on. I'm not sure if she was so desperate she wet herself or just needed to go really badly and didn't want to wait in line so she deliberately peed herself publicly to be more comfortable.

*053*2013-06-29 18:55

{{:

I'll second all the thanks as well, these stories are wonderful. Whoever that organizer is who keeps cheaping out on the amount of port-a-potties...somebody needs to check if s/he is just cheap or is really a desperation fan...

}}

It's a possibility! It might be better now, I don't work there anymore and don't live near the festival at all but it still goes on. Might have to check it out one day...

*054*2013-07-03 04:34

I found this gem inside one of my notebooks folded up on a free-form piece of paper so I thought I would share another quicky before bed:

This was during my second year of the festival when I had clear view of the porta-potties and their lines of bursting women. A woman that caught my eye (and probably the eyes of many) was a beautiful blonde, with curly locks, a push up bra, a sparkly top and ultra tight jeans. She joined the back of the line and was standing alone, so many men were talking to her and indulging her in conversation. I didn't keep track of the time period or how many people she was behind, but I would say she spent a good thirty or forty minutes in line.

Throughout this time she went from standing with her thighs close together to crossing her legs, to uncrossing her legs, to bouncing on the spot, to bending forward and while I didn't have the most clear view, it looked as though she had a hand in her crotch. I imagine if she had to pee badly enough to hunt down the toilets in the first place she already needed to go decently, so the extended delay was increasing her desperation quickly. The beautiful blonde goddess also was holding an extra large soda cup that she was sipping on when she joined the porta-potties and had thrown away after ten minutes, so I assume her bladder was filled to the brim with soda and anything else she had drank throughout the day. 

She was one person away from the line when I noticed her crouching down on the ground, either peeing through her jeans or trying to regain control. The blonde finally had an opening and ran in, not closing the door. The man behind her kindly closed the door and when she came out, she quickly walked away. There was a distinct wet patch of pee on the bottom of her jeans and the inside of her thighs, although she only seemed to partially wet as the wet spot didn't cascade down her legs.

*055*2013-07-10 05:13

Warning: A bit long and I'm not proofreading since I need to leave for work right now but hopefully it's comprehensible! Enjoy!

This is a story from the year before I worked the festival. I actually wasn't 18 then but my friends were in their twenties and pre-bought tickets. No one at the gate checked for my ID so I slid through and enjoyed the sights. This was the first year I had only been and it gave me the idea to start working there in the first place. Anyway, I was there with a few friends but will only discuss the three of us this involves; me, Sharon and Elise. That day it was warm so I wore a sequin bikini top with a black tube top and tight black short shorts and white sandals. Sharon was 20 and borrowed a pair of white shorts from me that were maybe two sizes too small. She stayed the night at my house and forgot to bring any pants with her.

She skipped the underwear since every color she had showed through the shorts. Sharon had blonde curly hair that she scrunched with hair spray and really big, anime style green eyes. She wore fake eyelashes and baby pink lipstick everywhere she went. She was wearing a very low cut bright yellow halter top, so low it showed the small heart tattoo in her cleavage. Her nipples were almost permanently hard and were very visible through her top. She was maybe 120 lbs, 5'3, and was at least a healthy C cup. 

Elise was 22, mousy, and had her hair brown hair in pig tails. She had on thick cat eyed glasses and was wearing a shortish black pencil skirt that was cotton (probably from American Apparel) and a white top. She stood maybe 5'4 and was frail with a small chest and not much for curves. She had on white knee high socks and black Mary Janes. Elise stuck out a bit in our group but she had great taste in music and was really funny, so when she came out of her shell she fit in, she was a joy to be around.

We arrived around 12 pm and around 4 pm we badly needed a bathroom break. We had been staying hydrated all day and ordered many sodas, waters and teas. The others had broken away and it was just me, Sharon and Elise, wandering around hunting for a bathroom. Elise was sweating at her brow, although it was a warm day. She wouldn't admit her need much, as she was a shyer type, but Sharon wasn't a stranger to saying she needed to "take a wicked piss." Every time she said she had to "take a piss" Elise cringed. I never heard her swear and the rest of us had rather vulgar mouths so she was scrunching her cute face up a lot. We wandered up to a swarming line around the porta-potties and Elise cringed, Sharon sighed, and I rolled my eyes. I had to pee pretty badly myself and couldn't decide who was worse off but me having to pee doesn't turn me on so I was trying to focus on them without making my desperation worse. We had maybe a 12 person wait in each line so we broke up.

Elise was to my left and Sharon was to her left, so I was getting a better look at Elise. She was standing very rigid with her hands in fists and shifted positions every few minutes, from crossing her legs to standing very straight. We were quiet, mostly because Elise was between us, or else I'm sure Sharon would have been bitching about her full bladder. My own pants were cutting into my bladder so I couldn't imagine how tight those white shorts were on Sharon, with a bladder full of raspberry tea and Coca-Cola. She was jiggling up and down a bit, enough that her breasts were jiggling through her halter top, which was gaining the attention of many of the men. She now had her legs crossed but was trying to look casual, after she realized how many people were watching her. I could see the shimmer of sweat on her breasts.

Sharon broke away from the line and got between me and Elise, declaring this line was "bullshit" and we could find somewhere else to pee. We didn't really know where would be the best spot but Sharon was getting so desperate she had now unbuttoned her white short shorts. Her bladder bulged out significantly and the zipper was slowly fighting it's way down. Elise was now saying she needed to go pretty badly and we needed to hurry, but I didn't know where we were hurrying to. We wandered around for another thirty minutes or so before Elise yelped loudly and ran behind the projector screen of an artist.

The artist, me, and Sharon followed her, to see her peeing through her panties (they weren't pulled down and she always wore them) into the grass. She was hiding her face with one hand and using the other to stabilize her body as urine poured out of her onto the ground. She finally stopped, a sizeable puddle behind her, and was blushing up a storm, apologizing to the artist. He seemed more amused than anything and just sort of shook his head. Sharon and I were both considering doing the same but Elise was pulling our hands and declared she wanted to go home. Needing a restroom rather badly, neither Sharon nor I argued and we made our way out the side exit and climbed into the car. Elise drove, I sat in the back, and Sharon was up front with a hand in her crotch. Elise was still blushing and I couldn't tell if this was because she peed her panties and had to pee publicly or because Sharon was holding herself, with her shorts unzipped.

Elise drove quickly but it was about 5:20 or so by now and Sharon and I were at the end of our rope. I found a styrofoam cup in the backseat and when no one was paying attention, I tore off my shorts and panties and positioned myself over the cup, releasing my bladder. The hiss was loud enough to catch everyone's attention and Sharon was jealous and Elise was angry, insisting I was going to get pee on her seats. When I finished the cup was 3/4 of the way full and Elise insisted I throw it out the window so I didn't toss pee down the side of the car.

Before Sharon could protest I littered (sorry mother nature!) and felt a million times lighter without the weight of my full bladder weighing me down. Sharon was a mess, but there was no where for her to stop off at and pee and we were only five minutes from her place now. She was bouncing in the seat and exclaiming how much she needed to take a "fucking piss" and by the time we pulled into her driveway she was running for the door, hands in her crotch. She bounced up and down, digging for her keys, and by the time I caught up with her she was racing towards the bathroom. She pulled on the door but it was locked. 

She knocked loudly and yelled "I really need to pee!" It was her mother, taking a shower, and I doubt she could really hear what Sharon was even saying. Sharon stood with both hands in her crotch and was dancing on the spot, waiting for the only bathroom to open up. She suddenly squealed "NO!" and squatted down, letting out a short stream onto the hardwood floors through the white shorts. She managed to stop herself and the bathroom door opened up, leaving Sharon bounding into the bathroom and pulling down her shorts without closing the door. Her mother scolded her for being so unladylike but Sharon was in heaven, her pee stream loudly hitting the toilet before her bum had even sat down squarely. Her stream was loud and long, and at some point one of us shut the door for her but I'm not sure who. Afterward she apologized for ruining my shorts and cleaned up her small pee trickle on the floor.

*056*2013-07-15 00:37

One of the artists during year three was quite the drinker and would actually bring her own flask of vodka. She had an exhibit that was some type of statue, I barely remember it now, but she had a head of Diana Ross-esque hair and beautiful, dark skin. She wore blue color contacts and her name was Rebecca. Anyway, Rebecca was often running to the porta-potties to relieve herself, as you know alcohol can really build up in your system and once you "break the seal" you're breaking your neck to keep it all inside your bladder. I would often see Rebecca fleeing to the porta-potties, sometimes getting in right away and other times being greeted by a long line.

On the second day Rebecca was drunk as a skunk, each time I said hi to her passing her booth she was quite slurry. I caught her halfway through the bathroom line, wearing a pair of jean cut off shorts and a white top without a bra. She had B cup breasts with hard nipples that poked through her shirt. She had on a pair of sneakers that were neon green and had a neon green headband in her hair. I would say she was maybe 5'4 or 5'5 with big hips and a small waist. Anyway. Rebecca looked rather bad off, I would put her at a 9/10 on the desperation scale. She shamelessly had both hands in her crotch and was dancing on the spot, bobbing up and down. I was surprised no one was letting her cut but I assumed everyone else in line needed to go badly enough to walk over there and had also been waiting for awhile.

Rebecca's cute, full butt was squirming in her jeans as she bobbed her legs and she had both of her long, sexy legs squeezed together to keep her pee inside. Rebecca looked around suddenly, stood up, and walked away from the line, toward me. She walked casually and as she moved forward I noticed a grin creeping across her face. I looked at her crotch and it darkened as she continued to walk, her bladder spilling over through her panties and her jeans. Her urine flow ran down the inside of her thighs and I could see a constant stream pouring out of her crotch onto the grass. She continued to walk and didn't seem at all embarrassed, in fact she looked as though she almost enjoyed wetting herself. Rebecca returned to her art exhibit and sat down, waiting for her jeans to dry. Later I walked by and her crotch was wet again but it was multiple hours later so I assume she purposefully peed herself again.

