Wetting Yourself at Work (Part 2)

Author: QuakingFaith

*000*2013-08-24 01:58

Ok! I'm back to finish up talking about women I know, or have heard of, who have wet themselves at work.

If you haven't read Part I maybe do that now because rewriting background for people who have read it would be boring for them.

Early one morning I was alone in my, shared, office planning out the day when Annika arrived, came up to my desk and announced,

"You'll never guess what I did last night!"

"A PCR?" I knew what experiment she'd been back late doing.

"Well yes... But you won't guess what else."

"What else?" I was distracted and not invested in the conversation at this point. Annika was really chatty about random crap.

"I wet my pants!"

"You did what?" I was focused on her conversation now.

"I was halfway through a PCR and I wet my pants." She was grinning.

"Why didn't you go to the toilet?"

"Well if you take too long setting up a PCR once you've started they don't work properly." This is technically true but she definitely could have taken five minutes to go pee without compromising the experiment.

I didn't really know what to say to that and she took advantage of the pause to go into a blow-by-blow of the details.

"All of a sudden it just happened. It went everywhere. All over my jeans, all over the seat, all over the floor."

"What did you do?"

"Oh I finished setting up the PCR and got it on the machine. Then I cleaned everything up with a lab gown and went home."

She was (and presumably is, I just haven't seen her in years, the past tense doesn't imply death ) a particularly bubbly and open person. It's entirely possible that she didn't enjoy desperation at all and just procrastinates over her bladder a lot. But she always seemed extra bubbly when she was taking about desperation and peeing to me. Maybe I'm projecting.

Annika also told me a couple of stories where the only toilet available to her was filthy and she didn't want to use them even though she was busting. One of them was on a train and she ended up using the toilet in the end. The other was on a camping trip and she decided she wouldn't use the dirty bathroom even if it meant that she wet herself. "If I pee myself then I pee myself". She ended up getting someone to drive her to a petrol station just in time. I have a camping story of my own I'll tell sometime.

I used to work in a fruit and vege shop for a few years during Uni. Once one of my co-workers, a woman in her late thirties who had just had a baby, arrived at work and told me that she'd be back in a minute because "I just have to duck next door and buy a new pair of knickers. I sneezed in the car and wet myself." She was wearing a black skirt and I didn't see any marks on it.

I've never personally wet myself sneezing, or coughing, or jumping, or lifting. For all that I've wet myself quite a lot I actually have a pretty strong bladder. I do sometimes leak whilst laughing with a full bladder. But never much more than a trickle or two.

My last wetting at work story happen to a former friend (Brooke) of mine (we actively are no longer friends). She was working in a government call centre and the supervisors there were really tough on everyone. Though Brooke felt that one particular woman (Alana) was tougher on her. Brooke didn't give me a lot of details but essentially Alana ignored her requests to have a toilet break so she wet herself at her desk.

You are probably thinking "Why didn't she just get up and go? She's a grown woman?". Well this particular department kept close track of toilet breaks and fired you if you used too many or took too long. They also fired you for other random stuff. It was messed up and I kept telling Brooke to turn her union on them and get all the supervisors fired. She never did so for all I know that department call centre is still run like that. It makes me mad just to think about it.

But it gets me excited to imagine a good looking guy sitting there at his desk unable to get up and go pee, having to sit there busting, until eventually he can't hold on any longer and he is forced pee his pants right then and there. I've written a little bit of fiction about that based on Brooke's experience. I've used a unisex name for the protagonist so if you'd rather imagine that they are a girl then that is fine by me.

I need to pee. I've been answering calls all afternoon and haven't had any sort of a break in hours. The work is boring but it's also a little soul crushing as my instructions are to try and deny benefits to as many people as possible. Oh, I'm not allowed to actively lie, but if people don't qualify for the benefit the apply for I'm absolutely not allowed to suggest they apply for a different benefit that I'm sure they do qualify for. It really sucks. But I'm saving up for my wedding and I really need the money.

After I finish up on a call I raise my hand. Hand raising summons a floor supervisor over to your desk. It's like being back at school. Alana slides silently over to my desk. You never hear Alana coming. She always wears heels, I have no idea how she does that.

"What can I do for you Jamie?" Alana never smiles.

"Can I have a toilet break?"

"You already used three toilet breaks this week. And I've seen your numbers, can you really afford to be taking time off from your calls?" Before I can answer she turns and glides away.

I really don't like Alana

I press a key on my computer and another voice comes through on my headset. I do my best to "help" them. This goes on for a while.

I glance at the time. Still over an hour till my scheduled finishing time. I'm not sure I can wait that long to pee. So I raise my hand. No Alana. A quick turn of my head shows she is menacing some other poor answering machine. I take another call instead. I've been shifting in my hideous vinyl chair for a while now. I'm really uncomfortable.

I raise my hand again. Still no Alana. I look around again. She is just standing at the edge of the room looking out at us. She might not have seen my hand so I start to wave it around a little. Alana looks right at me. We stare at each other for a few seconds, then she motions for me to turn back to my computer.

Alana is such a bitch! I hate her so, so, much! I haven't needed to pee to pee this much in years. I'm seriously, totally, concerned that I'm about to wet my pants.

I take another call. I'm not concentrating at all. This actually doesn't hurt my numbers that much since concentrating only leads to being helpful and not getting off of the phone faster. My left hand strays off the keyboard and down to my crotch. I give it a quick squeeze and wriggle around a bit more. If anyone is looking at me I must be quite the sight. I bet Alana is looking at me. God, she is probably enjoying torturing me. I should just get up and run to the toilet. But Alana would write me up and if I'm written up one more time then I'll get fired. I'm quitting this stupid, awful job the day before my wedding. That's something to look forward to. Both quitting and my wedding...

I'm snapped back to reality from my daydream with an abrupt shock. My lapse in focus has allowed a small, brief, squirt of urine to escape me and dampen my underwear. Still 30 minutes to go! How can that even be possible? I'm really frightened that I'm going to wet myself.

I take another call. My left hand is now constantly massaging my crotch. I'm not sure if it is helping. Another leak forces it's way out of me. I can barely cut it off. It would feel so good to just let go. So, so, good. I'm only stopped by the thought that I would become the "person who peed themselves" around the lunch table if I do.

I realize that I have absolutely no idea what the customer on the other end of the line just said and ask them if they can repeat themselves. They sound annoyed. I don't listen to them this time either because as soon as they start talking I start peeing. It's running through my fingers! I can't stop! I stare down at my crotch in horror. It shimmers! And a sizeable pool has collected between my thighs and the vinyl.

I'm still peeing. It feels too good to let go. I can't stop it. My pee pours off the front of the chair like a waterfall, splashing my shoes and soaking its way down my calves and into my socks.

"Oh my God! Did you just wet your pants Jamie?" I didn't hear Alana approaching. I could hardly have hidden my accident if I had.

"I told you I needed a toilet break." I said meekly. I didn't mention how she had ignored my raised hand after that.

"Well this is a job that requires a strong bladder you know." She wasn't keeping her voice down. I wanted to melt into the floor.

"I'm sorry..."

Alana dropped her head to my ear and purred "If you don't get up till your shift ends I won't write you up for this." And then she was gone.

I took another call, then another. Eventually it was time to clean up and go home. I wanted to never come back but I did. Though I was very careful about not drinking before any shifts that Alana would be supervising and tried to avoid her as much as possible from then out.

So writing that story has got me pretty excited. My husband isn't getting home for a couple of hours but when he does I am going to... get him to do things to me.

