I peed my panties, when I asked a posh lady how to find a toilet!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-12-03 02:14

Today, well actually yesterday since it's now past midnight, I carried into action an idea I'd got from something I read a long time ago, and now recalled. It was an idea about how to get an indisputable excuse for a pee "accident" in front of a total stranger. This is what happened.

I'd prepared myself by drinking lots of mineral water. I strolled around on the paths in a park, looking for the right person. I was dressed in a dark green, knee-length, pleated skirt, a yellow polo-neck sweater and a red quilted down jacket. It's winter hear, you know! Freezing cold and lots of snow. As time passed I got more and more desperate to pee. Actually up to the point that I feared I'd pee my panties involuntarily before I'd found a suitable person. Every now and then I'd to stop and press my hand in between my thighs. And I walked with small steps, my legs almost crossed. I must have been an amusing sight! At a couple occasions it got really critical, and I actually had a minor squirt in my panties.

But then I noticed a lady, who was standing looking at a notice board. It was a posh lady about thirty years old. She looked friendly, so I thought I'd dare to approach her. My heart pounded when I called for her attention.

"Excuse me! I... I wonder if you know where there is a toilet around here?" I was stepping on my toes and gave away every sign of being very desperate. She looked at me.

"Let's see...", she hesitated. "There's probably toilets at the railway station, but that's a long way, and you seem... hmm. But there's a small haberdasher's shop only a few minutes away from here. The owners are such dear ladies, they would surely let you use their toilet." She began to describe the way and then broke off.

"Oh, dear!" She exclaimed, when she suddenly noticed that it'd become too late for a toilet. I'd parted my legs and was totally peeing myself in front of her! I hastily hitched up my skirt to avoid to wet it. I looked down and started to sob.

"Oh, dear", she said again. "Don't cry, you couldn't help it! Oh, you really needed that, you poor, sweet thing!" She added when it seemed like I was going to pee like for ever.

My pink cotton panties got soaked, pee was running down my tights and onto the snowy path, colouring it in yellow. Although it was a deliberate wetting, I was so very embarrassed, especially as it never stopped. It made me sob for real. The posh lady stayed on and looked compassionatly at me.

When I finally stopped peeing, she put an arm around me and said:

"Come on now, it's very cold and you mustn't walk too long in your wet panties! It could be very dangerous, you know. I'll take you to that haberdasher's shop I mentioned before, and there I'll buy a pair of new panties for you. And you'll be able to get washed before you take them on."

And off we went to the haberdasher's. She was right about the cold; at the time we came there, my pussy was so freezing.

She told the very nice, old woman, who owned the shop, and who she seemed to know well, about my "accident". She bought tights (but insisted that they should be wool) and panties (also made of wool and with long legs). She followed me in to the toilet, that had a shower, and had me to take off all my clothes and have a proper shower. I was somewhat embarrassed but also aroused when I started to wash my pussy before her eyes. But that was nothing compared to the embarrassment that followed when I began to rub my pussy over with soap. All of a sudden I orgasmed! My knees weakened and I sat down on the floor, trying not to moan too loudly. I was so embarrassed, that I started to cry, and this time it wasn't fake.

My benefactor was so nice to me. She comforted me and said:

"Sweetie, that wasn't so bad! I think it was only natural that you got a bit aroused and carried away. I'd say it was good for you to have such a nice orgasm! And I didn't for a second mind watching it, if you excuse me saying so..."

She followed me to my car, and before I went for home, we exchanged addresses and mobile numbers. She appeared to be an artist, a painter, and as painting and drawing are my greatest interests, we agreed to meet again. I'm so eager to see her work (she's an artist of good repute; when she told me her name I recognized it at once).

Sometimes a wetting experience can turn in to something useful! (And, in case you're curious, I don't have a clue if she is into wetting.)

*005*2012-12-03 22:58

{{:

I don't usually question people's stories, but did she really say this, "you mustn't walk too long in your wet panties! It could be very dangerous, you know."

Would she actually make a comment like that?

Also, would some old lady in a random shop truly approve of some girl having an orgasm in her shop?

}}

Of course she didn't say that. I'm from Sweden, and here we speak Swedish. If my translation sounds odd in your ears, I'm sorry. But actually I don't think so. She was a caring lady. It was about 13-14 degrees C below 0. That's pretty cold. So she pointed out that walking around in wet panties (in Swedish "våta trosor", and I think the translation is accurate), when it's that cold could be very dangerous. Maybe you don't share her opinion, but to me it made sense, and I really doubt that anyone would disagree with what she said. I think her comment was only natural for a caring person to make.

Did I in my story in any way hint that the owner lady was aware of my orgasm? I didn't have my orgasm in the shop premises, you know. I was having a shower, which, as it should (!), took place in the bathroom. Whether the owner lady would have approved of me having an orgasm there if she knew; that's something we'll never know.

Honestly, I very much question the purpose of your post. I think it's of a rather offensive nature.

*006*2012-12-03 23:15

{{:

Wow, that's incredible. I almost don't believe it. However, I suppose I'll take your word for it that it really happened like this. Though I can't shake the feeling you stretched the truth a bit on some parts. Yet I have no way to be sure on that at all since I wasn't there.

}}

It happened like that. On which parts do you think I've stretched the truth? On which grounds do you question my story? You admit that you have no way to be sure of that I'm a liar. So, what gives you the right to make this alligation?

*009*2012-12-03 23:44

{{:

I'm not trying to make you upset, just so I'm clear. It was mostly me just sharing my thoughts. I understand that you are from a different part of the world than I am, which is why I give you the benefit of the doubt. The only thing that really struck me as odd is that this person you only met that day was intent on watching you clean yourself. I would think they would want to give you some sense of privacy.

}}

You're accusing me to be a liar, and then you expect me not to become upset . Yes I'm from a different part of the world (France until I was 11 and then Sweden) a part of the world where we don't appreciate sloppy allegations.

I didn't ask her why she followed me in to the bathroom. I naturally assumed it was because she was a nice, caring person, who believed I'd experienced a kind of traumatic experience. But maybe in the part of the world you come from, it's in the nature of people to suspect the worst from people. I'm happy I don't live in such a part of the world, where ever that is.

*012*2012-12-04 00:29

{{:

I don't think anyone is trying to attack you, vikka. If they don't want to believe you, then just don't worry about them. You clarified that some of your translation may not reflect what was actually said or meant by the parties involved therein. That should be all you have to do.

}}

I hope so, but honestly, why make such comments if you don't have a purpose.

I said "If my translation sounds odd in your ears, I'm sorry. But actually I don't think so." That didn't mean that my translation didn't reflect what was said or meant by the parties. On the contrary, I believe that what I've written clearly reflect that. And shouldn't be misunderstood. Even if my translation maybe wasn't made in perfect English, I don't think that would be cause for anyone to misunderstand anything. Unless they want it. Or if they assume that, as English isn't my native language, I probably mean something else than what I've actually written.

You probably mean that I shouldn't dwell on this. But i have found to my cost, that a lie easily cold turn to a "truth", if you don't defend yourself.

*018*2012-12-04 01:45

{{:

Well my post does have a purpose, and it is to question the veracity of your story. I have read almost all of your stories (all of them were awesome and rather realistic), but to me this one seems a bit stretched. I myself am from a different part of the world, and english is not my first language. The only section that i have seen a bystander say something like that is in the fictional stories section. Forgive, but as a person who likes to analyze and compare I noticed a similarity. Why shouldn't I question, that is after all the purpose of the ability to comment on a board.

}}

The bystander in question was, as I've said before, a caring lady. In Swedish, her exhortation, from which your quote was taken, goes: "Följ med mig! Det är väldigt kallt och du får inte gå omkring för länge i dom där våta trosorna! Det skulle kunna vara farligt, förstår du. Jag tar med dig till den där sybehörsaffären jag nämnde förut och där tänker jag köpa nya trosor till dig. Och du kommer att kunna tvätta dig innan du tar på dig dom." It's a friendly exhortation and not a bit strange under the circumstancies.

Finally, what I've written is true. Having stated that, I have nothing more to add. As I am the one, who was there, I'm the one who knows how it happened and what was said.

*019*2012-12-04 01:59

PLEASE!!!!!!! Stop giving them, who are posting comments to my story, negative points! It's so unfair, as you can't see who's given the neg point. If you wish to make a statement, use your verbal abilities and stand up for your opinion!

I believe very strongly, that it shouldn't be possible to give neg points! It's anonymous and unworthy.

