Blown engine at the worst time...

Author: Notarealperson

*000*2013-03-06 06:09

Yesterday morning I got an oil change in my Jeep and after that I was working, cleaning and remodeling a rental house. It was a beautiful day out and I decided it was a good day to take scrap metal to the scrapyard. I loaded the trailer full of stuff to take to the scrapyard, which was tiring work so I gulped down a bottle of water and cracked open a cold Dr. Pepper as I headed home to get my wallet to return the metal. (I forgot the wallet with my licence at home..) By the time I got home it was 2:30 and the scrap yard closed at three. I sprinted inside and searched for my wallet. It took me like five minutes to find my wallet and was going to go pee, but I wanted to get to the scrap yard before they closed so I figured I could hold it until later...

I jumped back into my car and took off down the road. I was following this slow old rusty truck spewing gross exhaust fumes. Call Me Maybe came on the radio so naturally I turned it up and started singing like a fool B). Because of my loud music, and the fumes of the car in front of me, I had no idea my oil plug had fallen out from the oil change earlier and my car no longer had any oil, and my car came to a screeching halt.. quite literally. Smoke was coming out from under my car from the burnt oil. I called a tow truck and they said they were really busy and it would be 45 minutes to an hour...

I took a sip of my Dr. Pepper and then it hit me how badly I needed to pee... about 5 minutes went by and I was squirming all over the place. I had my hand between my legs and was in pain from holding it. A few minutes after that a small spurt leaked out and I tried to hold back the rest. I failed. I completely flooded my pants and the car seat. I had my hand down my pants trying to hold it as the pee sprayed though my fingers. After I finished I grabbed a shirt from the back of the car to soak up as much as I could, but there was still a puddle in the seat. The tow truck finally about 45 minutes later and I had to ride in the tow truck to the mechanic . The tow truck driver didn't say anything but I'm sure he noticed.

Oh and the oil change place was very nice about it and said everyone makes mistakes, they were very apologetic and bought the car off of me at a price they we both agreed was fair. I was amazed how well they handed it!

