Changed my gender, and my bladder control changed along with it...

Author: Flyper

*000*2014-01-31 08:37

Background: I'm a transgender woman; I transitioned last year. I've been taking estrogen and anti-androgen for ~10 months. The side effect of the anti-androgen is that it's basically a diuretic, so things have been interesting. Word of mouth says that estrogen shrinks the bladder too.

Result: Often when I come home at night, I'm squirming a bit trying to open my door. Many times I start leaking once I get in, and the most I've come to completely losing control is having a few streaks running down my tights. That time I got desperate as I was walking home, and that was the first time ever that I was worried I wouldn't be able to make it in time. That was really exciting! If I were more into peeing myself, I would have my fair share of accidents to talk about by now.

I've also experienced a different sensation from holding it; before taking hormones, it would be kinda centered to the genitals, but now the sensation is further up towards the lower abdomen. I get a similar sensation in the same area when I get aroused (which is also different from before), so I find being holding it a much different experience, one that kinda feels good and irritating at the same time. It's hard for me to describe fully, but the feeling is irritating enough that I squirm a lot more in desperation than I used to and good enough that I like holding it a lot more than before.

I'm not sure if there can be much of a discussion from this, but I thought I would document my experience here.

*004*2014-01-31 23:15

@Ronyo: I'll see if the topic can be moved then. I've noticed the change in attention IRL already, and I don't want to think about the internet. I don't want a fandom though, so no posting about myself too much. :p

@Sodanor: Yes, it seems to happen pretty often across the board. I've heard from trans women on a different anti-androgen that isn't a diuretic that they've also experienced less bladder control, so it seems that estrogen may shrink the bladder. It's a real PITA though, especially for those dealing with transphobes who are hysteric about them using women's bathrooms.

@AliceNoel: Oh, this is so cool to see another trans girl on here! :D I've heard of women who had bottom surgery having to use the restroom more frequently, but I don't know that much about it. Thank you! :)

*009*2014-02-02 19:49

@rachelkirwan: I just looked those up. I'm seriously going to need to do kegel exercises. Holding it is fun, but I would rather not get desperate in a public situation.

@Kei: Woo, more trans folk! :D Do you know of any stories about bladder capacity changing for better or worse among trans guys?

@sa-chan: Yes, it's really fun learning about effects that I wouldn't have expected at all. I had pretty low expectations going into it, so the huge amount of changes in this short amount of time has been amazing. Trans health really needs working on so people can be truly aware of what to expect. And thanks! :)

@RobsRose79: It's been quite enjoyable so far! I'm purposely getting back into it, so I might decide to wet someday :p

