Magic Wand Wetting

Author: Lips

*000*2014-12-18 02:38

Hello all! It's been a while since I've wrote a new experience. So here it goes!

Note: Hitachi wand is sometimes called "Magic Wand" in case some may be confused why I made this title as such.

###

It all started last night when I was skyping with my friend...Let's call him Sean (Not his real name obviously). We were talking, goofing off, cracking jokes each other, etc. you know what friends do. and then he asked if I needed to pee. I answered with "Yeah" as if it was a normal thing between us, but we both knew it wasn't. Sean playfully told me not to go to the bathroom and hold it, I just looked at my computer screen and playfully laughed and just said "okay".

In the nearly 3 hour skype call we both were on, we were teasing each. He would ask every now and then if it got worse, most of the time, it did after an hour. I just kept drinking water, knowing what was going to come next. next thing i know, i was very desperate. on a scale 1 - 10, i was at a 7. which for me, was bad enough. And he took plight in my desperation, but then again, so did I.

We both were very horny at this point. We both started masturbating with him giving me instructions. I began to play with my clit with two of my fingers helping me, I did leak in my bright pink thong which caused a small wet spot on my computer chair. But then after that small leak, I closed my legs again with my right hand in between them to keep from the rest of the pee flowing out. But after 5 minutes, he requested for me to spread my legs. I did just that with my right hand still in between my legs. only for him to tell me to remove them. I complied. now I was doing the most that I could to not leak anymore. surprisingly, I did well. But then I began to play with my clit again while rubbing my breasts, only to leak a little more. by this time, every cloth of my body came off except my pink thong. I began to get my favorite sex toy called Hitachi Wand. But I couldn't do it at my computer desk, so I let him know I was gonna call him when I got to my bed instead.

I still had to go pee, But I couldn't put this idea out of my mind. I plugged up my toy, got in my twin size bed, and proceeded to call him on my cell phone. He answered with "hello in the sexiest voice possible. I couldn't help but to smirk on the other end of the line while I positioned myself, then the dirty talk and the masturbation began. I was playing with my pussy once again while he stroked his hard dick on the other end of the line. After a few minutes of doing this, I grabbed my hitachi wand, turned it on the lowest setting (since it only has two settings) and pressed it against my clit. I was on the verge of orgasm and wetting not only myself, but my bed as well. But I didn't care, I was in the moment and I couldn't have felt more alive and satisfied.

I kept teasing myself with the wand for more than five minuets. But I decided to push myself farther, I kept pressing the vibrating tool against my clit, feeling the orgasm and pee starting to come out. At first, I let out small moans and then got louder and louder, while the pressure was still building up. a few moments passed and I let Sean know I was about to cum. and he alerted me the same on his end. I started squirming but not because i was trying to keep my piss in my bladder at the moment, but because my body arched when i let out an orgasm and piss began flowed down to my pink thong I was wearing, my thighs and my ass. (I was laying down while doing all of this). By that time, Sean and I was catching our breath.

After a few moments, I admitted to Sean that I still needed to pee, but not as badly as before. He responded with "oh really?". I said yes and then asked him "Did you want to go for round two?" I could tell he was smiling on the other end and responded with "sure."

*004*2015-01-06 13:38

{{ 

Where did chu get le magical magic wand 0w0

}}

I got it from a sextoy website. Specifically called "babeland".

*006*2015-01-09 06:11

{{ 

Coooooool IMA GET ONE I never had an prgasm before ;n; even woth the millions of sex toys I have...

}}

I recommend it. If you only live in the u.s.

*010*2015-01-09 21:10

{{ 

I do, I live in CA!

}}

Good. Reason i said you may have to be in the U.S. is because of the plug at the end. Its only made for us plug sockets

