Caught short on the school bus

Author: Lighter

*000*2014-04-15 19:41

OK, I thought I would share another of my experiences with the community. I was 11 and first year at high school on a school trip to god-knows-where. Bored out of our skulls, my friend and I got hold of a few cans of cola and drank the lot for a sugar rush and burping contest. Cutting out the dull crap we didn't go and pee before we had to get on the coach and go back to school. Even before the coach left the car park we were squirming in our seats and I had to go really really badly. 

My friend had to go even worse, as all that coke had just gone straight through us and in to our little 11 yr old bladders. I asked him if he was ok as I noticed he was squeezing his penis through his trousers. At that age I was probably bi curious but I certainly had a thing for seeing other boys willies, as did my friend. We'd often show each other what we had dangling (or on other occasions pointing skywards) between our legs and I remember looking at the shape and size of his penis through his trousers as he was holding himself.

I had to adjust myself so my own penis was squashed against my thigh as I was fit to burst myself. But I knew after previous encounters with cans of coke that it went through him faster than it went through me but only by a few minutes. Considering I was already thinking of squirting in my undies I was pretty sure he was on the verge of wetting himself. "I need to pee bad, REAL bad" he said through clenched teeth. Me too, I said and I looked at my crotch and made a point of showing him my penile bulge in my trousers, as I basically pinched the base of my shaft to stop anything dribbling out. I looked at him in desperation and said "All that coke has just gone right through me, I don't know if I'll make it" and I swear to god I was squirming like crazy. My friend had basically given up and was in a rather distressed state, and he was grabbing and pinching himself but we were too scared to ask to stop the coach and get off to piss by the road side.

"I think I'm going to wet myself" he said, and I could tell by his expression it was about to happen. Neither of us were happy to pee in our pants, not age 11 anyway, so I had a plan. Since the coach was half full and nobody was sitting near us (the majority choosing to sit either right at the back or at the front) I said if he was about to wet himself, to shuffle over to the end of the seat so we didn't get pee everywhere. He shuffled up right against the window and was whimpering with the pain and desperation.

"It's coming, I'm about to pee, I can feel it coming out, oh god help me" he said, and I saw a small wet spot appear on the front of his trousers over the top of his penis bulge. I got him to hold his penis shut as I undid the top of his trousers for him, and unzipped the front as far as I could. Just as I was doing that I felt a trickle on my foreskin and was aware my undies were wet around the left side of my scrote. I knew I had dribbled and I said so. He was still holding himself through his trousers as I opened the front up to reveal his blue y fronts, and started to pull the front down as far as I could. The idea was to pull pants down and sit on the seat and wee in to the seats akin to a normal toilet but as he was holding his penis from the outside, it was not going to be easy.

As I slid the waistband of his blue undies down, I cold see he had sprouted a nice downy arc of fuzz around the base of his penis, I was a tad envious as it was more than I had. Quick as a flash he said "I'm wetting" and pulled the front of his pants back up, released his grip on his penis and slipped his trousers down over his bum and to his knees, whislt bringing his feet on to the seat so he was sitting in a sort of squat/hunch position, almost able to rest his chin on his knees. I still had one hand on the waistband of his undies and we both watched as his blue pants darkened and spread over his penis and down between his legs, over his scrotum.

He made no attempt to get his penis out of his pants, and wet himself all over the seat. "oh nuts" he whimpered and we sniggered.I still had my right hand on the waistband of his pants and left hand down my trousers holding myself, although having leaked a bit the overwhelming urge had diminished so I wasn't going to wet myself soon. So a few seconds after he had begun to relieve himself in his pants, I quickly took hold of either side of his pants and slipped them down to allow him to finish his piss unimpeded. I hadn't seen his tackle for a few weeks and remember being fascinated by how much he had grown.

With the way he was sitting, it made his penis point upright and as his flow started again it was in danger of going flipping everywhere, so without hesitating I put my cupped hand over his penis and he peed for another 10 seconds in to my hand, wetting his fuzz, scrotum, thighs and his ass. By now, my right hand was on his penis, my left hand was behind his back and our heads were touching, I could hear him breathing heavily and a sense of relief. He looked at me and a small smile appeared; I realised why a split second later as I felt his penis grow in my hand!! He later admitted to me it was the first time he had ever become seriously aroused, and as he grew, I took my hand away thinking his semi erection was a bit weird as the foreskin wasn't covering the entire end (oh the naivety of youth).

I pointed out as a matter of urgency that I was a bit wet and it was ready to come bursting out, so he pulled his wet pants back up, the front having a whopping great stiffy creating a tent. He slid to where I was sat and I moved to the centre of the seat, undid my trousers and prepared to slip my pants down. I had decided to sit normally, leaning forwards and let it flow discreetly in to the seat, but as I slipped my trousers down I leaked in my pants and he saw it. I pulled up my shirt and jumper, slipped my pants down to just below my bits and slid to the far end of the seat, before I could do anything he moved right close to me and put his hand over my bits and whispered just let it go.

It felt weird, but I didn't need any prompting as it has started to drip off my foreskin anyway. I just leaned forwards and let the pee flow in to his hand, over my testicles and my little bit of boy fur and in to the coach seat. When I had finished, I just whipped my pants back up, moved to the middle of the seat again so I wasn't sat in a puddle and suggested we moved to another seat. I noticed he still had his hand in his pants and the front of his trousers was moving (few years later he told me he was so turned on by it he was basically masturbating in his wet pants and had in fact ejaculated whilst I peed in his hand, glad I could arouse him like that).

We never thought about the poor bugger who had to clean it up afterwards, nobody found out and the stupid coach driver should have let us go pee before we left. Miserable old goat. My friend and I got up to all sorts, but as we grew up and grew close, we did start to experiment with things like this. I was never as aroused by this as he was, but I still loved him for the world. Oh fun times!! Plenty more stories like this, I'll post as and when I feel ready to share.

Have fun everyone!! Plus does anyone have any specific details they want me to share? I suppose my next story could have a bit of artistic merit added to it to tweak anyones interests further.

