The Geography Bee

Author: Kawasajo

*000*2015-12-01 11:22

I don't normally post much as I'm usually lurking, but I figured I'd come out for a change and share one of the many omorashi experiences I have had or witnessed. I'm new to this and this may be very detailed and lengthy so bear with me haha...

This particular story takes place quite some time back, back when I was in high school going on my junior year. It was during one of the last few weeks of the last semester, so by that time we had finished all of our school work and what not, leaving lots of time for extra-curricular/fun stuff for the school. On this week the school hosted several different contests/bee's, and on this particular day they were having their annual Geography Bee. They broadcasted it school wide through the classroom TV's and we were given the option on whether we'll watch or not, which my teacher had made us watch.

The Bee started about an hour into school from starting, around 9am. On the TV set I saw there were around 20 or so students competing, all sitting in rows of varying numbers. Seated on the far right side and in clear open view sat a girl I knew, which we'll call Lacey, which this story revolves around. Lacey was Asian, she was of mixed ethnicities but had more of a Japanese/Korean kind of look. She had long, sleek black hair, tan skin and light brown eyes. She was on the petite side, so from my guess she was around 5'2 or 5'3. She was one of those very pretty "bookworm" girls, and she also had a very curvy and matured physique, so she was very attractive, at least in my eyes.

Each contestant was given a number at random for when they were to be called up, and if a contestant is called, and fails to answer correctly or at all, they're disqualified. I remember Lacey's number was 9. The contest would go until one remained as the winner so there were no limits to the length of the Bee (as long as it stays within school hours of course). This also meant everyone had to sit there for hours in front of the whole school...

For the first half hour of the Bee I was absolutely bored, watching as everyone got called up to answer, and a few people got disqualified. I hadn't noticed anything unusual. However around 15 minutes later I began to notice movement on the right hand side of the screen. It was Lacey. She seemed to change her sitting position every so often. I also noticed she was swiveling her legs and turning her whole body in her seat from side to side, keeping her legs together knees touching. Because of her small size her feet were barely touching the floor, so often she's also kick her feet back and forth while leaning forward, hands resting on the sides of her seat. She repeated these moves for quite some time, and at this point my interest in the Bee has finally sparked.

After a while it got a little more interesting. In the next 20 minutes her moves slowly but surely became more intense and frequent, and she had also added a few more moves to her Arsenal of "desperation moves". She began to cross her legs and squirm in her seat. She would swing her dangling foot back and forth and occasionally pausing to kind of squeeze her crossed thighs together, lifting her legs up and sort of leaning forward a bit in the seat, then immediately going back to squirming with crossed legs. She had her hands in her lap the most of the time.

She continued to do this for the duration of the next 20 minutes as I watched in awe. There was no doubt she was pretty desperate to pee, I watched as she suffered in silence. In between her periods of squirming in her seat she would get called up to answer a question. What amazed me was that as she walked forward to the front from her seat, standing at the mic, she would stand completely still, looking completely fine. She got majority of her questions correct, and as soon as butt touched her seat again she immediately (and quite violently) broke out squirming intensely, until she calmed down to a steady rate. I found this very hot, as she must've been struggling very hard to keep her composure for that one minute she has to stand at the mic and look fine in front of the school. Little did she know we could see everything happening back at her seat.

Another 15 minutes passed, it was now an hour and a half into the Bee, around 10:30am, and there were only several people left. Lacey was one of them. Her desperation has grown significantly at this point. She was now double crossing her legs and squirming in her seat with one hand between her thighs. She would wiggle her legs side to side for some periods, sometimes she'll bounce them up and down and occasionally in between she'll pause to squeeze and lift her legs up. Her legs were kept double crossed the entire time she did this, this was the first time I realized how arousing it was to see a female cross her legs like that to hold it as I had never seen it before until now. She was biting her lip and now had a very concerned and exhausted look in her face. Her eyes peeked around as she sat there to struggle with the pressure building in her bladder. She was also looking at her watch often, probably hoping the Bee would end soon, but boy was she wrong.....

At this moment she got called up to answer probably her 9th or 10th question, she stopped squirming, stood up and walked to the mic. As the host read her the question she tried to stand still, but she couldn't, and her right leg jolted over the other in less than half a second, tightly crossing her legs while standing and unconsciously letting out a soft sigh into the mic. She stood there like that and answered her question, she was corrected.

Then she proceeded back to her seat, but this time she seemed to walk quite quickly to her seat, and of course, immediately and vigorously commenced squirming in the seat once again. It was as if she couldn't wait to get back to her seat so she could squirm in a more discrete position. She took another look at her watch, I did too, it was about 10:40 now. This Bee didn't seem like it would end very soon as the remaining contestants have definitely done their studying, and everyone constantly got their answers correct so this was definitely gonna be a long one.

It is now two and a half hours into the Bee, approximately 11:30am, and at this point Lacey was very desperate. Throughout the last 50 minutes her moves quickly increased in intensity and became very frequent. She was now at the point where she could not sit still in the seat for barely a second anymore. She sat with her legs double crossed majority of the time, bouncing them up and down, wiggling side to side, squeezing them and lifting them up in pulses while keeping her hand in between her legs. The other part of the time she would uncross her legs and slide to the very edge of her seat and squirm with her hands resting on the edge. She would bounce her legs up and down, rub her thighs quickly together, and lift her legs up squeezing her thighs together while leaning forward.

She would also lift her feet up and wiggle them in the air, and other times she would quickly fan her legs open and closed for periods, she would do this violently so whenever her knees fanned inward and hit each other her body would bounce up and back down in the seat. After squirming like this for some time she would slide back into her seat and double cross her legs and squirm that way instead. One thing was clear to me now, she was absolutely bursting. Whenever she's get called up for questions, it was evident the she was now unable to stand still too. She still kept calm, but while at the mic she constantly Shifted foot to foot and crossed her legs. Then broke out squirming immediately after sitting down. I was beginning to wonder how much longer she would last....

Another half hour passed, it is now about three hours into the Bee, around 12pm, and now I sincerely felt sorry for her. There were only three contestants left, one disqualification away from the semi final round m, and of course Lacey was STILL in it. She was now going through absolute torture. Now her moves were at their peak of intensity. At times it looked like she was struck by sudden "super urges", and she'd violently fan her legs open and closed, bouncing up and down in her seat for many seconds,then double crossing her legs and violently squirming in her seat. Whenever she's get called up for a question she was literally hopping from foot to foot and crossing her legs, doing a pee pee dance on live broadcast trying to keep it as discrete as possible. And whenever she's answer correctly she'd power walk back to her seat to squirm in her seat again.

She constantly looked at her watch, literally every 30-40 seconds or so, and she was squirming so violently that you could even faintly hear her chair creaking from the audio of the tv. You could also faintly hear her moaning and letting out sighs of desperation. The other two contestants occasionally glanced at her, and it seemed that at that point only NOW the host (who was the only other person in the room) had noticed Lacey and her moves. He walked over to her and began talking softly to her and she replied while squirming in her seat. The host then walked back behind the camera out of view and continued the Bee. I guess Lacey decided to take it like a champ and run the whole Bee through, hoping to win, which I thought was ridiculous as she looked like she was on the verge of peeing herself. I guess maybe she thought it would end soon and she could hold it till the end?

This is the best part. She gets called up for another question. She quickly walks to the mic and squirms impatiently on the spot to hear her question. Right when she was about today her answer, a massive urge struck her and she let out a rather loud moan and immediately doubled over, double crossing her legs on the spot and bending her knees, one hand on her abdomen and the other graspin the pole of the microphone to keep her balance while standing that way. It was at this moment that she must've decided that it wasn't worth it, and ultimately threw the competition. I had forgotten what her question and answer was, but she muttered an answer that was far off from being correct, thus being disqualified, and once she was excused she darted to the right off-screen, and that was it.

For the rest of the day I hadn't seen or heard anything of her, and even to this day I don't know for sure if she had made it or not. However the next couple of days after that day a rumor went around that Lacey indeed didn't make it and peed herself, and another rumor from someone who claimed to have seen her leaving campus getting into a car and driving off. However there tended to be a lot of gossip and often false rumors going around so I didn't think too highly of it. What are your thoughts on it?

*003*2015-12-02 06:08

{{ 

This was great! I would LOVE it if you'd post more of those "many omorashi experiences" you mentioned.

}}

I'm glad you guys liked it! And yes I will definitely share more when the time comes. Ironically as much desperation I've witnessed in my life (majority was back in high school) I've never gotten lucky enough to actually witness it to the full extent to the outcome of an accident or wetting, never got to witness a female/woman actually wet herself out of desperation (still hoping! Lol). However much of my experiences involve a LOT of desperation, to the point where things become critical for the female on making it or not, hope you guys will like the stories that are to come

*005*2015-12-03 05:31

{{ 

What was she wearing? If you stated, I missed it.

}}

Ahh I knew I forgot something, my apologies. As my memory recalls, she was wearing a light gray crop top shirt that exposed little of her lower belly, what looked like black leggings with these black ballet flats-like shoes. She also wore glasses that day (she wears them occasionally). To go into more detail she was also quite popular among my class, so she was one of those girls that liked to keep up her looks on a good level so she also wore make up. Very attractive girl, to see someone who is deemed attractive by everyone desperate like that was pretty amazing

