Way too full

Author: Winsley

*000*2013-08-30 18:59

Hi! Just a quick intro, I'm a 20 year old girl in the US, I've been holding forever and I love it. I regularly only pee twice a day and I my maximum measured capacity was 1500 (last night)

So I thought I'd share a story about a time a few years ago when i planned hold happened a little bit earlier than I had planned...

It was my birthday... or rather we were celebrating my birthday and I had told a few friends to meet me at the mall for a few hours of shopping and celebration and then a movie after. The plan was to drink a lemonade or smoothie at the mall and a large soda at the movie theater, you know the kind that are about 1.9L and really terrifying? I hadn't peed since early that morning but I had no urge to yet so it seemed to still be a decent plan.

At the mall I got my lemonade and started drinking right away, we walked around for about two hours before we stopped to eat and I got a soda, i felt a tiny urge to pee but nothing serious. After another hour of shopping we headed over to the movie, walking in I realized I was getting a bit full... maybe around 4 or 5 out of ten. But since I would be home in a maximum of three hours I decided I'd be fine to still get the big soda.

I'm normally pretty good with sodas at movies but for whatever reason I finished this one off before the previews were even done. I thought about it for a minute and since there was so much ice in it I figures it hadn't been that much soda so I could do another one and I went and got my free refill. By the middle of the move, about an hour in, I was way too full. I had to unbutton my jeans and keep my legs parted because my bladder was so swollen the extra pressure was terrible. I almost got up to pee but the idea of being even fuller when I got home was just too exciting so I decided to wait.

I managed to make it to the end of the movie but I was getting frantic, I kept rushing my friends out the door, I had to zip up my jeans when we left and they were pressing on my poor bladder, it was hard to move! One of my friends looked back as were were walking out of the door and almost said something but seemed to change her mind. I asked her what it was as we were walking and she said, "I just kinda had to pee but I can just go at your house when I drop you off." I was starting to panic, I reasoned out that if she only took a few minutes to pee and left right away I'd probably be fine.

We were about 30 minutes from my house and I was panicking, my legs were crossed tight and I was leaning forward in my seat but my friends didn't notice. She only noticed the red lights and the cars that wouldn't let her through, it was driving me crazy to pretend like I wasn't about to wet her car seat when she was grabbing her crotch and whining every time we stopped for any reason.

As she pulled into my driveway she started wiggling frantically and as soon as she stopped the car she looked at me and said, "Hurry up unlock the front door before I piss my pants!" I wanted to laugh I could barely get out of the car, as I stepped up the stairs my bladder strained and felt myself leak just a tiny bit, unlocking the door released a flood of urgency and I was reduced to bending over and grabbing myself hard to keep it back but again my friend was oblivious as she raced past me, hands in her crotch and flung herself into the bathroom. I could hear the release from where I was standing and I had to slam down on a chair and grind into it to stem the flow. I was breathing so hard I knew I'd have to piss if she stayed any longer than the time It would take her to go back to the car.

Lucky for me she came out, thanked me and said she had to be going because she promised to be home by nine. She looked so relieved I tried to act normal now that she wasn't distracted but I couldn't stand up from my chair so I just let her leave before I stood up and tried to make it up to my room.... I got upstairs, tried to grab the jug I usually pee in to measure but as soon as I closed the door It just exploded, I tried to stop a few times but the flow was too strong and I was too full and there was no stopping it, my floor was soaked, my pants were soaked and it felt amazing.

*012*2013-09-03 22:31

Oh wow responses!

{{:

I liked it alot! Just add a bit more detail; it seems a tad bland, but otherwise, good story. I hope to read more,

}}

Haha um yeah sorry it was a bit of dry story but I was sort of in a rush and I wanted to get it written down while I was thinking about it.

{{:

Double female desperation and a wetting makes for a great first story. I enjoyed it. Thanks for sharing and welcome to the board.

Did your friend figure out your predicament ?

}}

And yeah actually turns out we share a lot in common... It wasn't intentional for her at the time but she's a bit into omorashi as well and she saw me and was a bit... turned on but figured I was just shy.

*015*2013-09-06 01:48

{{:

Do you have a bladder capacity goal that you're trying to reach, or are you just always aiming to keep increasing your capacity as much as you can everytime you hold?

}}

Shooting for 1600 right now but If I hit it i'll just shoot for 1700 or 1800 I don't always measure because it's harder when I'm in my dorm room and I have to try and take a huge measuring cup full of pee out without anyone noticing ;) But I'm always trying to improve capacity.

{{:

I find it particularly hot that you usually only go twice a day. Do you know the longest time that you have gone without peeing? Myself I have gone 25 hours once. Also, good story. Keep writing!

}}

I did well over 24 hours once out of frustration at an outdoor event with very few spider free facilities but I was dehydrated and I hardly count it. The longest other than that would probably be near 19 or 20 hours. I really had to pee. But day to day I can go as long as 17 hours before I really start to hurt for it.

