Frosty wets her schoolgirl uniform

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-03-08 05:00

Here's one experience i had when i was still in uniform. I was riding the bus coming home after school, and I hadn't gone to the restroom before leaving because i was running late due to a meeting with my advisor about my math grades, and although i was already squirming in my chair with the urge during the meeting, i didn't want to miss my bus. So all the way home, i sat and crossed my legs tightly together, squeezed my hand down between my thighs, tried to think about algebra to keep my mind occupied... even so, i couldn't help letting a few little drops of pee escape into my panties as we got closer & closer to my stop.

As the bus seemed to crawl along letting girls out along the route, i started to worry that i wasn't going to make it all the way home without having an accident in public. If i wet myself on the bus, everyone would know when i got off because we had just changed over to our spring / summer uniforms which were a light blue plaid jumper over a white blouse, knee socks and penny loafers.

Mortified at the thought, i bit my lower lip, and tried my best to hold it. The cotton panel of my light blue panties soaked up the little droplets that kept coming ever more frequently and i was afraid that the back of my jumper might give me away so when i got to my stop, i stood up and quickly wrapped my sweater around my waist, grabbed my backpack and hurried off the bus, saying a quick goodbye to my friends as i passed them and ignoring the mean girls who sat at the front making rude comments about the rest of us.

Honestly, i definitely didn't care what they were saying at that point, i just wanted to get off that bus and get home in a hurry because now i really needed to pee badly.

Only two of us got off at my stop, and the other girl went off in the opposite direction towards her house pretty quickly with a wave and a quick "See you tomorrow !".

It might have been my imagination, but it looked to me like she was in almost as bad a state as i was.

Anyhow, i went around the corner & headed up the block towards my house, trying not to be too obvious with my peepee dancing as i fumbled around in my backpack for my keys without much success. By the time i found them, i had given up all hope of being discreet and was squirming, squeezing my legs together, bending over as i tried desperately to hold back the flood and get the key in the lock & the door open. As i pushed the door open & got inside, i felt a quick squirt dampen the crotch of my schoolgirl panties, but with a mega effort i was able to stop the flow .

I dropped my backpack on the floor of the entryway, pulled the sweater from around my waist & threw it on top of my pack, yanked my pennyloafers off my feet. Luckily, my older sister wasn't home, in fact, i was all alone in the house.

I started running for the bathroom which was so tantalizingly close, but had to stop mid-stride and hop in place a few times, doubled over and struggling to keep from wetting myself. Another squirt, my panties were definitely going to have to be changed now. "Ohmigosh..." i kept saying over and over to myself.

I started hurrying for the bathroom again, barely able to contain myself, but my feet slipped on the polished hardwood floor and i fell down hard on my bottom. Well, that was the final straw, i couldn't hold out anymore, and i started peeing in my panties as i sat there on the floor, tears of humiliation mixed with relief flowing down my cheeks as the warm flood soaked my undies and formed a rather large puddle beneath me on the floor.

It felt so good to finally let it come out after holding it for so long, a feeling i had never really experienced before.

I put my hand down between my legs and started rubbing myself through my pee-soaked panties and eventually had my first orgasm sitting on the floor in a puddle of my own pee.

*003*2013-03-08 19:54

I really wasn't into wearing the uniform all that much until i started getting into manga & anime, then it became ok to me because i thought i looked like those girls. :)

Thanks for your comments !

*005*2013-03-09 23:13

Kari, when you have to wear a uniform to school every day, you have multiples of skirts, blouses, even the dreaded jumper. 

Anything else would be kind of...well, skanky. :)

Thanks for checking out my post !

*007*2013-04-15 18:55

{{ 

Oh, Frosty, that's so cute :) ! I haven't had uniform in school since I left France. In Sweden no schools have uniforms :( How old were you when this happened? You must have looked so cute! Sitting on the floor and wetting yourself in your school uniform :wub: !

}}

J'avais a peu pres 14 ans... j'etais tres jeune ... merci, ma cherie !

:)

The translation, for anyone who doesn't speak French:

"i was about 14... still very young... thanks, dear !"


