Girl Scouts, and Wettings, and Bears -- Oh My!

Author: ellemenopee

*000*2012-09-21 00:08

So, I sort of love writing these stories. It's an addiction. I give up. Don't judge me. Scroll down to the ALL CAPS for desperation/wetting. This story'll be a little different since it'll include some super awesome action elements! I hope. I guess we'll see. Hope it's not too long! I got a little carried away. Enjoy! =D

###

A little background first. I'm a girl scout. Have been since I was five, the whole shebang--badges, cookies, camp outs, obscene songs, pigtails--everything. I'm pretty indifferent about it now, but when I was younger, it was almost virtually my whole life. As I got older, this manifested itself in summer girl scout camps. I started attending when I was seven, started volunteering and fifteen, and at eighteen, I started working at the camps. It basically meant three months in the summer living in the woods, making friends (usually lesbian friends...I think they knew I was bi before I did, but that's a different story), and eating an inappropriate amount of s'mores. I loved it. Most of the time.

My first several years at camp, I was both cripplingly shy, and afraid of the dark. We slept out in tents or little open air cabins, about six girls to a 'room', out in the woods. The bathrooms/outhouses were never more than about ten or twenty yards from the tents, especially for the younger girls, and were always well lit, but between the safe comfort of your sleeping bag and the bathroom was what felt like miles of dark forest, hidden animals, and tree branches that *probably* wanted to kill you. Combine this with an already embarrassing fear of the dark, and a massive group of six-year-olds spending their first nights away from Mommy and Daddy, you pretty much had a set recipe for a whole lot of bedwettings.

Not so with me, as it turned out. I was shy, but I was very independent. I slept every night through camp, and was only rarely homesick. I was the girl that other girls went to when they were sad, and if someone had to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, I'd go with them. That's a rule we have at camps for the younger girls--it's not so much a concern that they'll get lost or hurt (though with sleepwalking six-year-olds, it's a distinct possibility). It's more that we know it's scary to walk around in the woods at night by yourself. So we ask the girls to wake up a 'buddy' to go to the bathroom at night. It works well enough--half the time, it turns into a sleepover, with ten girls going to the bathroom to giggle about the cute English 18-year-old here on his summer break, which is obnoxious at 2 am, but better than waking up to a little girl's wet pjs in the morning.

For me, always a light sleeper, and quiet to a fault, though, I'd wake up bursting to go, completely unwilling to wake up anyone, and too afraid to go outside. This particular time, I was fourteen.

One other thing you should know about me: If I was a superhero, my power would be empathy. I am not at all a sympathetic person, but I empathize to the point where, if I walk into a room with someone who has a headache, I'll start feeling sick ten minutes later. I just can't deal with people in pain. It's a blessing and a curse.

Anyway. On to the fun.

###

I woke up around 2am, at first uncertain as to why. I quickly felt the prickle of desperation in my bladder, and had to swallow a groan. If I fell back asleep quickly, I might be able to make it 'til morning, but even rolling over reminded me of how full my bladder was. I was just folding my legs together, when I realized what--aside from the mild desperation--had woken me. From the other side of my tent, full of other would-be high school freshmen girls, I heard someone crying. The need to pee left me almost immediately.

"Um...are you okay?" I whispered into the darkness.

"No," the teary answer came back, and I sat up, ignoring the feeling of my bladder shifting inside me.

"What's wrong?"

"Stomach," was all she answered, and I realized it was a close friend of mine, one I'd met the year before at the same camp. I was about to ask her if I could do anything, when she started whimpering. "Izzy..."

"Okay, okay," I said, already reaching down to pull on my boots and grab my flashlight. The act of leaning over put undue pressure on my bladder, but at this point, I was worried enough about my friend (we'll say her name was Toni) that I could ignore it.

I waddled over and helped her get her shoes on (by this point, she was just hunched over and crying, so it took a while) and then helped her out and down to the tent of counselors--who I now realize were a bunch of girls just out of college, if that, and trying to get some sleep. It's almost funny in retrospect. Then, not so much.

I was still very, very shy, and loathe to wake up the grown-ups in the middle of the night, but somehow, it felt justifiable with this crying girl leaning on me.

"Um...? Hello? Excuse me? Can you help us please?" There was no answer, and Toni whimpered and sank a little lower, dragging me down with her. My bladder gave a twinge--it was not enjoying carrying the weight of two people, so I said louder, "Hey...um...we need help. Toni's sick."

Between her crying, and my shout-whispering, we eventually got a counselor (Sam, we'll say) up, who took one look at Toni and sleepily declared, "We're taking you to the nurse."

Another rule at camp is not having adults alone with minors. This is for legal reasons--if something happens to a kid, and there's only one person around to see it, things could get sticky, so it's always two adults and one kid, or two kids and one adult. And since I was already up, I was that adult. Really, I just wanted to pee and go to bed--the urge had risen, and I wasn't quite wiggling yet, but I definitely needed some relief--but with Toni crying, there wasn't much I could do.

We started the walk--only about five minutes during the day, but ten minutes between the dark, and Toni having to stop to clutch her stomach (which also gave me a chance to squeeze as needed)--down to the nurse, and here is where I now realize Sam made her big mistake. In her haste to get Toni to the nurse, she'd forgotten her flashlight. Toni was too out of it to bring hers, so I used mine for all three of us, simultaneously trying to sing to Toni to take her mind of her stomach, and forget how badly I needed to pee. I wasn't paying attention to anything around us, so much as putting one foot in front of the other.

I heard the rustling in the bushes behind hus, but just assumed it was the wind. Again, afraid as I was of the dark, letting my imagination run off with itself was not going to help the situation--or my straining bladder.

I was just moving onto a song about prunes when Sam suddenly snatched my flashlight from my hands and shone it into the trees to our immediate left. Whatever I had been about to protest died on my tongue as all three of use stared at a large black bear about ten feet from us.

DESPERATION HERE!

Sam said, "Run, girls!" (Which you are not supposed to do, by the way, but you are also not supposed to have seriously ill little kids on your hands with a bear in tow, either) and Toni and I took off toward the nearest building--conveniently, a bathroom.

It was only a few seconds run, and the bear didn't follow at all, but by the time we got there, I could feel my bladder absolutely screaming for release. Somewhere between the running, and, you know, the bear, my desperation had gone from managable to bursting. Again, fortunately, we were in the bathroom, and it was the middle of the night, so no one was about (save Toni and Sam, who looked quite shaken). I wanted to say something to both of them, because Toni was still crying and hunched over, and Sam looked like she'd bitten off far more than she could chew (she was, at the time, 21, taking care of two kids, one of whom was sick, and both had just fled a bear. She was under some stress), but I really, really had to pee. I had to clench all my muscles to help me hold while I started to untangle myself from Toni's grip--when Sam suddenly turned toward me.

"Izzy. I don't have a radio. I'm going to go get one, alright? Stay here with Toni."

"Uh--"

Toni made a noise that might have been, "Izzy," or "please," but didn't really sound like anything, because she was hunched over again, clutching her stomach and my arm. She dragged me down, and my bladder spasmed again. I made a desperate attempt to hold in the flood without grabbing myself, but to no avail. A sudden spurt trickled out--no more than a second, and with my dark sweats on, no spot was visible. But that instant of relief had been enough--I moaned helplessly...a sound thankfully covered by Toni's actual sounds of pain.

I glanced at the row of toilets calling me silently, then sighed and forced myself to straighten, though I kept one foot hooked in front of the other.

"Okay, Toni," I said, trying to sound un-desperate. "It's okay. She'll be right back."

As it turned out, between a minor with possible appendicitis, and two minors trapped in a bathroom with a bear outside, and no adult inside (because said adult had forgotten her radio), the whole situation proved somewhat intense, so when Sam *did* come back, it was with the camp director, the assistant camp director, the nurse, and a bullhorn--both for the bear, and for the ambulance that was slowly making its way up the mountain.

I stayed with Toni (she was still clutching my arm), but faded into the background, half asleep on my feet, half wiggling to hold in the flood that so desperately wanted out. My bladder was beginning to feel like a brick in my stomach, and I kept having to shift to keep from holding myself. I wanted to whimper under my breath--the pain wasn't bad, but the desperation was unbearable--but I was already trying not to look like I needed to go to the hospital, too. Every time Toni was double over in pain, I'd go with her, trying to coax my bladder into submission by cupping my hand under myself to ease some of the pressure.

As I've mentioned to someone else on this site, I tend to sing--loudly--when desperate, so I kept Toni walking in circles (mostly for my sake) while we sang every camp song I knew. Both of us would stop to bend over every few seconds to bend over, her to relieve the pain, and me to relieve the pressure building up in my abdomen. Eventually, everything was sorted. Toni left with the paramedics and the nurse, Sam left with the camp directors, and I was left with instructions to go back to bed.

It went from very noisy to very quiet in a matter of seconds, and I stood there in the bathroom, listening to nothing, and suddenly remembering there had been a bear outside. I wasn't scared--I knew it couldn't get inside, and with all the noise we'd just caused, it was probably long gone. But it was dark, and my heart was pounding, especially since I had to pee so bad. Finally alone, I could double over and hold myself, trying to buy the few seconds it would take to get to the toilet and pull my pants down. The leak from before had nearly dried, but the memory of relief was stil fresh, and knowing I was seconds away from relief, my bladder gave a spasm so powerful, I nearly had to sit down to keep everything in.

I turned and started shuffling toward the toilet--when something (a raccoon, I would later learn) ran across the roof of the bathroom.

It was too much. Between the closeness of the toilet, and my level of desperation, and my fear of the dark, and my concern for Toni, the flood walls came down, and I stood there, two feet from relief, peeing forcefully into my hands. I tried to hold it back, but my body wouldn't let me. It had felt the relief and was reveling in it. Urine forced its way from around and between my fingers as I tried desperately to stop long enough to get to the toilet, but it was no use. The relief was incredible, and even as I tried to hold, my body emptied itself to the last drop.

I stood for another minute after my forceful pee, dripping and shaking with exertion. Standing in a surprisingly large puddle (I'd had no idea how badly I'd had to go until I was peeing--there was quite a bit in me), I was tired after the hold, and tired after being woken up and dragged about the woods in the middle of the night. But I also didn't want to go back to sleep wet--after sending a girl to the hospital, I doubted anyone would want to deal with the fear wetting from a fourteen-year-old--so I pulled off my shirt and jacket and took a shower in my pants before hanging them up to dry and grabbing my towel from the line. I made it back to bed, put on some new clothes, and passed out until morning--when I had to pee again, but not quite as desperately. Fortunately, this also gave me time to put away my still-drying pants, so that by the time the other girls woke up, no one was the wiser--though somehow, they all knew about the bear.

Since Toni was still at the hospital, I was the celebrity for a day, and had experienced my first fear-wetting on top of it. Win-win.

Fin.

[And Toni was fine, by the way. Early-onset acid reflux + ulcer = unhappy tummy.]

*004*2012-09-21 01:04

{{:

I am also a Girl Scout! I actually just worked at a camp this previous summer, as well as most of my summers when I was in high school (I'm a senior in college now). Unfortunately, all the desperation I encountered when I was working all originated from the campers, so it would sound a bit pedophiliac to describe them here.... Heh.

Anyway, great story!! I'm lucky I'm in a part of the country that doesn't have bears!

}}

Awww, there harmless. Cute, really. Just also not something to meet in the middle of the night on your way to the bathroom by yourself. =p

{{:

Metal

}}

...um. You too?

{{:

Fantastic story! And if I may say seriously, impressive job under all the duress you had to deal with helping out.

Did feel bad for the kid suffering and HOLYSHIT!! thoughts at running into a bear.

}}

Thanks! And thanks -- great training for being a counselor, as it turns out.

And, yeah, I felt bad for her, too. =/ Probably wouldn't have held out as long as I did otherwise.

*008*2012-09-21 03:47

{{:

Another great story, Izzy! I love the way you write--I can't always get into a long story, but yours that I've read so far, draw me in from the start and keep me to the end :)

What a difficult night you all had--wow! I can't say I've ever dealt with a bear myself...and I'm not sure I could bear the thought of ever having to :p

}}

Thanks so much! That's probably the best compliment ever, because I always worry my stories go on for ages too long. So thanks!

ALSO: HA. Bearpuns.

{{:

Great story! I loved your description of everything. It sounds like it was a great experience. While I'm glad you completely wet yourself for your first fear-wetting, I'm also glad you were alone at the time and were able to keep it a secret. Definitely win-win :)

}}

I thought so. =) Thanks for the encouragement.

*011*2012-09-21 09:38

{{:

This is exactly why I will never go camping again.

}}

Nah, just be sure to use the bathroom BEFORE bed. =p

{{:

Amazing Story Hunny....very well written and very enjoyable to read :)

}}

Thank you so much! That means a lot coming from you. Thanks for reading!

*013*2012-09-21 10:03

=O Have *YOU* read your stories?? Because everyone else has. I'm pretty sure I'm, like, your biggest fan.

*019*2012-09-21 19:20

{{:

Thanks hunny....its nice to know my stories are appreciated and loved....glad you enjoy them so much :) xx

}}

Of course! If we haven't let you know how great a writer you are so far, then we have *failed* as a people! =p

{{:

Well done sweetie! :D I loved it so much - I loved the detail you put into it :) x

}}

=D Thanks so much for reading/reviewing! I appreciate it!

{{:

Another excellent read Izzy! Love the singing too ;)

}}

Haha, of course. Stickin' to my roots. Thanks for the read. =)

{{:

It's not the wetting part i'm concerned about, it's running into bears, i'd really rather not take the risk of being devoured.

}}

Nah, black bears don't eat people. Usually.

{{:

Incredible story :) How you managed not to wet yourself right when you saw the bear is beyond me though!

Thank you for sharing, and telling it so well.

}}

It's a mystery yet to be solved. Thanks for reading and your kind words! You're all making me blush!

*023*2012-09-22 00:03

{{:

Really good Izzy, I enjoyed reading it very much!

}}

Thank you! And thanks so much for reading. =)

{{:

So incredibly well written, I just could'nt stop reading :)

}}

Such a huge compliment, I'm always worried I babble on too long. Thanks!

{{:

I have never gone camping in my life. partly because being an undiagnosed diabetic for a year and a half did a job on my bladder, I'm adiabetic, and I'm scared of bugs

}}

Ah. Yes. All of those things would make camping difficult. Bugs are THE WORST.

