A popular omorashi scenario reversed!

Author: Kimiko3

*000*2013-02-24 11:11

Hello everyone!

I know many of you love reading about what John and I do on certain evenings, and this time we're doing it slightly differently. We're going to write about our experience together, so you can see both our styles.

A really obvious omorashi scenario that we (and probably many of you!) have played with is the sexy schoolgirl who needs to pee but her sadistic teacher won't let her go. But variety is the spice of life, and we wanted to try something different - what if the teacher was the one desperate to pee, but she couldn't go to the bathroom because she had to keep a misbehaving student in detention? I got really excited about this idea, because I love roleplaying dignified women being forced to soil themselves by someone less powerful than them. So we did this role play! I hope you enjoy it a fraction of how much we did, because we had a lot of fun!

I'm going to let John describe me, because I feel kind of vain writing about how sexy everyone thinks I am. And I'm not going to describe John because it might give you nightmares. :p

*002*2013-02-24 11:45

John, I'm flattered that you gave me such a good description when I'd just insulted you! ^_^

The role play begins. John is sitting behing his desk, dressed in a dirty T-shirt and jeans and looking bored. I am standing behind my desk, with my laptop on it, and am looking sexy. I'm currently at about 750 on my desperation scale, the level where I'd usually ask to use the bathroom. Before starting the role play I drank loads - and I mean LOADS - of green tea to get my kidneys going. Unfortunately this kind of backfires and I get really desperate really quickly! But I can just drink less next time, because I've discovered the secret of quick, painful desperation!

John speaks first, out of character.

"Kimiko, do you think a teacher would really wear a geeky T-shirt like that?"

I stand up straight. I don't like it when people doubt the suitability of my nerdy habits.

"I teach computer science. I can be as geeky as I want."

"But-"

"Quiet, John!" I say, entering character. "I don't like to hear students answering back."

John looks down at his desk. I walk round him, walking as sexily as I can, and put some paper in front of him.

"You never pay attention in my lessons. Since you don't seem to think I'm worth listening to, I suppose you think you know everything already. Well, I'm going to put that to the test. I want you to write everything you know about how computers work. If you complete your essay to my satisfaction, I shall let you go."

He looks up.

"And what if I don't?"

"Then you will stay here until you do. And I, being a good teacher, will give up my time to explain to you anything you neglected to listen to in class."

I put some paper in front of him.

"I'm going back to my desk. When you think you've finished, raise your hand."

I walk back to my desk, flexing my backside, and sit down on my chair. I turn on my laptop, boot Windows( ) and launch Starcraft 2. Even in kinky roleplays, there's still time for gaming! ^_^ I'm so geeky...it's a miracle I got married... -_-

*004*2013-02-24 13:30

As you can see, John and I get quite vicious when we trade insults! It's part of what makes our relationship so interesting.

As the powerful female I'm trying to squirm as little as I possibly can. I can't let this brute know I'm desperate. But sometimes I have to just apply a little pressure to my skirt so it doesn't get too painful! On my desperation scale I'm over 900 now, and it won't be long before I have to start moving if I don't want to be pee dancing on the spot!

"Enough! Sit down and finish your essay."

John slumps back into his chair and picks up his pen. I start pacing around the classroom so I'm constantly moving and don't have to hold my skirt or show any other signs of obvious desperation. As I pass by John I check what he's writing. It's correct. I've taught him well in the years we've been together! I enjoy the feelings of power as I look down on him, but also the feelings of desperation as I feel the pressure in my bladder growing and growing and growing! Maybe I shouldn't have drunk quite so much green tea - the desperation's building a little fast for my liking! I resist the urge to squirm and pee dance to maintain my dignity.

This goes on for a long time as I pace around, thinking about work (how many other girls think about work when they're supposed to be thinking about sex? ), manga and of course my bladder! I stop by John to watch him writing and cross my legs. The desperation soon becomes too strong to avoid holding myself, so I bounce once on my legs and then start walking again! I notice John smiling sadistically. Does he know something I don't? Why am I getting so desperate so quickly? I normally have superb bladder control! (If only... -_- ) But I need to stay until John finishes his essay. I'm an educated adult woman - I'm hardly going to wet myself! But as time goes on and desperation grows, I start getting a little worried. How long is John going to take? And I am getting very desperate very quickly...

I cross my legs and lay my hands over the front of my skirt, applying gentle pressure without being too obvious.

"John, are you nearly finished?"

"No, teacher."

"Do you want some help?"

"I'd appreciate it, teacher."

I walk over to him and stop.

"What help do you need?"

"I'd just like you to look over what I've done so far and make any correction you want, if that isn't too much trouble."

I read through what he's written. As I do, the desperation grows and grows until I have to...

I start stroking my skirt with my hands and bending over a little.

"Teacher, are you alright? You look very uncomfortable."

"I'm fine. I'm just a little uncomfortable in my new skirt."

"That skirt must be lined with itching powder. You can take it off if it's irritating you too much."

I slap John round his big, hairy face.

"You filthy wretch! Just because I'm physically attractive, you make me into a sex object. Well, you're not in one of your perverted fantasies now. I'm not stripping for you."

"Then why did you wear such a short skirt?"

"I wear a skirt because I like feeling a breeze round my genitals, not because I want perverts like you looking up it. You have no idea how sweaty I get when I have to wear trousers."

"That's...interesting."

"I just made a Kimiko slip, didn't I?"

A Kimiko slip is when I (or anyone else we know) accidentally say something inappropriate because of Asperger syndrome. I still make them sometimes.

"You did."

"Never mind. The point is, I like wearing skirts, and that's no excuse for men to be perverse around me."

"Tell that to the men at the manga store. It's amazing how many of them suddenly drop some money or need to tie their shoelaces."

"Are we role playing here or not?"

"We are. So what do you think?"

I'm getting really desperate now, and I'm rolling my hips and pushing into my skirt. Why am I so desperate? I don't know. The essay is good. Maybe I should just let him go, so I can go to the bathroom...

"It's good. Very good. Actually, you can go."

"Eager to get out of that skirt, are you?"

"No! I'm showing mercy."

"Actually, teacher, I've realised the error of my ways. I'm going to stay and complete this essay to A-grade standard."

Shock shoots through me. I can't order him to go when he wants to work more, but I'm not sure how much longer I can hold all my pee back!

"Be quick. I'd like to go home."

"It may take me some time, teacher."

"Then be as quick as you can."

I walk back to my desk and try to sit down, but the desperation is too strong, and I have to pace up and down, occasionally stopping to press on my skirt. John keeps on writing with no sign of stopping. I breathe deeply and tell myself: "I am an educated, dignified woman. I will not disgrace myself. I am an educated, dignified woman. I will not disgrace myself..." But time goes on and on, and desperation grows and grows...

Then the pee spasms hit.

Any other young ladies who like holding their pee will know that at an advanced stage of desperation the pain oscillates between moments so painful you feel you're about to flood your panties and periods when it's much easier to control. The first of these moments makes me bend over and whimper in pain. I stuff my skirt into my genitals and closed my eyes.

I hear the words from John.

"Teacher, do you need to use the bathroom?"

There's no point denying it.

"Yes, John, I do. And I'm making a great sacrifice by holding it here while you finish. So please hurry up, or you'll be paying my laundry bill."

"Are you suggesting that you might...wet yourself?"

"Of course I am!" I snap at him. "What do you think's going to happen if you make me wait around here for hours? Is my urge going to magically disappear through sheer determination?"

He slips into his "educated pervert" character.

"I've always found the thought of an educated female professional struggling to control her basest needs very...arousing."

I stand up in rage, then immediately bend over and moan in pain as another huge urge shoots through me. My bladder is aching under my still pristine panties.

"You vile pervert! Get out! Now!"

"I only said I liked it in an abstract sense. I didn't say that I wanted such a fate to befall you, teacher."

"I don't care! Get out!"

"As you wish." He stands up.

Now, over to John!

*006*2013-02-24 14:18

I'm helpless and humiliated. Now I'm going to have sex with my disobedient pupil...I close my eyes and breathe deeply as John reaches under my wet skirt and slips my filthy panties down to my knees. His fingers feel through my pubic hair and start playing through my already wet genitals. He's going for my G-spot...I know women don't have to orgasm during sex. It's my only way to maintain some dignity. I'll have sex with him, but he will not make me come. He will not make me come...I try to repeat that as he finds my G-spot, but I already know it's useless to resist. I'm going to come, whether I like it or not. I whimper as the pleasure begins to overwhelm me. My legs start shaking, then...

It hits me. I squeal in ecstasy and collapse to the floor, with my sodden panties around my knees. The pleasure pulsing through me is beyond ecstatic. I lie back helplessly as John strips off his trousers, wet with my pee, his shirt and his boxers, revealing his penis. He dives on me and thrusts into me. This time I don't resist, and come again. John comes too, and shoots semen up my vagina. (I don't get pregnant thanks to the contraceptive pills John gets me - much more convenient than condoms!) Then he rolls next to me and we kiss, because we love each other really. He pulls off my soiled skirt and T-shirt and puts all the soiled clothes to soak in buckets overnight. Then we go for a shower and clean up the mess!

I hope you enjoyed reading about our evening. Please leave comments and reviews for us, we love hearing from you!

*014*2013-02-25 16:58

So many other Aspies here! Maybe we should make a thread where we can share funny stories - I've got loads!

John describes our relationship so well. We weren't very romantic when we were dating, but look where it got us!

*018*2013-02-27 16:54

{{ 

Very nice way to convey the experience, and though my case is mild, I understand where Kimiko comes from having Aspergers.

You two are a welcome sight in my life for two reasons.

1. The stories you share are incredibly hot, and fun to read.

2. If someone as allegedly plain (your words, not mine) as John can have such a healthy, loving marriage to someone as wonderful as Kii-chan, there may be hope for my love-life yet.

}}

"Plain" is a compliment to John! He looks like a big hairy brute. But I'm attracted to him because he's mature, responsible, hilariously funny, patient with me and our children, hard-working, loving and highly intelligent (he speaks 5 languages and is learning Korean too!). If you're all those things, then you'll impress ladies a lot.

Lots of other Aspies, but am I the only woman? I read that 1 in 4 people with Asperger's were female, but I haven't heard from any here.

