Found the wet panty evidence

Author: jtlovespee

*000*2011-09-16 23:04

This happened a couple years ago when I was over my friend Beth's house. We were both 18 at the time and had just graduated high school.

Beth was a beautiful girl. We had been friends since middle school and had a lot of great fun together. By 18, Beth was about 5'5'', long brown hair, great fit body. She had run track in high school and had kept in great shape.

We decided we were going to spend the day outdoors in her huge backyard. So after about an hour of looking at bugs and enjoying the weather, we ended up on the trampoline.

So we start jumping and challenging each other to do certain flips and tricks. Now beth had on tight spandex shorts. Not a hint of underwear line because she always wore a thong. I saw it poke out a few times when she did her flips. It was white with little smiley faces. I couldn't help being attracted to her even though we were such good friends. That perfect butt in her tight fitting spandex just drove me wild.

So we keep jumping and eventually Beth tells me she has to pee, but she is having too much fun and doesn't want to walk all the way back to her house. I told her to just hold it and we would go in soon because it was getting dark.

So about 20 minutes go by and our tricks were getting more elaborate. We were starting to help each other out to try to get big air and triple turns. For one flip I had to get behind her and lift her up before she'd fall and bounce. So we practiced it a few times. The third time around I decided I'd try my luck. Instead of lifting her up, I reached around and started tickling her. She was caught completely off guard. At first she jumped and started laughing, then stopped suddenly and said Joe Stop I gotta pee right now. She ran to the other side of the trampoline and stood there for a second looking puzzled.

I stood there wondering if some had come out. I didn't dare ask. She finally said Joe let's go in so I can pee, it's getting dark.

As we were walking across the huge yard to her house, I was trying to see if there was a wet spot at all on her black spandex shorts, but the sun going down and the color of them didn't allow me to see. When we got to the house she said that she was going to go change in the bathroom and she'd be out in a few minutes then we could watch a movie or something. I said ok... with a plan in mind.

She went into the bathroom with a pair of sweatpants and I could make out a pair of pink panties, this time bikini style. I started thinking to myself, who would she need to change her underwear...unless...

After about five minutes Beth came out of the bathroom. in her new outfit. I said "feel better" she said "much!" As we were talking I realized she didn't have her spandex shorts or white thong in her hands. She must've left them in the bathroom!

"Beth, all this talk of pee, no I have to go! Can I use your bathroom?" I say. Sure go ahead, I'll pick out a movie, she says.

I get up and my heart is racing. Did she pee in that little white thong?

I get into the bathroom and close the door. I see the hamper closed in the corner. I make a bee-line to it. Open it up. First on top I see the spandex shorts. I take them out to examine the crotch. Sure enough there is a wet spot about the size of an apple. I almost fell over. I then look down to see her thong. I pick it up. How cute it was, very teenage. White cotton with smileys looking at me. I carefully examine it. The area where her little mound sat was a tinge of yellow and wet. I almost lost it right then and there. I heard her walk by the door and got startled so I threw both items back in the hamper, peed, washed my hands and went out to watch the movie.

Even in baggy sweatpants this girl looked great. Unbelievable! So we're sitting there and I decide I would probe a bit.

"Beth, when we were out there on the trampoline and I tickled you, you gave me a strange look. We're you ok?" She says, "Yea I was fine I just really had to pee."

"Oh I see, I thought maybe some had come out. Sucks when that happens." Now I waited to see her reaction.

She looked at me quickly and smiled a bit. She said well you got me!

Really? Yep. As soon as you tickled me It just started coming out and before I knew it my underwear was wet. The look I gave you was because I was so startled that I had peed my pants. I'd hope because I had black on you wouldn't see it.

I told her I didn't see anything and these things happen to everyone. She just smiled again and said it happens to her more than she'd like.

That was the beginning of a new era of our friendship...

