Teammate's accident

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2013-10-19 10:01

Sara´s accident

I´ve been like ants in my pants a long time. But now I can share this story and pics with you. Excuse me, if my english is not perfect.

Sara is a passer in our amateur, county level, volley ball team. I am the one who is taking serves up. That´s because we are shortests two in our team. We don´t reach over the top line of the net :). If someone would have told me earlier that one of my girlfriends or teammates will pee her pants, I wouldn´t have believed it. And if someone, Sara would have been almost last in my mind. She is always so careful and sensible. Very accurate girl. And one of the last ones who demands pee break, when we travel together. But you never know for sure.

Week after the last game of the season we went to the outside concert with the rest of our team. We wanted to increase our team spirit, meet some people and relax ourselves all together. It was Saturday afternoon and before that concert we had drunken few sodas or beers at the bar terrace in the middle of the day. I had used toilet there, but some of us didn´t. Surprise, surprise... there was only a few port-a-potties on the party field and they were quite stinky and dirty. None of us just couldn´t pee in those boxes on the edge of the field. That was the biggest reason we had to leave before the last band stopped their playing. We couldn´t relieve ourselves next to those potties either (like all the guys and some very drunken girls did).

After the local music happening some of us left home and some of us went to pub near the town center. Sara said she had a head ache and she didn´t feel well. I knew what was the real problem. She lives far from center. Pub and buses which were heading to her place were almost opposite direction from my place. Lucky me, my place was much closer than town center. Sara was very desperate to pee. A lot more than others this time. She hadn´t mentioned it yet, but I had noticed it (of course). She had danced on the spot and moved her legs back and forth whole time when we were listening those bands on the field. I asked Sara if she´d like to visit my home first. She was standing impatiently and legs crossed. She definitely wanted to walk straight to my place and that wasn´t big surprise for me. Soon she admitted that we really should hurry because she was totally bursting and never been so desperate to pee. I love your pee dancing Sara! It was so funny!

So we left. I was desperate too, but I knew that I will manage home easily. I also knew there was nothing but private houses, school, nursery and weekend closed company houses on our way. Situation was likely same on the other (center) direction. Hard to find any silent and confident place to pee. Suddenly Sara stopped. She was silently standing knees tight together and leaked a little. Or that´s what she said after her stop. Then she passed me and almost ran again. I have to say, I wasn´t so hurry at all. I tried to take photos while she was ahead of me. There weren´t any visible marks in her jeans as you can see in first pic. She noticed my cell phone. After that she tried to avoid her desperation moves and cover her nice little bum with her hands every time I was shooting at her. After that second photo my cell phone beebed... Battery was nearly empty! Damn, I couldn´t shoot her any more. Concert photos and videos had been too much.

It wasn´t easy to undress pants then and there. On our way Sara tried to relieve herself once on a sideway and once at the little grassy park next to the road. There weren´t too much people on the street, but some young males were walking nearby both times and she couldn´t help herself. Soon after those two attempts Sara leaked again. This time it was worse and visible. She admitted that she couldn´t hold her pee any more and she would wet her pants quite sure before we´ll reach my toilet. She leaked again and again. She tried to cover her soaking blue jeans with her bag. Embarrassed Sara wasn´t too happy because summer evening was light here north and wet spots were huge in front and back of her jeans. Even though there weren´t much crowd they all were either watching, shouting or whistling at her.

First thing I did when we arrived home was that I took my second (work) cell phone. I was lucky it was alive. I secretly took some pics in my porch while Sara tried to unlock her belt and take of her wet shoes and socks. Pee still dribbled on my porch floor plastic mat. Sara was so sorry about all that mess and wondering why I wasn´t mad at her... on the contrary. In the last pic lies her wet jeans and (you say unfortunately) black cotton undies on my living room carpet, where she left them while she was showering. In some reason Sara was very hurry to use my bathroom! But omg... on my carpet! Pee wet clothes! Come on... :) I had to collect them up before my whole carpet was yellowish.

We decided to wash and dry her clothes immediately. She called her boyfriend and told him that she had a little "accident". She stayed over night in my place wearing my college pants. Sara was still wondering and even confused about my interest. I have to told her that I enjoy situations like that. I like men and I have boyfriend too, but I´m interested in only female wettings and humiliation. That´s how I feel me more feminine and more woman than those little screaming peegirls. Well... Sara was very calm whole time. No cry or screaming, but great occasion however. It was second time in my adult life I was witnessing someone wet herself, but first time it was someone I know. It is not rare to see desperate girls when hanging on with other girls. I have even tickled them and tried to do things I got them wet themselves. No luck till now when it came on the silver plate. Sara did it. Never happens again I think.

She got her good old favourite jeans back on her in the morning. Just before when her amused boyfriend came and drove her home. Only her shoes were still little damp.

Sara is not her real name. Our training sessions started again and I saw her after a long time. She laughed when she saw these photos first time after her accident. I didn´t want to write or show anything here before I ask her. After short thinking she said I can show these to my friends in the net, because all her friends and teammates already knows what happened to her that day. Her hairstyle and outfit is also different these days. "Sara" is not shy girl at all, but she wished her face won´t be seen in any case. I had to remove one "standing almost naked on my carpet" picture.

*015*2016-12-05 11:37

{{ 

On 3.12.2016 at 0:40 AM, jodiemay said:

HOT!! although I wud have helped her shower.... and stole her panties

}}

Nice to see so many have enjoyd my "once in a life time" experience. It still feels like it was yesterday. After so many years.

It would have been little too crazy if her wet panties would have disappeared mystically :)

I remember that I asked her if she can borrow my clothes and leave my place by taxi straight after her shower. We are same sized however and I would have done her laundry later. But this was cheaper way. And easier. We were both quite exhausted. Oh how calm she was, not out in the public, but in my place. Even when she called her boyfriend. I would be ever in circumstances like that.

MMM

*017*2016-12-09 16:14

{{ 

On 6.12.2016 at 11:37 PM, nc_dude said:

That is very hot! You are soooooo lucky. Does it ever come up in casual conversation these days?

}}

Not any more. I don't know if anyone else even remember that. Other teammates just heard about that.

Our team is like close-knit family. Sara told about them herself. Maybe she thought I would have done it anyway. There was no talk behind her back that way. We discussed about accident once or twice in the locker room all together. That caused joking and playful teasing like "Have you already used bath room, its a long trip home!?" or "You shouldnt drink so much, Sara!" or "It is my car, where is your plastic bag, Sara!?" That continued only few times during first 6-8 months after our conversations. Sara just laughed or smiled at them. She never talked more. Maybe she was little embarrassed however and thought they finally forget the whole thing. Like happened.

