My Cousin

Author: mistyomo

*000*2016-02-11 12:26

Okay so I realized I needed to post more. I searched the back of my mind and remembered this!

This was several years ago and a bit fuzzy but here we go....

###

I was spending the night with my cousins. I slept in a room with one of my blood cousins, and her two step-sisters. This pertains to one of the step-sisters, Cheyenne. We called her Shy.

Shy is a dark-skinned 12 year old. She's really energetic. Occasionally, she's so energetic that she wears herself out to the point of just falling asleep - forgetting to use the restroom. Well this was one of those times.

We all played all day long. Inside, outside, and we also went to a few stores with her dad. It was a full day, and it was bed time for her. Well I didn't have a bed time so I just walked around for a bit til I realized it was no longer fun without them. I went to their room and laid down, not sleepy in the least. I notice one of the 3 girls is moving an awful lot. I turn over to see Shy curled up in a corner, but I didn't think much of it.

A few moments later, she got on her knees, with her head on the ground and her butt on her feet. She was wearing very short shorts. Noticing that position could never be comfortable, I prompted to poke her in a hope that she would turn over so I could cover her up. Before I reached over, I heard a familiar sound. A slight hissing. My face was inches from her butt when I started seeing them darken. It drove me crazy to think I was in the same room as her while this was happening. I watched and bit my lip as she completely soaked her shorts and her feet. After she finished, there was a small sigh of relief that came from her. I looked in awe for a moment, admiring the huge mess she had made. Then I snapped out of it, it would've been wrong for me to do anything to her.

I climbed out of bed and went to the bathroom where I masturbated to orgasm, constantly thinking about what I had seen. I came back to find she was surprisingly still in the same spot. Since I was spent from my orgasm, I laid across from her, looking at the mess as I fell asleep.

###

I know this might sound weird but I was only 13 myself! I hope someone enjoys this story as much as I enjoyed watching her.

*002*2016-02-11 12:46

Aha thank you! ^^

She was so crazy! I was surprised she ever remembered to use the bathroom...

And yes it is normal but people seem to react a lot more when it comes to underage individuals o.o

*004*2016-02-11 13:09

Oh I didn't mean here o: I haven't seen criticism about age here. People on this site seem pretty open about almost anything ^.^

Well at the risk of self incrimination, I don't mind content of those under 10 years old...besides, that's where bedwetting is most common! If it contains wetting, imo, its worth a post :D

I'm from America, specifically a state where the Age of Consent is 16 however I do believe that technically they can't do anything about kids doing stuff at a younger age. Its rather natural, especially exploration at a young age such as playing Doctor! They discourage teen sex, but encourage safe sex and give free condoms to anyone who needs them. (most of that wasn't relevant but it's been said)

*006*2016-02-11 13:20

Haha my Southern Pride doesn't allow me to consider MD a Southern state XD

And I've noticed that o: A friend of mine (cant remember which country) said their AoC was 12 and I was so surprised

*008*2016-02-11 14:04

Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, and South Carolina are really the only stats I consider Southern. Texas is its own country, and Florida is actually just a misplaced state XD

Yea I think its partially because of becoming a legal adult at age 18. If you can't make a decision about our country, you aren't old enough to make a baby. Which is partially true, I think getting pregnant as a teen is a bad idea. However there's oral sex, as well as just using your hands. Its much better with another person and you shouldn't be penalized for wanting to do that.

I guess I should also be really careful with what i say o.o i could go on and on about this

*010*2016-02-11 14:11

Haha maybe~ We are getting a bit off topic here. I will message you o:

*014*2016-02-12 01:52

{{ 

Cute story! How did Shy react to having wet after she woke up? Did the rest of you tease her? I didn't realize that you were into omo at such an early age yourself.

}}

I honestly don't remember. I think it was a recognized 'issue' between her and her family, so we didn't really say anything. Also she might have left before I woke up, since I had stayed awake so long after them.

{{ 

Just responding to say that the age of consent is 16 in the UK. TBH I had been under the impression that it was 18 in the States. Isn't it considered statutory rape, if the girl is under that age? I'm just going by an American novel I read some time ago.

(Off topic, I know, but I'm curious.)

}}

Its only statutory rape if someone over the age of consent has sexual interaction with someone under the age of consent

If both are under the age, then there isn't any kind of law there. However there wasn't any touching here so there's nothing that could be said. Also, I believe it isn't statutory rape unless there's penetration involved, otherwise it's just minor molestation (Minor as in their age, not meaning small) It differs from state-to-state, its not a federal law.

Oh and please, don't trust what you read in novels and history books~ you'd be surprised how much of it is wrong. I won't get into that though.

