Didn't Make It...

Author: Alby

*000*2014-03-11 21:29

This evening I walked upto the nearest village from my house, just to go to the shop but it is a fair walk (about 45 minutes). I hadn't been to the toilet for some time, and had had a fair few drinks before leaving.

When I left I needed to pee but it wasnt that bad, so I decided not to go. I began walking and thought that probably should have gone for a piss first. The walk there wasnt a problem but by the time I reached the shop I was bursting to pee.

I crossed my legs and subtly held my crotch when I thought no one was looking in the queue, which seemed to move slower than ever (and trust me, it's.never fast!). As I left, my bladder hurt with every step and my need to go rapidly increased. I was holding myself almost constantly now, and stopped to cross my legs every so often.

I was really desperate by this point and there was still 20 minutes until I.got home. I let a little spurt out to relieve the pressure, and thankfully managed to stop at that. My bladder was like a rock and suddenly I felt a huge urge to peee and leaked a little. I dont think it was enough to seep through to my fairly tight jeans (which were constantly pressing into my bladder and really.not helping!)

As I kept walking, I suddenly thought that I might not make it home; I stopped.and held myself tight- I couldnt pee there, the road was busy and at this time several commuters were bound to be walking back from the station (practically next to my house). With about 10 minutes to go I felt the pressure surge and leaked some more. This time the leak didnt just stop at a little spurt, more of a massive spurt and.I felt warm pee trickle down my leg. I managered to stop the flow, but I knew the wet patch would be noticeable so I took my coat off and carried in in front of my legs incase anyone walked past- thankfully it was dark though so it was unlikely anyone would notice.

The pressure on my bladder had eased alot now so Ithought I would make it home easily. How wrong I was! With a few minutes walk left I felt another sudden urge to pee, and as I stopped to cross the road, I knew it was too late. I made it across the road as my bladder started to empty itself. There was no stopping it this time. Pee ran down my legs nd completely soaked my jeans. No one was around and the feeling was amazing.

Luckily, I made it to my empty house without walking past anyone, and inspected the damage. It wasnt just a patch, but I had soaked right down my trousers.

