Her desperation, my enjoyment

Author: Cool bro

*000*2012-03-22 01:12

Instead of going over to introductions and reintroducing myself. I'm going to share.... An amazing story with you all. This happened about a year ago so I figured I should share with you all.

Now this girl, let's call her "Ashley." She goes to my high school and is a junior. She's 17 and about 5'3. She's thin, but not too thin. Shes extremely attractive. She's got a very nice body. She's got pretty nice sized C cups. She's also a track and field distance runner so she also has that nicely rounded ass. You know that perfectly round ass that has no flaws. She has straight wavy brown hair and light blue eyes. Shes the typical kind of girl though. She loves those giddy conversations with her friends and all the gossip they have to share. She often wears the colors too. On this day she wore a pink tank top, with a pink bra underneath. She also wore a short denim skirt, which was light blue. Underneath that "lol yes this is the part of the story where you all go, of course he knows" anyway under that she wore scarlet red panties. She wore white socks and pale pink shoes. Now that the description of her is over lets continue to my story.

This girl by some lucky chance is in all of my classes and me and her happen to also be pretty close friends. In fact we were hanging out after school until the late buses bring us home. (yes i know hanging out after school big deal lol), there are 9 periods in our school day each one being about 42 minutes long on average. Our classes that year went 1st period- physics, 2nd period- gym, 3rd period- chorus, 4th period- U.S studies, 5th period English, 6th period- math, 7th period- lunch, 8th period- spanish, 9th period- pyschology. But anyway to the good stuff. here's my detailed account of how the day went on.

Homeroom- period 1: it's the early morning. Everybody gets off their buses and goes to the niches to talk to their groups and hangout before 1st period decides to being. I come in first like always and beging talking some nonsense with friends, and then in she walks. Holding a coffee in one hand, with a tea in her backpack to last her through the day. It's typical her because she's never has a problem holding her per in before. Shes had some practice. So we all stand around talking, but nothing really seems to go on at this point. She peed in the morning, and all of it was only beginning.

Periods 2-6: As the time passed through the beginning of the day nothing actually interesting happened here. Until the near end of fifth period. Usually she uses the bathroom at lunch which is out 7th period. But during our fifth period English class and 6th period math class she often tends to get a bit Ansy. Anyway it's nearing the end of fifth and her fidgeting begins. She starts crossing her legs more and in our shift to 6th whenever we stand still in the hallway going to our next class she crosses her legs and uses all her urges off like no big deal.

She drinks her coffee all out in the morning and drinks the tea throughout the day. It's not 6th period and she throws out both the empty completely drunk cup of coffee and tea. She looks a lot more antsy now because of the two beverages but it's never anything she can't handle. So she sits there cross legged putting on a brave face so she doesn't have to show any signs of desperation if she ever has any. So she sits their slightly fidgeting until the bell rings sending us on our merry way to lunch.

7th period: Now how it usually goes is she eats her bought lunch and drinks her water. Talks a little bit and waits until there's about ten minutes left in the period to go pee. So typical her she waits and gets up to go, but all of a sudden there is a fire alarm. So we are all forced to go outside the school and stand around until the end of the period to go back in. She stands around outside cross legged. She comes up to me and says "ugh this is horrible." I said "why? I love fire drills they take you out of all your classes."

"no it's bad because I really have to pee, and I can't ask the strict teachers to go so now I have to wait until the end of the day!" I chuckle and say "well good luck to you." to her reply "nah I'll be fine I just hate having to pee." the bell rings and we enter for 8th period.

8th period: I realized this day that I seriously underestimated how badly she had to pee when it was lunchtime. I couldn't stop looking over at her now. It was my lucky day I never got to see Ashley desperate. The Spanish teacher begins our lecture and Ashley has her legs crossed tight, and she's leaning forward slightly. I can tell she's trying to capture every detail our Spanish teacher is trying to give us but finds increasingly hard to do so with her growing amount of desperation. I notice slowly that her legs begin to cross tighter and tighter.

Her left hand slowly creeping towards her crotch while the right hand writes what the teacher says. She never touches her crotch because she's putting on a brave face, but I see her facial expressions. Nearing the end she begins to bite her lip showing off how much effort she's using to cross her legs. Her hand touches her crotch every now and then and she looks down and sighs because she has to go bad. The bell rings and she gives a sigh of relief and mutters under her breathe, "just one more period to go."

Period 9: where the fun really begins. Me and Ashley always sit in the back during our psychology class. So we sit down and she jams her hand into her crotch and says "I've never had to pee this bad in my life." and proceeds to take her hand out and sit down in her cross legged leaning forward slightly position. As the classroom goes on I notice her hand staying on her crotch for extended periods of time. She keeps it there for a period of time and takes it out, looking over at me red in the face while I pretend not to notice so she sticks in back in. I notice her hand beginning to put more and more pressure on her crotch as the day class goes on. Her face becomes more red and she seems to become more tense. She rubs her leg with her right hand and continues writing on the paper.

Then I notice something that happens to her that I know she's never experienced. A wave of desperation. Her left jammed hand becomes accompanied by the right hand with a serious amount of pressure and her legs tense up with as much force as she could muster. I could tell this sent her nerves racking because immediately after she jolts her hand into the air and says "can I go to the bathroom it's an emergency." to my surprise the teAcher looks at the clock and takes notice of the 8 minutes left of class, and without sympathy or regret she just says "no." Ashley starts "B-B-b-but!" and the teacher just says "no." one more time and continues the lecture. I notice Ashley begin to lose face. She begins turning red more and her hand keeps its force while she attempts to write with her right hand.

Her right hand joins her left every like 20 seconds in putting the pressure on and whenever she goes to write again she massages her now bulging bladder with her right hand and continues writing. 2 minutes left of class and I see her face change as another wave jolts her unready bladder. Both hands jammed both legs crossed and she relaxes checking to make sure she didn't leak or pee herself. I ask her if she's ready to hangout soon to which her reply is, "of course, but I can't even focus on that right now I'm about to pee myself." the bell rings and she jolts up (bad move) for immediately her legs close together and she bends down as another wave of desperation hits her. I grab my stuff and follow her out.

After school: So it's finally after school and where is Ashley's first stop you ask? The bathroom. Except there's one problem there's about 10 girls outside the same bathroom waiting to use it. All of which seem to have the exact same level of desperation as Ashley minus the waves of desperation I keep noticing from Ashley. Ashley decides to wait for a bit while the urge builds. She has one hand jammed in her crotch giving a slight view of her nice small neon pink panties. She puts the other hand on it and bites her lip and her legs move together and she bends down again for another wave of desperation closing her eyes showing strain. 

She begings walking quickly downstairs to the next bathroom she hopes is open. She gets to it and exclaims "Holy fuck!" as she notices the time that says "LOCKED OUT OF ORDER." and proceeds to have another wave of desperation. Her hand in her crotch she begins pacing saying "what do I do! What can I do I HAVE TO PEE SO ... Bad. She finally gets out the last word while another wave of desperation hits her. She scurries back upstairs to the bathroom line, but she barely looks like she is gunna make it.

She keeps bending down and with every muscle she has both hands her bent closed but not crossed legs and when I was behind her even her perfect ass looked clenched trying to hold her pee back she's squinting and bitig her lip as this wave hits. She exclaims to the other girls on line "can I please cut I'm literally about to pee myself" frantically trying to keep her composure but losing control all the same. The girls reply "like we're all not about to pee our pants! I've had to pee since third period!" Ashley just gasps as she goes down and I hear a hiss for about a millisecond. She begings walking away and as she bends over in her next wave of desperation I see she squirted a tiny spot into her panties. I asked where she's going she exclaimed "DON'T TALK NOW I HAVE TO PEE." and bends over in another desperation wave where I hear another hiss go into her panties. 

This one slightly longer and I see how the spot begins to grow the slowly as she regains control. I see her destination in sight across the way. The faculty bathroom. She must have really been bursting because students are strictly never allowed to use those bathrooms. I see her gasp again and exclaim "shit!" as another hiss begins and I see the pee begin to run down her leg in a severely slow trickle. She stops it and gasps again hunched over with both hands in her crotch attempting to shuffle her way into the faculty bathroom.

"NO NOT NOW... I'm almost there no." and she is about halfway down the hallway and feels another wave. "no.... No... NO NOT NOE IM ALMOST THERE!!!" and she tries to walk a little fasted but bends down basically right outside the faculty lounge and bends over one last time and says "OH FUCK NO IM ABOUT TO-." and I hear a loud hiss begin and her hands tighten her teeth clench and then she exclaims "NO I CAN'T STOP IT WHY CAN'T I STOP IT NO NO NO!" as I see the slow trickle begin to grow in size until a flood begins she literally has a hissing singular straight stream right through her hands as she's still trying to stop it. It's just going through her hands and she keeps trying to wrap her leg around her hands and increase the pressure attempting to hold it,but nothing works.

It's just tormenting now and as small tears form in her eyes she just let's go and a steady singular stream continues hissing through her panties and hits the floor. She must've peed for about 1 and a half minutes because at this point she just gave up she lost all control. She sat there sobbing as I told her to go to the locker room where she keeps a change of clothes, sports bras sports underwear and shorts so she's go home not wet and clean. She finished peeing in the locker room and came out and said "nobody saw that but you, so please don't tell anyone!!!" I said "I won't" and her red face began to turn a normal color as we hungout for the next hour we had left and web our merry ways home. Until the next day.

Well I hope this wasn't too long for you guys I tried making it as descriptive as possible. I'm 18 and I've been into omorashi since I was like 8 without knowing why I liked girls needing to pee so much. I hope my story introduction was good enough for you guys and that reading it didn't bore you. Let me know what you think :)

*004*2012-03-22 23:36

Omojack: they are neon pink, I'm sorry I must've made a mistake in the beginning. I've got quite a few stories do I get mixed up now and then. Sorry.

I guess I've just gotten lucky really. I've seen a couple but not that many. But the ones I've seen we're quite good. I'll post more when I get around to it.

