Running water is my weakness

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-11-12 11:33

Hey guys!

I have a back log of posts but I don't like the pressure of them weighing on my mind and trying to post so I'll do them as and when,

I've missed you all! Hope you've missed me!

Anyway I was super thirsty last night, our landlady is always cold and set our central heating on a timer that makes me have to sleep with the window open! But she's sorting the bills so that's her beef I suppose!

Anyway I drank an awful amount of water, including an entire pint from a measuring jug just to show the world how thirsty I was! This was about 11:30pm

I used the toilet before going to sleep just after midnight and slept peacefully until about 6am when the pillow I was hugging fell out of bed, and I swear I heard my alarm go off! Anyway I didn't hear my alarm and got the pillow back (can't be doing without pillow hugs) and shut my eyes to get a bit more sleep but my bladder was making me fidget.

I got out of bed painfully and hurriedly went to the bathroom and peed for a couple of minutes before going back to sleepy land (lol).

My housemate then decided to announce she had early classes by slamming doors etc. Thursday and Friday I try to get a lie in but to no avail. Once she left I got a bit more sleep but I felt lazy so I got up and chatted to my bf (it's our 2 years together today) and homeanddry.

I needed a shower to I went about brushing my hair but I could not focus at all on it from my growing need! I was jiggling my legs and crossing them, sitting on my feet, anything, HaD suggested I try and hold it in the shower so I agreed, knowing it would be difficult.

I put toothpaste on my toothbrush and stripped off my pjs and got in the shower, pointed the water away from me and let it run whilst I brushed my teeth. As the water wasn't yet warm the cold water was running over my feet and my bladder was beating me up! I had to stand like a flamingo on one leg and bouncing whilst brushing my teeth.

I finished my teeth and felt a few spasms, and I whimpered as I tested the temp of the water. That did me in and I had to bend over and put both hands between my legs and use my thighs to squeeze my hands from desperation.

I gingerly moved my hands towards the shampoo bottle and then straightened up to apply shampoo to my hair. As I did this a huge spasm hit and pee shot out of me. I was shaking as I washed my hair feeling more spasms and more of my pee coming out each time.

Eventually bursts turned into streams which turned into a waterfall and I had a very relieving rest of my shower!

Hope you guys enjoyed that and sorry I could hardly wait 5 minutes homeanddry

EQ x

:)

*003*2015-11-14 21:15

{{: 

So much win in this post... You must have been fighting an almost unbeatable urge when faced with running water, great work.

}}

Haha thank you! Love a good shower struggle but I always lose!

{{: 

Congratulations on your anniversary and thank you for another excellent exciting story .

I love trying to shower with a overfull bladder. Usually I get away with just some leaking, but other times , not. In any event there is no clean up.

}}

Thank you very much! Shower wetting reminds me of my teenage years, pretending I got in the shower and forgot to take my underwear off, so they got wet! Oops. but I think you mentioned it on another post of mine, just that running water, I cannot help it :P

