Bursting Bunny

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-04-06 10:38

I love holding and wetting whilst wearing a leotard/swimsuit as they are so tight and I love how they push on my bladder and how they feel when I lose control and start peeing. I don't wear them often enough and last night as seen as it was Easter I decided to have some fun. We went out for the day to a nearby country park and went for a nice walk and took a picnic with us and had a swim in the river. When we got home I had a nice long bath and when I got out I decided to have some fun. I dug out my bunny costume and slipped the black leotard on and put my bunny ears on. I figured that not only would the costume be fun for wetting but also fun afterwards with Matty.

I went and showed him and he greatly approved. I got myself some wine from the fridge and went upstairs and sat at my desk. I slowly drank my wine whilst surfing the web and after a while I could feel the wine starting to take effect and felt the need to pee start to build. Matty came upstairs and said that he was going to play Atlas Zombies with our friends and asked if I wanted to join. I said I did and swivelled my chair round and turned on my xbox. We waited for our friends to come online and I continued to drink my wine. I had already drunk half the bottle and was definitely starting to notice it. I could feel my bladder filling up and it felt so nice. Our friends came online and we started up the game and set off on a zombie killing spree.

About half an hour later I had nearly finished the bottle of wine and my bladder certainly knew it. I was getting really desperate and squirming like crazy in my chair. The tight material of the leotard rubbed against me as I squirmed and it was making me really horny. It was getting harder to concentrate on the game but I was staying focused. 20 minutes after that however was a different story. My bladder was so full of wine and my desperation was building fast. I was around 8 on the scale and could not stop wiggling. My concentration was slipping off the game as it was stolen by my need to pee. When a wave of desperation hit me I had to concentrate on keeping my pee hole closed which made me lose concentration and I would go down and have to be revived by a teammate.

They didn't mind as they knew what I was doing. Usually when I start sucking at a game its because I am busting for a pee. My bladder was bulging out and looked huge against the skin tight material. After each round when we had a short interval I rubbed my bulge enjoying the feeling of putting pressure on it. Each time I pressed on my bulge my pee hole quivered in protest and it felt amazing. I downed the last of the wine from the bottle and felt my bladder spasm as more liquid entered her. 15 minutes passed and I reached 9 on the scale and was now really having to concentrate on keeping my pee hole closed. The over whelming need to empty my bladder took over my body and I rapidly lost concentration on what I was doing on the game and kept on going down.

Suddenly all my teammates went down and I had to revive them. I put all my concentration into not dying and as soon as I took it away from holding I felt my knickers dampen as a drop escaped past my pee hole. I crossed my legs tight and quickly went around and revived people. When the round finished I gave myself a quick squeeze between my legs to ease some of the pressure. When the next round started I had to let go and my pee hole screamed in protest as my hand moved away.

The wine continued to filter into my bladder and suddenly I felt the feeling I get when my bladder is completely full and can't take any more liquid. I shot to 10 on the scale and all I wanted to do was hold my poor pee hole but I couldn't take my hands off the controller. Waves of desperation washed over me and each time I had to squeeze my thighs tight to keep my pee hole closed. My legs bounced around and rapidly opened and closed as I desperately tried to stay dry.

I spent ten minutes doing this until my pee hole opened and let a trickle out. It felt so nice and warm as it dampened my knickers. The warm feeling really didn't help and shortly after another trickle escaped. Now they had started It was getting harder to stop and every 20 seconds or so a trickle would escape past my quivering pee hole and run into my knickers. They weren't enough to do any damage but they started getting bigger. After five minutes of trickling my knickers were soaking wet and I could feel the crotch of the leotard starting to get wet.

Suddenly two of my teammates went down leaving just two of us. We were being over run by zombies and I got trapped by them and ended up going down. The moment I went down I jammed my hand between my legs and pushed on my pee hole. The relief of pressure felt so nice and I sat pushing on my pee hole as I watched my friend run around like crazy trying to survive. After a valiant effort he went down and the game was over. They decided to change game and went on GTA V. Now we weren't playing I focused all my concentration on my bursting bladder. The trickles would not stop and I knew soon I would start leaking. Matty said he would come on GTA in a bit and suddenly he appeared behind me. He spun my chair around and walked over and sat on the bed. He pointed in front of the bed indicating for me to stand there.

I stood up and as I did the pressure on my bladder caused a leak to escape out of my pee hole. I crossed my legs and bobbed for a moment to regain control. I walked over and stood in front of him. His hand came up and rubbed over my bulge. I winced as his hand gently pushed on my bladder and another leak escaped into my knickers. He looked up at me and said “awwww, does my little bunny need a wee”. I nodded and squirmed. He smiled and said “I would let you go but I think I would rather sit here and watch my little bunny squirm and try not to wet herself”. A wave of excitement flooded through me as he sat back on the bed and watched me. I squirmed and held myself as my bladder pushed hard on my pee hole. I now had gravity working against me and it was so much harder to hold.

He picked up the clock and put it in front of him facing me. He pointed to the time and I looked and saw It was 22:28. He said “are you a good bunny”. I nodded and said I was a very good bunny. He continued and said “good, good.....because you see good bunnies hold their pee until they are told they can go, only bad bunnies have accidents and wet themselves, but you won't do that because you are a good bunny”. He pointed back to the clock and said “if you are a good bunny you can pee at 11 o'clock”. I nodded and concentrated on keeping my pee hole closed. 10 minutes passed and I kept on leaking. Each leak got bigger and bigger and I now had a sizeable wet patch growing across the crotch of my leotard and had trails of pee snaking down my legs.

I stood dancing and squirming and doing everything to keep from leaking but my bladder was pushing really hard on my pee hole and it was getting harder and harder to stop them. I knew I was going to start spurting really soon and when that happened it wouldn't take long before I lost all control. 10 more minutes passed and in that time the leaks kept on coming and my desperation kept on rising. Suddenly a huge wave of desperation washed over me and a spurt shot out of my pee hole and went straight through the material and shot onto the floor. I gasped and walked around trying to desperately regain control but now I had spurted once it was inevitable more would follow. As the minutes slowly passed I kept on spurting and soaking myself and making a puddle on the floor. Hearing it drip onto the floor each time I spurted really didn't help me in keeping control.

I only had 6 minutes left to hold. I could do it, I was going to be a good bunny. The spurts kept getting bigger then suddenly I felt it. I could feel pee pushing down towards my pee hole and without warning I lost control. Pee started pouring out into my leotard and all over the floor. I clenched my muscles hard and managed to slow the flow down until it was just a few drops. That sudden loss of control had made it 10x harder to keep holding. My pee hole was trembling under the force of all that liquid that was desperately trying to escape. I urged time to hurry up. I only had 4 minutes to wait but that felt like a lifetime when I was on the very edge of wetting myself.

With 2 minutes left I couldn't wait any longer. The pressure on my pee hole was getting so intense and huge spurts kept shooting out and I could not physically keep my pee hole closed any longer. I knew it was happening. I could feel the pee surging towards the exit and despite the best will in the world I would not be able to stop it. My thighs were squeezed together and it started to gush out between them. I opened my legs to allow the stream to go full force. It hissed and gushed out of my pee hole and splashed all over the floor. I let out a huge sigh of relief and enjoyed the orgasmic feeling. It seemed to go on forever and when my bladder finally emptied I just stood there, soaking wet, with pee dripping down my legs.

Matty looked up at me and smiled and said “tut tut, such a bad bunny....you know what happens to bad bunnies don't you?”. I knew what happened to bad bunnies. He pushed me towards the bed and bent me over so I was leaning on the edge of it and gave my naughty wet bum a good spanking for being such a naughty bunny. I'm glad I was a naughty bunny, I enjoy when I get spanked for being a bad girl. When he finished he stood me up and we spent the evening engaging in some naughty fun time which I am not going to write about here....however I will be writing about it on my blog diary, so if you want to know what happened next you can see it there

%http://gemmyrose.tumblr.com/

*003*2015-04-06 23:04

{{ 

I actually got excited when I saw you'd posted another story and you didn't disappoint! Thank you for sharing your experiences with us!!

}}

Hee hee, glad you enjoyed :)

*005*2015-04-06 23:14

{{ 

Very much so. Your descriptions of both desperation and wetting could not be more perfect!

}}

Well i'm sure I'll have plenty more to write about soon

*008*2015-04-07 12:58

{{ 

So much this <3

}}

:D nice to know people get excited

*015*2015-04-23 16:01

{{ 

Just made the mistake of reading this whilst seriously desperate to pee and definitely felt a couple of spurts escape! Managed to hold back the rest but I think im going to end up with very wet pants and trousers soon!

}}

Hee hee, thats what i like to hear

