Wife's bursting car ride to the airport

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-19 09:51

There was another situation, where I witnessed my wife getting really extremely desperate on a car ride. I especially like this event particular, as her desperation is “embedded” in a bigger and rather complex dilemma.

It happened at the end of a one-week holiday trip which we took us to a European neighbour country. We went by plane to a city in the middle of a greater region. At the airport we rented a car for one week and then started a round trip. We spent every night in another town, thus we got to see quite a lot of the whole region. On the last day of the week our flight back home departed in the evening. We visited one last town and then headed for the airport. It was a 180km drive on the highway. We started our ride in the early afternoon, thus we should have plenty of time.

After driving 80km we made a stop at a rest station. We drank a coffee and some juice and both of us went to the restrooms. We continued our ride without any special incidents. Things suddenly changed, when we were already 50km close to the city/airport. We hit very heavy traffic, forcing us to slow down to drive at maximum 50-60km/h. We spoke about our hope that traffic shouldn't get worse, as we could otherwise become rather late for our flight, keeping in mind that we had to bring back the rental car to the park deck before we could go to the terminal and check in to our flight. My wife agreed, and finally added: "And there is something else which is quite unpleasant. I need to pee." This caught my attention immediately. I asked her how bad it was, and she replied "not yet too bad, but unfortunately getting worse really very, very fast..." This contributed to my excitement, as I knew by experience, when this type of pee urge hits her, she will be in extreme trouble very soon.

However I only said to her, we don't have to worry about catching our flight. If traffic doesn't get much worse, we should be at the airport in about one hour - though I knew this won't make her happy at all. Her answer came right back: "I know, at best one hour from now. And that's exactely the problem. If my pee urge continues to rise at the present speed, my bladder will explode into thousand small parts in much less time than one hour." I was amused but also aroused by this picture. "Hm, what do you propose?", I asked. "I really don't know yet. I will definitely need to have a pee very soon," she replied with much worry in her voice, biting her lips.

Traffic was still heavy, but didn't get worse, so we could continue driving at app. 60km/h constantly. The estimation of one hour to the airport was absolutely realistic. After 15 minutes the signs of her rapidly growing desperation became clearly visible. Her legs were already tightly crossed (She was wearing light-gray flannel-trousers and a black sweatshirt at that day). Her breathing became heavier, and I could see slight shivers running thru her body every now and then. 10 minutes later, she started to put one hand into her crotch openly. I could hear her sigh, when she pressed it firmly against her pussy. And she obviously couldn't sit still any longer, as she shifted her butt back and forth on her seat.

Only 5 minutes later, she said in despair: "This is not coming to a good end. Something has to happen now, I will never make it to the airport. I am absolutely bursting, it already hurts. If I have to wait another 30 minutes, I will literally go insane." She nervously started to think about any devices she could pee in. But we had no longer any bottles, cups, cans etc., on board, as we had already left all our waste at the rest station, in order to give a clean car back to the rental company. For the next 10 minutes or so she stopped talking and tried to distract herself by looking out of the window. Regarding her intense squirming in the seat, this strategy didn't really help.

About 20 minutes far from our destination she pleaded with a clearly trembling, low voice and heavy gasps in it: "Can we please stop on the breakdown lane? I really have no chance to make it any longer, I am gonna pee myself in less than 5 minutes. I am serious. Please, stop!" I had already thought about the breakdown lane too, but told her about my worries: "Well, you know, it's definitely forbidden - if we were at home, who cares, we would just pay the fine if we get caught and get along. But we are in a foreign country, in a rental car. If we get caught by the cops, that will certainly mean lots of troubles. And, most important, we risk missing our flight, as we don't know how much time it would cost us being stopped by the police." 

She agreed, but insisted: "But please understand, I simply can't hold it! If we don't stop, I have no other choice than peeing in the car! I will certainly not do it in my pants and also not on the seat, no way! - but I would have no other choice than to do it all on the car floor! And this will also cause us reasonable troubles, when we give the car back in this soiled state! We could possibly miss the flight because of that either!" She was principally right, which I confirmed to her: "Hm, that's also very true. It seems as if there is a big dilemma. Whatever we do, we risk missing the flight or some other kind of severe trouble. So I can only beg you: please, try to hold it!! It's only about 20 minutes to the airport you are gonna make it!"

And as I wanted to finally see her bursting pee, I proposed a solution to cut off her waiting time: "As far as I remember, there are toilets on the rental company's car park deck, but if it's going to be a very close call, you can simply squat next to the car on the park deck, no one will realise it." She replied in a somewhat angry voice: "You simply don't seem to understand. I can't hold it!! I am never gonna make it to any car park deck! If I don't get out of this car in a couple of minutes, all my pee will be in it!!" I just could say: "So sorry, I don't have any other idea - please, please, try to hold it!"

She fell silent and started looking out of the window again. Now she had both hands pressed into her crotch. Her legs were quivering almost permanently. Suddenly she pulled her sweatshirt up a little bit, unbuttoned her trousers and started to pull the zipper down half way, saying "this is actually impossible!" I already thought she would now really pee on the car floor. But instead she took one of my hands and guided it on her belly. She said: Feel that! But be careful!" I was actually a bit shocked. Right under her skin, her belly seemed to be completely filled with an unbelievably huge, heavy "stone". I took my hand away and simply said "Uuh, that's terrible…". "Yes! And it gets more and more unbearable every second!", she cried out.

Though it was now less than 15 minutes to the airport, I really started to doubt, if she had any chance to make it there. She had already pulled down her trouser's zipper completely and both hands had gone into her panties, pressing directly against her pussy like crazy. A few moments later, we approached the exit for the short highway branch leading to the airport. I changed to the right lane and immediately heard her whine: "Please, let me go on the breakdown lane! It hurts so much!" I tried to sound as caring as possible: "No darling, sorry, that's really not possible, you know, why!" I got no response, I simply heard her sobbing heavily. Though her desperation in general turned me on extremely, at the same time I started to feel more and more sorry for her…

On the highway branch to the airport was much less traffic, so I could go up to the speed limit. I told her that I estimate us to be at the airport in 7-8 minutes. This didn't calm her at all. Instead she shook her head, pulled her pants and panties forward to her knees, shifted herself forward to the edge of her seat and whispered, breathing heavily: "It is over. I need to pee on the car floor RIGHT NOW. I am really sorry." I quickly screamed: "No, please don't! You are gonna make it! It's just a couple of minutes more!" 

She left her pants and panties pulled forward to her knees, but actually shifted back into her seat. Suddenly a couple of very frightening looking whole body spasms hit her. She had obviously set her mind and body on “letting go” already – and holding back again now caused this severe physical reaction of “protest”. Luckily, these whole body spasms ended after some seconds. Just her severely shaking hands were jammed onto her naked pussy, revealing the upper edge of her neatly trimmed dark blond pubes. I caressed her shoulder, she tried to smile at me.

Throughout the very last minutes on the highway, she squirmed and twisted in her seat like crazy. Her face had turned dark red, pitiful moans and gasps escaped from her half opened mouth almost all the time. We finally reached the exit ramp to the airport ground and I comforted her: "You are so incredibly brave, you practically made it!" She didn't reply. I looked over to her and saw tears running down her red cheeks, while her forehead was full of sweat drops.

The park deck building was close to the exit ramp, we reached it within less than 1 minute. We were about 100 meters far from the drive in, when my wife sighed: "I simply can't hold it...", and once again she shifted her butt forward to the edge of her seat in order to pee on the car floor. I screamed: "Nooo! We are in the park deck building in a few seconds!" And in fact she really shifted herself back into her seat again, once more getting hit by a whole body spasm. One second later, she removed one hand from her crotch for just a short moment to unbuckle.

In front of the park deck building, I had to stop at the automatic bar to draw a ticket and the bar to open. As soon as I stopped, she opened her side door with heavily trembling hands and was already half out of the car, whining and stuttering: "Going crazy...pee...here on the ground...". I shouted at her: "Get back into the car immediately! Over there is a small counter with two security guys in it, they already look over to us!" That was true - and fortunately she got back into the car. The bar had opened meanwhile and I drove into the park deck building - my wife sitting next to me, her pants and panties still pulled forward to her knees, both hands again jammed full force on her naked crotch again. Another whole body spasm hit her. She threw her head back on the head-cushion, screaming: "Peeeee!!! I need now, noooow, let me out, aaaah!" At that very moment I felt rather sorry for her than being excited by her desperation…

For the rental car's company parking spaces, I had to drive up to the first floor of the park deck building, which took only a couple of seconds - my wife still screaming to let her out, which was absolutely impossible on the narrow curved ramp. When we reached the level, I saw some free parking spots about 10-12 cars ahead on the right and wanted to drive there as fast as possible. But I didn't get that far. As soon as I had passed the first 4-5 cars, my wife had already opened her side door and shouted: "OUT HERE!!!!" I hit the break and she was out immediately. In an instant, I understood what she was going to do: Running straight ahead between two parked cars on her side, probably getting as far as possible to the wall for the best shelter!

She swung her feet out of the car and got them on the ground. Instead of standing up, she instantly doubled over and, keeping this posture, she started to hobble straight forward as fast as possible to reach the space between the two parked cars. As soon as her butt was out of the car, I saw a thin pee stream flowing down to the ground from her bare pussy. As she hobbled on forward the thin stream continued to flow. When she was finally between the back wheels of the two cars on her side, the stream literally exploded into an unbelievable spray. Pee was gushing practically everywhere, some of it almost sideward, mainly as a result of her continuing moves, because she still "walked" forward in her crouching position. It looked so damn sexy... She hobbled on, spraying with an immense force, till she reached the wall and stopped there, putting both hands on the wall to support her. The incredible pee spray went on and on and on.

I couldn't resist getting out of the car and walking over to her. I had to be careful where to step, as pee was practically everywhere on the ground. Starting as a small trail from her side of the car, finally entering an enormous puddle between the two parked cars, where it already reached even further under both cars. When I was about one meter far from her, I could hear her moan and sob. Her legs were trembling. The forceful pee spray had certainly lasted for at least 50 seconds, when it finally turned into a small trickle. This went on for another 10 seconds. When she stopped peeing, I went over to her, helped her finding balance, as she seemed to tumble when she pulled up her panties and pants again. I took her in my arms, caressed her and said: "Darling, you are the bravest woman in the world!" She smiled back and said: "I still can't believe I could really hold this. Oh what a mess this would have been in the car...".

Everything else also went ok and in time this evening. We gave a dry rental car back and caught our flight without problems. My wife was mostly sleeping on the plane. I couldn't get the pictures of her pee desperation out of my mind. And I still can't today! ;-)

*002*2015-05-21 11:05

{{ 

Wow, this was really hot, but like you I can't help feeling sorry for your wife too. Have you ever talked to her about this experience? Does she understand you liked it while still being sorry for the pain she was in?

}}

Yeah, my remebrance of this incident is still today between excitment and feeling sorry for her...

And no, I never told her about my desperation fetish. There is a couple of reasons, which I posted in detail in the thread about her other desperate car ride on the highway from the lake home.

*003*2015-05-23 14:23

{{ 

Wow, this was really hot, but like you I can't help feeling sorry for your wife too. Have you ever talked to her about this experience? Does she understand you liked it while still being sorry for the pain she was in?

}}

May I ask you back - did you ever tell a partner about your pee / desperation fetish...? In general, it would be fair, I know - but if I think of incidents like the one I described, I am really glad she had no idea...

*005*2015-05-23 15:34

{{ 

Sadly, I am and have always been single. I would definitely tell a partner about my fetish 'though. In my opinion, your partner is the only person who should both now you in real live and know about your fetish(es).

}}

Well, in principal I agree!! In my personal case I was simply outweighing the pros and cons and the latter ones would prevail, I am afraid...

*007*2015-05-23 19:09

{{ 

I completely understand your decision. Personally, I would not be able to respect myself anymore 'though, if I'd keep something important to my sexual live a secret from my partner, I'd feel really bad about myself. As long as you can live with that tought and you don't think your wife minds you keeping this a secret from her, I don't think there is anything wrong with that.

}}

Hm, of course I sometimes feel guilty for not telling her, no doubt. But as it would only have bad consequences if she knew - and I actually don't "hurt" her not telling - in fact I would, IF I told her! - I am sure it's the right decision!

*010*2015-05-29 08:27

{{ 

I clearly remembered this story from the other board. I was wondering if you were going to post it here. Somehow I overlooked it until now. As always I love the rich details and prolonged suspense, of weather or not she would avoid wetting her pants. The description of her saying she was about to pee herself,as well as the description of what she was doing to hold her pee in makes for an exquisite story.

}}

Glad to hear that you were not too bored and/or disappointed to find just a story, you already knew…

When I am on a car ride together with my wife nowadays, the incident and its details often come again up to my mind very vividly… Of course all the arousing details, but also especially her really brave struggle to hold on.

Let me just refer to one particular detail you mentioned, concerning her being in danger of “wetting her pants” or “peeing herself”. Well, indeed she had taken care for avoiding this anyway! Quite early in her desperation it was clear for that that eventually being forced to pee in the car would not automatically mean she needs to do it in her clothes! Instead she made it very clear to me that in case she couldn´t hold it any longer, she would neither pee in her clothes nor directly on her car seat, but instead drop her pants and pee on the car floor in front of her seat. Simply following the logic: As the car would be flooded anyway, why creating more damage than necessary?

In the last phase of her ordeal, she had already fully prepared herself for that option – about 10 minutes far from the airport, she was sitting next to me with her pants and panties already pulled forward to her knees, hands desperately jammed into her naked crotch. And more than once she announced that she simply has to give up now and will actually pee on the car floor. I repeatedly begged her not to flood the rental car (!) in this way. But to be honest, I actually expected it to happen any second (she was in such a horrible state at the end…). I already thought about what to tell the rental car company when I give back a car with a totally pee flooded floor. And it would have been literally flooded, if she actually would have had to do her pee in the car - you should have seen the incredible size of her puddle on the park deck… But in contrast to the car, her clothes would have been dry in any case! ;-)

*014*2015-05-30 09:15

{{ 

It is a good thing that did not happen, although the possibility created extra suspense in the story. I would expect a charge from the rental car company for the flood.

}}

Oh yes, there would have been an extra charge from the rental car company, you can be sure! But I still don´t know what I could have told the company, WHY we gave back the car in this state. I am still grateful to my wife that she was so incredibly brave...

{{ 

The description in this story was amazing!

}}

Thanks, I am glad you liked it! ;-)

*015*2015-05-31 18:27

{{ 

This is sooo hot. Car desperation stories are a huge turn-on for me :) I do feel bad for your poor wife though! What a trooper to hold it for so long!

}}

What you write reflects exactely what I felt permantly while witnessing this whole incident - permanently switching between "Oh, my poor wife!" and "This is sooo hot!!". Well, that's the ambivalence within our desperation fetish...

Among other incidents with my wife (altogether 6) there's another one with car desperation! But I do like(d) the other scenarios quite as well, to be honest!

