Rachel's Desperation Filled Afternoon

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2016-01-02 12:46

Today I've decided to have a little fun with rapid desperation. I've already had three cups of caffeinated tea this morning (between noon and 2, ok I got up super late). And I've peed twice. I'm wearing my comfy fleece PJ bottoms (with little polar bears on them), a long-sleeve jersey (dark blue), a simple white bra with matching white, cotton panties, and stripy indoor winter socks.

I'm going to share my entire experience with posts as I go, and I'm not coming back to the top to edit, so consider this the raw text.

So without further pre-amble here goes.

It is 2:05 pm and I've just gone to the bathroom. I've set a timer and the next time I'm going to go pee will be in exactly 25 minutes. I've also poured a glass of watered down mango juice which I will drink over the next 25 minutes.

2:15 - I have finished my first glass of mango juice and already feel as though I need to pee. I will hold it for another 15 minutes. I pour another glass of mango juice. I can't get enough of this stuff :)

2:20 - almost done the second glass of mango juice and currently at about a 5 on the needing to wee scale. My bladder feels not very full, but I certainly have an urge to pee, mostly focused directly at my urethral sphincter.

2:22 - delicious mango juice, cup 2, is complete.

2:25 - five minutes to go before I'm allowed to go pee and I'm already a 7 on the scale. I am feeling much fuller, though I'd say I'm only 3/4 full, I feel like I need to pee much worse.

2:28 - I'm going to release my bladder right when the clock strikes 2:30, so I get ready and head over to the toilet with my phone in my hand.

2:30 - standing in front of the toilet waiting for the clock to strike 30 minutes caused me to have a little key-in-latch incontinence, and I dribbled a tiny bit in my panties before I pull them down to pee. I stood in front of the toilet, at a 7.5 on the desperation scale, so I was asking for it. It was seriously only a little dribble, so I've decided not to change my panties. Instead I've popped a little Tena pad in them, for next time, but only one for small leaks.

2:35 - another 20 minutes on the clock and another glass of mango juice, I will drink this one slower.

2:46 - my stomach is feeling full, the glass of mango juice is about 2/3rds finished and I'm a little colder than usual. I'm at about a 5 on the desperation scale, and again I feel the urge to pee right centered around my urethra, and not really in the bladder. I'm little shivery I supposed, this is a common occurrence for those drinking lots of water or colder liquids quickly. 5 minutes to go before I can pee again.

2:49 - desperations sprung up to a 7 rather quickly, I've decided that when my alarm strikes, that I will let out small leaks into a pullup instead of peeing in the bathroom like a good girl. I haven't had any more mango juice for the time being as I'm feeling full. I hurry into my bedroom and slip off my panties (I will put them back on with the pad later), and pull on a Goodnite, one of the purple zebra print ones.

2:53 - so after pulling on my Goodnites, and it's been a while since I've worn them, I suddenly felt very little and didn't want to wet my diaper right away (cause they felt all fluffy and yummy), so when my alarm struck as time to pee, I instead hurried to the washroom to pee in the toilet like a big girl. I'm back at my desk, the alarm is set for another 20 minutes and this time I may pee in my diaper :) I also realize that I'm switching between verb tenses pretty badly, for which I'm sorry. I try to treat each entry as a current thing (i.e. the present tense), but this means that I end up using the past tense to refer to things that happen between posts. Yes, I realize that most of you probably don't care, but well I do, good grammar is important.

3:00 - I finish the rest of my mango juice. My stomach still feels full.

3:03 - and now I have to go #2, but not very badly, I'll hold it until my clock chimes again, which is in about 10 minutes. I'm definitely not going poo in my Goodnite, I'm a good girl afterall.

3:06 - back at about a 6 or 7 again. Wow my body is making pee quickly.

3:07 - as if anyone ever could, but I'm getting a little tired of the mango juice, even though there's like half a bottle left. I will have to try tea next time, something to warm me up.

3:12 - a minute to go and I'm watching the clock, I'm at a comfortable 7 or 8 but I definitely need to go and I'm feeling super bloated.

3:18 - after a small pee and poop I'm back to my desk. Not to share too much poop related content, but I've got a mild cramp and tightness in my belly which I think was from my Indian food last night, and this has not been entirely removed after my recent bathroom visit. I set the clock again for another 20 minutes and turn the kettle on for tea.

3:23 - the cramping and bloated feeling have gone down, I'm pretty sure these were related to my bathroom visit, and I'm back to sitting, a little chilly, at my desk writing.

3:26 - tummy still feels a little yucky, and the kettle's boiled, I'm going to have some green tea.

3:37 - I didn't need to pee up until just now, and now I do (about a 5) and my tummy is hurting again. I haven't had any of the tea, it's too hot and I'm not all that thirsty. I think I will need to have some food soon as I think my belly is empty, which is why it's hurting when I drank all the mango juice. 1 minute to go before pee pee time.

3:39 - pee pee time. My pee is now super clear and despite my urge to go (again not more than a 4 or 5), I only have a tiny amount in my bladder. Back at my desk and tea, which I'm going to try to drink.

3:56 - I've had about half of my tea and still nothing on the needing to pee front. Only 3 minutes left before my alarm rings and I go potty, I think this time I'll go in my Goodnite, as I'm not very full at all and I'd like to be able to wet it a couple of times.

3:59 - I'm going to try to release my bladder just as the clock ring. It's rung but it's actually hard to go right away as I don't have very much pee in me, I'm going to try the breath holding technique.

4:01 - concentrating on relaxing my bladder, I managed to release about a good 20 seconds of really warm pee into my Goodnite, it is in no way full so I think I can get another good pee into it before needing a change... or leaking :)

4:02 - drinking more tea, this mug us almost empty, so I will go get another.

4:08 - starting my second mug of tea, and at about a 3 on the desperation scale.

4:10 - back up to a 5, I'm thinking of going to the potty earlier, as the rapid desperation plan suggests going whenever you need to go, so I'm just going to let out this dribble in my pullups.

4:15 - I let out the tiniest of dribbles, I feel like my bladder is warm (glad I've switched to tea) but not full at all, despite my sphincter thinking it is. Oh, there was a little bladder shiver of sorts, and I think I can squeeze out another little dribble.

4:16 - nope, not yet.

4:19 - got a little dribble out, drinking more tea helped.

4:22 - the alarm has rung and I don't need to go at all, I'm going to squeeze out another dribble for good measure, but I think I need to drink more. I've only had half of my tea. I'm contemplating switching to water, because if I drink this much caffeine I'll be up all night or worse wet the bed if I do get to sleep. I managed to get another few dribbles out. You know the kind of dribble that seems to come in tiny little waves?

4:28 - released another small wave into my Goodnite. It is feeling warm and wet down there and I feel a little naughty. My tea is also done and so I'm going to brew one more green tea and then switch to water... or more mango juice, I can't decide.

4:30 - now there's a significant rush of pee. It is strange I felt the first bit, but I could not feel how long I was peeing for, as I'm so wet and warm down there. But I know I'm wetting as I can feel my bum cheeks getting wetter. What a delicious feeling.

4:42 - I'm off to the potty for a small pee after I felt like the Goodnite was getting full. It wasn't but it was clear that it could not take another good full bladder soaking, and so I pulled it off. Peed in the toilet (like a big girl), and then headed into the bedroom to change. I realized that my panties with pad still stuck in them were still laying on the floor, and I tucked them back in my panty drawer. I then changed into a bulky Tena and added the pad from a Goodnite Trufit as a soaker.

My new plan is to sit at my computer, drinking another pot of green tea (this time smoked rice and green tea to mix things up), and pee whenever I feel the slightest urge. I recon, from past experiences, that this diaper/stuffer combo will last for about 1.5 hours, though my usual rate does not tally the amount of fluids I'm drinking and the number of times I've gone pee in the past while. I'm going to keep the timer going (reset after peeing), just to keep me on track and remind me to pee. On a side note when I went to pee I was absolutely drenched between my legs, from pee and mild arousal. I'm a naughty girl :)

4:45 - I just peed and I already have to go again. I let out another good dribble - this one lasts longer than I thought, after 30 seconds of peeing (not too forcefully) I feel like I'm still going. The Goodnite pad absorbs almost all of it, and my bum feels dry, though I'm now very wet between my nether lips.

4:55 - and here comes another small rush of pee, this time I pee for what feels like 60 seconds exactly, I have to stand up mid-way through as I'm worried my unexpected flood will overcome the gathers on the Tena. It was a strange wetting as I only felt like I had to pee a little but I peed for a long time. I should note that I wasn't peeing at full desperation flooding level, but what felt like a steady but not too intense stream. It felt very warm and wet and my diaper area is feeling particularly good at the moment, wet in all the right and wrong ways.

5:03 - just about finished my next cup of tea. They are not the largest cups in the world, but a decent sized mug. And I feel a slight urge to need to pee again, but not enough to be able to squeeze out any just yet.

5:09 - time to let out another squirt, let's see how long this one goes for. As I start to relax my bladder muscles, I can feel the sharp warmth of the pee pressing up against my sphincter. This time the dribble, which turns into a stream lasts for 28 seconds and starts out much more intense. I can feel the warm wetness all around my sex, and the diaper and booster between my legs are feeling very full. Patting the front of my PJs I can feel a very squishy bulge of a wet diaper. I think I will need to change the Goodnite pad soon but for the time being I'll... actually this one feels really wet.

5:14 - So I get up to Change my Goodnite Trufit pad (and not the whole diaper as most of my pee's gone into the pad) and I can do this by simply reaching down into my diaper, pulling the pad out (because they don't have sticky parts), and sliding a new fresh one in. I can't help but finger myself a little while doing do, and my vagina is slick and wet with pee and juices. As I pad over to the bedroom to pick up the fresh booster pad, my husband wanders past (we are both on vacation), and hears the crinkle of my diaper and/or he must have noticed my waddly-little walk. He gave me a little pat on the bum (which gave me a huge thrill as he knows how much I love being treated like a little when I'm all diapered up), and asked what I was up to.

I told him, in a sort of little voice, that "I was being a good girl while working on my research and I didn't want to have an accident." He smiled. He's not into Omorashi or diaper play but he knows how much I love it. I let him know I was doing my own thing and he went off to continue doing what he was doing. It is interesting that when I'm little and playing with pee and diapers, that I don't seem to really notice the other people around me as much. I will certainly have to get him inside of me later tonight as all this peeing and diaper wearing and writing is getting me super horny! I think he knows as well as this isn't the first time I've had my diaper fun during the day and then fucked his brains out (and mine, let's not forget mine) that evening.

5:20 - feeling a little urge, released a small bit, about 10 seconds worth, I can feel it pooling between my legs before it is absorbed by the pad. Horror, my sister just called.

5:35 - so I took some time off from writing, and trying to pee, while chatting with my sister. It was just a quick update call, and while I can usually talk with her for hours, I kind of keep things short but while I'm talking I'm not really thinking about peeing and my need to pee. Now that I've rung off, I can feel a small urge again and I'm going to pee some more into the pad.

5:37 - This last pee lasted about 25 seconds, and again it came out not with too much force but a good steady warm stream. This one, because of the way I'm sitting and the diaper or something, I can feel jetting hot into one of my labia, and it feels very good indeed, adding a warm tingling to the peeing experience, a tingling that runs up my spine. I've decided to stop using the stop watch, as it isn't really serving any purpose anymore. I'm working on another cup of tea.

5:49 - another urge arrives and I empty my bladder into my diaper. This time I pee for 22 seconds and my Goodnite pad is feeling rather full again. I love how when you diaper yourself tightly, the bulge of the pad (and Goodnite Trufit pads seem to bulge more than others), pushes right into your crotch, in all the right places. You get this feeling of having a very warm and wet sort of sausage-tube between your legs, and the only thing I can think of doing is kneeling on my bed with a firm pillow wadded up between my legs and rubbing my diaper against the pillow until I cum (which was one of the ways I used to masturbate a lot when I was younger). But I'm going to be a good girl and wait, and I will only get hornier I'm sure. Distracting girl parts.

5:52 - I've poured another mug of tea, which fills my office with a warm roasted rice smell. I'm going to get up and have some food, I'm feeling like I've got the caffeine shakes and I need to eat something. So it's off to the kitchen for some leftover Indian food.

5:57 - My diaper is so bulgy due to the overfull and expanding Goodnite pad that when I got up to make my food, and peed for about 10 seconds while I was waiting for the microwave, that I pooped one of the tapes on my Tena. So I also taped up the side of my diaper with packing tape while warming up my food. I hate when that happens.

5:59 - My diaper feels super wet but my bum is feeling a little rashy. I think I will have to change into panties and pants soon so I can do my rapid desperation hold and see how long I can last. Food first though.

6:10 - all done my food and I'm getting back into the tea. My plan is for one more pee in my diaper and then time for desperation fun!

6:21 - I've drunk about half of a mug of tea and don't seem to need to pee at all just yet. I'm still feeling very horny and my diaper with the booster is still very wet.

6:32 - I just felt a little dizzy. I still don't have to pee more, but I'm going to stop drinking tea for a while.

6:38 - That was rather strange. I also feel like I need to do a #2 again, which I'm going to hold until my last bathroom visit before desperation fun time. Despite the amount of fluids I've been drinking I still feel thirsty for some strange reason.

6:44 - I just finished my next cup of tea and poured the last one in the pot. I've decided that I'll see how badly I have to pee at the top of the hour, and then start my hold then. I have been doing the rapid desperation thing for quite a while now and I don't want to do it too much longer as I do recall the post about taking the whole thing too far, and I'm a little nervous (and don't want to be feeling sick when I want to feel and enjoy feeling so very horny, like I am now.

6:51 - My bum is feeling very warm and clammy. I think I need to change very soon. I'll wait until 7pm but I'm going to need to use powder as I don't want to get a rash.

7:05 - I still don't have to pee, despite feeling super bloated. I think the rice and Indian food I ate is absorbing lots of the tea I've also been drinking. I'm going to start my hold right after I pee, which will be as soon as I feel the need to.

7:08 - aha, there we go, now I'm starting to feel that tea working its way through my body. I'm going to wait a little bit longer though. Just to make sure there's enough in there to make my final diaper wetting effective.

7:19 - currently sitting at a 7.5 or 8 on the desperation scale, though it feels different, my bladder feels less full but the desire to pee is still strongly there. I'm going to wait a little bit longer before visiting the bathroom one last time. I think that my diaper/booster combo may be too saturated to take another wetting and I don't want to make a puddle on my office chair.

7:25 - some aches in my bladder, I'm going to pee at 7:30, as I feel pretty full and want to get onto holding (without a diaper).

7:35 - my diaper tore again, I'm going to pee in the toilet like a big girl, plus I have to go #2 again.

7:49 - I had a rather protracted visit to the bathroom. I had lots of gas and the feeling like I needed to poo, but after lots of effort I was only able to get a little bit out. I did pee a lot and changed out of my diaper. It was so saturated that it would not fit in the bathroom trashcan and I had to throw it out in the kitchen. I ran into my husband on the way in and got to blush as I disposed of the large sodden thing. He gave me a knowing look. I also changed into a pair of panties (different ones, I'll wear the ones with the unused pad in them later) these ones again white, but this time a sporty cotton/lycra mix, and back into my PJ bottoms. At the moment I just drank some more tea and I'm beginning my hold (and starting a timer). I will put the time I've been holding in brackets beside the time of night for my interested readers.

8:13 - had a half cup of tea and currently no urge to pee. I have drunk way too much tea and I'm moving back to delicious mango juice.

8:27 - I've had half a cup of mango juice and apart from feeling bloated I have no measurable need to pee. I do feel a little fuzzy, but this could be on account of all of the caffeine I've been drinking as well. And sugar, let's not forget the sugar.

8:30 - feeling kind of yucky, a little dizzy and distracted. Still with no apparent need to pee. I think that I may have given myself a mild case of water poisoning, and I'm going to stop the whole experiment.

8:52 - In the last little while I visited the bathroom and peed a little, though I still don't really feel the urge. I have also stopped freaking out so much (see my slightly hysterical post above). I think what is giving me a headache is my computer screen as while I was up walking about the house and peeing, and visiting with a neighbour who popped by to drop something off, I felt much better, and as soon as I sat down at the computer, my head started to hurt and I felt a little fuzzy. I still don't think I'm going to do a crazy, bladder leaking hold, but we will see how I'm feeling once my bladder has a chance to fill up a little. For the time being I'm going to continue researching on my computer.

9:00 - I'm still thirsty and I had another sip of mango juice.

9:10 - No desire to pee at all. Stomach is still feeling bloated.

9:25 - for some strange reason I am beginning to have the urge to hold myself between my legs even though my level of desperation at this point is around a 3 or 4. Perhaps it is because I've calmed down from my scare about water poisoning and am now horny again. Either way, I find myself subconsciously putting my hand down my PJ bottoms and pressing my slightly damp panty gusset into my vagina.

9:33 - at a 5 on the desperation scale, I'm starting to feel the need to pee and I'm much less bloated. I'm not sure if the jittery feeling I'm getting is because of all the sugar and caffeine I've been drinking or the desire to do a pee pee dance. At the moment I'm translating all of these jitters into typing for my research.

9:41 - Yikes, almost lost it. I got up to grab something and noticed that I was about a 7 on the scale and feeling particularly full. It feels like my bladder is lazy after my constant regular voiding over the past... wow at least 5 hours. I got up and ran into my hubby, who pulled me in tight for a passionate kiss and ass grab (I think he was checking to see if I was still padded, which I am not), and I got a little distracted and almost let out a little. He was pleased that I had changed and after a yummy bum squeeze which only served to increase my level of horniness to a nice high level, let me get back to my work.

9:47 - so very horny, I can't seem to stop rubbing myself through my panties. I'm not doing it in any rigorous, masturbatory way, but rather I just can't keep my fingers off my clit. Also I'm at about a 7.5 or 8, and I feel like I'm going to need to visit the washroom soon. A little less jittery... but still pretty jittery.

9:52 - I'm definitely at an 8, I'm thinking that my level of desperation will soon reach the level of distraction sufficient enough to stop me from being able to do my work. As it stands I am still able to concentrate, as much as providing a brief update on this timeline allows :)

9:55 - and now I'm holding myself not only to stimulate my throbbing clit, but also to help stop the desire to pee. I'm not at that 'need to hold yourself or you will wet yourself' stage of desperation just yet, but I'm getting close and it is a strange kind of desperation. When I hold my pee without the whole rapid desperation liquid drinking before hand, I get a full bladder feeling which seems to feel like my whole bladder has expanded. In this case it's not the same, instead it feels like all the pressure in my bladder is pressing down and out, right into my pee hole.

10:01 - and we are at an 8.5 with tummy butterflies. I've only had a quarter of a cup of mango juice since I started holding (after my panic pee), and my bladder is still filling. I feel less thirsty, but I am going to finish the final quarter of a glass of mango juice on my desk for good measure.

10:02 - I just had a gassy tummy rumble and it bumped my desperation level up to a 9 momentarily.

10:03 - I feel like if I keep toying with my clit like this, that I will simply pee everywhere. I really should stop but I can't. I keep playing with the thing through my panties, gently rubbing it against the fabric of the gusset of my panties.

10:09 - I think it I pressed a vibrator against my clit right now that I' gush everywhere like some Japanese JAV star. I also cam craving my husbands cock (or any cock) inside me while I'm bursting full with pee. I'm still at an 8 or 8.5, but my tummy is rumbling (it's getting close to dinner time as I had a super late lunch), and every time it does, my level of desperation fluctuates up. I still feel as though the pee in my bladder is a liquid lance pressing against my urethra (ooh imagery, my high school English teacher would be so proud).

10:20 - desperation seems to have subsided to a 7 as I became distracted with e-mails, now returning to this timeline, it goes back up to an 8. Silly brain. I'm back to typing with both hands, my clit is throbbing but I've been forced to cross my legs in order to stay comfortable.

10:36 - So when I'm distracted by important e-mails my urge goes way down, and then it goes through the roof as soon as I open this Word document (where I'm writing this timeline), so well I recon it I stayed on this page and thought about peeing I'd wet myself sooner. This is totally what happened when I did my Planned Ultrasound Accident ($/25271-a-planned-ultrasound-accident/

), and man oh man, just going onto the Omorashi website to get this link made my desperation got to a solid 9. I'm currently desperately wiggling my feet and going to try to go back to e-mails. I'm also thinking that I should change my clothes into something that will be sexier to wet, probably my favorite tight jeans, I haven't decided yet, but thinking about it makes me need to pee more.

10:39 - At this point I should also add that I'm not really horny any more, I'm too desperate for this. And wow does passing gas cause me to almost wet myself. I just had to fart and did, not a big one but a little tiny Indian food fart, and it pushed me right up to a 9.5. I now can't really stop my foot from jiggling. I'm rather proud of how long I've held on for at this point. A little while longer!

10:44 - Naughty Rachel went onto Tumblr and almost peed her panties. Apparently looking at other people in diapers, pullups and in wet panties and pants is a trigger. Who knew. Back to e-mails. Bad girl.

10:49 - The time to plan your wetting accident wardrobe is not when you are about to have an accident. You know better than this Rachel. You've been planning this all day, and when you finally get close to having an honest to goodness panty wetting accident all you can think about is "gee, what pants should I put on" Bad girl indeed. Still jiggling, can't really think clearly so I'm kinda cleaning up my spam folder, writing proper e-mails it just not an option for me at the moment.

11:02 - so my sphincter is rocking it, nothing it getting out of this pulsating bladder of mine. At least for the time being. I'm desperate, a certain 9, with random 9.5 events, but holding strong. I'm starting to get mild cramps and soreness in my sides and belly from time to time, and I know my bladder muscles are getting sore. My legs are still firmly crossed and I'm successfully distracting myself. Again, at least for the time being.

11:04 - I totally forgot about my timer, but as I stood up to go investigate pants, because it can't be much longer, I noticed the time, baring my panic pee, which wasn't very much, it says I've been holding for 3:12.22, which is an insane amount of time. Now bear in mind that after I stopped using the bathroom regularly I didn't have very much to drink, only a mug of tea and a cup of mango juice, so I wasn't following the procedures all that carefully, but it's still a long time for me. I'm pretty proud, and I'm going to be pretty wet if I don't get off my computer and into some piddling pants ASAP.

11:05 - legs still jiggling, I'm standing up and doing a pee pee dance while I type, which is making typing really hard and I have to keep going back and fixing spelling mistakes and stuff.

11:08 - I located a good pair of wetting jeans, not as tight as I wanted but I don't think I can squeeze into something too tight right now. My bladder is making doing them up too hard, but I've pulled them on over my white panties and am going to try to hold on a little bit longer still. I'm starting to feel like I'm going to completely lose it soon.

11:10 - sitting down is not a good option for me, it's putting too much pressure on my bladder so I'm going to stay standing for as long as I possibly can. Which apparently isn't much longer. Moving to the bathroom, I will fill you all in on what happens when I get back.

11:13 - ok I'm back at my computer, I had a second wind and wanted to keep typing stuff. My right leg is jiggling uncontrollably now.

11:14 - I need to fart again and it's putting a huge amount of pressure on my bladder.

11:15 - ok heading to the bathroom for real now. I think I'll try to shoot a video if I can hold my hands steady (and keep them away from my crotch).

11:49 - Well I made it to the washroom, and had some time to spare. Not very much. This is written well after the fact, and I took a nice long sexy shower after my explosive accident.

I decided I wanted to make a video of my experience for you all, and because I didn't have time to set up my camera on a stand, I decided that a POV video would be best. I wanted to make sure that all the pee came out the front, as filming POV videos of your bum as you wet your pants is super hard (as some of you will know, and the times I've done this, I've always taken time to set my camera up in advance. So I very quickly rummaged in my medicine cabinet and found the thinnest incontinence pad I could find. I use these when I'm shooting a video and want to make sure the pee goes in the right direction. I've shot enough videos of myself to know that depending on how tightly I hold my legs together, the position of my lady parts, etc. my pee can come out the front, back or both, though without help it usually goes down more towards the rear, especially when I'm actually really desperate and squeezing my legs together like crazy.

So I found a tiny Poise Microliner in my cupboard, it came in a sample pack I got a while back but have never used it, because it is ridiculously thin. I mean they say it would hold a small dribble of pee, but so would the gusset of your panties. It's like more of a panty-liner that is a tiny bit more absorbent than the usual ultrathin kind. Anyhow, I quickly pulled down my jeans, which were already open (as I was too full to do up the button, and I think I've put on some holiday weight and I'm a little self conscious of my belly these days). I quickly pulled down my pants, slipped the pad towards the back part of my panty gusset, and pulled everything back up again.

The act of pulling down my pants, in front of the toilet, an act that required me to spread my legs, was almost my undoing, but I held on and quickly pressed my legs together again after pulling up my jeans.

Now without a moment to lose I daintily stepped into the tub, legs still glued together, and tried to get my video to work. It was being finicky, and would not focus, and so I stood there for a good two of three very desperate moments in a really bad bind. In order for the camera to focus, I needed to stop jiggling (and at this point everything was wiggling and shaking, from my feet to my arms). It was not practical to do a pee pee dance, as all you would get on the video would be a blurry mess.

With one last careful move I concentrated on not wiggling about like a desperate school girl about to pee her panties, and concentrated on holding my torso and arm still. This apparently worked, because I managed to get a good clear minute or so of video of me standing there desperately clenching my legs together and trying to cross my legs to help.

At this stage, and it was probably only 5 minutes after I left, so let's say 11:20, I was at the bursting point and turned on as hell. It was a strange type of arousal because I had painful cramps in my belly and I was feeling shaking and my stomach was a little sore, so it wasn't the kind of arousal that suffuses your entire body, but rather it was focused almost exclusively on my clit, which was being warmly jostled between my nether lips every time I shifted my legs and was being pressed between my tightly held thighs, and my labia, which were also throbbing.

At this point I will use the timing from the video, because I had no idea what time it was. So I held my legs together and kept rubbing them together ever so slightly, something that was driving my clit absolutely mad. When I crossed my legs, it was on fire and throbbing, and must have been like three times its usual size.

I had some shaky camera work at the beginning which I edited out and I start the video and my last desperate hold with my legs tightly crossed. After a few seconds I realized that a) my clit was throbbing and I needed to uncross my legs, and b) that if I was going to have an accident, which was certainly going to happen, then I wanted my legs to be side by side, crossed leg wettings tend to do strange things with the wet patch, and well I'm an artist ok!

With this in mind, at about 0:11 I sort mechanically uncrossed my legs, and felt and looks a little awkward. And then stood there like an idiot with my legs slightly apart revelling in the feeling that the change of position had on my girl parts and relaxing my leg muscles a little bit. This didn't last long, because at 0:17 a sudden bursting urge forced me to clamp my legs firmly together again and I could not keep my legs perfectly still, though I think I did a good job given the circumstance. I could not resist rubbing my legs together slightly keeping the warm sexy feeling between my legs growing.

At 0:46 I thought I'd lost it for a minute, all the pressure built up and I was momentarily distracted by my rising pleasure, but I somehow managed to hold on. I think a small drop escaped, but it if did, I was already too hot and wet between my legs to notice, or care.

I kept my legs slightly crossed a little bit longer, but my muscles were getting sore and it didn't seem to have much of an effect.

I didn't have much longer to wait though, I could feel my body giving up. And part of my brain was telling me that this was dangerous, that I should go pee, that holding it long would somehow cause me damage or give me another UTI. This cause a little bit of panic and when another billowing wave of desperation rolled across me pelvis, I broke and let out an enormous squirt of hot pee.

I could feel it suffuse my crotch, filling every little fold and crack with warm wetness. My clit felt like it would going to burst and it felt like it got even hotter, if that was possible. The record button covered most of the wet spot, but I could see it spreading around this point on my phone screen. There was something incredibly erotic about watching myself, live, on screen have a pee accident in my pants (like a filthy irresponsible little girl).

I held on after the squirt, although it was big and I could feel it continue to spread across my thighs even though I had somehow managed to cut off the flow at the source. I reveled in the spreading wetness and desperately clenched my PC muscles, willing them to stay closed. At the same time I willed my body to stillness in order to keep the video in focus, despite every inch of my vagina screaming for me to spread my legs, release the pee I'd been holding for well over three hours, and shove something big and hard inside myself.

I only managed to hold on a tiny bit longer. The cramps were still there, and my belly made a strange rumbling. At 1:34 I uncontrollably let out a tiny fart (I think, or my belly made a little rumble), and the flood gates opened. Pee was gushing out of me as fast as it could go, soaking every last fibre of my panties and jeans. I watched on the screen as my jeans were quickly soaked all over the front.

Now I've done some wetting videos before and wet myself for fun on many occasions, and usually I'll get a nice wet pattern running down the inside of my legs, focused on the front of the back. Sometime if I'm standing funny, most of the pee will go down one leg, or if I'm wearing a diaper, it will spill out the back or along the sides of the crotch. This was different. The pee absolutely saturated the front of my jeans, wrapping around the sides. Had this been a public accident, I could have almost simply walked on, and people would not have noticed from the front, as my jeans were completely soaked.

The pee gushed out of me so fast I didn't have time to revel in the warm wet feeling I usually love to feel running down my legs when I wet myself in tights or tight jeans. This time it was more like my entire lower body was quickly plunged, crotch first, into a warm hot tub of pee.

I almost came right there on the spot, and the warmth that suffused my lower body was almost the same as though I'd cum. I had to fight to stay standing and not drop to the ground. The desired I'd had to have something hard and big fill me gushed out of me with my pants wetting accident, and all I could do was stand there and moan softly.

I didn't exactly cum, I haven't done that wetting while not touching myself since I was much younger, but the feeling was almost equivalent. I peed for about a minute, and towards the end I had two larger spurts as my body took some control, and I then told it that it was ok, and pushed out the last two big gushes of pee.

After all the fluids I drank (and next time I'll be sure to pop vitamins before I do my final hold), my pee was only lightly yellow, but I could still see if flowing down the drain. I was glad I positioned the camera so I (and by extension you) could see the pee flowing over my soaked stripy socks, and down the tub into the drain. A few times I've wet myself in this tub, it's made gurgling sounds as my pee reached the drain, but not this time, like a lady sneaking out after a night of pleasure, my pee soundlessly snuck down the drain.

I couldn't hold the camera much longer, so I quickly stopped filming, took a couple of pictures of my bum, because I wanted to see the damage, and then I quickly pulled off my sodden pants and panties, and threw on the shower. I had to avoid touching my clit and labia while showering, because I knew that if I did I would quickly finger myself to orgasm and I wanted to save myself for my husband's cock. I also felt a little raw. The warm water was sumptuous and I also took the opportunity to rinse out my wet clothes.

12:31 - That's that folks, it took me up until now to write this last bit. I'm back in my PJs (with the panties with the pad in them, as I'm worried about a leak). It's past midnight and I've been having pee holding fun for well, the entire afternoon. Since 2 pm, wow, I've been a very naughty girl. I'm going to go a rub up against my sexy hubby (who is watching TV in the other room) and get some final, orgasmic relief.

(I should note that I took the sound off the video, firstly because my husband has the television on in the background, secondly because there wasn't much to hear, apart from my tiny fart/stomach gurgle right before I lost it, and thirdly, because the one thing there was to hear was my semi-orgasmic moan when I finally did let out the pee and I don't feel like sharing this with the public, it seems too intimate, and yes I realize the irony of this in that I'm posting a video of myself peeing my pants and I've got like 13 pages of detailed notes on what I've been doing for the past like 5 hours, but I don't like to post sexual video content, it seems to pornographic for me, and I'm not comfortable with that).

Well now that you've made it through that rather long experience (13 pages in Word, yikes), I thought I'd share the video with you and some of the pictures I snapped. A lot of them were pretty blurry, so these are the ones that worked out the best:

And finally, after long last, the video:

After 3 hours of holding - Copy.mp4

*002*2016-01-02 14:15

{{ 

Rachel, is it possible to save the video rather then just watch it? My internet connection is to slow to play it.

}}

I think you can just download it from the site here.... I've never watched a video streaming on the forum before....

*008*2016-01-03 02:49

{{ 

Simply magnificent

Amazing descriptions and a really amazing flood!

}}

Thanks!

{{ 

Fantastic write-up Rachel! Many thanks for sharing.

}}

Glad you liked it, I've got more coming :) Been a busy and horny wet girl this holiday :)

{{ 

Wow, what a wonderful and detailed read and the pictures and videos at the end are just an awesome bonus. I have done similar diaper and wetting holds and I know what a turn on these events can be.

Just awesome as always Rachel!!!!!

Thanks!!!!

}}

But wait there's more....

There were consequences to my wetting fun...

$/29327-the-morning-after-my-big-hold/

*011*2016-01-03 22:49

{{ 

Rachel , I thoroughly enjoyed your lengthy, highly descriptive narrative of your hold and wetting. I read it while downloading the awesome video. Your writing enhanced my enjoyment of the video as I knew just what you were going through while I watched it. That was a nice , huge wetting. Thank you for posting it. Now on to part two.

As a huge fan of desperation and wetting, not only watching others, but doing it myself, I do have a question. This whole scenario played out over ten hours, using the rapid desperation technique. What is the advantage to peeing every twenty minutes for several hours, rather than just holding it until you can't ?

}}

Thanks for the kind words. In this case I'm not sure, I could have just drunk some tea and held it. I don't think there was any like mechanical advantage to doing the rapid desperation technique. I think it is best suited for prepping at home and then putting yourself in a potentially humiliating situation in public.

I this case I just wanted to play around with the technique, and well pee a lot building up to a wetting. In the end, because I didn't drink very much after I decided to hold, the hold went on for about as long as it would have normally, so I suppose there wasn't much of a connection between the peeing all afternoon and then desperately wetting myself later in the afternoon.

I really didn't know what I was going to do before I started though, so it was kind of fast and lose :)

So not the clearest answer but all I can think if :)

Hugs

*014*2016-01-05 22:21

{{ 

Rach, thanks for providing such a richly detailed account of your preparation, your hold, and your loss of control. I'm looking forward to watching your video when I have more bandwidth for downloading it. It's a whopper at 328 MB!

}}

Blushes, thank you, i didnt know my phone shot such high quality. :)

*017*2016-01-10 22:00

{{ 

That was beautiful. even if one wasn't into omorashi at all they could possibly objectively appreciate the patterns it made before becoming a solid streak. and your description was omg

}}

Thanks :) watching it again now I appreciate how it was an explosive gush, which I don't usually get, I felt like it was ovewhelming and wet, which was more orgasmic!

*019*2016-01-11 03:57

{{ 

Wow, I finally got to download and watch your fantastic video, Rachel! The stages of wetting that I picked out were these:

1:08 First wet spot appears

1:32 Wetness explodes across your crotch

1:47 A stream of faintly yellow pee emerges from beneath the toes of your left foot.

2:00 Your left sock begins to darken as urine reaches it from inside your jeans.

2:29 The glistening of fresh pee fades at your crotch

That was nearly a full minutes of forceful wetting that you gave us, Rachel. Very impressive!

}}

Thanks for the play by play and I know and I peed really hard too it wasn't dribbling :) Glad you liked it :)

