Little fun and maybe more

Author: N564

*000*2014-11-21 13:55

So I decided to make a new omorashi story to tell you guys and girls. I'm going to describe the situation now. I drank 9 cups of water and it have been 2 hours since I'm desperate.

And now from the beginning... Today is a holiday here and since I was not going work I had this idea of having some fun. Well, I planned to do this yesterday but the house was not empty enough . So I did this today! It was almost 8 a.m when I woke up and I went to the restroom for the last time before start. I needed to buy somethings and before I went out I drank 4 glasses of water what made me a little desperate but not enough to be a problem (9 a.m now). I spent almost 30 minutes at the market and when I arrived home I was really desperate, but I decided I needed to drink more 5 glasses of water and I did it! When was something like 10:40 a.m I was really, REALLY desperate it was a 10/10 and I almost could not hold it. At this moment I started to leak and a small wet spot appeared in my underwear. And since I've leaked I drank another glass of water and I begin to write this in the notepad...

"now I started to leak and there's already a wet spot in my underwear. Well, I've decided to wait as long as I can and every time I leak I'll drink a cup of water, like right now... and my urge to pee is increasing again...I don't want to leak more but I think it's going to happen any time now... Oh my god! I can't stand up... it's painful! Oh... I'm gonna leak again! OK... I managed to stop it without anymore damage. Now I'm watching some videos about girls desperate to distract me... I think it's not working very well."

After more 15 minutes I lost the control and started to leak, and leak. Well... I could not stop it anymore and peed myself with too much relieve that I decided to have some more fun at the shower... still with my wet underwear . Now I think I'm going to start all again because I'm becoming desperate again and I want to have more fun.

Oh! Almost forgot it... A have some pictures and maybe another story later... if you want it, just ask

