Trying to control the flow haha

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-26 23:07

Hi, I'm not sure if this is the right place to write this, if it isn't please let me know!

I was just talking to some people on here, and bragging about my good control, and got to thinking about trying to control when desperate, only I got too desperate!

So, I was sat here talking and reading when my dull ache went to a 'you need to pee instantly' kind of feeling. I ran to the bathroom, and had to cross my legs tightly turning on the light and closing the door.

The challenge was to pee for 4 seconds, and then put my clothes back on and wait, then pee another 4 seconds etc etc.

Well, I pulled down my jeans and peed for 4 seconds, and stopped, fine. Pulled up my trousers and stood up, but a wave of desperation hit and I started peeing full force, so I replaced myself on the toilet. Tried again, another 4 seconds, stop. Stood up, and as I was standing I peed all over my legs and a little onto my clothes.

I could stop it, but then a wave of desperation hit me and I was peeing again. I definitely left it too late... whoops. Oh well, I will try it again perhaps when I'm less desperate hahah!

Thank you for reading,

R x

*003*2015-09-27 10:41

{{: 

That always sounded fun and I've always wanted to see something like that in video form. There was maybe like, one video where a girl pees for 5 seconds and stops. Sadly she didn't keep that going and just stopped the video when you can tell from the audio she still had a lot more left in her. Either way, thanks for sharing! :D Keep trying and maybe you'll have full control one of these days.

}}

Hahaha, yeah, I honestly kept trying, it was a stupid mistake there lol. I need to do it when I'm not at my limit! But then that takes all the fun out of a hold.

{{: 

Ahaha, this reminds me of a time, actually relatively recently where I was trying to do a hold, but wound up so desperate, I wound up letting tiny bursts out into disposable cups to ease up the pressure. Definitely quite a bit of a strain, but really fun for the most part!

Pretty nice read though! Thanks for sharing.

}}

Hahaha, well congratulations! I think if I was that desperate letting a little out just stops the hold for me and my bladder starts spasming and making me pee

*005*2015-09-28 10:02

{{: 

The more you get used to holding and wetting, your brain kinda gets used to the idea of having accidents and it becomes harder to hold your pee when desperate.

}}

Pony, you're right, if I gotta go, I gotta go then and there, and it will come out of me if I can't hold it lol. Maybe I should give my bladder a break for a while before trying this again

