An incident at River Road

Author: schubert-will

*000*2015-05-01 21:32

This was an incident about a year or so ago.

There we were. Standing on the side of the road, broken down at 2 am. Ari had to go to the bathroom and could find no discreet place to do so. "Fuck this really sucks, man." She said, crossing her legs. People kept driving by, not offering to help. Ari let out a sigh of desperation, and said "Fuck!" and jammed her hand into her crotch. "Ah gross." She removed her hand which was now wet with urine, open the door with the other hand, and wiped it on a towel. I could see the wetness spreading down her legs. She was looking around as if nothing was happening, occasionally looking down at her pants. She crossed her legs. "Fuck my life." She saidas she looked to the sky and closed her eyes. There was a stream puddling around her right foot. I knew she was done peeing when I heard her let out a sigh of relief. "I swear to God," she said "I need to start wearing diapers." She kind of laughed, and looked at the ground.

"How often does this happen? It seems like every other time I see you, you need to change your pants." I joked.

She chuckled, sighed and shook her head. "At least two or three times a week." She answered. "I don't know what's up with me but I sometimes just can't hold it."

Our friend picked us up and she made fun of Ari, and put a towel on the seat.

We got back to the house and her fiance was still awake. "Damn, Ari. Again with this?" He joked as he went into their bedroom.

She kissed him, and went into the bathroom. A few moments later, she said "Will, shut your eyes please. I forgot pants." She laughed.

"Okay"

I covered my eyes. I prematurely opened my eyes when I thought she was in the bedroom, but she was bending down to get something in front of the door. She was wearing a white T-shirt and her nighttime underpants (lol She's a chronic bedwetter and wears diapers). She didn't see me, and I barely saw her. I went to use the bathroom. On the floor were her wet pants and panties. The panties were tan and darkened with wetness, and the pants were slighly loose fitting jeans.

*003*2015-05-07 19:07

{{ 

Great story! Is this her only accident that you had witnessed? Do you have any idea why do she have such problems?

}}

No I have plenty of stories. Some written on my profile. I don't know why she has these problems. She now wears pull ups during the day, I think Depend but I'm not certain.

