Careless little accident

Author: Dr. Philthy

*000*2011-09-01 19:29

Ok, so I made mention of a brief little something that happened to me a few days ago, so figured I'd share it.

Me and my family had gone to dinner for a relative's birthday. I have a habit of goofing off with my phone which I try to avoid doing while at the table. Normally, I'd have just left it, but there was some activity that I wanted to participate in that would be over while I was at dinner. So thinking swiftly, I excused myself to use the restroom before our food would be arriving. I figured I could goof off and waste my time long enough to get back before our meal came.

So I head in and walk into one of the 2 stalls in there and figure I can just stand and make it seem as though I'm peeing to anyone outside. One thought crossed my mind, though: standing means I wouldn't be able to stay as long. So I took the next logical step: I wiped off the seat (hey you can never guess how long ago someone peed on a seat) put my shorts in the position of someone sitting in there, and sat down. I never planned on doing anything in there anyways, but once I was done with my phone stuff, I figured what the hell? Might as well get out any liquid you might have in your bladder anyway.

So I just relaxed and let myself go. Now here's where the problem came: I wasn't thinking about how my d**k was set, seeing as how I just sat without thinking originally, so while I figured I was just gonna pee straight in the toilet, my "unit" was kinda sticking to the uh...twins as it were, and I felt the stream spraying my butt quite a bit. Once I realized this, I just rolled my eyes a bit, and (once again carelessly) just nudged my junk a bit to change the stream's direction.

The problem: I shifted a bit and felt something hitting me as I realized I was aiming outward and actually wetting down the back of my shorts. I gasped for a bit and tried to fix things up by grabbing myself a bit and cutting my flow off. I just sat there not believing what I just did. I wasn't sure yet just how bad the damage was, but I knew I felt at least a little bit of the pee run down to the top of my sock. Thankfully, no one was in the bathroom when all this happened, so I stepped out of the stall to get a better look. Amazingly, the back of my shorts weren't too bad; just a couple of medium to large sized drops. I wet some paper towels and cleaned up as well as I could. If anyone was real close, they probably could've seen the wet spots, but thankfully I got back to my seat without any further notice. The only thing now was having to sit at the table in partially wet shorts waiting for them to dry up. (not to mention that I completely forgot to try and clean my sock up)

So that was my brief, stupid tale. I'd like to think I'll be avoiding any incidents like that in the future.

*002*2011-09-06 05:34

Oh, the darkness seat down scenario definitely happened to me as a kid, too.

At least that happened to you as a kid, luckily.

