Shower wetting with pics

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-23 10:03

Hello everyone!

I set two alarms in the idea of getting up earlyish, one at 8:30 and one at 9:30, but as I had no real reason to get up except a day of chores I slept in until 10:30. When I woke up I needed to pee and decided I would wet in the shower when I got round to getting up. I was on here and reddit for a bit, drinking some juice, when I decided if I was going to wet my underwear (what I was asleep in) I may as well put on some clothes that were in the wash and wet those.

So I got brushing my hair which took a while, sitting in my bed to ease the desperation I was feeling. I tried to hurry in case my housemate would go in the bathroom. I got dressed in some denim shorts over my blue panties and a pink tshirt that I wore inside out as I was rushing that much, I needed to pee so badly. I crossed my legs and clenched for 30 seconds as a wave of desperation hit me and I put on some socks that come up just below the ankle.

I grabbed my laundry bag and took it to the bathroom. Our washing machine is in the bathroom thankfully!! I got in the shower and crossed my legs. I bent and straightened my knees with my thighs tightly pressed together and my legs crossed tightly I was so desperate. I was shaking and holding on to the sides of the shower for support.

Despite all my efforts a little pee dribbled out into my panties. I checked and nothing was visible. Then a 2 second slow stream began and wet my crotch and butt. This time there was a noticeable spot on my shorts. I uncrossed my legs and jammed my hand in my crotch but it was too late, my pee came out in a fast stream and I felt myself involuntarily pushing as the warm wetness spread down to my knees and down my legs.

After it was finished, about 2 minutes, there was a yellow puddle going down towards the drain. I turned on the shower and washed some of the pee off my clothes, then stripped and put my clothes in the washing machine along with the other laundry, had a shower and went to my room to write this!

Hope you enjoyed it! Check out the pictures too :)

*002*2015-09-23 13:57

{{: 

Good stuff, yet again. Such a shame that your housemate didn't manage to get into the bathroom just before you and make you wait a bit longer though ;-)

}}

You're evil haha, I did consider wetting in my room but I didn't want to use my towel as I needed to have a shower and use it for that! The adventures of that poor towel

*004*2015-09-23 14:07

{{: 

Good - that'd definitely be cheating. It certainly sounds as though that towel's been through it all before though...!

}}

It wouldnt have been cheating if I couldn't hold on any longer hahaha! And that towel as seen it all

*009*2015-09-23 17:53

{{: 

Haha, no, to be fair it does sound like you couldn't have held on any longer! An incentive to just hang on for a couple more minutes (or will it be five minutes, or maybe ten minutes?) is always good though.

}}

Always good but I think I seriously held as long as possible haha

{{: 

Mmmm, nice pics! I bet it felt great to finally give in and wet yourself – and to feel hot pee streaming down your legs!

}}

I was so desperate it was a great relief, glad you liked it haha. I was watching my streams in disbelief

{{ 

Great pictures - looks like you had a lot of fun!

}}

Thank you glad you enjoyed it

{{ 

Thanks for sharing, that was incredibly hot!

It sounds as if your desperation escalated rather quickly, from browsing reddit to wearing your clothes inside out

}}

No problem haha, I was a good 6/7 when I woke up and then sat around on my phone drinking juice the whole time, which made me really desperate by the time I decided I best get up and do this, I had to cross and uncross my legs whilst finding the top out of the laundry haha. I think I got lost in reddit and didn't notice my bladder so much? Oh well, made for a good post :)

*013*2015-09-26 17:28

{{ 

The 4th one with the stream is incredibly hot, great job!

}}

I must say I'm pretty proud of that one panetto!

{{ 

Those pictures are incredibly sexy. I love the description as well. Now I'm wet. :-)

}}

Haha figures, thank you for enjoying it!

{{ 

Thank you for sharing an exciting , well written story. The pictures put your post over the top. I tried to decide which is my favorite . I assume the first was when you just started leaking, with what is obvious from the succeeding images a huge amount of pee still inside you .I really loved the later ones too when you were peeing full force with a big gusher of pee running out the bottom of your shorts leg of your thoroughly soaked pants. Very nice.

You must have a big bladder.

}}

I like the first one, because it's a stain flirting with the idea of being obvious, but not too bad, and then I also like the one with the stream, I was watching it in awe hahaha! Apparently my bladder is bigger than average, thank you so much for commenting :)

