Camping!

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-09-02 02:22

This weekend I went camping with my dearly beloved girlfriend, Alexis. After setting up the tent and set up a little tarp over a table where we would have a stove and everything, we decided that it would be fun to take a hike up this mountain with a really pretty view at the top.

Alexis sat with her back against a tree stump examining the dirt and grime on her legs. "Hey, Ash?", she asked as I finished off my fiber bar and took a swig of Gatorade.

"Yeah?" I responded as I wrapped my arms around her waist and kissed her cheek.

"Thank you so much.. For being my best friend and then being so open and resulting in being my girlfriend.." I smiled and felt the butterflies in my stomach upon the word "girlfriend".

"Come on", I said and pulled her up, "we're nearly halfway". I held her hand and held my walking stick in the other hand.

When we reached the top of the mountain I heard Alexis gasp as she took in the view of the valley below. She turned around and hugged me. As she hugged me I felt something on my cheek. I pulled back and she had tears gently making their way down her cheeks. I wiped them alway with my thumb and she explained to me why this view was really emotional for her. (I would share it but it was a bit personal and maybe I'll add it in here some other time..)

"I need to pee." I announced and saw Alexis look up at me. I winked at her.

"Here??" She chuckled as I pulled my shorts off and set them on a rock nearby. I sat on a rock next to Alexis and spread my legs apart getting ready to pee.

I looked at Alexis as a few drops escaped my panties, "You're welcome to join me". She excitedly got up and pulled her shorts off and stood in front of me. I finally released and felt my warm pee fully soak my panties through and splash all over the rocks in front of me. Alexis began peeing at the same time and stood for a solid two minutes just letting her pee run down her legs and make a small pool at her feet. We give ourselves a little rub for comfort and pull our shorts back on. As soon as we button up again our eyes meet and we both giggle and hug. We begin making our way down the mountain hand in hand (all cute like that).

When we reached the campsite again it was already getting dark and yet we hadn't even eaten yet so I began making some burritos cause they're good. Alexis and I quietly munched on our burritos hungrily and talked about hot actors (lesbian girls can like hot males too sometimes...). Eventually after putting out the fire we turned in for the night. When we got into the tent we instantly began undressing and stripped down to our bras and panties. I began feeling my panties which were still damp and looked at Alexis who was doing the same.

Alexis then says "You wanna pee?" She smiled. I sat there looking at her.

"How..? I don't want to mess up the tent."

She giggled "Don't worry about that. I have something new for both of us." She reached into her backpack and pulled out two things I was always dreading since I got into this fetish... Diapers.

"Oh no" I said out loud.

"Please? I haven't tried it either and apparently these contain really well so we won't mess up the tent!"

I gave Alexis my classic unimpressed look and grabbed one of the diapers again already looking forward to peeing in my panties once more. I slipped the diaper on and looked at Alexis who'd already put hers on too.

"Soo" I said.

"Shh!" She shushed me and put on a very concentrated face. I listened carefully for the infamous hiss of pee when I finally heard it. I looked at Alexis and her diaper was expanding significantly. "Ohh my God! It feels soooo good!!!" She exclaimed.

Eventually her hiss stopped and was replaced with mine. I felt my pee completely get caught by the diaper as it sloshed around and rebounded onto my pussy before finally getting absorbed by the material. "Wow." I said. "I still like wetting in my panties but.. This is nice.... For keeping a place clean.." She smiled and waited for me to finish.

When I finished she came from behind me and undid my diaper giving my pussy a little rub with the front of the diaper to make sure I didn't have any last pee on me and opened the tent and threw the diaper out. "I'll get it later" she whispered into my ear.

I turned around and undid her diaper and threw it out the door and looked at her body. She had really nice legs from doing track and field in highschool. Her pussy was shaved as usual and looked ready for pleasuring she was skinny like me and had black hair that fell just past her shoulder blades that she likes to keep in a pony tail. Her cheekbones were sharp but not as sharp as mine. Her eyes are jade green and were begging me for sex. I slowly crawled over to her and gently pushed her down onto the mattress my long blonde hair fell over my shoulders and brushed her nipples giving her goosebumps. I leaned my head forward and began making out with her and slipped my hand under her back and searched desperately for her bra clasp. After finally getting a hold of it I quickly released it and tore her bra from her body and began licking her breasts all around. I grabbed them and squeezed them and kissed her once more as she removed my bra and began squeezing my pert nipples.

She then forced us over and put herself on top of me now and said in between kisses "I want to give you a true lesbian blowjob, it's no fair that you got to give the first one" I laughed and scooted up for her. She slowly crept down my body planting little kisses the entire way down. First on my chin, then once on each breast, followed by my lower stomach, then finally my pussy.

I. Cannot. Describe. How. Amazing. It. Felt.... Ho..ly... Shit. All I can say is that I came in no time and she proceeded in fingering me just the way I like it. I moaned. And I moaned loud. We were in the middle of nowhere where literally nobody camps so I wasn't scared. When I came for the second time I may've echoed through the valley with my little yelp. Alexis muttered through her busy lips "That's hot" and went back to work. I scooted up and motioned to her that I wanted to taste her pussy again too when she looked at me with a face that totally said "I'm not done yet" when I mouthed the words "sixty nine" at her. She beamed and got into position.

I tried recreating what she did but I'm telling you, it's hard to give a girl a blowjob so I commend Alexis for being so good at what she did because I am nowhere near as good as her. She eventually orgasmed and almost bit my pussy when she did which was kinda scary but hey, it was fun. Eventually we both fell asleep cuddling naked, it was great..

The next morning, I woke up alone and put on my panties and a shirt that was a bit too big for me but was comfy and exited the tent. Alexis was sitting at the table and had already disposed of the diapers. She was cooking bacon and eggs and sweet Jesus it smelled divine. I sat next to Alexis and held out my hand for her to hold. She eventually reached in between my legs and gave my pussy a little rub down making me feel nice and horny. I spread my legs and felt the pee coming. I couldn't even stop it, I began peeing on Alexis's hand and she began rubbing my pussy harder. My nails dug into the wood table as I felt an orgasm coming while I was peeing. "Oh god." I whimpered as I came and my pee began flowing more forcefully as it was accompanied by another liquid. Alexis finally pulled my panties aside to let me finish wetting and I forced the rest out under the table. Alexis rubbed my pussy once more and placed my drenched panties back where they belonged.

As I write this Alexis and I are on our way home both in very, very, wet panties and it feels fabulous :D

Anyway, I can say again that I'm not actually into wetting in diapers as much as I am into soaking my panties. But I still like experimenting ;D

Another thing is that I've always wanted to have sex in a tent, the fact that Alexis was the one to have sex with to fulfill this goal made it 10x better :D

*003*2014-09-02 22:24

Thanks everybody!

*005*2014-09-03 03:49

Hahaha, what? xD

*007*2014-09-04 03:36

Aww thanks enigma!! <3

*011*2014-09-06 03:46

Thanks everybody!!

@snowangelsliver, I'm actually super addicted to sex/masturbation so that vibe sorta transfers into my writing.. ;D

*013*2014-09-06 15:41

Yeah, Alexis treats me well.. We both don't have any sort of std but before I starte dating Alexis I had slept with NUMEROUS guys.. Yeah I'm a total slut but I LIKE it!! I would love to get called "their slut" in bed with them.. But being a slut and also being myself at the same time I always had standards and would take my guys to take a test for stds before sleeping with them.. That's how paranoid I am

*015*2014-09-07 03:36

*innocent face* I'm glad I'm arousing to lesbians, I may or may not consider going full lesbian instead of just bi *bites nail*

As a mater of fact vikka, you inspired me and I too am rubbing myself letting out little servings of pee here and there to help the throbbing!!

I would buy you an armchair, dear vikka, but I'm too busy coming >;D *false innocence*

<3 ALL THE INTERNET KISSES <3

*017*2014-09-09 03:43

Hehehehehehehehe ^.^

*019*2014-09-12 04:42

Yes it would be.

Nobody will ever see what I look like on here unless someone on here actually already knows me personally.

Sorry to disappoint

*021*2014-10-05 16:49

Thanks!

