My very first experience

Author: VagueUserID

*000*2015-02-16 14:11

First of all I'm very new to this form and I'm thrilled that I found it. I'm certain that for the longest time I thought I was the only person who had this fetish. Even as I write this I am absolutely desperate my knees moving together and apart to to dissipate my adrenaline.

The overwhelming need to pee has always excited me sexually, really from my earliest memories. I would go to to school every day constantly hydrating and as my desperation would build so would my excitement and oddly enough my focus.

I found myself walking home from school at times so desperate each step was wonderful torture. And if someone decided to walk home with me at a slower pace I wasn't always certain I would make it. I had never wet myself before although the thought excited me I would always chicken out and find a tree or a post to relieve my pressure.

It was one of those days when I had company that I realized that another's desperation was as exciting as my own. My friend Jackie asked if I would stay late and walk her home. This wasn't unusual she lived across the ally from my house and her Mom never wanted her walking home alone and I never minded walking with her.

It was about a 30 minute walk home and because we were late leaving no one was near us.. About half way home she interrupted our conversation by telling me that she should have peed before we left school. The statement alone sent my hormones raging. I asked it she was going to be ok and her reply "I don't think so.. I don't think I can make it home" excited me to no end. I was already desperate myself but her situation changed mine as I became more excited.

She told me we had to find some place..now! Only about 50 yards or so away was an ally we used as a short cut and with it a secluded area she could pee without anyone noticing. Her every step resulted in a contraction and moan and an increase in my excitement. As we reached the spot.. It was too late. She dropped her book bag hiked her skirt and as she's began to squat behind a ledge the hissing sound of her wetting through her underwear had begun. I watched as the pale yellow steak formed at the front of her panties and she soaked the ground.

I watched every second trying to comfort her through the entire event even picking her book bag up as she pulled her soaked underwear off tossing them in the trash bin next to where she peed. I repeatedly told her it was ok things happen but she seemed mortified.

The rest of the walk home was torture for me.. I was so desperate and horny I could barely walk and when we finally got home I ran into the house I ran as best I could upstairs and as I stood at the edge of the toilet to pee I was to hard to start. I began to masturbate, the sight, sound and scents of the past 20 minutes causing me to cum so hard I thought I might pass out.

Then the wait... After cumming I can't pee straight away. The pressure began to build and as I waited to release I stripped my school pants and shirt off and stepped into the tub wanting to feel the same sensation as Jackie .. wetting my boxers. After a minute or two it happened. The first dribble discoloring the grey fabric and as I relaxed a burst soaking the front and I began wetting right down my own leg.

No one was home so after I finished and felt the wet warm feeling of my shame I showered in my boxers, wrung them out and put them on my radiator to dry.

I've never told anyone about this so I hope you've enjoyed it as much as I have the memory all these years.

