Drunk wetting

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-11-13 18:01

Okay, so this one will need some explaining. I was at the party with some friends but I was drunk out of my friggin' head so I don't remember a goddamn thing. I only heard this from some of my friends after. I asked them where I was at this point in the party. Apparently I was on a tire swing, singing "Wrecking Ball"...

According to said friends there was a few girls sticking in a group and hadn't left it since the party began and they had been hogging one of the keg stands. Which sucked, though at this point I don't think I needed more to drink. Anyway my friend described them as "Probably some 7's and a couple of 8's". So that's decent enough. They had finally left the drinks area and were making their way towards your humble narrator who was naked on a tire swing(I'm still surprised I did that). They were apprently laughing their ass off at my incredible(Awful) singing.

At this point one of my friends pointed out that a blonde girl at the back wearing jeans was laughing super hard. This is how he described it.

"She were holding her stomach and bending over forward, laughing hard as fuck, I swear she was gonna pass out or somethin'. So she suddenly starts screaming that she's pissin' herself and sure as shit. She fuckin' is!"

(-Laughter from other friends-)

"It's going down her ass and pooling on the fucking ground. It were fuckin' great. It's a shame though, she were quite fit."

I wished they got a video of it...or atleast a picture.

Fucking Wreacking Ball What the hell was I thinking?

