Fun with plastic panties

Author: Wet Bunches

*000*2014-01-14 20:24

Hey all!

So I wrote on my blog (with pictures) about an amazing experience I had yesterday, and I just had to share it with you on here as well!

I woke up early on Monday morning for work, absolutely desperate to pee!

My bladder was so full and swollen, that every slight touch made me feel like I might explode.

But I didn't want to use the bathroom. I wanted to feel desperate for as long as possible.

I put on white cotton knickers, and a pair of black tights - then over the top of them I slipped on a special pair of plastic panties. The elastic top to these and the pressure from my tights was almost unbearable on my tummy! Every movement I made as I got ready - from bending over to slip my shoes on, to picking up my bag - resonated in my bladder and I had to fight back every urge to let even a little bit slip out. I knew that if I started to leak a little, I wouldn't be able to fight back the flooding!

I locked the house, and went to the car, it was awkward to get in, but once I sat down and put pressure on my crotch, I felt a little relieved.

A short trip later, and I was at work. I'm the only one in the building for a while after I arrive, so as I sat on the floor to reach some power plugs, and I took a little up-skirt shot of my empty plastic pants.

I sat down at my desk, and began to work. I could hardly concentrate. I could feel the urge to pee in every part of my body. My bladder ached, and my body kept twitching. The only things I could do to make it better was to jiggle around in my seat, wriggling my bottom around, sit with my hands cupping and pressing my crotch.

Colleagues began to fill in around me. I got brought a couple of cups of coffee. I knew as soon as I drank one, that would be it.

And I was right...

After half a cup of coffee, the only thing stopping me from soaking everything were my two fingers secretly up my skirt under the desk, pressed against my pee hole.

As soon as I decided in my head that it was time, my whole body took over and it felt like every muscle in my lower half worked to force out my pee as quick as possible. It was instantaneous, and rushed, and powerful. I felt ecstatic. It was incredible.

My plastic panties filled up all around my bum. I could feel the level of pee filling up past my crotch and around the sides.

I had to keep as still as possible, a slight movement wrong, and the seal around my legs might be compromised, and I'd let out a river of pee all over my seat and the floor!

I had to hold back some pee too, because any more released would mean overflowing.

I sat in a pool of my own piss for another half hour of my shift. Just as I was about to go and stand up, someone in the room called a meeting - meaning lots of people sitting and standing around waiting and chatting and blocking my exit path. I had to leave, everyone knew that i had finished my shift. I was so nervous that I would leak pee everywhere and get caught.

I anxiously and carefully stood up, I felt my face flush red, and felt little trickles of pee run down my inner legs into my shoes. I grabbed my bag, put my head down, and shuffled out through the masses. I don't think I was noticed, luckily my black tights hid a lot of the damp patches.

On my way home in the car, I peed some more. It felt amazing, and made me drive so much faster! oops!

When I arrived home, I stood in the shared garden, in full view of any neighbours that might have been peeking through the windows... put my hand up my skirt, and in a little flick of the wrist pulled my panties to the side, breaking the seal, and letting all of the pee out all over the concrete floor. It made a huge splatting sound, and sprayed well over a metre away from me. It soaked my tights and filled my shoes too!

I loved that I made my mark on the floor too.

I stayed indoors for a little while, with all of my naughty pee soaked clothes still on, then when I was slightly drier, I went out running errands in them too. I love getting on with normal things, knowing that I'm covered in pee.

###

I won't repost blog stuff much on here - but I just had to share this one! It was so much fun I'm thinking of wearing them again to work tomorrow.

Does anyone else wear them?



BLOG: wetbunches.blogspot.com

*003*2014-01-15 16:03

@corsa - thank you! Glad you like it. I have a real thing for carrying on like normal but in pee soaked clothes. It feels so naughty and nice!

@RachelKirwan - Thanks so much! I've been loving the stories and experiences you write about on here for a while :)

*007*2014-01-16 10:52

@Redd I like that you had one special place that you liked to let a little more go! I've not had the opportunity to wear an adult nappy yet, but I'm so excited to do that. Hopefully soon :)

@pappy <3 !

*011*2014-01-30 22:02

@YuugiOrichalcosKing - thank you :) so glad you like it

@shiny - Can't believe you read them in one sitting, that's a lot of patience! Just reading the phrase "filling the shoes" get's me all excited! hehe. I will endeavour to give more details about what I wear in future posts :)

@pissypants2005 - I haven't actually done diapers yet at all. It's something I'm planning for the very near future. I can't wait - I daydream about it all of the time!

