I peed my jeans! (video)

Author: YellowPants

*000*2013-08-03 22:10

Well, what can I say :P

I had the house to myself for the day, so I decided to hold for a while, and then pee myself - properly.

So, I don't need to describe what I was wearing - just watch the video.

I started everything off by making sure I was hydrated to begin with. Then I made a really strong cup of coffee, drank it and then drank one pint (just over half a liter) of water immediately after. About 15 minutes later I was already needing to go. I went out and bought a can of energy drink (can't remember the size, but it was fairly big) and did the same thing again - after finishing it I drank another pint of water.

After that, it didn't take long at all for me to become very desperate. I could almost feel my bladder getting bigger by the second. I decided to try to drink one more glass of water.

When I knew I was close, I wanted to pee straight into the clothes I was wearing already, but I also felt that there would be even more point in it if others could enjoy it too. So I filmed it, despite being nervous as hell. I grabbed my phone and shuffled, hunched over slightly, into the bathroom where I stood in the shower fully clothed (save for my bare feet). I forced myself to stand straight, legs apart, without holding myself with my hands.

It really didn't take long at all for my muscles to finally give up. As I felt the first few trickles escape, I hit record. This is the result:

20130803_165607.mp4

It felt weird, peeing myself while I knew I was recording it. I think that, for this reason, my pee came out slower than it usually would... I'd have liked to soak my jeans really fast but hey, maybe I'll get a chance to try it again sometime.

I had really missed the feeling of my jeans becoming warm and wet, the dampness spreading and the stream coming through my boxers and down the legs of my jeans.

EDIT: I've just realised that the video is rotated... There are ways around it, just look at your video player's options. I know for a fact that VLC has this ability.

*002*2013-08-03 22:24

{{ 

Thanks for the video, really enjoyed it!

}}

And thank you for watching! ^.^

*004*2013-08-04 09:26

{{ 

Wow! Awesome video!! Keep up the good work!

}}

Thank you so much! :)

Glad you enjoyed it.

*014*2014-05-29 22:01

{{ 

Wow you really had to pee :p I liked your video you should do more for sure.

}}

{{ 

Great video! Hope you make more.

}}

{{ 

Incredibly hot! I love everything about this pants piss. I do hope you will do more.

}}

{{ 

Im not much for male wetting, but i do like your video. :D

}}

{{ 

Very cool video..Thank you.

}}

Wow, thank you all so much! ^_^ I was unaware of your new comments here until just now because I don't get notifications for this thread :P

You all make me very happy :)

