Correction to my post on Sat Aug 27

Author: Alstradamus

*000*2011-08-28 14:53

In my previous post I said the best sex I had was masturbating after I wet a diaper. That is only true since my wife started menopause. Before that, She used to wet herself all the time either on purpose because she knew how much I enjoyed it, or by accident which I also enjoyed immensely. She would sometimes pee her cotton panties several times a y and when I got home from work lead me into the bedroom where we both stripped naked and she would have me lie on my back on the floor. She sat on top with my tool inserted. With the pair of cotton panties she had wet in all day, she dangled them in my face, still dripping wet from a fresh pee. They smelled sweet and woodsy and were somewhat sticky from her anticipation of this event.

This was the best sex I ever had in my life. Because of this menopause, it hasn't happened for quite some time. I hope it resumes again someday. She has always known that I love women peeing in their pants and panties as long as we have been married, but has never been to enthusiastic about diapers, either for me or her. Since the first time I had ever put on a diaper I was turned on by it, and still am but have to find secret ways of fulfilling my fetish. This may sound strange but it has kept me from ever cheating on my wife since I married her when she was 17 and I was 18. Hope no one thinks I'm a pervert because I love thoroughly soaking an adult pull-up while walking around the local mall. 

When I do this and accidentally get a good up skirt shot I have no trouble coming in the wet diaper on the spot. Then get rid of it and head home totally refreshed. P.S. ...I am not a sissy boy either. I am a gentle, loving husband and father of two grown boys. It's just that while some in this world do things like rape for pleasure, this is just what turns me on and I look forward to living till I'm 90+ and have to wear depends. Then I'll probably hate them! Ha...Ha! I just hope I don't ever have a male nurse.

*002*2011-08-29 13:18

{{ 

Please speak with her~

It sounds like you two have had a beautiful and prosperous relationship for such a long time. Something simple like this shouldn't have to pose a threat to your relationship!

Please tell her what you're telling us right now, show her how you feel... Feel free to show her this post! I would like if you two would just sit down and discuss this and find a solution together.

Also please keep in mind that you can post a reply in a thread and that you can edit your posts without having to create a new thread. It may be difficult for some to follow your replies...

Good Luck!

}}

Thank You, Maria-Sanza.....I really appreciate your kind words and advice. I am going to do just what you suggested. I don't feel like I have much to lose, and maybe it will open up new doors in our relationship. Again, I thank You! Take care!

