Sweet Desperation

Author: Cool bro

*000*2012-04-04 20:20

Yet another story I wrote a while back. I used to be too afraid to give out what i've written or even tell of my experiences. I have no idea why. But i'm happy I stumbled across it. I don't have to rewrite what happened :).

Well this was when I was in about, hmm... 7th grade. There was a girl in my classroom in 1st period and just said to her friends, "ugh I haven't peed all morning, God you have no clue what it feels like to have to go so bad." The periods of the day went on as normal for a while, 2nd 3rd 4th 5th lunch 5th, and in 6th i got to see the girl again. It was obvious she had not yet peed that day. She was sitting there, shaking her legs, and crossing them and uncrossing them. SHe would rock back and forth for the whole period, and i could see it in her eyes, it kept getting worse and worse. In the last ten minutes of the period she was beginning to grab at her crotch, slowly but surely. She was wearing a cute skirt, and just couldn't help it. She is also in my 7th period.

When we got up to go to class, she immediately doubled over squeezed her thighs together and crossed her legs, she had to go so badly and you could see the desperation. In that period she kept grabbing at her crotch and eventually ended up one hand just staying there. I could see as her hand stayed there that the amount of pressure she was putting on it intensified, until eventually she just put 2 hands onto it. SHe kept doubling over in her seat, although while sitting down it didn't look like she was too desperate. Then she just gave one big one and gasped a tiny little gasp and breathed a sigh of relief, face red with desperation.There was 8 minutes left, and I was so excited just to see what was going to happen. 

She kept saying to herself as red as she was, I'm going to make it, I'm going to make it, and i could see it in her eyes. We got up, class was over, but 5 minutes until the bell, she got up and immediately the most desperate I had seen her yet grabbed her crotch both hands doubled over and gave a quick gasp, but nothing... 3 minutes remaining, she kept doubling over, each worse than the next, every grasp bigger and a little longer and louder. She was holding it with 2 hands and crossed legs. 2 minutes to go, and she doubles over for the last time, and the whole class heard her as she screamed, "**** i'm not gonna make it"!!! And the pee went everywhere down her legs into her socks and she sat there until 30 seconds until the bell just peeing so much. That was one of my best experiences getting to watch.

