Diuretics + Plane Ride + Crazy Aunt = Major Desperation for Me

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2014-09-09 05:59

My crazy aunt (every family has at least one of those) needed me to fly with her to an appointment she had in her home state. She's totally paranoid about everything, and a hypochondriac; kind of hard to deal with sometimes. The flight there, and the appointment went fine, but when we had to leave the next morning, I found I was so bloated I couldn't fasten my pants. I took some diuretic pills, thinking they'd be out of my system before the flight. Boy, was I wrong... And, my aunt freaked out because she thought I would get dehydrated, so she bought me a huge bottle of water and yelled at me to drink it.

I peed once on the plane before it took off. Then again as soon as it was safe to get up. And, the rest of the flight went on that way; I was climbing over my aunt's lap every ten to twenty minutes, on a flight that was scheduled to go a little over five hours. I was just about to pee again when we went into landing sequence, so I had to fasten my belt again. I thought I'd be cool; my aunt needed special assistance off the plane, of course, so I had time to pee on the plane after it landed.

But, there was no open gate. We had to taxi around the runway, over and over for twenty minutes! The whole time, I was dying to pee. I was squirming in my seat, holding myself, and even saying how bad I had to pee. I couldn't help it; I was so close to having a very public accident. The people seated around me started to look worried for me. Hell, I was worried for me! I thought I would piss myself in front of a planeful of people.

The moment the lights went off, I leaped over my aunt's lap and into the bathroom. A giggling flight attendant was holding the door open for me, so I didn't have to mess with it. I sat, yes, I actually sat, on that airplane toilet and peed for at least two minutes. I'd only wet my pants a little bit, and they were black, and I had a long shirt on, so I considered myself "safe". I came out of the bathroom, and everyone who was still around smiled at me and the flight attendant asked me if I was "all better". I sighed and said yes, and she laughed again.

It took so long to get my aunt off the plane that I had to find another bathroom right afterwards, taking time away from the airport worker who was pushing my aunt's chair. Then, I had to pee again before we got to the car. My aunt got really impatient with me, and didn't understand why I couldn't hold it, when she was the one who'd given me all the water!

*003*2014-09-11 01:43

{{ 

Wow! Love your story!

}}

Thanks! Not as hot as your plane story, though!

*008*2014-09-11 20:26

{{ 

An absolutely deliscious account of airport/plane desperation - thank you SO much for sharing Lucy! Wet or dry - I'm sure it was a flight to remember!

*hugs*

- Guru -

}}

Hugs back atcha! Hope you're doing well! Been a minute!

