Pretending as if nothing happened

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-01-16 13:41

Just a little background, I’ve been here for more months than I can remember, and all I’ve done is download stuff from the site (lol), so now I feel like its about time I contribute with a story of mine. Sorry if some of my writing doesn’t make sense, I haven’t written essays like this for a long time, now, I’m not really good with writing, and the editor is a little weird lol. This was an experience of mine a couple of days ago.

University was about to start again, so a couple of my friends from the math department invited me to go out with them to a restaurant. I don’t have much friends, so for me, this was a highlight of my otherwise boring life. We met up there around 7.

It was a nice Spanish-style restaurant. The kind that charged for the bread they give you before the meal, so I could already tell it would be expensive. Luckily, we all pooled up a grand total of $400; enough for a party of 5. The waiter came up and asked for our drinks. I asked for a sparkling water. Cutting back on the details, I’ll just skip past the part where I drink about 5 glasses of sparkling water and the other stuff you do at a restaurant. Those glasses of sparkling water quickly made it down to my bladder (I have certain genetic disorders that lead me to have an overactive bladder).

After a little bit of discomfort, I decided it was time to go to the toilet. I was sitting at the end of the booth with two others (you know, where you have to sit between a wall and the person next to you). However, I had a last minute change of heart, and decided it was too embarrassing to ask my friends to get up and let me through because I needed the bathroom. It’s not that I’m shy, but there are things I’m not too vivid asking about.

Half an hour had passed, but it felt like an eternity. I did my best to not squirm or shift around like I would normally do. I pressed myself into the table a little bit so that I could secretly push at least my left hand (person was to the right) in between my legs. Big mistake. I pressed myself too much, and it pushed into my stomach that already hurt. What should have felt like a wooden table push softly felt like somebody punched me. I gasped as I felt an unbearable sting and my bladder cramped up even worse. This didn’t go unnoticed though, as my friend across from me asked me if I was OK.

The pain made me tear up a little. I looked pale and sick, and I tried to come up with an excuse.

“Yeah, it’s just a headache”

Then my friend next to me asked if I wanted to go to the bathroom to wash up, because I didn’t look to good. My heart went up with joy at the thought that I could finally relieve myself. I nodded my head in agreement, and my friend told my other friend to get up so I could go. I slowly got up, trying not to have some sort of spasm. I made my way to the bathroom in the smallest possible steps.

When I got there, I arrived a sight that my heart sink. There was a loooong line, and the restroom only had two booths. It was either forcing myself to stand in the line, or go back to my table and have the inevitable happen. I whimpered a little as I carefully made my way to the back of the line.

I noticed a cruel and ironic detail; the carpet was unexplainably dry (from what I could tell, the carpet was dark colored). I would assume that anyone would have had an accident with such a crappy bathroom and the long line to it. If I were to have one there, a puddle on the almost clean floor would have given me away. All the more reasons to hold myself.

About TWENTY minutes had passed, and only like 3 girls went in. 2 in the line decided it wasn’t worth it, and got out of the line. Still, it wasn’t enough. My bladder was screaming for relief, and my sudden spasms showed it. After shifting around, I realized that I was a little wet. Although I was hoping it was sweat from all the movement and straining, I highly doubted it. I groaned loud enough for the people around me to glance at me discreetly with their eyes. I felt my face burn up with embarrassment.

A few more minutes passed. The desperation only got worse. Before I even knew it, I was subconsciously squirming around and tightening my fists between my legs. I no longer cared if I was making a total clown out of myself. In my brain, my douchebag side hoped that someone else in the line would have an accident so that if I were to have an accident, at least the humiliation would be shared. My head was full of negative thoughts due to the situation.

I don’t know how much time had passed. My friends are probably wondering what’s taking so long. The food is probably there. I thought to myself that this night could NOT get any shittier. Unfortunately, I proved myself horribly wrong. I felt an almost cozy warmth going down my legs. At that sudden moment, I realized I had begun to lose control. I squeaked loudly, again attracting attention to myself. Shit shit shit shit!!!! I was in one of the busiest restaurants in the area, wetting myself. Of course I fought back. Luckily (yeah right), I was in a dimly lit area, in black jeans. Instead of seeing me disgrace myself like I actually was doing, to them, I was just dryly fighting my desperation.

I didn’t dare to look at the floor to see if there was a puddle forming, out of the shock of the moment and because it was a dark carpet. I did feel small streams around my feet, so I could only imagine the damage I was leaving. I kept my eyes closed and head down. For some reason, I suddenly made my way out of the restaurant, speed-walking out of the line, not looking back to see if I left behind any puddles or to see who was staring at me. Once outside, I panicked because I didn’t know what to do. I was still spurting in my pants. I made my way to the obscurely dark parking lot. Without any other thoughts, I couldn’t handle it.

I voluntarily let go of the rest of my bladders contents. I fought back my tears, as I didn’t want anybody to notice that I was crying, but I could feel a few tears run down my face. My pants and underwear were soaked. There I was, the shining star of the mathematics department, sobbing behind a car with streams of urine going down my pant legs. My hands were shaking in nervousness. What do I do now?

My accident wasn’t visible in my black jeans. At least, if you didn’t look too hard. The glistening of running liquid stopped, so light wouldn't be reflected or anything.

It hit me that now I had to tell my friends. I had to tell them that I couldn’t handle my bladder and wet myself like a toddler. How would I tell them?

“Hey guys, I had an accident”

No. I couldn’t do that. The humiliation would be too much. But I can’t hide an accident! I mean, can I? I could try to, it would be a little risk. But what other choice do I have? I had to just go back, force a smile on my face, and pretend nothing happened. I had to mask my discomfort and embarrassment for the remainder of the night. So I did my best job at acting.

“Sorry I took so long!” I said smiling as I got to the table. The food STILL wasn’t there yet.

“What took so long?” a friend on the other side (next to the one across) said with concern.

With a hidden bit of bitterness, I responded “Long line”

My two friends got up to let me through, and as I went to my position, I made sure to keep my butt off the leather, as to not leave a wet trail on the booth. I sat down on my seat, and already felt the discomfort of wet fabric pressed on my legs. But I hid my discomfort, and got into their conversation, while we waited for our food. The kitchen was slow, so I got the privilege of having to wait ANOTHER half hour, sitting down in my state. All I could do is groan quietly to myself, realizing it would be a long night and long time before I could get into clean clothes. Maybe if I’m lucky, they’ll dry up by the time we leave.

*003*2015-01-16 23:22

{{: 

Wow indeed. Awesome story. Is it really possible to get away with something like this? I mean, didn't your pants show ANYTHING at all? Usually I imagine you could at least see something.

}}

I was wearing dark enough pants, and the lighting wasnt too good (sorry for not elaborating on that). Thats what I think, at least I hope they didnt notice and kept quiet about it lol.

