Accident with my boyfriend

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-12-12 19:58

Hi,

To introduce it, first something about my wetting habits. When I masturbate, I usually do it in clothes. I took jeans or leggins, and sitting at the toilet or in the shower, I fingering myself or rubbing my crotch. And when I'm close to orgasm, I pee myself. Usually, after it I change my clothes, but sometimes, I stay in it until it dries and do it again.

Yesterday evening, I was at my boyfrinds house. We were watching romantic movies, eating popcorn and drinking cola. When the first movie ends, he went to the toilet, but I don't have to go. During the second movie, I started to feel desperate, but as I was sitting in couch with him and he was huggin me, I decided to hold and continue watching. Somewhere before the end, he putted his hand onto my crotch. I liked it, so I let him. Then, he slowly moved his hand into my panties and started fingering me.

I really liked it, but as I was getting close to the orgasm, gues what, my habbits with combination of full blader... Yeah, I started peeing at his couch with his hand in my crotch. First, propably none of us noticed it. About five seconds later, I get an orgasm and he putted his hand away. But then, we both noticed I pissed myself. We both jumped out of the couch. I was completely wet in my crotch and he's got wet ass, as he was sitting in the puddle. He was staring at my crotch, but I didn't said anything, runned to the doors, took my coat and went home.

He wasn't folowing me, so I stopped running as I get behind the corner. Then, I looked how bad it is. I was wearing gray leggins. That grey leggins, where you just clearly see they are wet. My ass was completely wet, my crotch and around was wet and there were few wet streams till the knees. But it was dark, night and nobody around. I had to go about half hour to home. I was still turned on, so I decided to let the rest of pee go out. I looked if he wasn't coming and then I emtied my bladder. I was enjoying the hot stream flowing down my legs, ending in my shoes. But as I disscovered, it wasn't so good idea. It was about 2 degree celsius outside, so really cold, and the warm pee in few minutes turned into really cold, and my leggins were completely wet. When I finaly get home, my legs were almost frozen. I went straigh to the bathroom and took hot shower. Still fully clothed, having pissed leggins, pee filled shoes, shirt, coat, everything on. Then I let it dry.

To sum it up, it was embarassing, and propably I'm now single(he look he's not into omo and he didn't text me since it, even if it's almost 24hour past), but it was (pariculary)great experience.

*011*2015-12-19 14:25

{{ 

I hope you don't mind me asking, but did you two already have contact again?

}}

Yes, we talked. He said he don't want to be with small baby who couldn't control her urine, even if I tried explain to him my bladders was full and I was so relaxed at the moment, so I couldn't control it.

