Wet evening in public

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-10-07 20:47

I never pissed my pants on purpose in public. Only if I had long skirt over them or snowpants or whatever so nobody could see I'm wet.

Today, I went for a walk. When I came to near park, I started feeling quite desperated. So I went to the bushes, pulled my pants down, and stand for peeing. But I didn't started peeing. I get an idea of wetting my pants. I had only dark leggins, wellies (as it was raining all day), tshirt and jumper. It was getting dark outside and my house was about half hour walk far. After it, I stand up, take my leggins back on and I went out of the bushes, still needing to pee.

I looked around. Nobody was there, except one girl running with dog. When she was passing me, I started peeing my leggins. I was walking and enjoying the hot pee coming down my legs, into my wellies. Even if it was dark outside, it was really easy to see I pissed myself. But I didn't mind and continued. I wanted to go around the park (about 15minutes) and then go home. When I get to one corner of park, my leggins were particulary dry, so I peed again(I didn't emptyed my bladder before).

Across the street, there was small nonstop shop. I never was there, so I went in and bought three cans of energy drinks. The shop assistant propably noticed my wet leggins when I was paying. He looked at my crotch and asked if I know that they will make me need to pee. I replied that that's what I want and left the shop, seeing his strange face after my answer. After I left the shop, I drank all of them and continued on my way. I was making little peeing to keep my leggins wet. As I met only one boy, I decided to go around the park once again. I met 8 peoples, 5 of them propably didn't noticed it. The strange looking of the others when they sawed my wet leggins turned my up.

I went home. I had to go for 30 minutes and I was really turned on. So I decided to poop into my leggins. I stopped and after few minutes of trying, I started pooping. When I had big mess in my panties, I made few steps. It was all at one place, which I didn't like, so I set on the ground to make the mess smear all around my ass. I continued on my way home. I was so turned on, and as it was dark outside and nobody around, I started fingering myself. When I was in half of way, I sawed large puddle after rain in next street. The street was lonely, so I went there, sit into puddle and fingered myself. I can't believe I did it, but it was amazing. When I came home, I was wet, messy and horny. So I went to my garden, where I had barrel full of water. I get in and had few orgasms in there. Then I finqlly went to bathroom and cleaned it.

Even if some peoples seen me peeing pants and one man saw me in the puddle, they couldn't see my face or at least, they don't know me.

