The risk of hiding it in public yet again

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-01-20 06:50

So a while back, I wrote about an incident that happened to me about a week ago, where I peed my pants while outside with my friends. Luckily, I was wearing dark jeans, so the wetness didn't show (at least I hope they didnt see and arent saying anything lol). So today, I decided that when I was done with my class, I would try wetting some dark jeans again, and at nighttime (still trying to build the courage to have a daytime "accident")

I put on my favorite pair of panties, some dark-black khaki pants and a cozy jacket. Before I went to graph theory today, I stopped by a CVS. I was kind of late to class, so I decided to cheat my way through this today, and took the easy route by buying a small pack of diuretics, and a large iced tea. I swallowed the water pill as soon as I stepped out of the CVS, and begun drinking my first drink.

It took about 20 minutes to get to the university, and by then, I felt a little ache in my abdomen. The diuretics were already taking effect. I was feeling cheerful already!

Unfortunately, the classroom was on the first floor, so I didn't have to climb any stairs to exercise my bladder. What I did have a little time for was to get to the vending machine and buy an ice cold bottle of Pepsi. I arrived with just a couple of minutes to spare, and quickly set myself up.

I doubt anyone here would want to know what I do in graph theory (unless you want to be a mathematician or something lol, idk), so I'll just skip to the juicy part.

I did what any hard-working student would do, just take notes and read from the book a little. I kept alternating between drinking my Pepsi and putting my hand on my lap. I felt the growing urgency of my bladder, slowly getting more and more unbearable. At some times, I debated with myself if I should go to the bathroom. I wanted to have an accident, but not in class. If I were to wet myself in class, going back would be unbearably awkward afterwards.

I ultimately decided to wait. I moaned quietly, shifted in my seat a little, kept crossing my legs. I did everything possible to hold in my growing desperation, while concentrating on the notes. There was a small moment near the end of class where I spurted a little, and could have sworn I was going to lose it on the spot.

After an agonizing hour and a half, class ended and was dismissed. I wanted to run out the door, but knew that any sort of sudden movement would make my bladder muscles contract (I think that's how it works) and let the floodgates open. So I carefully got up, packed up as fast as possible, and calmly walked out. I had to fight the urge of bending over and pushing my hands up my crotch, to not make a scene.

I walked to my car in baby steps. I then realized that I couldn't drive like this. I mean, I have gotten desperate in traffic before, and have had accidents while driving, but I have never started the car up already bursting. I didn't want to get into a car accident because I was too busy focusing on my bladder. I didn't want that kind of a accident.

So I made my way to the restroom inside the classroom building. I couldn't help but giggle a little. It is one thing to have an accident, because you feel so guilty and humiliated because you weren't planning it. But having an "accident" was another entire experience, because you do enjoy the feeling of your growing desperation.

Once inside, I checked under the doors of the stalls. I was alone in the bathroom. With a sigh of relief, I entered a stall.

Then and there, standing on top of a flood drain (the drain on the floor of every bathroom), I let go in my pants. I felt the warmth travel down my legs, my thighs, pool at my feet. I let out a long sigh of relief. It felt so good and cozy to feel the stinging pain go away, followed by the warmth of urine and the flow of fluid.

After a minute or so, I finished going in my jeans. I felt like I let way more than a large ice tea and a soda out. Probably was the diuretics.

Anyways, my excitement wasn't over. Now was the fun part: acting normal. I first had to be decent enough to clean my mess. I used paper towels to wipe the floor from the puddle I made. I washed my hands and fixed my hair. I checked the mirror to see if there was any wetness. My pants were dark, but you could still see faint wet spots trailing down my legs. I wondered if anyone would notice? I guess I had to test my hypothesis.

It was already dark. About 7 at night. I walked out of the bathroom, into an empty hallway. That was good, I guessed. I made my way out to the parking lot. There were a few people outside. It took a lot of courage, but I walked by a few people. Nope, no reactions or staring or anything.

So I got into my car. Thankfully, I have leather seats, so there wasn't a mess left on my seat. I felt like a parking lot wasnt enough. So I did something a little less daring, as it would be where absolutely would recognize me. I stopped at a Racetrac to buy something to drink. I entered there, and was greeted by the cashier-greeter person. I went to the freezer, where I shivered a little, as the wetness on my pants began to cool a little.

I went to go pay for a bottle of cheap beer I got. The cashier was a little weird though. Then she caught me by surprise. (not exact dialogue, but it went something like this)

"Are you OK ma'am?"

"Umm, yes why?"

"You seem to, well you know?"

I acted a little embarrassed, and asked her what was the issue

"You seem to have wet yourself"

My heart skipped a beat. Someone noticed it!

"Oh...hahaha, that, it's nothing, it was a while ago". What else could I say lol

"OK, I'm sorry about that"

With that, I paid, and left right away. I felt a mixture of embarrassment and excitement. Someone had noticed the darkness of my pants. That led me to wonder who else noticed.

I drove home after that, content with my little experiment. Skipping again unimportant details: got showered, changed, and got on my laptop to write some fiction.

Needless to say, it was a great experience! A fun little experiment with public accidents. I can't describe how funny I feel right now, I kept on giggling as I wrote this. I can definitely say that it took a lot of bravery that I didn't know I had, and im sure this isn't my last experiment! ;3

*005*2015-01-20 18:15

It did take a lot of courage

Dont worry, this wont be the last experiment of mine!

*011*2015-01-21 13:49

I went to the bathroom because I figured that if I was going to experiment public wetting, I suppose I shouldnt do it in a shadowy area, it would take the whole point of a public wetting. I thought that there would be someone in the hallways, but it was empty

I went to the Racetrac to make up for the lack of witnesses. Really the only people around were in the parking lot which was pretty dark, as I assumed there would be someone in the building. The point of my experiment was to see if anybody would be able to tell if I had wet myself in dark jeans, and only the cashier saw

*013*2015-01-22 01:35

I'm just starting graph theory though

We spent that day (when I wet myself) discussing the seven bridge problem

I'm looking at it from a mathematical perspective. and as for group theory, im not sure about the overlaps it has. I know definitely ill come across something because my abstract algebra professor talked about group theory for a while, but wasn't sure what he was talking about at the moment

And categorization is a big part in graph theory, since here you have to organize given information in very specific ways (relating elements like vertices and edges)

