Wetting in Playboy Bunny Costume

Author: Lips

*000*2012-09-30 08:24

*I will now star posting my wetting vids in the experience section...tldr stuff I be posting before the videos anymore lol*

But anyway, you know, I didn’t go to the bathroom all day today, and I thought it would be a good night to do some wetting and desperation since the next Saturday; I won’t be online for a few days.

So here I am desperate as hell, in my playboy (something similar to it) outfit, and who doesn’t looove playboy bunnies?

At first, I was hesitant to do this because I have to show off the ears, but I have decided to show my ears off, despite the fact the keep falling forward lol. And yesh, which means you get to see parts of my face (keyword: parts, I’m still iffy about showing my face on a forum or in a video.)

So of course, I had drunk all day without using the bathroom besides early this morning. So I didn’t drink much until my errands were done, plus my neighbors were over so I couldn’t drink too much, otherwise…awkward…

So here I am at 9:00 p.m and I just started drinking soda, since soda has caffeine in it and I get desperate a lot quicker that way.

So fast forward hours later, at 1:00 a.m. I became very desperate..but I feel asleep xD

So now its 3 am and I am desperate, but of course, not at my full peak so I drink more.

So I recorded and was desperate and I wet…but I am telling you now, I don’t think the video is gonna come out good. Because my trial version of the software I used to record my videos was up. So I tried to look on YouTube and downloaded the cracked version, and well, I don’t think my voice caught on to my video..so sorry..no sound for this one..again L If I knew it was gonna do that, then I would’ve fixed it sooner *le sighs*

And to top it off, I had to turn around and show the stream because for some reason, it didn’t show too good in the front. So I guess this is how unitards suppose to do when you pee in them? If that’s what it’s suppose to do for the pee to come out in the back..then my apologies..first time wetting in a unitard so I didn’t know xD

But really though, it didn’t come out like I wanted it to, so i will try to make up for it.

TL; DR?

In other words...i kinda fucked up the video with difficulties. But I will still put it on here anyway.

PS. Wearing a bra because the top part of the costume was too small.

Untitled.wmv

*007*2012-09-30 20:49

Oh! before i forget, here's the pics from last night i took with zhe cam

And a bonus..my feet

