My Girlfriend E

Author: MPB

*000*2014-09-04 05:16

About five months ago I was on the phone with my girlfriend E. She had just left San Francisco to make the two-day drive back home to Chicago and sounded a bit distracted. I asked her what was wrong and she said she had just gotten outside of Sacramento, where she had stopped to buy gas, water, and some coffee. Being parched, she drank most of the water and had just begun to get into the coffee when she realized she needed to pee. I told her to just get off at the next exit and find a gas station, to which she replied that she was in the middle of nowhere, and the next exit or place to stop was still half an hour away.

“I’d better find a place soon before I pee in my pants,” she stated. At that point I had to begin getting ready for work, so I wished her luck, told her I loved her, and hung up the phone.

The next day, once I awoke, I called her to ask how the road trip was going. She said everything was going fine, that she stopped to sleep for a few hours earlier in the morning and was already in Nebraska. She talked about the beautiful scenery and about how she wished she were already in Chicago, and how once she got in town she was going to take a long shower and sleep for a while. Casually I asked if she’d found a place to pee in time the previous day, to which I was greeted with a sizeable amount of silence. About five seconds or so went by before I heard her sigh and say, “Actually, no.”

“What do you mean? Did you stop along the side of the road?” I asked. Having been together for about six months at that point, I knew E wasn’t one to be shy of popping a squat when she needed to. Just a month before, she had pulled her panties down over the Chicago River at the La Salle truss and peed right into the water. Granted it was three in the morning, it was gutsy nonetheless, and proof that she was not going to have an accident if she could help it.

“No…it was still light outside and I didn’t feel comfortable stopping on the side of the highway in the middle of nowhere.”

“Okay…”

“I tried to hold on as long as I could, but I kind of ended up just peeing in my pants. Luckily, I had a few towels and my seats aren’t cloth.”

I was floored. Not only was that totally unlike her, she didn’t seem too embarrassed by what had happened.

“Wow. I mean, I’m sorry. I guess it happens to all of us sometimes.”

“Yeah, but it hasn’t happened to me in a while. Ever peed your pants, babe?” she asked jokingly, chuckling lightly.

“I have actually, just a couple of years ago.”

“Oh yeah? How so?”

“I was walking home from work at around two in the morning and couldn’t find a spot to go. A lot of people were out and a block party was going on. I got to my front door and couldn’t hold it any longer.”

“Wow, babe. Well at least I know I’m not the only one.”

We continued to talk for a while longer and I kidded her about doing laundry when she got home. I told her I loved her again and not to worry, just to get home safely.

Later that evening she called me and said she was almost home, and that I should come out and meet her. I made my way downstairs and when she pulled up, she sat in the driver’s seat of her car and motioned for me to come over. As I walked over, she opened the door and said in a hushed voice, “Babe, I peed in my pants again about an hour ago. I got stuck in traffic and just couldn’t hold it. I feel like a little girl. I can’t believe I peed myself twice in less than two days. This is so embarrassing.”

I looked down at her crotch and sure enough, her pants were wet. I comforted her, told her that it was fine, and that I would walk behind her so no one would know she’d had an accident.

“If it’ll make you feel any better, I’ll pee in my pants too,” I said jokingly, trying to cheer her up.

“Would you?” she immediately replied.

I was taken aback. I was kidding, but the pleading look on her face made me realize she was serious. My girlfriend, who had just accidentally peed in her pants less than an hour ago, was asking me to pee in my pants so she would feel better.

“Seriously?” I asked.

“I mean, you don’t have to, but it would make me feel better. I’m just so embarrassed about this.”

“Well…” I thought about it for a few seconds, and then made up my mind. “If it’ll make you feel better…fine. But only because I love you.”

“I love you too, babe.”

And with that, standing on the stoop of our apartment, I peed in my pants to help make my girlfriend feel less embarrassed about peeing in hers.

We went upstairs, she changed out of her wet pants and panties, and me out of my wet pants and panties, and we showered together. Then we made love, and went to bed.

She hasn’t had another accident since, but this was only a few months ago. Since then, she’s stated a few times while we were out that she’d better find a restroom soon, or she’ll pee in her pants. I don’t wish embarrassment on my girlfriend, the girl I love and plan to marry, but I can’t help but to think that all I’ve got to do to make her feel better is to pee in my pants too. And I don’t really have a problem with that.

