My week of wet camping fun

Author: Barry

*000*2016-01-03 23:29

I spent 5 days camping and fishing last week with a mate. We drove nearly 900kms away to a secluded bay where we had literally miles of secluded beach to ourselves. In 5 days we only saw 1 other vehicle, and once saw people walking around in the next bay over, maybe a mile away, but we had no neighbors and didn't interact with anyone else all week.

We spent most of our daytimes fishing, swimming, and being in and out of the ocean. This of course meant we were wearing wet clothing nearly all day, and this of course allowed me a lot of time to keep wetting myself as much as I liked. Never before have I had the chance to just continuously keep peeing myself so much! My mate obviously doesn't know about my love of wetting, but I was able to indulge myself with it even in his presence without his knowledge.

We drove up on Monday and it took over 11 hours by the time we had picked our site. We left at 3am, and by the time we set up the camp it was about 6:30 pm, so I didn't get in the water at all the first night. But from Tuesday onwards we fished on and off virtually all day, and I mean all day, starting around 6am and stopping for meals or a walk around to explore, or just for a break as often as we wanted to. There was no phone or internet service at all, so we just immersed ourselves in getting back to nature. As it was nearly always over 30 degrees all day from 10am, our clothes just dried out quickly, and there was no need to change at all during the day.

When we fished we stayed apart from each other, so the scenario was perfect for a wetter like myself. Hot weather, swimming trunks, privacy, a large beer and coffee consumption, combined with the ocean just all led to the perfect storm for some desperation and deliberate peeing accidents.

I started on Tuesday morning. We had fished from first light, but just before stopping for breakfast I snagged my line on a rock while retrieving it. I decided to leave it there until after I had eaten. I needed to pee by this stage, but was enjoying holding on and the feeling of a pretty full bladder. We returned to our camp which was only about 200 yards from the water, cooked and ate, and I drank my fourth coffee of the morning. After eating and clearing up we returned to our selected spots, and I was super desperate for a pee by now, so I just let go completely as I stepped onto the sand, and completely flooded my light blue knee length cotton board shorts. I made no effort at all to hold on or restrict the flow, but just completely emptied my full bladder as I walked. Hot pee soaked my pants and the bottom of my orange t shirt, and poured down my legs and soaked my feet.

I stood there in the beach and lit a cigarette, and just enjoyed the feeling of freedom that comes with completely wetting your pants outdoors. Eventually I waded into the water and unsnagged my line, getting wet in the process, then continued fishing.

From then on it was no holes barred. I just drank as much water, beer and coffee as I could, and spent the next few days alternating between wetting freely as much as I wanted to, or enjoying a hold and some desperation antics. I just left the same shorts on all day, and let them dry in the sunshine as I wore them, before re wetting them over and over again. I took 4 pairs with me, and each day would experiment with a different pair. Most of the time I didn't wear underwear, so they dried our quickly enough.

There was a few times where we returned to camp wet for a bite to eat or for beer and bait, and I found myself letting little squirts and dribbled out on purpose around my friend. Never a lot, but if he was pottering around with his fishing gear I would relax enough to shoot a big squirt into my pants as I walked around. It was fantastic to just freely leak and dribble down my legs without anyone knowing.

My favourite time was fishing at low tide and walking way out in the bay. I had to walk over 100 yards to get into knee deep water and cast out into the deeper channel. I made a habit of having dry pants in first, then wetting myself and creating a big wet patch. I'd then wade out and fish and let my shorts dry out. I'd be drinking beer all the time, so I always had at least some in reserve waiting for release. I wouldn't fully empty my bladder, just let enough out to get my shorts nice and wet, and by the time they were dry I'd just wet them a bit more.

I'd just stand there in the water for ages slowly wetting and re wetting myself, squeezing and rubbing my wet patch and of course my manhood underneath. I got so worked up once I actually orgasmed in my pants while standing there squeezing and rubbing! It wasn't planned, and I don't think I've done that for years, but it was the most intense orgasm I have had in years.

I started having night time fun as well. I wore my satin boxers to bed, and due to the large amount of beer I consumed during the day I would have to get up at least once, usually twice during the night to pee. On the Tuesday, (our second night) I peed before going to my tent. I read for a while, then had to get up and go again. I then fell asleep, but woke up less than 2 hours later absolutely bursting. I had a head lamp torch, but as I was struggling with the zip on the tent it fell off and turned off. I was really genuinely bursting, it was pitch black, the zip was stuck and I was on my knees trying to find my torch.

Eventually I got the light on and opened the tent zipper, but as I was crawling out I had a little accident, a real one. It wasn't huge but I wet myself a little as I was on my hands and knees. As I stood up there was enough to run down my leg a bit. I clamped a hand onto the wet satin of my shorts and stumbled away from my tent. I got to a spot away from my tent behind some bushes and prepared to pee. Suddenly I realised that not only was it dark, but I had already had a real accident anyway, and that excited me. So I didn't pull my boxers down, but instead just squatted down and let go, absolutely soaking my shorts.

When I returned to my tent I patted them dry with a towel, but left them on. They were nearly dry by morning and I just left them on the floor with the outside tent flap pinned back but the fly wire mesh closed. This gave them sunlight and fresh air to dry out with, and they dried with no smell.

On Wednesday and Thursday night I wore the same shorts and wet myself in them two times both nights. It was incredible to get back into bed wearing wet pants. As it was hot during the night I didn't get inside my sleeping bag, but just occasionally used it as a blanket if I got cool during the night. As a result there was no fear of making it smell. With the tent airing out all day there wasn't even a hint of an odour.

I also achieved another first. A naked outdoors crap. There was no toilets where we were, so a hole had to be dug for pooping. I always remove my pants completely and straddle the hole, rather than pull my pants down to my ankles and squat. But in the isolation where we were, I went a step further and removed my t shirt as well. It was an unreal sensation feeling the sunlight and warm breeze envelope my entire body as I stood there naked and emptying my bowels and bladder. Another bucket list item crossed off!

*003*2016-01-06 03:20

{{: 

Interesting and fun story, thanks for posting. I would love to go somewhere like where you went. It's always nice to have some solitude once in a while.[/quote

Thanks Mike. I love wetting outdoors, and it was really liberating to just keep peeing in my pants all day.

{{: 

I also love to camp out and I practically always do it wet too. Many times I am with a non-wetter and have to be careful with when and where I do it, but I always have my moments where I go back to my boyish self.

I hardly ever wet myself at home, but it was when I was out doing something elsewhere. I was very shy about peeing in places without privacy or in bathrooms that didn't meet my minimal standards. I was definitely more content with holding than to be spotted peeing outside, so I'd take my chances and hide me need so that I wouldn't be forced to do something I didn't want to do. Camping out or playing outside were common scenarios for me wetting in youth, and that is what I recreate for myself.

For the pooping, I never could do that in the open. I remember one time when I was maybe 19, I crapped myself in a massive way because I was trying to hold it in until we were home. It was a family hike with my younger cousins in the national forest, which was particularly awkward. I realized that it might not be so bad to take my shorts off after all and hid away and cleaned up with leaves. I had to abandon some expensive underwear, but I don't think anybody knew what happened.

If you ever end up in North America, where it's warm in the summer instead, we do hold a non-sexual wetting week in early June where no one needs to hide what happened (unless that is something they like doing, sorta like me). I do meetups through an identical account on fetlife since that site is more suited for that level of interaction, so you all know where to find me.

}}

Thanks WetOutdoors. Most of my childhood accidents occurred outside, for the same kind of reasons you mentioned. I didn't like using public toilets unless absolutely necessary, and I often put it off too long if I got distracted.

I was lucky. I never copped anything worse than a scolding if I wet my pants. I never got punished at all, it was just treated as an unfortunate accident. I think that made me lazy to be honest. I wouldn't just deliberately wet my pants, but I would ignore the warning signs when I needed to go if I didn't want to stop playing and come inside, because I guess I knew it didn't really matter that much if I did have an accident. Plus, as a bed wetter I think it wasn't considered unusual when I did occasionally try to hold on for too long and fail.

No doubt it formed the future me though!

}}

