Wife's extreme emergency on the highway

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-16 10:31

There were altogether four incidents, where I personally witnessed my wife being extremely desperate to pee and two further events she told me about.

If you want, I can post all of them.

Let´s start with the following as an intro:

It was a hot summer Sunday, which we spent at a bathing lake not very far from our city. We went to an area of the lakeshore with bathing facilities, where you could rent sun umbrellas and sunbeds. There were changing rooms and a small restaurant. A very nice place.

We spent the whole day there, till the facilitiy area closed in the late afternoon. We both wanted to go for another time to the public toilets before we left - but there was a large queue at the Lady's, (as usual) as everyone wanted to go before the area closed. My wife joined the queue, while I had no problem to use the Gent's immediately (again as usual...) - when I came out, my wife was still in the same place of the line. She decided to drop out of the line - "I don't have to pee really bad and we will be back home after a 45 minutes drive", she declared. She was in general right as this was the usual driving time on the highway from the lake to our city.

I didn't think too much about her decision. I had only realised that she drank lots of soda during the last 1 or 2 hours. And I also knew that this always makes her pee rather soon. But it didn't expect anything special regarding the short time of our ride. I just noticed once again how cute she looked, sitting next to me in the car, wearing blue denim hotpants, (dark red knickers under it) a white t-shirt, and no bra, underlining her small firm breasts.

Things started to become actually “interesting”, when we got into a massive traffic jam right after leaving the lake-area and even before reaching the highway. In fact that was no surprise, it was just all the cars from the lake, heading for the highway. We simply didn't expect it, we had never been to this place before.

It took us almost 25 minutes to reach the highway, though it was less than 10km far from the lake. Already during this stop-and-go drive, I realised my wife getting somewhat restless in the car. Some moments later she muttered: "Now I really need to pee. Should have gone though at the lake." I started to become aroused in anticipation, as I never had seen her really desperate to pee on a car ride before! Just by chance it had never happened before. So I hoped, this time I will get to watch something.

Us still not yet being on the highway, she said: "Puh, my need to pee is getting worse very, very fast - that's all this soda I drank...". But she already had a solution. There was a big rest station at about half distance on our highway ride, and she asked me to stop there. I immediately agreed, and was promptly "rewarded" by her, adding: "Thanks! No way I am gonna make it home, I would literally pee my pants here on the seat." My excitement started to grow!

When we finally reached the highway, she seemed to relax a little bit, as it should not be more than 25 minutes to the rest station now. But on the highway, we encountered what I expected - and hoped secretely: Again very heavy traffic! No wonder, Sunday late afternoon, everyone going back to the city! I estimated it would take us at least another 40 minutes to reach the rest station.

She could clearly figure that out too, and things slowly started to become dramatic finally! She told me very seriously that it will be an "extremely close call" even for the rest station, if the heavy traffic wouldn't clean up rather soon. She had already crossed her sexy legs and her upper body made slight movements back and forth every now and then. A couple of minutes later she started foot tapping on the car floor, followed very soon by one hand moving between her legs. When I looked at her a few seconds later the hand has wandered into her crotch. She was actually struggling already very very hard now, this was so obvious.

She finally told me: "Listen, when we reach the rest station, drive right to the building's main entrance and let me out there! I am afraid, when I am finally there, literally every second will count." Of course I agreed, trying to comfort her that she wouldn't have to suffer much longer ("only 25 minutes" I guessed by myself). 5 minutes later she changed her plan, telling me: "Forget about the building. Please drive into the first free parking spot right after the exit ramp. I am gonna pee right next to the car. There's no doubt I won't be able to walk a single step without wetting me at that time." My heart started to race - I will actually see her doing this bursting pee!!

And she continued to contribute to my excitement. A few minutes later she remarked, with heavy breathes between her words: "This is going to turn into a real catastrophe!! My pee urge builds up so fast, it almost seems to double every minute. If we don't get to drive faster very soon, I will no way make it to the station. I will be forced to literally pee my pants here in the car." But a couple of minutes later traffic actually cleared up a little and I tried to calm her down by telling her, we will reach the station in about 10 minutes. She didn't answer, instead she had started to let out short moans by that time. I looked over to her, both hands were now pressed firmly into her crotch, and her whole pelvic area quivered heavily!

Finally a sign appeared, announcing the rest station to be 3km ahead. I looked again over to her and my eyes almost popped out. I saw her unbutton her hot-pants with shaking hands and pulling them and also her panties slowly forward over the knees, further down to her ankles and over her shoes, finally stepping out of them and throwing them behind on the backseat - all this took her a rather long time, as she only used one hand. The other one rushed back into her naked crotch, as soon as her hot-pants and pants were pulled a little bit forward on her thighs.

The second hand went back into the crotch again, as soon as the clothes had landed the backseat. Except her t-shirt and shoes, she was now naked. I asked: "Errr,...what's gonna be that...?" She replied in a trembling voice thru gritted teeth: "Told you I need to go next to the car immediately when we arrive. Will have no second to loose, I am almost peeing now! I won't risk not getting my pants down in time." While saying this, her hands into her crotch and even her arms were trembling severely.

We were now only 1km from the rest station, so I changed to the right lane. As there was a truck in front of us, I had to break and slow down behind it. My wife literally shrieked: "Why do you slow down???" I was rather surprised and answered: "Well, there is this truck in front of us, as you can see - but I need to be on the right lane, for the exit to the station!" She yelled: "Overtake it!! I am starting to pee on the seat any second!" I wanted to explain to her, that we are so close to the exit that we will most probably miss it, when I change to the middle lane now - but then something in me went diabolic and I thought to myself this would actually be a brilliant result! ;-)

So I simply said to her "Ok" and changed lanes. We passed the truck very fast, but in an instant it was clear - I would by no means be able to get back in time to the right lane for the exit. My wife realised it too. Her reaction was "slight" panic: "Oooooh, we are gonna miss the exit, drive to the right lane!!!" I tried to sound as calm as possible: "It's YOUR own fault, YOU wanted my to overtake the truck!" We were finally past the truck and I changed to the right lane immediately - however, clearly missing the exit to the station. My wife now got into a full state of panic, literally screaming: "Aaaaah, stooooop! I am practically peeing!!" She was bouncing up and down in her seat like crazy, next she unbuckled her seat belt, (!) again roaring "Stoooooop!!!"

I got a little bit frightened what she was gonna do next, so I decided to do something "forbidden" by pulling over to the breakdown lane, and again tried to calm her: "Don´t worry, I will stop right here - on the breakdown lane - it's actually forbidden, but I don't care!" I changed to the breakdown lane and started to slow down.

At this very moment I could hear a very heavy breath and looked over to her. She had opened her mouth wide and I expected a scream or a loud moan - instead what escaped from her distorted mouth was a very strange "sound", a kind of "aspirating whimper", at rather low voice: "Stoooooophhhhhaaaaa." I wanted to reply: "That's what I'm doing, we are on the breakdown lane, we will be at a halt in 5 seconds!" - but I didn't say anything, for what I saw, simply took my breath away: With one frantic move, she shifted her bare butt forward to the edge of the seat and took her hands off her naked crotch. Within a split of a second I could hear the sound of a steady dribble on the plastic floor mat in front of her seat!! I gulped. She had actually started to dribble pee in the car!

When we were down at app. 30km/h, she had shifted her body closer and closer to her side door, finally practically leaning on the door. Her butt was still as much as possible on the seat's front edge. The pee dribble on the mat went on and on, she still gasped "hhhaaaa..... hhhaaaa..." When the car was finally at walking pace, she immediately swung the side door open, and as she already leaned on it, she was rather falling out than stepping out. But she got grip on the upper edge of the car door with both hands and managed to balance herself into an upright standing position. All thru her "acrobatic maneuver" out of the car, pee had constantly dribbled from her pussy, there was a small wet trail on the asphalt already.

She hurried into a very low squat and instantly I could see and hear a massive, incredibly thick pee stream literally thundering on the asphalt. As the pee hit the ground with such an immense power, it splashed up again hitting her butt, so she went back up into a half crouching position. The stream was now not as thick as before, but still had a really incredible force, pee splashed back into the air from the asphalt as high as 30-40cm! Within only a couple of seconds, there was an unbelievably huge puddle on the ground. My wife was peeing that very forceful way for about 30 seconds (the dribble in the car not included). I stared in disbelief at the size of the puddle! After another 15 seconds her pee stream weakened. For another 10 seconds there was only a trickle and then she stopped completely. With shaky legs she got back into the car and collapsed in her seat. I handed a tissue over to her.

While she cleaned all parts of her body which had got wet from pee, I inspected the damage in the car. There was a very small pee spot on the edge of her seat, and a quite lot of small droplets on other places "around". Really wet was the floor mat in front of her seat. We got it dry as much as possible with tissues and put it into the boot. She finally dressed on again her panties and hot-pants, before we continued our way home. She was very exhausted and said her bladder still hurts. But she smiled at me and didn't seem to be angry at all.

When we later arrived at our home, I could see that she already needed to pee again! She went rather fast to the toilet and I could hear her pee for 20-25 seconds thru the door. When she came out, I joked to her: "Hm, didn't you say some time ago, you need to pee so bad, you won't make it home? Well, look, you just made it!" She answered with an expression of horror in her face: "Uuuh, just imagine - my pee now and the monster-pee from the highway, all together in my bladder - impossible, I would wet myself instantly, regardless where I am!"

"Oh, you are so right", I thought to myself, still very, very much aroused by the whole experience I had made this late afternoon...

*003*2015-05-17 10:57

Glad you liked it ! ;-)

I will post another experience which I still like to remember very much!

*005*2015-05-17 15:33

Thanks, wettingman - nice to hear that you liked this story! And yes, being stuck in traffic is simply annoying for most people - for us desperation lovers, it is moreoften a very promising situation!

*007*2015-05-19 09:21

{{ 

Wow , very nice story. Thank you for sharing. Did your wife knew or found out at some point later about your love for desperation? Looking forward for more stories.

}}

No, my wife doesn´t know about my pee desperation fetish... I often thought about telling her, but finally decided not to do so, as it could cause more harm than good for both of us.

I have written more detailed about the concrete reasons (for not telling her about it) in the course of the other thread where I describe her coming home desperate.

*008*2015-05-22 05:54

{{ 

Wow what a fantastic experience you are very lucky to have experienced this.

}}

Nice to hear you enjoyed reading it! ;-)

I consider myself very lucky to have experienced this incident!

When I was re-writing it now, I also remembered that at the very moment when we had missed the exit to the rest station, I was very much tempted to not stop on the breakdown lane (actually forbidden in our country except for technical problems) but to drive on to the next regular exit, which is just 4km far. I know the surroundings there, the exit ramp leads directly into a calm interstate road without any buildings around. It wouldn't have been a problem to stop there and my wife peeing on the hard shoulder.

In fact it would have been a "benefit" for both of us - I would have had the chance to watch her desperation just a couple of minutes longer and she would have had the advantage of getting a much more secluded place to pee, as on the highway literally dozens of passing cars must have watched her peeing on the breakdown lane... However, she didn't seem to care about that at all at the moment.

*010*2015-05-23 12:33

{{ 

Gotta love those translated stories that are funny to read but are still very hot.

Very nice experience! hoping to read more of your works.

}}

What I wrote is not actually "translated", I simply tried to write it in English as good as I can. However I am of course aware that everybody recognises that English is not my native tongue. Anyway, I hope that my mean English still lets readers enjoy the story instead of mainly amusing them. But I can very much imagine that some parts may indeed sound "funny" - sorry for that! ;-)

As I already stated I know about two more incidents of my wife being very desperate which she told me about. These two are shorter, but I will come up with them here on the forum within the next days!

*012*2015-05-24 07:19

{{ 

Oh, it's ok! the funny aspect makes it all the more interesting.

Plus, you write well enough to get the general vibe, so it's all good in the end.

}}

Ok, thanks!! ;-)

*013*2015-05-30 09:39

{{ 

Excellent, well written, nicely detailed story Siegal. I enjoyed to thoroughly. I am looking forward to reading your other desperation stories. I did not see this one one the other board, but I spend more time here.

While we all curse being stuck in traffic, it defiantly has its positive side !

}}

I especially have to agree with you concerning spending more time here on omorashi.org than on the other forum - omorashi.org is definitely much better, I dont regret that I actually switched over to be more active here!!

