Naughty punishment!

Author: Lilcutekat11

*000*2014-07-11 05:43

Hello my fellow Omorashi fans!

I'm sorry I have been inactive for some time. I went on a holiday to Italy with some friends. We had the best time! I wanted to post something that happened during the trip. From just looking at the title, you can probably tell what it's about. Hope you enjoy!~

So it was about Day 12 of the trip and I woke up with a small urge to go to the bathroom. As you all know from my other posts, my bladder is not very big. So I decided to hold on for the whole day and not go to the toilet. I was on my own the whole day because my friends went to see some (BORING) Opera and I didn't want to go. I got ready for the day. I planned to take a cab into the city and go shopping and do a few things. I packed a spare change of panties in my bag for when I have the accident.

The cab arrived at the hotel and we drove off. The driver was completely insane! Obviously that didn't help my bladder. He turned very sharply around corners and made me need to pee a little more. He was talking in Italian, so I could understand briefly what he said, but not exactly. By the end of the drive, my scale went from 17 to 29.

I started walking around the town and went to a few markets. And what my luck (NOT!!!). I walked pass a little boy that had just wet himself. It made me want to pee even more. I bought a few nice things at the market, but I couldn't keep my mind off my bladder. By the time I finished shopping at the market, my scale went from 29 to 45.

Then the fun part came! Clothes shopping! If you are a girl, you can understand why I love shopping for new things so much!~ My bladder kept filling and filling and my bladder started throbbing. My scale was about 60 now. I continued shopping. To tease myself :P, I walked through the diaper isle. My desperation was really high now- about a 75. I started bouncing around like a weirdo to keep myself from loosing it all. Eventually I grabbed my crotch. I felt a tiny wet patch in my panties. It was wet and warm. I put pressure on my crotch and squirmed. It felt good. By the time I walked out of the shopping centre with one hand full of shopping and one hand grabbing my crotch, I was about an 82 on the scale.

I was hobbling a around the streets with my legs pushed together, my hand on my crotch and bags full of shopping. I kept walking and turned a corner. A fountain was right there. I could hear the sound of the water gushing. It made me go all the way up to 96 on the scale. I was about to burst. I half ran, half hobbled past the fountain, trying not to listen to the fountain, and into a park.

By the time I in the park. I was at 99. I could feel the wet patch had gotten bigger. I massaged it. I moaned and lost control. It felt so good, the pee gushing out and soaking my jeans. I kept massaging. It felt so good. It just kept coming out. I loved it. It was about a good five minutes until my flow fully stopped and my jeans were absolutely soaked. My panties were so warm and wet, and felt like heaven. As I walked, I could hear the pee squishing out from my jeans and my pants are dripping as I walked. Then I grabbed my crotch and started peeing again. It was so warm and felt so good as the pee soaked me once again and wet my hand. I kept massaging and it kept coming out. Thank God that I was far away from anyone and near some trees or I would have been quite humiliated. I loved it so much. It was the best Omorashi experience yet!

So I hope you liked my story! I had lots of fun at Italy! I will try to post some more things eventually. Thanks for all the support and love guys! Byeee~~~



