Being forced to hold is fun :3

Author: Ronyo

*000*2014-10-04 13:26

As a slight disclaimer, I haven't done anything like this in... Years. So I'm not exactly good at filming, and it was done on my phone which means the video will be a little fuzzy.. I think.. Dunno. Also the video file is... Big. My phone records large files and I forgot to look into changing the settings when I recorded it. Something about bursting to pee stops you thinking.

Basically last night I was forced to hold by Selena Luna :3 She made me drink lots of water and listen to the sound of a waterfall throughout the hold.

Finally after ages of holding and squirming she said I had to hold for another twenty minutes before I was allowed to go.

The video essentially started recording once the clock struck zero.

Depending on the reaction I get from this I might do this again.

Please be kind ;_;

MOV_0001.mp4

*005*2014-10-04 14:00

Guys... x/////////////////x

I'm not that amazing...

*007*2014-10-04 14:03

{{ 

Tell that to the parts of me that are throbbing because of you

}}

So I take it people would be happy if I did this again?

*010*2014-10-04 14:06

Thank you guys x3

I feel warm and fuzzy.

And horny.

*013*2014-10-04 23:34

So this time it was 123Jaz who forced me to drink lots of water and squirm until I had to bolt to the bathroom.

No pictures this time, I forgot sorry, but the video is roughly the same length as the last one.

I'm not gonna deny the action you'll see is pretty similar to the first but in all honesty I'm not good at filming and I was too desperate to care x3

Again, please be kind, I don't know if my moans are as good in this one but... Again I wasn't really paying much attention.. xD

MOV_0002.mp4

*015*2014-10-11 22:00

ANOTHER ONE.

I like doing this I've found =w=

A few pictures....

And of course the video :3

Moany Moan.mp4

*017*2014-10-12 20:00

{{ 

:wub:

}}

:3 Thank you

*019*2014-10-12 21:54

{{ 

Another great video, now i see why Gem was so hot and bothered by it

}}

Heehee, thank you ^///^

*021*2014-10-13 15:50

{{ 

Psh and you denied being lewd.

}}

I-I'm not being lewd ._.

Please don't tell Neko D:

