Wet At Seaworld

Author: 4321

*000*2012-03-29 06:08

Once when I was about 22 my boyfriend took me to Seaworld. It was a nice warm fall day so I wore jeans and a t-shirt. Later in the day it got hotter so I drank a lot of lemonade to help me stay cool.

In the afternoon we went to see Shamu, if you've never done this, there's a part of the show where he splashes a good portion of the audience. We sat close to the front so we'd be sure to get splashed. I had my own motive for this. After all that lemonade I needed to pee. I thought since I was going to get wet anyway I might as well enjoy it and let a little go in my panties at the same time. While we sat there enjoying the show I let my muscles relax and felt a spurt of pee go into my panties. 

It wasn't much and only made a tiny wet spot on my crotch so I decided to let a little more out. This time a bigger squirt came out and I had trouble stopping it. I grabbed my crotch and felt how wet it was. I looked down and saw that my entire crotch was wet with a wet place about two inches down my legs too. We got splashed about then, but unfortunately I didn't get splashed in the right place so my pee spot was kind of obvious. When the show was over we got up to leave and another spurt came out unexpectedly. It trickled down the inside of one leg making a line that ran about halfway to my knee. My boyfriend still hadn't noticed as it was pretty crowded.

We decided to go to the dolphin show next and on the way he somehow ended up behind me, he grabbed my arm and stopped me and softly asked if I had wet my pants. I started to lie to him, but he's no dummy so I knew he'd know better. I told him that when Shamu had splashed us it had startled me and I had accidentally let a little out. I told him that I'd better go to the restroom before we went to see the dolphins. He asked me, since I was already wet why didn't I just finish in my pants. Wow was that a surprise, he didn't know that I loved to wet myself. I am however usually shy about wetting in public so I decided to go to the restroom anyway.

Later that afternoon we stopped at an outdoor cafe to get something more to drink. We sat at this little table, and while he went to get our drinks I realized that I needed to go again. I decided to just let a little out since my pants were still damp anyway. I relaxed and felt the warm pee fill my panties it felt so good that I let too much out and suddenly heard a small splashing sound on the ground under my chair. I quickly stopped, but the damage had been done, now not only was my crotch wet my but was really wet. We finished our drinks and sat there for a while, when we got up to go he asked me if something was wrong as I was walking kind of funny. 

I admitted that I had wet again, he just turned me around so he could see my bottom and stated that I sure had. He was really sweet about it and didn't seem to care that he was walking around with a date with obviously wet jeans. I got a lot of funny looks and even heard some comments about that girl who had wet her pants,but by then I didn't much care. The rest of the day I dribbled off and on and my pants stayed wet.

When we got ready to leave the park and had walked to the car there weren't a lot of people around. My boyfriend asked me if I needed to pee, I shyly answered that I did and he told me to just stand there by the car and he would watch to see if anyone came. I was really embarrassed,but I really did need to go so while he watched out for people and sneakily watched me I let go and completely soaked my jeans, it felt so good that when I was finished I didn't care who saw me. He got a couple of towels from the trunk for me to sit on on the way home.

I really enjoyed that day and still think about it, but am really shy about being wet in public and wouldn't do it again, probably, but you never know...

