ATV accident (the wet kind!)

Author: JohnHart987

*000*2014-08-23 23:45

I had an interesting and humorous sighting a couple weekends ago. (My extended family seems to have a lot of bladder issues. I know at least half my cousins did or still do wet their beds. A few have an occasional day wetting accident. We are pretty open about it and nobody is too embarrassed. I think a couple of them enjoy it like I do. Sometimes the occasional tickle fights end with a sudden run for dry pants.)

I was at my uncle’s riding ATVs with his family. It was he and I and his three teenage sons. It was Saturday morning and we had stopped by the side of the trail for a break after riding a couple hours. Usually this is an opportunity for some bottled water and a pee. The middle son, Jason, was squirming around a little. He’s the one that always kids his brothers that they have small bladders and always have to pee. He usually does seem to be able to hold it pretty well. It looked to me like he had to pee really badly but didn’t want to be the first to go. I wasn’t too surprised, he had two big glasses of milk and one of orange juice with breakfast. He got out his bottle of water and took a sip while his older brother went into the woods to pee. As his brother came back Jason casually took his turn in the woods. He turned his back and unzipped to start peeing.

Just then we heard some more ATVs coming down the trail. Jason looked back in panic and frantically zipped up and came out of the woods. It was a guy and a girl on two ATVs. She smiled, pointed at him and gave Jason a thumbs up as she passed him. Then I saw why. Evidently Jason had started to pee just as we heard them coming. He zipped up but evidently he had to pee so badly that he couldn’t quite stop the flow. He didn’t seem to notice that he was still peeing until she pointed. He looked down and turned bright red as his faded skinny jeans turned dark in the crotch and the wet stain spread down his legs. He quickly unzipped and finished peeing on the grass. Finally he finished and sheepishly walked back to us. We were all laughing hysterically.

Jason was soaked, his jeans were wet to his ankle on one leg and the knee on the other. His crotch and fly with it’s nice bulge were wet to his belt. The tight wet jeans made it obvious that he was wearing briefs or bikinis rather than boxers! When he he turned around I could see the wetness had even spread up the back to his jeans pockets. As the laughter died down Jason’s younger brother walked quickly to the woods and peed. As he turned to walk back I saw him looking down and then he tugged his shirt down over his fly. Just before he got it covered I noticed he had a small wet spot on one side of his fly. I think he laughed so hard he leaked a little. His shirt covered it so I didn’t say anything.

Both Jason’s brothers started teasing him about who had the strongest bladder now. Their dad let them get a few digs in and then told them to let Jason alone, he was embarrassed enough. I wonder what the girl on the ATV thought about what she saw. If she was in to Omorashi I think it probably made her day!

Jason asked what he should do about his wet jeans. It was two hours back to the cabin and nobody had any spare clothes. I reminded him about the time he got splashed really bad while riding. It only took about and hour before the wind had dried his shirt and jeans as he rode. He brightened up a little and said he hoped we wouldn’t meet too many other riders before he was dry. He even said we might as well continue the ride we had originally planned. The rest of us peed, had some water and we all continued on.

It was funny watching Jason ride. He would spread his legs out to catch the wind on his legs for a while. Then he would stand on the running boards for a while to get some air on his crotch and seat. It seemed to work, at our next rest stop about an hour later his legs were dry. His crotch and fly still damp enough to show that he’d wet himself. He joked that he’d be dry enough that we could even stop for lunch like we planned. His older brother even told him he might have lucked out; he didn’t even smell like he pissed his pants.

The restaurant stop was an hour later. We pulled in to the parking lot to see if Jason wanted to try going in. He asked me to check his jeans to see if they looked dry enough. He was mostly dry, only his fly was damp and his shirt hid it well enough. That was a first for me. A kid asking me to check his peed jeans to see if the wetness still showed! I had to give him credit; I don’t think I’d have been brave enough at his age to wear jeans I’d peed in into a restaurant! His older brother noticed they had an outdoor patio and suggested we sit out there.

During lunch Jason seemed to have a hand on his crotch a lot. From some similar wet occasions I knew he had to be itching down there and was probably scratching it. I also realized that he hadn’t peed since he wet his jeans, the rest of us had all used the restaurant’s bathroom. I wondered if he really didn’t need to pee or if he was too embarrassed to go in there with his pissed in jeans. I bet his underwear was still kind of damp. The wet pants accident didn’t seem to slow his capacity to drink. He finished two large sodas with lunch.

We hit the trail again and headed toward the cabin. At the first stop we all peed in the woods again. I was watching Jason because I couldn’t believe he wasn’t desperate to pee. He sure didn’t act like he needed to pee. I was thinking that maybe he really did have iron control. Then I noticed him coming out of the woods. His shirt was still up showing his zipper and crotch. It was obviously freshly wet. He pulled it down as he walked back so no one else saw it. When he climbed back on his ATV I saw that the back of his jeans were equally wet. It looked like he’d peed while sitting on the seat. Was he so stubborn about not peeing when everyone else did that he wet again? Or did he like the feeling and had deliberately wet his jeans again figuring nobody would notice the new wetness?

When we ended the ride at the cabin I was still curious about Jason. I watched as he got off his ATV. From the back his jeans still looked really wet. Then I got a look at his front. The bottom of his shirt was damp around his crotch and his jeans were wet a couple inches down the inseams. He was still leaking or had deliberately wet himself again. He quickly held his helmet in front as he said he was going to go take a shower. His younger brother had noticed me watching and grinned at me and said “He did it again on purpose, didn’t he!”

