Last night's Bedwetting!

Author: Beatrix

*000*2012-06-09 18:18

Heya everyone, I've already got another story for you all :)

Last night I decided I would attempt to wet the bed - again!

I had tried last weekend every night and failed, so last night I wasn't going to let that happen again!

Gemmy and Matty both wanted me to wear my Melon knickers to bed, so I started loading up on water from 10pm. After midnight I had one more drink, and after reading Millan's inspiration thread I decided a double shot of Jagermeister would help my bladder to relax during the night :)

I went to bed and had my towels and plastic sheets down, I laid down on my front and dozed off.

About 1.30am I kinda woke up, half asleep and needing to wee desperately. I held my aching weehole for a moment, and then before I realised what was happening my bladder began to empty... and it felt amazing! <3 I emptied my bladder for a long time, soaking my tummy and tshirt, my knickers soaked through with wee. It was warm, wet, and the feeling as the wee escaped my urethra and into my knickers felt incredible - I'd never felt it before in my life!

I enjoyed it so much I got up, changed the towel and my knickers, downed another pint of water and went back to bed :D

About 3am, I woke up and I was already weeing myself again <3 it felt just as good as the first time, and as I was lying on my side this time my nazy blue knickers with white polka dots and pink bows got soaked both sides. They're comfy to wear as it is and weeing them made them even comfier~

I did the same again after I got up - changed the towel and my knickers, downed another pint of water, and went back to bed. I woke up at 5.15am, having leaked a little bit in my green knickers. I just laid there and had another wee in my knickers - it wasn't a proper bed-wetting, but it felt so nice to wee again I couldn't resist <3

As much as I wanted to, I couldn't risk another bed-wetting as I needed to get my sheets washed before I had visitors so I quickly threw everything in the washing machine before I went back to bed again.

I've loved wetting the bed so much I might have to try it again next week ;) I hope you've all enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed doing it, and I'll write about another story of mine again soon :)

Much love to you all <3 xxx

