My latest wetting

Author: medalpoker

*000*2013-11-02 03:56

I woke up after a long nap at 5:00 P.M. today, needing to pee, but not too bad at that moment. I made coffee, as usual, because I am a heavy coffee drinker; I usually drink an astonishing 5 to 10 cups per day, depending on how I feel. Today, I made about 6 cups of coffee, and drank the entire pot (or half a pot really) by myself. At the time, I was wearing my blue basketball shorts (I own about 3 pairs), the same ones that I did my first wetting in. I also filmed that first wetting, using my cell phone camera, so the quality is not that great; however, you can really see how much I soaked those shorts! To watch this video, please follow this link:

$/17442-my-first-wetting/

Anyway, back to the story. Before I even begin drinking the coffee I made, I was feeling very little need to pee; I was only about a 2 out of a 10. However, each cup I drank made me feel more and more desperate. I was beginning to feel my bladder more and more as it was filling up at such a rapid rate! With each passing minute, it became a little more difficult to focus because I was needing to pee.

It was now about 6:30 P.M. and I finished about 3 cups of coffee. I was only about a 4 at this time, but I felt twice as desperate as before. However, I could still hold my pee and I felt that I was not ready to let it out yet. Deciding that I wanted to wet in my shorts for the third time in the past month, I quickly stood up to change out of my blue basketball shorts. I wanted to soak a different pair this time! ;)

As I stood up, I could feel my pee putting pressure on my bladder a little bit, with my bladder acting as a dam, trying to hold back an increasing pressure of pee. I took off my boxers because I did not want to soak those; I only wanted to soak my shorts. I put on a pair of black silky basketball shorts, without the boxers, and continued holding. I was steadily building up the pressure in my small bladder, but I had no idea of my actual capacity. I actually didn’t really care for my maximum capacity; I just wanted to soak these shorts as much as possible, feeling my warm pee gushing in these shorts like that of a fire hose turned on full blast!

At 9:39 P.M., I posted in the Live Action Omorashi board announcing my intentions to pee myself. I was feeling like a 7 out of a 10 now and it was becoming harder and harder to focus on this assignment I was doing for my college class. I continued to wait, growing more and more desperate until I was ready to let it all out.

At 9:53 P.M., the coffee really starts to kick in and my desperate level reaches an 8. I begin to squirm in my chair a bit and I even post to the board again, asking the community if they are interested in me soaking these shorts. I held on longer and I waited. I could feel chills running down my legs as they were shaking almost uncontrollably, possibly to distract my attention from my bulging bladder. I could feel the pressure building inside my bladder as the warm pee was beginning to build with increasing amounts of intensity.

At 10:04 P.M., I decide that I am going to pee in my shorts and I waddle to the bathroom, trying to hold myself together. I climb into the bathtub and sit down, legs stretched out. My body was also slouched at an angle to help alleviate some of the pressure off my bladder, encouraging my body to let the flood gates open. It takes about a minute, so I know I could have willingly held it in longer, but I decide to let it go because it was really becoming too uncomfortable for me to hold any longer.

Sooner than I thought, a little spurt comes out and gets my shorts damp. The feeling is wonderful, and cannot be described in words. I feel a sigh of relief as I let the flood gates open, allowing my warm pee to escape from my body, rapidly soaking my shorts. I can hear the gushing pee flowing into my shorts, making a distinct noise of a liquid striking fabric as I hold my hand over my penis from the outside of my wet basketball shorts. I can see the stream of yellow pee escaping from each leg hole, running down towards the drain. I continue to pee, redirecting it with my hand to soak these shorts as much as possible. My pee is beyond stopping now; the stream is so intense and the feeling is so good that there is no way I would try to stop. I continue soaking those shorts for about two minutes, letting my pee gush out at full force with no resistance whatsoever. The feeling is incredible! ;)

I decided not to film this one because I only wanted to write about it. I also was going to take pictures but I soon realized that there is no way for my stone-age cell phone camera to capture an image of fine enough quality to even reveal the wetness of my shorts; it was simply impossible to see with this camera, although I could easily see it with my eyes. :P

