Awesome Girlfriends

Author: penguinpeace

*000*2013-03-02 07:04

Boys: How has your experiences been with girlfriends who indulge you in your deepest fantasies with wetting, perhaps even letting you take videos/pictures? I'm especially interested in the girls who give in to it because they care about you, but aren't particularly keen on it themselves.

My girlfriend (kinda on and off honestly) recently let me record a video of her wetting for me. This was a pretty huge milestone for me and her and something I've been asking for for quite a long time. Just about a month ago too, she wet in public outside my apartment through panties and a skirt. It seems to me that she's becoming more comfortable with it, but at the same time I know that she isn't into it herself.

One weird thing I have noticed though is that she is now always hornier when she has to go pee, and especially hot when she's bursting, although the actual wetting/peeing on me aspect does not turn her on. Have any of you guys experienced this?

*005*2013-03-03 19:00

{{ 

Some girls have girlfriends as well...

Anyway, one of my girlfriends became very vocal about needing to pee once she knew I liked it, the other one peed herself one time for me, but that's it. I didn't date them for very long, so maybe that's why nothing more happened. My boyfriends were more willing to indulge in my fetish, but I suppose you're not interested in hearing about those. ;)

}}

Wolf! I was not trying to alienate any one group, I guess I was just more curious about the other guys with their girls but girls who have girlfriends have great input to provide as well! And its not that Im uninterested in what girls do with guys, I just feel that guys are much more keen to give in to whatever the girl wants lol

{{ 

I hid this from my wife for so long. Then one New Years I just could not hold babck anymore. I had to see a girl pee her jeans. I told her about my pee fetish and she told me that she knew for a couple years but didn't really know 100%. But she was cool with it and seemed to really enjoy it. So for the past 5 years she pees her pants and panties alot. She is even more bold than me in public. Only bebcause she can wear a skirt. I do seem to think she does it more for me and not her pleasure because she knows a night full of crazy sex is in store. We even take turns peeing on each other during sex. Our favorite place to pee is at the beach. So cool to just sit and drink some beers and wet your swimsuit at will surrounded but hundreds of people and you know that other people are doing the same thing. You just have to watch for the tell tell signs.

}}

That's awesome! I actually ended up telling her about two months after we started dating when we had a talk about what turns each other on. I just couldnt bring myself not to tell her, even though there was a war waging inside of me deciding whether to say anything or not.

It sounds like your wife is a lot more into it than my girl, although she is accepting. I can't believe she does it in public for you!! What were some of the things you talked to her about when you told her? I would love for my girl to be a little more into it, or even want me to pee on her.

{{ 

>>One weird thing I have noticed though is that she is now always hornier when she has to go pee, and especially hot when she's bursting, although the actual wetting/peeing on me aspect does not turn her on. Have any of you guys experienced this?

As weird as it sounds, for me at least, the feeling of a full bladder is exactly the same feeling as being turned on. I assume your girlfriend is similar?

}}

It must be the same, the thing that was interesting about her though is that she never really noticed herself being more aroused when she had to pee until she had to become more aware of her bladder from my fetish ;) I wonder if it is the same effect for all girls but they just never notice it until a third party helps point it out?

{{ 

>>One weird thing I have noticed though is that she is now always hornier when she has to go pee, and especially hot when she's bursting, although the actual wetting/peeing on me aspect does not turn her on. Have any of you guys experienced this?

>As weird as it sounds, for me at least, the feeling of a full bladder is exactly the same feeling as being turned on. I assume your girlfriend is similar?

It must be because holding it in works out the pelvic floor muscles.

Those are the same muscles used during sex. That's why I've heard that lots of sex will give someone better bladder control.

}}

Yeah that makes sense, it also helps make the vagina a lot tighter which I'm sure helps them orgasm during sex.

*007*2013-03-06 22:32

{{ 

My girlfriend was aware of my fetish before she even started dating me due to a near accident she once had while we were on a school trip, so I always appreciated that fact that she took me as a whole. She's indulged in my fantasies a few times, once wetting in tights while we made out, and another time in just underwear while letting my finger her. There's also been many occasions where she held off peeing until the last minute for my pleasure, but i usually let her go before she actually wets. She does not think that wetting itself is a turn on but rather making me turned on turns her on. She has said it's not bothersome other than privacy issues and the obvious laundry need after.

}}

That's awesome that she knew about it beforehand and her feelings for you were stronger than any fear of what your fetish might mean. I was involved with Youngpeegirls.com for a few shoots and I brought a few girls from my school over to do some wettings for them and my girl knew about that before we started dating too but I don't think she knew that I was in it for much more than the money haha.

That's nice of you to let her go before she wets. Do you usually just not bring it up in general to give her some space and break from it? I feel like I bring it up around mine much too often, although she does indulge me because I think she knows like you said, that it turns me on which she likes.

*011*2013-03-14 22:24

{{ 

Well for me I don't particularly like wetting myself but I still do it for my boyfriend because it really turns him on. I kinda like it when he wets himself because it's embarrassing and people get shy when they are embarrassed and it's cute!

}}

Wait Spitfire if you don't like wetting how did you find this site and why did you join? Im just curious <3

*013*2013-04-06 20:54

{{ 

I have mentioned my pee fetish to 3 of my past girlfriends - one is now my wife. Of the ones I have told only one has actually wet herself on purpose for me, and she was the first one I told. The second one would let herself get desperate and then let me finger her in an attempt to get her to pee herself, which was fun. Me wife just thinks its gross ;-(

}}

Sorry to hear that brotha, I guess that's why sites like this one exist right?

