Desperate at the movie theater

Author: ApatheticSpazzle

*000*2014-11-07 11:38

No actual wetting sorry, the desperation was unintentional.

Last night I went to see the premier of Big Hero 6 which was a great movie by the way. My friend showed up at my dorm room door and I grabed my stuff and we quickly left. I forgot to use the toilet right before leaving but had used it about a hour before so I figured I should be fine. We got to the movies and I was debating using the bathroom before we went into the theater but did not want to be awkward (I was with a group of six guys) so I did not. At that point I was feeling like I needed to go a little bit but it wasn't a big deal. We got into the movies almost 30 minutes before the 1 hour and 48 minute movie started. One friend of mine got up to get snacks but I did not want to spend any extra money, I thought about using it as an excuse to use the bathroom but my friend came back before I made up my mind. I was two seats in and did not want to have to try to get out of the row. I really didn't need to go much anyways.

Well after the 20 minutes of trailers and into about half of the movie it hit me hard. I needed to go rather bad now. I really did not want to have to excuse myself so I waited. About 20 minutes left of the movie I was really getting desperate I was sitting up, feet on the floor, legs bouncing. I was squirming around every so often but I did not want anyone to know I needed to pee. I did notice the friend sitting next to me was slightly figity, I think he is rather cute so the though of him possibly needed to go too didn't help me at all! I really thought I wasn't going to make it to the end of the movie. My panties felt a little damp by that point but I did not feel myself leaking so I clenched really hard to keep from peeing, my bladder was very sore from holding it in and was hurting. I started to feel dizy as well. The movie ended and the moment the credits started I jumped up. 2 other friends did as well. Other friends wanted to watch the credits but I could not wait any longer.

I didn't care who knew at this point I told the friend I was standing next to I was going to go to the restroom and would be right back. I hurried out the theater down what seemed like the longest walk ever, burst into the bathroom, practically running into the stall and getting my pants down as fast as possible. Sweet relief was right there but the pee wouldn't come out. I panicked, I had to go so bad and it wouldn't come out. 

I was nervous about the other people hearing me burst into the toilet. I had to sit up and really relax before It released. It did not actually seem like I went that much but I was in a dizy daze from the intense need. My bladder still was sore after it emptied. I sat there for a few minutes to make sure it was empty then washed my hands and walked back to the theater. My friends were standing around outside it getting posters. I grabed one too. All of them walked past the restrooms and did not even use them when we got back to campus. No one ever found out how badly I needed to go.

Sorry for any mistakes I typed this out on my phone. Hope you enjoyed it.

