A Freind's Accident

Author: Depression

*000*2010-08-14 16:10

I was about nine when this happened

First me and a freind were playing something at after-school club then we came out of a dark hallway and she said she had to pee bad, so she started jumping through some seats and when everybody went she leaded me into the bathroom and went in a toilet, but another girl was crying at the sink and so she got out held her crotch and kept jumping a bit waiting for her to leave, then when she leave she jumped into the toilet telling me to hold the door but dont look so I held the door, but because I looooove pee desperation and wetting I took a peek in, she wasn't on the toilet she was just bending and screwing her face a bit, I couldn't see her pee so I sticked my head back outside and she came out with her pants wet!! she was saying "its really bad" then I was suprised and REALLY exited! then I tried hard not to smile, she crept out and then the boys playing in the garden saw her and started to say "Symbol wet herself Symbol wet herself"

Then after that I didn't see her, the next time I saw her she was wearing something else then she asked if I could get her sandals but I couldn't find her so she got them and the people said "Symbol Wet herself near Isabella" and "Symbol wet herself"

So then I got a yellow colouring pencil filled something with water and made the water yellow then I went to the garden saying she peed in it, the freind told me we were going to play a game and I didn't want to play with her, I kinda never wanted to play with her because she was boring and everything in the games in her idea and she had all the fun, she then told me in the game she was gonna be a Chef and I am a Customer so she put all my toys and stuff on some shelfs and went to bring my toy casa so I waited a bit then she didn't come so I tidy everything and go to the main room and saw her leaving, That could be one of the BEST days I ever lived and if I saw her while she was wetting it would be Better, atleast now the games with her got more fun because she doesn't take all the control. . .

Please Reply and plz tell me if you liked the story.

*004*2010-08-15 17:05

{{ 

Nice story. may I ask how old Symbol was at the time? Btw that's an awesome name, both of yours.

}}

Thanks, I think she was Eight.

*005*2010-08-17 13:19

{{ 

I kinda liked it, though I couldn't exactly tell what was going on. Did she just wet her pants in the stall?

But yeah, I have the same issue; can't take a pee with other people standing around in it.

}}

Uhmm thanks, did you mean that you couldn't take a pee while people were standing in the same room?

Btw, sorry, I don't know if she peed herself on the toilet but she did look alot like she was sitting on the toilet that I thought she was really sitting on it, exept I couldn't see her legs.

Kikyo.

*007*2010-08-23 13:09

{{ 

I can tell you. Where was she wet? She was wearing pants, right? (since the boys outside noticed)

}}

She Just came out of the toilet Wet, and Yes she was wearing a Truck-Suit.

Kikyo.

