Caught in the act!

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-11-14 03:54

Sunday morning, I was doing what I do literally whenever I need to pee now; sitting on the toilet peeing in my panties..

I sat there just slowly letting the piss soak into my panties and dribble into the toilet and feel the materiel stick to my pussy. I look down to see what the damage was so far since I could feel I was barely even halfway done. My panties were soaked! I loved it! I giggled and felt them. They were so warm and wet. Still giggling I forced more pee into my panties.

Just as the pee hissed into my panties I heard a terrifying noise. The bathroom door opened.. And in came one of my two roommates, Beth. She walks in and notices me, she stands gawking at the sight before her, a girl in college, sitting on the toilet wetting in her panties! She backs out of the door, still looking shocked, and I hear her walking away. I swear relatively loudly and pull aside my panties and let the rest of my pee splash into the toilet.

I stand up and wash my hands and leave the bathroom to go confront Beth. I walk up the stairs and to Beth's door.

"Beth?" I ask?

"Yes?"

"Can I come in for a second?"

"Are you clean?"

"Not really.." I admitted. "Please? I just need to talk to you.."

"Fine."

I walk in and don't sit on anything because I understand her not wanting me to dirty anything. I stand before her in the middle of the room while she sits, legs crossed on her bed.

"Yell at me.." I say, "tell me what you're thinking."

Beth heaves a sigh, "What the fuck, Ash?! What the fuck was that?! Like.. Did Alexis show you that or something?? I'm totally fine with you being lesbian, bi, or whatever the fuck you are, but that's weird!"

I stare at her. My wet panties feel uncomfortably cold now.

"You're in college, Ash! And you're wetting yourself like a three year old!! Why??"

"Do you really want to know?" I ask, voice filled with shame.

Beth pulls her knees up to her chest and hugs them, "Yeah, kinda..."

"Okay" I say "I pee in my panties regularly because I think it feels wonderful. Yes, Alexis showed it to me and yes we are very sexual when we do it together. But I understand why you're weirded out, but if you've noticed, the bathrooms are always clean and this is how I always go to the bathroom now. So if you can accept my 'flaw' the way it is.. I would be really appreciative.." I look down at my bare feet nervous because I just released to my roommate about why I pee myself.

Beth simply stares at me. She let's go of her legs and says "You can sit on the chair in the corner if you want.." I sit.

We sit there, not meeting eye contact until she asks me "What does it feel like...?"

I look up surprised because I already know where this is going. "Uhm, well.. It feels really warm and naughty. It makes your panties stick to your area which turns me on kinda and then it just feels so nice just to sit in it.."

"I see..." She responds...

I sit there waiting for her to say something else.

"Screw it." She says and stands up. She pulls down her jeans and shows her lime green panties. I sit there politely with my legs crossed feeling my damp panties inside my pussy which would show a very obvious camel toe if my legs weren't crossed. Beth stands in the middle of the room, hands on hips, looking at her panties. "I can't pee" she says.

"Try squatting" I say.

Beth squats and keeps looking at her panties. She frowns. "It's not coming out.. I just want to try it once just to see how it feels.."

"Maybe try peeing in the toilet with them on." I shrug.

Beth walks out the door and I remain seated respectfully because I feel like I owe her still after the state she caught me in. Beth pokes her head in. "You coming?"

"Sure. Just for moral support." I follow her out.

Beth sits on the toilet and I sit on the bathroom counter. I pull out my phone and begin reading fanfiction. In the background I hear a few dribbles into the toilet and hear Beth's excited voice freak out "OMG! Ash! I'm peeing!" I nod and give her a thumbs up as I hear a solid dribble in the toilet. Beth freaks out more. Beth eventually stands up and examines her panties. "It feels so good!!" She yelled.

I finally look up. Her panties were completely drenched. I stare at them as she feels her vagina under her panties. I finally take my turn and sit on the toilet, feeling the need to renew my panties wetness. Still on my phone, I begin peeing and feel my panties warm up and get wet once again. Once I was out again I stand up and notice Bethany is looking at my panties. I laugh and put my phone down.

"Feels good, right?" I ask

"Yeah.." She responds with her hand in her panties. "Can I masturbate in here?"

"Go for it" I said, "I need to also, I hope you don't mind."

"Nah."

"Sweet" I say.

We then begin sitting next to each other leaning against the wall vigorously masturbating. We sort of casually had conversations while we were pleasuring ourselves (when we weren't moaning). Eventually we both stand up and walk out of the bathroom with wet panties.

We get in her room and she sits on the floor and says "I'm peeing just a little bit.." She looks down and giggles naughtily.

"I feel like I've corrupted you." I said with a laugh.

"Only a little bit" she bites her nail "can we piss together? I don't want to third wheel with you and Alexis, but I would love to be pee buddies with you"

I laugh hysterically "Sure!"

Aaaand that's how I corrupted my roommate.

*003*2014-11-15 06:05

I'm so happy :3

It's nice to have someone now to wet myself with and not end up getting super friskyyyy with after like I do with Alexis :)

Sometimes it's just nice to pee with someone present and pleasure yourself with them ^_^

Totally enjoyed it :)

Thanks for the comments!!

And I definitly will try wetting my panties in the shower!!!

*014*2014-11-19 04:33

Wowowowowow!! Thanks everybody for all the lovely comments!!!

You guys are all my faves!!! :DD

Vikka ;) I can't help it ;) I guess we just somehow naturally turn eachother on *zoidbergs*

*017*2014-11-20 05:14

I feel lucky that this kind of thing actually happened :D

Btw, I've totally got around two or there wetting stories ft. Beth to type up and post here, so stay tuned!!! :D

***!!!spoiler alert!!!***

One of them includes Beth, Alexis, and yours truly....... ;D

*022*2014-11-27 05:50

Thanks :3

