We'll call this one practice

Author: irishgirl

*000*2013-05-27 06:31

I've been with my girlfriend for eight months now, and in that time I've shared with her most of the details of my fetishes. She has been incredibly accepting and even suggested holding for me soon after I told her about my interest in omorashi. For some background, I'm 19, she's 20, and we're both girls. I live in an apartment with only my mom.

A few days ago, we had sex at my house, as we are wont to do, on blankets on the floor, with all our clothes and possessions in reach in the event that my mom got home while we were naked. She got off before me and as were getting our clothes back on, turned to me and said, "Wow, that Mountain Dew really went through me fast," with a knowing look on her face. I got out my roll of bondage tape and bound her feet so that she could only hobble if she got up (she was still laying on the floor.)

I got her laptop for her and as she browsed teh interwebs laying on her stomach I could see her wiggle in discomfort. I imagined the pressure on her bladder increasing from being crushed against the floor and felt my vulva becoming damp and swelling with arousal I rarely have during sex. For a few minutes I watched her, and I decided to speed things up a bit, and went into the kitchen for some water. As I said, this is an apartment; going to the kitchen and opening the fridge takes only seconds.

As I was reaching for a chilled bottle of water from the fridge I heard a loud scuffling sound and a door closing. I sprinted out of the kitchen and sure enough, she had managed to get up and shuffle the fifteen feet to the bathroom while I had my back, and when I heard falling water knew she had given in to the urge. When she came out I expressed my disappointment, to put it lightly, and she made it up to me by letting me bend her over the arm of the sofa and spank her a few times, and harder than usual. Then we ended the sexy time and cuddled and made food. Not a good ending exactly, but she said she would try again another time, and from the conversation I'm sure I'll have a more exciting story to tell in the relatively near future.

