Waiting in Club line x2

Author: HappyFaceXD

*000*2012-02-09 00:04

Essentially me and my freinds get drunk at a house party starting around 9ish and by 11 we are at the club. So i was all fine used the washroom at 10:30 and was ready to go but my freind challenged me to a shotgun match.... 4 shotgunned beers later and we were leaving.

My desperation started to build in the car ride to the club i could feel the pressure building while I fidgeted a little. Then we arrive at the club but its a 30-40 min wait to get in. Time ticks by and i am standing there with all my freinds attempting to conceal my desperate state, curling my toes, bounceing foot to foot, fidgeting with my hands and bending over slightly, for about 20 mins. We were about halfway and my bladder spasmed a bunch and i leaked a little but there was no evidence thankfully. At this point i quckly and steathly grabed my crotch through my pocket and am sure im gona go any minute.

Furthermore, i am still trying to keepup with my freinds conversations. The pain in my abdomen got really bad but i managed to hold out. Then one of my good freinds caught on that i needed to go and she told me about a place around the corner that was open till 3 am ( i am new to this area of town). I asked if she could take me there and she agreed. We quckly got there however, i was hobbling in a desperate pain but was acting tough and trying to not show anything. we made it and i had the best realese in my life but my breifs were still a bit damp so i ended up just going to the club anyway and danceing with girls in slightly damp breifs.

I have a couple pics of being in line but nothing special, may or maynot put them up. Also the x2 was because i was gona write about another time this happened to me but i dont particularly feel like writing more atm.

