Three Girls Have A Crazy Night At My Cottage!

Author: vikka

*000*2014-11-21 17:46

This is a true account of what took place at my cottage Monday evening and night.

It all started in the afternoon with a - in the beginning - harmless chat between a couple of guys and I on an other internet site. We were talking about the gloomy weather, which gave me the idea to buy some red wine to brighten up the day with. And drinking wine on my own wouldn't be funny; wine, women and song would be far more funnier! I thought. I do always act on impulse. I called two of my closest girl friends, Ingrid and Emma, and invited them to my house later in the evening. I told the guys, whom I've was chatting with, about my plans. They got pretty excited, and suggested, that I should write and post a story about the upcoming night. So I did, and this is how the story continues:

I went to buy some red wine. When I left home, I thought two bottles would be sufficient. In the liquor store I revised my estimate of the number of bottles, that might be required. I left the store with eight bottles. As it turned out, that was a wise decision. Well, in the morning neither Ingrid, Emma nor I thought it was so wise. Our hangover was excruciating. To say the least. But that was then. Weighing the pros and cons, I would say, that the pros were overwhelming! Read and judge!

Ingrid and Emma arrived in Ingrid's car. We hugged and kissed eachother. I saw Ingrid only a couple of days ago, but it had been at least a month since I last saw Emma. I'd missed her, and I gave her a special welcome kiss, which she responded to by sticking her tongue deep in to my mouth! Ingrid has her own very special way to hug me. She always presses one leg in between mine, and, as she's much taller than I, it always ends with me literally riding on her thigh, which she presses firmly on to my crotch. And, as always, I responded by grinding it against her thigh. We got so carried away, that Emma after a while had to tear her now moaning friends apart from eachother!

Both Ingrid and Emma are very cute. Ingrid is of my age, twenty years old. As I hinted, she is much taller than me; I guess she is almost 180 cm. She has the figure of a goddess! Emma, on the other hand, is even a little bit smaller than me. She's the nicest girl to cuddle with! She's like a babydoll! She's about three years younger than Ingrid and I.

The first couple of hours we sat around my kitchen table, eating, drinking wine and talking about, what had happened since we last met. And about lots of other stuff. You know, girls when they get together...

Then we moved in to my living room, to sit more comfortable. Emma wanted to go to the bathroom. I raised my hand.

"No, not possible!" I said peremptorily. "It's locked!"

"But unlock it then!"

"As I said, it's not possible. I've stated a new rule for to night. A rule, in which three keys are playing the key roles. Not on the stage. Actually, they're very much off the stage. You can't see them. And that's the point! The three keys are: The front door key, the back door key and the bathroom door key. To make it crystal-clear for your poor chicken brains: Those doors are locked, and the keys are hidden! The rule for to night is: Bathroom and garden are forbidden territory!" I lowered my hand again.

"And now, let's have fun! We've got lots of wine left!" I continued in a now more cheerful and friendly voice. Not so "Mistress-like" anymore.

There were some lame protests at first but eventually Ingrid and Emma realized the possibilities, which were implied in the rule, which I'd stated.

I put on some music, and Ingrid asked Emma very politely for the next dance. I remained seated, looking at the dancing girls. Well, dancing... It wasn't a particularly graceful dance! Ingrid used the advantage of her length to move her right leg in between Emma's legs, which Emma prompt parted to make way. Very soon she was literally riding on Ingrid's thigh. Their skirts were coming higher and higher up, revealing, that Ingrid wore chestnut-coloured nylon stockings, attached to a red garterbelt, and that Emma wore light-brown tights. As Emma forcefully increased her grinding against Ingrid's thigh, her movements made their skirts come even higher up, and I noticed, that Ingrid's panties were as red as her garterbelt, and that Emma's panties were innocently white.

Emma obviously got more and more aroused! And her movements more and more indecent! She was banging Ingrid's thigh harder and faster every second. She panted, moaned and squeaked! Her repertoire of vocal means to express her arousal seemed inexhaustible! And then she literally exploded! She screamed and screamed, coming in an almost everlasting orgasm! I haven't known any other girl able to express her orgasms in such a dramatic way as she! And this time it was not only vocally she showed her excitement. Suddenly Ingrid cried:

"Emma! You're peeing on my leg!"

I looked. Ingrid was right! As her orgasm began to ebb out, Emma started to pee herself. Like icing on the cake! Emma, now totally exhausted, sat down on the floor, her legs widely spread. She peed like forever, heavily panting, and a big pool of her pee was forming on the floor.

I got so immensely horny, that I got a quick orgasm, without even touching myself. On slightly shivering legs I stood up and went up to Ingrid. She stood looking at Emma, breathing hard. She pressed one hand in between her thighs. But I pulled it away and replaced it with one of my own. Wow, her panties were so wet! And I could feel how her pussy was like trembling under my fingers. I began to slowly caress her upon her moisty panties. As I did that, I felt her hand stroking up my left inner thigh, bringing my skirt with it. It felt electrifying, like her hand was sending out sparks, when she stroke it over the nylon! She reached in between my legs. I felt my pussy pounding, when she began to stroke it.

Our mouths met. We kissed eagerly, our tongues kind of rotated in each other's mouth. And the whole time I felt her fingers caressing every little spot around and in my mimsy. We both had still our panties on, and she pressed the cloth deep into me. I wasn't inactive. What she did to me, I did to her! We moaned, whimpered and sqeaked! We were already so excited when we started, that it didn't take long before we came. Ingrid screamed and I sqeaked and also gave away my silly-screams! We both had several orgasms in a row, and in the middle of one I began to pee myself! Which added so much lust to my excitement, that I almost passed out! I peed and peed! Soon my pee became mixed with Ingrid's! I felt her pee was so forceful! I've experienced it before, and I've never ceased to wonder at it!

We continued to make love and wet ourself. We became very drunk. I have a foggy remembrance, that at one point we had a competition, of which, I think, the winner were to be the one to be the first to both orgasm and pee after I'd counted to three. I have no idea, who won...

*005*2014-11-22 15:31

Thankyou all You're making me so happy!!!

@Ashleycub: Tell me what I can do about your horniness! As it seems to be my fault, that you've got into that awkward predicament, I feel obliged to come to your rescue

*008*2014-11-24 22:31

"Vikla" again... hmm... can I assume you mean me? If so, I too swear that the fact we are not friends in the real world pains me too ! Fate is such a cruel Goddess!

