My experience(s)

Author: redguy34

*000*2013-05-12 02:57

I just want to share some experiences with pee. These all involve someone else.

My first real experience with another person was with my ex(I only ever had one girlfriend)

The first couple are with her. We were in the shower together and she got out and after she dried off she asked if I minded that she went pee. Well of course I let here, and I had to be ummm....taken care of right there. She always left the door open when in the bathroom, and many times I found an excuse to go in there while she was peeing. I even got to go down on her after she had peed-I loved that taste and smell.

I never did tell her I liked it or anything, but we had some fun in the shower. We were comfortable enough to pee in the shower together. I got her pee on myself many times (usually just on my legs or feet) but three times stand out in my mind.

One when I was behind her playing with her breasts I peed on her bum, and it ran down her crack and down her leg.

Another time we were facing eachother kissing and she had to pee so she just let it go and run down our legs.

The last time was the best. She was in the shower and I was just in the bathroom talking to her. She suddenly reached out the curtain and grabbed my hand and pulled between her legs. I had no idea what she was doing, but then she started peeing right on my hand. OH. MY. GOD. I almost jumped in the shower, fully clothed.

After that she was teasing me about it and said told me she wanted me to let her pee on me. ( think she figured it out after many times of me staring at her crotch while she was on the toilet) I never did get the chance to find out if she was serious and take her up on it though, as our relationship went downhill fast.

Shortly after me and my ex had broken up I met a woman who just wanted to have some fun in bed. What can I say-I was really broken up about my ex and really horney. I didn't expect anything from this woman I had met. I was 21 and she was 43 (I also have a hting for older women) So anyway we talked online, and on phone, and agreed on a date to meet at her house. I had never seen a picture of her so I didn't know what to expect. I met her outside the apartments. She was short-probably 5'5, with blond hair and decebt sized boobs, a little plump, and a cute bum.

We went to her apartment and started to talk. She took me to her bedroom, and I just hoped on her and started kissing her. They where very wet and sloppy, but somehow very sexy. Anyway we both ended up topless. She had pants(no panties) and I had boxers on. Ttill kissing her, playing/suckong her with her boobs, I figured why not...after all I don't have to see her again if it goes bad. I didn't really have to go, so I had a little bit in me, and I did what I always wanted to do. I wet my underwear on top of her. She liked it and took me in her mouth and I peed a little bit in her mouth as well, and she swallowed it. By this time she had no pants and peed her bed. I licked up all the pee from her legs and tried to suck some more out of her.

Now I don't know if I would ever do that again, but it still turns me on, and I'll never forget the smell of her pee.

I don't know if these are good stories, but I don't have anyhting else to add, as I have never found anyone willing to pee herself for me again.

