The Officer and the Showgirl

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-06-09 16:02

Hey guys and gals, im going to write an experience which happened over the weekend and I will post it in chapters as to avoid one long story, plus posting it in parts will hopefully keep your interests peaked.

I will set the scene so you know what is going on in the story. This weekend in my town we had our 1940's weekend which is held every year at the beginning of June and this years was even more special as it fell on the anniversary of D-day. Over the three days the town centre is shut off and the streets are lined with stalls, entertainment, old vehicles and people in fancy dress. As me and my boyfriend own a pub in the town centre we got into the spirit and we and our staff dressed up for the occasion. I was dressed as an army officer and my sister was dressed as a showgirl, hence the title of the story. This experience happened on Sunday Night......

*002*2014-06-09 16:08

Chapter 1

On the Saturday me and my boyfriend had worked the lunch shift which was extremely busy due to the large crowds and then my sister and her boyfriend took over the evening shift so we decided on the Sunday we would alternate and swap shifts. So Sunday morning they left to open up and work the lunch shift and me and my boyfriend went and had a wander round town and soaked up the 1940's atmosphere and at 6 o'clock we went to take over. When they came off shift they decided to stick around and enjoy the entertainment.

Now for those that know me well enough you will know that I enjoy holding and don't usually pee that often and it is very rare that I pee whilst at work as I like to hold it until I get home then I can drink and enjoy some holding fun. Throughout my shift I kept topping up my glass with lemonade and I felt my bladder starting to fill and got excited thinking about how by the time we closed up and went home it would be pretty full.

About 3 hours later when the entertainment finished most of the crowd departed and we were left with the usual late night Sunday regulars. Now that it wasn't busy and I had time to stop dashing about I noticed my bladder was filling up and I looked at the time, another hour and we would be closing up. The hour passed and people starting heading home until there was only the four of us and a couple of guys left. They finished their drinks and I followed them out and locked the front door. 

As I came back in I noticed my sister stood at the bar tapping her foot. I teased her and asked if she needed to pee and she said she did, that the drinks she had had had caught up with her and was getting desperate. As she said this I realised that I was getting there too. Me and my sister tidied up and wiped down the tables and we finished and sat down and waited for my boyfriend to cash up and get sorted. Once he had done we headed outside and as he was locking up he said he had forgotten something and went back inside so me and my sister said we would wait round the front for him.

As we stood waiting my sister was bobbing on the spot and jiggling her legs and I knew she must be getting desperate, saying that so was I. I don't know whether it was the cold air or what but my bladder suddenly seemed to fill and had to stand with my legs crossed gently rocking back and forth. After a few minutes he popped his head out of the bedroom window and asked us something, I told him the answer and my sister said “hurry up, I want to get home, im busting for a pee”. I giggled and said “i thought you were jiggling a bit” to which she said “yeah, so are you” and I said “im jiggling for the same reason”.

We heard him come round and set off walking home. As we walked along the main street we kept stopping and looking at some of the old vehicles that were still there and as we were the cold air or something was making my need to pee intensify. As if reading my mind my sister turned round and started pee dancing and said “can we walk a bit faster please, im nearly wetting myself” to which I said “good idea, so am I” so we set off out of town and headed towards home.....

To be continued.

I know not a lot has happened yet but I wanted to build up slowly and get to that point to hopefully peak your interests and leave you wanting more :p

*004*2014-06-09 16:16

{{ 

Such cuties~ <3

}}

Hee Hee <3

*006*2014-06-09 19:00

{{ 

You sure succeeded in your objectives. I really want to know what happend next.

}}

I will post the second part tomorrow

*011*2014-06-10 22:52

Chapter 2

We walked out of the town centre and set off up the main road. As we walked along my need to pee seemed to get worse with every step but it wasn't far to walk home. We live round the corner from the train station and we could see the train station up the road but with each step my need worsened and the station seemed to get further away. I could feel my bladder pushing and squeezing trying to make me pee. 

My sister stopped and crossed her legs and jammed her hand in her crotch and when we looked at her she said “im fine, just had to stop otherwise I would have wet myself”. As we were stood I crossed my legs, squeezing my thighs together around my pee hole to stop any drips escaping into my knickers. I wanted to grab myself like she was doing but I had a tight skirt on and I couldn't. We set off again and had to keep stopping to regain composure. If I had kept on walking I would have started dripping, I could feel the pee at the tip of my pee hole trying to escape but every time I stopped and squeezed my thighs together it pushed it back.

We reached the train station and as we turned the corner to walk down along side it my sister stopped and gasped. We turned round to look at her and she said “oh god some just came out”. Hearing this made my pee hole tremble and falter and a little drip of pee escaped and dampened my knickers. As we walked down the road I kept dripping as I walked, my knickers getting wetter and wetter and I knew soon it would start to show on my skirt. My sister was the same, she kept stopping and every time she did it was because she was dripping. Between the top of the road and the bottom, which isn’t very far my knickers had become so wet and I knew if we didn't get home quick they would become soaked.

We turned the corner and we could see our house up the road and as we walked up the drips got bigger and bigger until suddenly a leak escaped into my knickers and created a little wet patch on the front of my skirt. I pointed to it and said “oh god I leaked, my skirt is getting wet” to which my sister said “so am I, you cant really see it but I have leaked a few times and the front of my skirt is getting wet”. We reached the gate at the bottom of our drive and we both ran up the drive to the front door. 

We got there and both looked at each other pee dancing on the spot. That's when we realised neither of us had keys and we looked round to my boyfriend who was at the bottom of the drive locking the gate. We shouted for him to hurry up and as he walked up the drive towards my bladder started pushing more and more, obviously knowing we were close and it would soon be emptied. A leak escaped into my knickers, and another....and another. The wet patch on the front of my skirt grew bigger and bigger. My pee hole was quivering like mad holding back the flood and I felt like any second it was going to fail and I would wet myself.

After what seemed like an eternity and many many leaks my boyfriend got to the door and got his keys out of his pocket. My sister was stood dancing from foot to foot saying “come on, come on, come on”. He put the key in the lock and opened the door and my bladder must have noticed this as it knew the bathroom was now closer and a spurt escaped my pee hole and soaked the front of my skirt. We dashed inside and kicked off our shoes. My sister dashed upstairs and I followed. We got to the top of the stairs and she grabbed the handle of the bathroom door and pushed.....but it didnt move, it was locked.......

Hope you enjoyed part 2, part 3 will be up soon :)

*013*2014-06-11 18:45

{{ 

I love this building of suspense as your need to pee increases. Also you uttered my favorite words in the English language :

Thank you GemmyRose.

}}

Glad you enjoyed :)

*014*2014-06-11 22:18

Chapter 3 –

She tried the handle a few more times and then we both heard it, the sound of the shower running. The sound of running water hit me and my bladder squeezed like mad almost making me lose it. I looked at my sister and it must have had the same effect as she was dancing on the spot. She knocked on the door and said “hurry up, im about to wee myself out here, hurry up hurry up hurry up”. Her boyfriend said “ok, ill be out in a minute”. I said “you best be, she isnt the only one who is about to have an accident, if you arent out in one minute there will be a big puddle out here”. He laughed and said he would be quick.

I went into my bedroom and put my bag on my desk and opened it and started sorting my stuff out, as I did I squeezed my thighs tightly together to try and stop the flood commencing but no matter how hard I squeezed the spurts kept coming. Each spurt soaked the front of my skirt and made the wet patch. I didnt want to ruin it so I reached round and tried to pull the zip down to take it off but it wouldnt come down so I asked my boyfriend to pull it down for me. He came and did it and I slipped it off and looked at my now soaked knickers. They were soaking wet and any second would be drenched.

My sister went and knocked on the door and said “its been a minute, you need to hurry up im about to burst”. She came in and noticed I had taken my skirt off and said “good idea” and slipped her dress off over her head. Her knickers were just as soaked as mine and as I looked a spurt of pee jetted into them and a droplet of pee began to snake its way down her thigh and down her sexy legs, then another, and another. I couldnt take my eyes off them slowly running down her legs and over her stockings. I suddenly realised I was doing the same. My legs were glistening as droplets of pee ran down them.

She went back to the door and knocked again and he said “im coming im coming”. I looked and the sight of her sexy bum wiggling and bouncing as she pee danced was so sexy. The wet patch on her bum slowly getting bigger as she spurted and leaked was making me so horny it was getting harder to hold on. She went into her room and I went back to sorting my stuff out. I heard the bathroom door open and then a couple of seconds later I heard it close. She had to be quick, I was seconds away from flooding my knickers with pee, my bladder was starting to win the battle against my pee hole, the spurts were getting bigger and bigger and I was on the verge of having an accident. I had to hold, I had to, just a little longer.

I went out onto the landing and knocked and said “are you almost done, hurry up, im practically wetting myself out here” as I said this I saw movement out of the corner of my eye, I looked round and there was my sister. I then realised it was my boyfriend who was in there and she looked at me and said “i thought you were in there” and I said “i thought you were”. We then both knocked on the door and told him to hurry up.

Suddenly my sister gasped and as she did a stream of pee shot out of her knickers and sprayed onto the floor. She managed to stop it and began dancing like crazy. Seeing that made my pee hole start to surrender and I felt pee shooting down towards the exit. I clamped my hand against my pussy to stop it. I thought I had managed to regain control but then the toilet flushed and that sound of gushing water caused a huge rush from my bladder and I started wetting myself. I quickly grabbed my pussy and managed to stem the flow. My knickers were now drenched and my legs were soaked. I couldnt keep it bottled up much longer, that gush had broken my defences.

The door opened and we both dashed in and as we did we both started to lose control and both being the lovely people we are we both subconsciously decided to let the other use the toilet as we both jumped into the shower and just burst. Immediately torrents of pee erupted from between both our legs and made a huge puddle at our feet. The feeling of relief was wonderful and judging by the moans coming from her mouth it was shared. When we finally finished we took off our soaked knickers and gave them as presents to our boyfriends who were stood slack jawed in the doorway and then did what loving sisters do and helped each other take care of other pressing needs ;).

The End.

Hope you enjoyed, all comments and criticisms are welcome. Love Gemmy :) x

