At the Movie Theater

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-01-17 04:11

New post. I went to see the reverant recently, which by the way I did not think was as good as everyone is saying. Anyway I decided to push my limits a little bit while i was there.

I went to the movie alone on Friday evening. The room was pacted and the only seat avaiblable that I like was on the wall, meaning if I want to use the bathroom I would have to go past the whole set of people to get out. So before I got to the seat with my large drink of rootbeer I made the decision not to use the bathroom in this two hour movie.

I also hadn't used the restroom before the movie. So starting off it had probably been about 3 or more hours since I had been to a bathroom, although I hadn't drank many liquids.

At first I was pretty into the movie and had to pay attention and read captions to know what was going on, so I didn't notice my need to urinate, or how much of my drink I had already consumed.

But about 30 minutes in this slowed some and I could already see how the movie would progress, so I let my mind wonder. And it happened to wonder straight to the intense urge my bladder made. I grunted quietly and in a quick fashion slid my left leg over my right. I knew then I wouldn't be comprehending too much of this movie.

For a moment while controlling urges I saw the movie pick up which briefly made me consider wetting. Its something I've never done, public wetting, it just seems to embarrassing and I've never seen anyone else do it either. Now if I had I might not be as apprehensive about it.

In those few second it dawned on me that I was leaking, shoot. I refocused on holding and squirmed for a few seconds. Thankful no one was in the chair directly to my right, and there was a wall to my left.

I tried to focus on the movie, I really did. I hated to waste the eight dollars it costs just to hold my pee. I still occasionally took sips of my drink, but I had dialed that back a lot.

These rivers were not helping either. It seemed as if everywhere the movie turned there were rivers or waterfalls. I took my jacket off and placed it over me as if I was cold, in case I was forced to hold. Thankfully I did because the segment with the waterfall he was on came soon after and the noise of it and seeing it made my brain acutely aware of the need pressing down further on me making it seem as if my bladder was filling more rapidly. I was still doing everything to keep myself from having to use my hand, I didn't want anyone to see that.

Reaching my point of true desperation has effects on me, as everyone. Crossing my legs back and forth, bouncing, scooting up and down in my chair. Fighting off multiple waves, at one point a moan escaped my lips from how bad I had let it get. The man from my right glanced over for a moment, and I quickly regained my composure at the expense of spurting rapidly. I clamped it off with my hand. But the spurt kept coming because I didn't have the right position. It had been a long while since I had really held. From how it felt I knew that it wasn't visible, just a little bit damp.

For awhile things slacked off some, and I was finally able to enjoy a bit of this movie. I didn't dare to move my hand though. Until using my hand became ineffective. The urge seem to intensify out of nowhere and I sat bouncing against the seat, my hand helping when it could. I sat in almost agony for the rest of the movie.

I thought about getting up, but theres no way I would make it, and people would notice.

The credits thankful rolled through rather quickly, but gravity took hold as I stood. And a major leak caused something visible, but I had on black leggings and a long shirt to boot, so it wouldn't be seen. I pretzeled my legs and wait for the crowd to clear some. The last thing I wanted to do was have people jolting my bladder.

I got in the bathroom with relatively decent composure, but there were 5 people in line, and all the stalls full. I could literally feel pee pooling at the base, fighting to escape. I got in line and crossed my legs, trying to look as if I wasn't dying. When people were not coming in, I gave a few small squeezes. Only two more people, I could do... oh oh... Dang, that hurt. Out of nowhere an unbearable spasm hit and I all but double over, trying to cover as if I thought I dropped something.

One more person left, I tapped her shoulder. "Is there anyway I could get in front of you I'm dying here."

She looked at me sympathetically for a moment. "I need to go to, though, and I've been here for like ten minutes, so no you can go right after me. Its only a couple of minutes longer."

Really, Bitch..

I groaned in agony right before I felt myself loose it. I squeezed but there was no use.... I was wetting my pants. The stall opened directly in front of me and I ran into it, in front of the women that had told me no. As I slammed the door shut and locked it I wiggled out of my leggings.

In less than a second I was peeing directly through my underwear. The leggings with a noticeable stain.

The women in front of me said a considerable amount of curse words before someone beside me came out and gave her a stall.

I noticed I had dribbled a small amount of pee onto the floor in my urgency. I cleaned it up before leaving the stall.

I'm not entirely sure if the women just felt bad, saw the stain, or the spot on the floor because as I was leaving she came up and muttered a sorry before walking in the opposite direction.

*002*2016-01-17 23:54

{{ 

I like those cinema stories. I once made the mistake to take a 2+ hrs movie without intermission (because naturally I hate those) while underestimating the vast amount of cinema size beverages. Grinding teeth I had to give up a few minutes of the film to focus on the rest. In your case, with 5 gals in front of you, you should've opted for the gents, because mostly they don't care. I think it was in a theater as well where I saw a young woman entering the men's restroom with a shy smile on her face, quite adorable. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed your experience.

}}

I know what you mean about underestimating the size. those things can be really big.

