First ever wetting

Author: PointZero

*000*2014-11-09 23:29

Hey!

Today I've had my first real wetting. My bladder is iron and no matter what, I've always let go before a real accident (the pain gets too much). Earlier I tried out the rapid desperation technique and it was wonderful! I wore blue jeans, white socks and a blue t-shirt.

I started at 12, drinking a glass of water every 30 minutes and going to the bathroom whenever. At 2 I started drinking every 15 min and holding. I filled up quickly but it wasn't painful; well until 3. It started to really ache and I could feel my sphincter spasming every other minute (it was actually really pleasurable). fifteen minutes later my bladder started spasming every minute or so and I stood in the kitchen while I waited. I could feel my muscles stuggling so I spurted a little to break the seal. It helped for a minute or so before it went back to before. The pressure was really getting bad but I kept drinking every ten minutes. I let another spurt go but it didn't help much. By now I was bending over constantly and pressing against my crotch. 

A few minutes later I decided to let out another small spurt. I then stopped... or I though I stopped. Despite not feeling like I was peeing, warm wetness was sliding down my leg. After a few seconds I could feel myself going (a very light stream) and stopped; for about thirty seconds. Another spasm hit and I spurted again, and again I though I stopped but I hadn't. After that I couldn't control my muscles and it felt to good to stop even if I'd wanted to. The stream stayed light and slow and I peed for over a minute (more then I ever had) and completely soaked my jeans and socks. Even my shirt got a little wet. It was great but five minutes later I was going again and thankfully I hadn't left to kitchen.

It was an amazing experience and I plan to do it again soon. I attatched a pic of my jeans just after the wetting.

*005*2014-11-12 01:51

Yeah, I try to be safe when holding. I think this experament only last 4 hours and I only had to hold for one of them. It concerns me when I read about people who've held all day.

And although I had been a big Omo fan for years (since I was 9 actually) this was the first time I ligitamally had an accident.

Diapers are awesome but even the adult ones don't hold up to well. It's still a big turn on to wear it though.

