Wife´s report 2 - almost losing it on a boat

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-26 06:23

I have just one more report from my wife about her getting caught in a situation of extreme pee desperation, which happened a couple of years ago. The following incident was such an unusual situation that she actually told me quite openly about it, and I also dared to ask for more details - mostly for the overall circumstances, but also partly for her state of desperation. Some sentences of her report I do remember word by word, so I will write them down as quotes in direct speech.[/size]

It happened when my wife participated in a three days business conference in another city. The participants had one afternoon free for shopping, sightseeing etc. My wife decided to make a sightseeing walk through the inner city and then wanted to take a round trip on one of the sightseeing boats that cruise along the many channels of the inner city (no, it was not Amsterdam! ;-). She chose a particular boat trip that would be over by the time she was invited to a dinner as part of the business program. 

When she finished her walk through the inner city, she "needed to pee like crazy", as she put it. But she was already quite late for the boat trip, so she didn't look for a toilet, but decided to walk straight to the pier and use the toilets on the boat. She had underestimated the speed of her rising desperation, thus when she finally reached the pier, she was "about to go in my pants". She hopped on board of the boat literally one second before it departed. She needed to instantly rush for the toilets - only to learn that the boat actually didn't have any...!!

She told me that she literally got a kind of panic attack, when her mind processed the situation: Seriously about to pee herself any moment - and trapped on a 90 minutes boat trip with no toilets! She looked around - the boat had two sections for the passengers, one at the rear end covered with glass, and an open air section at the bow. In the middle of the boat was a small cabin for the steering crew. Both passenger sections were completely filled with simple wooden seat benches, a corridor between them. Most of the seats were already occupied, so she couldn't even get a seat in an empty row. Peeing somewhere with dropped pants was completely impossible - at least not unnoticed - as there was not the smallest secluded area on the boat. But holding it for 90 minutes was far beyond any chance. She estimated she had got an absolute maximum of 15 minutes more till she would have to simply let go, and even this short amount of time would be an excruciating challenge for her willpower.

So she had to conclude in disbelief and resignation: "I couldn't believe it, but it was actually game over - I will have to fully go in my pants on board of this boat!" In sheer panic she considered other alternatives: "Can you imagine - I seriously thought about asking the crew to go back to the pier!" Of course she didn't. But she said it felt so extremely unreal, when next thing she did was something quite normal as looking for a seat - but this actually meant choosing the place, where she would wet herself very soon. She sat down in a row next to an elderly couple in the open air section of the boat.

"Not only they but at least 10 other people in the vicinity would notice, when my pee finally streams on the bench and on the floor. Oh, and the puddle... And I would have to spend the rest of the trip with all these people around me." (She actually started to shiver at this point of her report). "My thoughts were racing... My bladder was hurting so much, I started to think to myself - why waiting and torture myself till the maximum point? It is inevitable, give in and do it right now! However, I dismissed this idea - it's irrational, but you still hope for a miracle in such a situation...".

In sheer confusion she began reading through the leaflet of the sightseeing cruises - and in fact she found out that the boat will make two stops at smaller piers on its trip, the first one after 30 minutes, the second one after one hour! However, my wife couldn't imagine at all to make it for another 30 minutes - but having nothing to lose, she decided at least to try. She told me that these 30 minutes were among the most painful experiences of her life. More than once she was on the verge of giving up and simply letting go. She had to hold herself all the time, covered as much as possible by her handbag on her lap. I asked her, if any of the other passengers noticed her problem - she simply told me she doesn't know, she was already too much beside herself. But she said she wouldn't have cared at all about other people noticing, as long as only she could stay dry.

And she actually made it to the stop. In contrast to the main city pier where she left from, there was only a small landing stage - no building, no toilets. But fortunately, she was in a rather quiet area with upper class single family-homes. The neighbourhood is actually one of the city's "sights", this is why there is a pier for a stop of the cruising boats. However, she said that when she got off the boat, she not only didn't have eyes for beautiful houses, she was even far beyond looking for any real shelter. Right at the end of the short landing stage she simply had to squat immediately between parked cars (in full view from the houses on the other side of the street!) and peed there for ages. I dared to ask her, if she made it with dry pants. She did, but she admitted that after a few seconds in the squatting position she got so exhausted that she had to sit down with her bare butt on the asphalt and pee splashes hitting her shoes and the cuffs of her trousers.

As all this took place in full daylight in the late afternoon, I asked her if she got caught. To my surprise, she replied that she is absolutely sure some pedestrians must have passed just half a meter next to her - but at this very moment she was actually no longer able to notice anything except her endless and extremely painful pee...! She then called herself a taxi and went back to the hotel. She didn't go to the dinner, as her "whole abdomen hurt so much for the next hours." Instead, she called me and told me this story for the first time. I heard it once again and more detailed when she got home 2 days later.

Though I was very aroused by her report, I was in first place really glad to hear that she didn't have to undergo a most embarrassing experience on the boat - as much as I am into desperation (and possible wetting as a result) I wouldn't wish this to happen to anyone, and by no means to my wife in this very particular kind of setting. Anyway, even without being forced to wet herself then, still today she sometimes speaks of this incident as a "really traumatizing experience", which I can relate to quite well.

*003*2015-05-26 12:31

{{ 

I have loved all these stories, thanks for posting them :)

}}

Thanks! Always loving your experiences very much too!!

{{ 

I'm sad this is the last story as I have really enjoyed reading them, I just hope your wife gets herself into more desperate predicaments so you can tell us about them in the future.

}}

Be sure - as soon, as there is something I hear/experience worth telling (be it about my wife or anybody else) I will come up with it here as soon as possible. ;-)

*005*2015-05-29 08:29

{{ 

It is amazing how long your wife can continue to hold her pee well beyond her capacity ,and except fora small leak time in the city she remained dry . The fact that her bladder hurt for hours tells how stretched it was. Great story , again thank you for sharing.

}}

I was also very much impressed (in fact at every of the incidents I described here) how far she can push herself well beyond what she feels to be her absolute bladder limit in a particular emergency situation. If the situation makes it absolutely necessary, she is obviously able to activate an incredible willpower to push herself further and further, and to certainly overstretch significantly what her bladders “natural” maximum capacity would be. However, I guess it was clear that in all situations I wrote about, she had finally come dangerously close to the absolute end of the rope of what she can endure.

Btw, I was always really very curious about the actual amount she can manage to hold in such extreme situations. And I was in fact lucky that one day I had the chance for getting a kind of estimation, what her bladder limits seem to be, at least about the approximate values.

I could post this experience in another thread shortly, maybe some other members here on the forum are interested too…?

*007*2015-05-30 09:16

{{ 

Siegala, I look foreword to reading all about it.

}}

Already posted it yesterday!

