I was so desperate i couldnt hold it (twice in one night, in the same pants)

Author: moonraver

*000*2014-03-10 04:24

So I have a half gallon that used to hold milk, and I filled it up with water and iced tea flavor (not really fond of plain water) as I was drinking it, I decided to put on my grey jeggings (jean leggings) and white panties. They would look amazing when wet. I continued drinking, and I started to feel a little bit more desperate by the time it was half gone. On a scale of 1-10 I was about a 4 at this point. I finished the water and let out a little spurt. That made my need intensify. I walked, in my wet leggings, with my roommate watching tv in her bedroom, and refilled the jug. I was going to try to drink another half gallon but I was just too desperate, and with every chug, I could feel spurts threatening to come out of me.

I let a spurt go (again, on purpose) and went into the bathroom and stood in the tub, where I tried to hold on a little bit longer, but lost control when I bent over to pick up my phone from the edge of the tub. I let go, soaking my leggings, taking pictures. When I was done, I walked back to my room in my now soaked leggings and panties, holding my drenched socks in my hand to put in the laundry basket, right past my roomie's door. Usually when I drink a lot of water and pee I have to go again, so I left my leggings and panties on and waited until I felt desperate again. I stood in my laundry basket and peed, my leggings getting even more soaked. I took a few more pictures and cleaned myself up, washing my legs with a hand towel and wiping my pussy with baby wipes. I was so aroused at that point that I had to take care of it.

Hope y'all liked my wetting story, I will upload all the pictures tomorrow.

*003*2014-03-11 01:04

{{ 

You be careful Moonraver ... that's one heck of a lot of water to drink in one go.

You can do yourself a lot of harm ... even kill yourself ... drinking too much water.

Try drinking orange juice diluted 50:50 with water instead. It's isotonic, so your body copes with it better ... but your bladder won't cope with it nearly so well

}}

I can't have orange juice. i have type 1 diabetes. even diluted it's still too much sugar (think, 40 grams of sugar in one cup. imagine how much i'd need to drink for a hold!) and i only get a certain amount of insulin a month.

But i think my body can handle more water than most people because due to the diabetes, i'm dehydrated most of the time. but that was awful sweet of you for caring like that :3

*004*2014-03-11 01:05

{{ 

Sounds like a great time. What do you plan on doing with the pictures?

}}

Once i figure out how to upload them i will

