Finally told my girlfriend

Author: una

*000*2014-03-31 04:50

So the other night my girlfriend and I were getting very intimate. She asked me what my fantasy's were. It took a lot of coaxing to finally get me to talk to her about my love for wetting and diapers. Although she was very open and understanding about the whole situation. She was actually mad that I had waited so long to talk to her about it. We have only been dating for 2 years and I never thought it would be a good time to bring it up.

This brings me to the first time she indulged my pleasure. It has been a couple weeks since we had our long conversation about what turns me on but she still remembers. Sitting on the couch Occasionally I will start to press on her bladder. She knows it really gets me going.

So today was a lot like any other day. It had taken me a little while to coax her into getting things hot and heavy. While we were on the couch (after a bit of play fighting and finally letting me get down south) I was slightly caressing the inner thigh going up over her naughty bits. Every so often I would come up to her belly and massage her bladder. She knew full well what I was trying to do and was completely OK with it.

After massaging for quite some time she whispered "if you keep this up in going to pee all over" not wanting to make a mess of the couch I replied "let me know when your close we can move things elsewhere so we don't make a mess"

After a few more minutes she told me to wait. She walked into the bathroom. My heart was pounding so fast I felt like it would come out of my chest. She came out with a towel and places it on the ground. Removing her jeans she did not want to get wet and laid on the ground.

It only took a few more minutes of coaching her bladder till the first few drops came slowly from her multi-colour panties. At this point I could not contain myself. I kept messaging bladder then all the way down. I could feel her body tense up as I was trying I tell her to relax and let it flow. As my hand made it down I could feel a spirt off pee escape.

One after another I felt her body tense trying to let the torrent of pee hiding in there out. Trying to undo 20 years of experience in not letting pee dribble into her pants. And finally it all came out with a torrent. Soaking her panties and the towel she had been laying on.

I re moved the panties and gently slid myself inside. It was one of the best experiences I have ever had. I can still feel the warmth of the spirts that had caressed my hands so gently.

I told her next time I know how we can not make a mess. Eluding to the diapers that were purchased 2 weeks ago in hope that one day I would find her curious to try one on when she thought no one was looking. That unfortunately will be a tale for another day.

