Girl at gym

Author: Franny

*000*2013-05-22 03:24

This is about one of the few genuine wet accidents I have witnessed in the recent past. It was a couple of years ago and I was at a resort, at a nice hotel. One day I went over to the well-equipped gym and began to ride the exercycle. The only other people in there were a body builder guy, who seemed to be acting as a fitness coach for a girl who didn't actually look like she needed one. She was somewhere in the 18 to 20 age group, quite petite but slim with a curvy body despite her lack of adipose tissue.

The instructor was a guy who exuded quiet authority. I could see him as maybe a very dominant sort of person in the bedroom, but that was just my own guess. He led the girl through a series of floor exercises, and hardly paused at all to allow her to rest between the end of one exercise and the beginning of the next. I could hear her breathing hard, but she didn't complain. She appeared to be sweating, at least her forehead was damp. She would have to twist back and forth on the mat, then she would have to lift her legs up off the mat , then she would be doing sit ups, then pushups, then some other fancier exercises that are hard to explain. Suffice to say, she was working hard. The talking between the two of them was almost entirely on the subject of what she was doing and how to do it well. No stops, no gossip, no complaining. Just the workout. The two of them appeared to be in a groove.

I must have watched them for 20 minutes or more and I had no idea how long they had been doing this before I got there. Then, it was over, the girl stopped and stood up off of the mat. She wiped her hands on her black leotard and shook the hand of the instructor, who – although I detected a sort of leer on his face – was completely professional with her. The girl said, "See you on Friday," and she walked toward the door to leave.

As she did this I looked at her retreating figure. The entire back side of her leotard was soaking wet, and I seriously doubt that perspiration could have caused that. The girl had at some point during her workout peed her pants, in fact had wet them copiously. As far as I know she had not spoken to her muscle-bound instructor about it at all, and if he saw her wet pants he didn't make any allusion to them. She just kept on going, peed herself probably a little bit at a time? – anyway that's my guess – and decided not to mention it at all. I was astonished at what I saw. The girl opened the door and walked out into the late afternoon sunshine, not attempting to hide her wet bottom at all.

I looked down at the gym mat she had been working out on. It was hard to tell but I thought I could see a wet patch on it, where she had been sitting to work out. The Muscle man didn't even look down at it. I guess he was ignorant of it, or else he was simply used to his female clients being so nervous/stressed/intimidated (whichever) that they couldn't help but urinate in their pants when they were with him. Or maybe just the constant exertion she was put through put too much strain on her full bladder. Whatever. She was just so completely desirable to my eyes in the few seconds it took her to walk to the door and disappear. I had to stop my own workout and go back to my room.

