Oktoberfest

Author: kingkong

*000*2012-05-07 11:54

Hi All,

I thought as an introduction I'd share some sightings from Oktoberfest, Munich I witnessed last year. God I love the effect all that beer has on girls ...

1) A friend of mine, after a drink or two, comments that she had gone from not needing to go to being "seriously busting" within a couple of minutes. She squirmed around for a while before finally running off. After coming back, she said that it was the "best pee of her life", and that because of the short (a rarity at Oktoberfest) queue, she was "jumping" at the end.

2) An Asian woman about 30, wearing tight jeans, joins a long queue for the toilets and immediately starts fidgeting with a pained expression on her face. After about 10 minutes, and the queue barely moving, she starts shuffling more and crossing-uncrossing her legs, and lets out a few groans. After another 5 minutes she looks like she is about to cry, and starts trying to discreetly hold herself with one hand. After a couple of minutes of holding herself on and off, she runs to the front of the line and absolutely BEGS to cut in front. The woman at the front let her in straight away, and when she came out she was dry ... unfortunately ...

3) A girl around 18 or 19 in a short skirt joins another long queue, and within a minute or two starts pee dancing furiously. She isn't shuffling or fidgeting at all, but is constantly jumping from foot to foot, not stopping for even a second. After about 10 minutes she gets inside and came out looking much calmer and relieved.

Hope you enjoyed these! I might have a few more, will post them as I remember.

Does anyone else have similar stories from Oktoberfest (either the real one in Munich, or smaller versions from around the world)?

