First wetting experience

Author: vaseline

*000*2015-05-30 15:08

I have always had a holding and wetting fetish, but I didn't know it had an actual name until recently. I never bothered to do much about it, but reading people's experiences on here made me want to see what it would be like to exercise this fetish.

I have been practicing holds for a small while, so it was no issue for me to go to bed without using the restroom. I woke up today and it was not much of a pressing matter. It was a 5/10 at most, but I have always had an abnormally large bladder. I got breakfast, listened to some music, and decided to use my toy since I had the house to myself today.

I was fully intending on just using the toy when it started, but seconds after using it, it coerced a rather strong need to relieve my bladder, at least a 7/10. On a whim, I decided to hike my panties up and see what would happen.

I first tried going to the toilet with them on as usual but I became much too nervous. All that came out were virtually unnoticeable leaks. So, I headed to the shower. I used my toy to coerce it out and I was suddenly spurting! My legs were quivering because of my strong urge to pee, as well as the stark difference in temperature when pee hit my legs. Soon after, it flooded my panties and flowed down my legs, hugged my ankles, and grazed my feet like a river. Whenever I wanted more to come out, I'd use the toy for about 15 seconds. Each time was a very large burst, and even when I felt as though there was no more, more kept coming. Including breaks, jitters, etc., the experience took a good 10 minutes. I then finished myself off with the toy, cleaned myself up, and put the panties back on.

All in all, it was a very positive experience for my first time wetting. I would not mind trying it again soon!

*002*2015-05-31 22:43

{{ 

Welcome to the community! I hope you continue to explore this fetish and share your stories with us. The more you do it, the easier it will be to wet in various positions/places and you can keep getting more creative.

}}

Thank you for your warm welcome! I certainly hope this gets easier to do as time goes on. Do you have any advice for curbing nerves when the time comes?

