My Friend Peed Her Pants

Author: ChrisKid

*000*2012-04-20 04:15

Hey guys, this is my first post. I've sort of been flying under the radar for a few months. Anyways, my story. So I got back from lacrosse practice, and I was eating dinner when I got a text from my best friend (who I've been crushing really hard on for a while). She asked me to come over. So, I did. When I got there she was wearing some jeans with a little tear in them and a gray T-shirt; nothing special. We were talking about how she got accepted as a staff to a summer camp. When I came in, I noticed she was drinking a near empty bottle of water with a few empty ones on the floor. So we hugged and started talking about her camp. I noticed her crossing legs, but I didn't think much of it at first. I just thought she was being formal. But I actually had to pee so I asked if I could use her bathroom. While I was crossing the room, she ran up behind me and started poking my sides because she knows I'm extremely ticklish. But I ran to the bathroom and shut the door and did my thing.

When I came back, she was standing up and drinking some apple juice. I laughed at how much she was drinking and brought it up. She said she's just been thirsty and bored and drinking passes the time. And she said she's had to pee like all day. But she didn't go to the bathroom. We didn't sit down when we talked next. I talked about my upcoming summer marching Drum Corps International.

But while I was talking, I noticed she was crossing her legs more. She bent her knees slightly also; most would brush this aside but with my prior knowledge of desperation, I know this means she's got to go. After I noticed this, I talked more and more about random things so she would have to be more and more desperate. She started looking down occasionally and finally interrupted me and said "Ok, hang on I like reeaalllyy have to pee, so hang on". And headed towards the bathroom. A devious thought ran through my mind. I ran up behind her and gave a good poke on the sides. She let out a high pitched yelp and threw her hand into her crotch. I gave her one more poke and it just started coming out. She tried to hang on as much as she could and her hand had a puddle of pee in it from holding it there.

A line of pee formed from her butt, down her thigh, all the way down to her ankles. There was a huge puddle at her feet. Her pants were visibly soaked looking from the front as well as the back. She looked up at me, laughed and said "You bastard!". I started laughing and doubled over; half because I was actually laughing and half to hide the hard on I got from the wetting I had just seen from the hottest person I know. She threw her jeans off upstairs so I got to see her wet panties as well (I know, I'm suuuper lucky). She ran downstairs and came back up in sweatpants. The rest of the night we watched MegaMind, but I was in complete euphoria. So that's my story. Hope you liked my first one.

*002*2012-04-20 04:27

No, this happened yesterday. I'll keep you guys posted though.

