First wetting experience in the shower

Author: GoldenLeaks

*000*2015-06-18 07:23

Hi all,

Since a lot of you do share their nice experiences I want to do the same.

I discovered my fetish while searching for porn and accidentally clicking on something with clothed peeing. I kept watching and found it arousing. I started looking them up and after a while I stumbled on this site.

Now, after a while I talked about my fantasy to have my girlfriend doing this too but she always rejected. Until last week. We had a drink or two in our garden and I picked up the idea again. To my surprise she did not refuse this time. I told her I wanted to pee on her in the shower but wanted to do it with her wearing her sexy red panty and I also wanted to keep on my underwear. Even in this she agreed this time, so I was a very happy man.

Once in the shower, I asked her if I could sit on her lap to do it. Because it was the first time I think, I couldn't do it, I had to pee but it didn't work so I stood up and tried again. Still nothing coming out so I decided to take my penis out to start. Then it worked, a few drops came out and landed exactly on the upper side of her panty. The red became darker red where the drops fell. I felt now that I could do it with my underwear on and so I did. It was wonderfull to pee standing in my underwear on her.

Now I sat down on her, she in an increasingly wet panty, I in my wet underwear. I still wasn't finished peeing and I really wanted to do this sitting on her lap. Then I let the rest go, sitting on her lap and holding her very close to me and kissing her. It really was a dream coming true! When I finished I asked her again if she didn't have to go to but unfortunately she did not. We stood up and I touched and fondled her wet panty. I then took a step back to watch her in her mostly wet panty. I then asked her to turn around so I could see the back too. Well, it really made my day!

The good news is that she agreed to do this again, but not in the very near future. But, high hopes!

I hope I can bring you good stories later, and for me, I hope next time she will agree on being fully clothed and will have to pee too! Wish me luck.

I hope you enjoyed the story, it is the first time I write about this. Thanks for reading.

