Desperation Sighting at an Adventure Park recently

Author: tortoise

*000*2015-07-19 11:30

I saw this experience while at a theme/adventure park recently, a week or two ago, but I wasn't actively part of it. I'll try and explain in as much detail as I can what I saw. And what I thought may have been going on in her head.

I was standing in a group/crowd for a ziplining activity. A little way across from me, just in front, there was a young woman, about 20-25 years old roughly. She was with someone I presume was her boyfriend and it was very obvious that she had to pee. He seemed to be making her laugh quite a bit as she was laughing quite hard over the noise of the crowd. The fact that she had to pee became obvious when she was crossing her legs at the ankles as she stood and alternating this with being bent over at times with her hands deep in her crotch and her butt wriggling. At times, the way this woman was positioned meant I could sometimes sneak a peek at her – and even after such a laughing fit I was really surprised to see that she hadn't even spurted, with made me doubt if she even had to go to the toilet at all. Nothing showed up on her yoga style pants.. For some reason I didn't think that she could've spurted in her panties.

Fortunately my opinion changed as the group moved forward and so this woman was chosen to go on the zipline - allowing more space for us to wait/watch her. Though there was no initial desperation when the harness.. thing.. was slid into place (again this surprised me, I thought the feeling of something so restricting so tight against a bursting bladder could practically tease spurts out) as soon as she got onto the harness it was evident she needed to go. It must've been the feeling of the harness and the actual seat that she had to hold with her legs that caused it...

...but as she started to go down the zipline, she started to piss herself - the crowd could see the large spurts dripping from her and as they dripped off of the tiny seat she was balancing on. I can only imagine how bloody good - but humiliating - it felt for her... as she went down the line there was a clear stream of piss following her on the ground too. I couldn't see her face too well although she was red faced and watching herself a little.

And then the impact. Of course during ziplining you don't tend to be in the air forever... this young woman was fast approaching the ground by now and it looked to be a bad impact. She hit the ground with a thud as if it was a worse impact than usual and her bursting bladder clearly couldn't take it any longer. The short spurts from earlier were gone and there was a bit of a hiss as she sat on the ground wetting herself, the mud below becoming wet and soggy and a sizeable puddle spreading beneath her. The entire crowd was in a stunned silence which probably made her more noticeable – though the lady didn't actually seem to care.. She simply laid and pissed shamelessly into her grey yoga pants, panting at times but otherwise silent to any murmurs coming from the crowd. She had the decency to try and hide the stain spreading on her pants though, hands between her soaking thighs.

Her boyfriend ran through the crowd while she was making a (delightful) spectacle of herself, and from my view she had stopped wetting by now though her pants were ruined - a perfect oval piss stain had streamed over her entire crotch and partly down the insides of her thighs. The boyfriend managed to get her harness off and led her off presumably to clean up, I thought. The puddle soaking into the ground was impressive, I genuinely thought she was finished.

But no. The boyfriend led the lady back, for some reason, to the ziplining crowd. She wasn't even hiding or anything - I thought she may have wanted to hide the stain from the crowd. And yup, she stood back in her spot as she did before... close enough for me to see that she was wetting herself again – I could see the stream starting to run down her legs once more and the oval wet patch widening slowly. This wet seemed more deliberate to me though because she didn't appear to fight it in any way, looking around carelessly, and after voiding her bladder somewhat she was able to hold it in as she walked back to the crowd – so this next wetting was definitely more deliberate. I have to say I feel she is bold, though, because her sweatpants were a pale grey colour and so the puddle of piss collecting in her crotch was quite obvious to see.

I took my turn at that point and when I returned she was gone.

It then rained, for the rest of the day – so at least I guess she could've blamed her wetness on the rain, at least... believe me, the rain really was torrential afterwards, and I'm assuming lots of others were as bold as she was.. Myself included. I was sitting in a chair full of rainwater for the rest of the day, so later on that day, while waiting for someone at a ride.. just pushed my crotch into the sopping seat, bore down on my muscles and pissed a decent bit. When I was done, it didn't look as if I'd done anything.. just added to the rain puddles!

All in all, a good day. I'm on holiday right now, and similar activities reminded me of this experience!

