Office desperation sightings (female) - Page 3

Author: Despguy123

*050*2016-07-25 20:21

{{7 hours ago, Gemmy said:

I used to work at a country park estate when I left college and started out as a park ranger. Being a ranger I spent most of my time out in the park grounds but I did spent some time in the office block working on projects and spent some time in staff meetings this led to a few sightings. I then changed jobs and became an educational officer which meant I spent more time in the office and going to meetings which led to many more sightings.

The first one I have to share was one of the admin staff we have at the park. I had been out in the park investigating a problem that somebody had reported and came back to the offices to ask the site manager what he wanted us to do about it. I went to his office but he wasn't in so I went over to the admin office and found one of the admins sat at her desk. I asked where the manager was and she said he had gone out to a meeting. I asked if she wanted a drink and she said she would love one and told me that she wanted to go make one but was expecting an important call. I went and made myself and her a cup of coffee and took it to her and we stood chatting for ten minutes until the phone rang and she answered it. It turned out to be the call she had been expecting so I left her to it and went to the rangers office to do some paperwork.

After about an hour I had completed the paperwork and was working on designs for a project. I needed to pee so I took my cup upstairs to the kitchen and nipped to the loo. I put the kettle on and went to ask Sandra if she wanted another drink. I went into her office and noticed she was fidgeting on her chair. I asked if she was okay and she laughed and said "That cuppa wasn't a good idea, I'm dying for a wee". I looked at the phone in her hand and she said "oh i'm on hold". I laughed and said "yeah...I can see that". She laughed and said "tell me about it, if he doesn't hurry back I'm gonna end up wetting myself". I just stood watching her wiggle and suddenly she started talking and realised she must of come off hold.

I walked back to the kitchen and made myself a drink and when I walked back to her she was sat on the edge of her seat with her hand between her legs. When she saw me she mouthed "I NEED A WEE". As she answered questions to the guy on the phone she kept crossing her legs and making "ooooo" faces at me as if showing me how badly she had to pee. After a few minutes she started wrapping up her conversation and eventually she said goodbye. She instantly dropped the phone and jumped up saying "oh god I'm bursting". She dashed out of the room and down the corridor towards the bathroom. She came back a few minutes later smiling and said "boy that was close, I seriously thought I was going to wee myself". I couldn't help but wonder if her knickers were completely dry.

}}

Great story, can't wait to hear more!

*053*2016-08-01 17:22

Great story, meeting desperation is always hot. I've noticed people will usually try to hang on until a meeting is over even if they're bursting.

I was actually in a 2 hour long meeting earlier today and I noticed a woman fidgeting in her seat with 15 minutes left, empty coffee cup on the table in front of her. I thought she'd try and wait until we finished but she ended up hurrying out to the loo with about 5 minutes to go, looking very red faced! Was clearly at her limit.

*055*2016-08-01 20:42

Another good one is when someone is on the way to the loo but then gets stopped by a colleague who won't stop talking! I've seen this a few times, the best was a very attractive Indian girl who had come out of a long meeting carrying a very large, empty mug which had been full to the brim with herbal tea. She walked past me to the kitchen and gave me a smile, but she looked flustered and red faced. As she rinsed her mug under the tap, she did a little curtsey and I could tell she was dying for a wee.

She then walked in the direction of the toilets only to be stopped in the corridor by the head of our department, who is known for just talking and talking, droning on for ages. The indian girl was stood there, smiling and nodding politely but clearly distracted by her very full bladder, crossing and Uncrossing her legs. She couldn't stand still for a second. After chatting for a couple of minutes, she finally gave in and gestured towards the toilets, did a little bob on the spot and said something very quietly. I couldn't hear what she was saying but she was obviously telling her boss that she needed to be excused! She hurried off to the loo straight away, not wanting to lose another second!

*056*2016-08-09 21:52

A few sightings from a recent work trip to Germany - an all day meeting with lots of presentations, very boring but a good opportunity for spotting some desperation. The meeting room was like a small lecture theatre with rows of seats and long desks, meaning you couldn't get out without making the people next to you stand up for you to pass. The sessions were long (2 hours minimum), with lots of coffee served in the breaks and plenty of water on the desks.

A very attractive blonde British lady in her early 30s fidgeting in her seat towards the end of the first 2-hour session. There was a large empty mug of coffee on the desk in front of her and an almost-empty tall glass of water which were clearly now filling up her bladder, but as she was sat right in the middle of her row she was too embarrassed to ask everybody to stand up and let her out for a wee! As the minutes ticked by she was looking very tense. While at first she had been sitting still and paying close attention to the speakers, she was now fidgeting and making frequent glances at the clock, crossing and uncrossing her legs and pursing her lips.

As the speaker made their closing remarks, she was sitting leaning forwards onto her desk and jiggling one leg like mad. The session ran over slightly into the break and she was getting more and more flustered and frustrated, and having real difficulty sitting still. Eventually, it was the break and she gave herself a second to compose herself before hurrying out the room and walking very quickly towards the loos for what must have been a very relieving wee, her heels echoing loudly down the corridor as she sped up almost to a jog as she got closer to the toilets!

During the same morning session, a gorgeous, tall Bulgarian woman in her 30s also seemed to be getting desperate towards the break. She was very fidgety, crossing her legs and bouncing them, and at one point I saw her glance at the clock and bite her lip, resting a hand on her bladder for a second before re-crossing her legs again. During the break she had stopped on the way to the loos to talk to somebody, and was standing with her long legs very tightly crossed before she was finally able to leave her conversation and head to the loo.

Towards the end of the very long and boring session just after the first break, I noticed that the two university placement students in the front row, who had been listening intently to the speakers and making sure they didn't run over their time slot, were now looking very fidgety and distracted. One was German and the other Russian, both very attractive blonde girls in their early 20s wearing heels and fairly short skirts. Neither of them had left the room since about 8.45am that morning and it was getting towards midday (12pm), so no wonder they were needing to go so badly. Both had empty coffee mugs in front of them and glasses of water that had been refilled several times.

However, despite being clearly bursting to go for a wee, they couldn't leave as they had to keep a close eye on the presentations and make sure they were running to schedule. The German girl was also taking notes, so had to listen to every word which must have been very difficult with a full bladder! She was sitting with her legs crossed bouncing one leg up and down constantly, and shifting around in her seat occasionally while recrossing her legs the other way. The Russian girl in particular looked extremely desperate especially as the minutes ticked by to 12.30pm, which was when lunch was due to start.

She spent the entire last 30 minutes fidgeting in her seat, glancing at the clock, biting her lip, crossing and uncrossing her legs and running her hands through her hair. I wasn't surprised she was getting to bursting point, as by this point she had finished at least 3 large glasses of water along with at least one mug of coffee and a cup of tea. She also kept glancing towards the exit, dying to leave and run to the loo but not wanting to embarrass herself by standing up in front of the entire room and pushing past the senior people sat next to her.

The last speaker before lunch was running over slightly, and the Russian girl kept making signals towards the moderator to let them know that they were running over time. However, there was a lot of debate going on between the speaker and the senior people in the audience, so the girls had no choice but to sit there and hold on until they could finally get out and go for a wee. The tight skirts they were wearing wouldn't have helped either, and would have been putting extra pressure on their very full bladders.

Eventually at 12.45pm, it was finally time for lunch. Neither of the girls had been able to go to the loo for 4 hours now, and had been showing obvious signs of desperation for the past 45 minutes. They'd already had to wait 15 minutes longer than they thought, so now they wasted no time at all in getting out of the room and pretty much power walking to the toilets, going as fast as they could in their heels without running. They were giggling to each other and although I can't speak German very well they seemed to be teasing each other about how badly they both had to go. I was needing to go for a pee myself at this stage, and as the men's were right next to the women's toilets I ended up following them all the way to the door, where I'm sure I saw the Russian girl starting to undo her skirt before she'd even walked into the toilets!

A final short sighting happened at a train station while I was travelling to the airport. I was sat on the train waiting for it to leave when I spotted an attractive middle eastern girl, about 18 who was stood with an older lady, waiting for a train. She caught my eye at first as she was wearing really tight jeans and absolutely couldn't stand still for a second. She wasn't crossing her legs but was pretty much marching on the spot, bringing one knee up across her other knee and alternating, stamping her feet and occasionally pacing up and down. On a couple of occasions I saw her turn away and face the wall behind her, pushing a hand between her legs while bending over slightly.

The older lady with her, possibly her mum, didn't seem to even notice or care, and was too busy trying to show the girl something on her phone. She leaned over to watch the video, still fidgeting like mad, and just before my train pulled away I saw her hold herself again with her back to me, but this time as she turned around I saw her pressing her fingers right up against the crotch of her jeans. There are toilets at the station so I don't know why she didn't go and use them, perhaps the train was about to come and they didn't want to miss it.

*057*2017-01-19 18:06

Another recent sighting. I was walking towards the toilets when I nearly walked into a very attractive Indian lady in her 30s wearing a tight pencil skirt and heels, who was in a real hurry to get into the loo. 'Ooh sorry, I'm bursting' she said and jiggled a little on the spot. I let her go first (ok mainly so I could look at her bum in that skirt) and she thanked me with a smile before rushing ahead of me towards the toilets, her heels clicking loudly on the floor. As she threw open the door to the ladies toilets I caught her starting to unzip her skirt before she'd even walked in, and heard her footsteps speed up as she rushed into a cubicle and banged the door shut. As I walked past the ladies toilet door towards the men's, I heard the sound of her pee splashing hard against the water and a quiet moan of relief. Even as I walked into the men's and stood at the urinal and started to pee, I could still hear her stream going strong so she must have been holding on for a while.

*058*2017-02-25 11:02

Just remembered another good one from when I worked in a garden centre. There was a new starter working on the tills/registers with me. She was a few years older than me, about 25, very cute and was really friendly, short and curvy with dark brown hair. She spent the first couple of hours being shown around the place and taught how to use the till system, then started helping me on my till, packing customer's bags and chatting to them. She was very bubbly and popular with the customers, chatting with them about their day and helping them with their items. After another hour or so I noticed that she was getting very fidgety, jiggling up and down a bit on the spot and dancing from foot to foot while talking to customers. I don't think she had been for her break yet and I wondered if she was starting to get desperate for a wee. However, the lunchtime rush had just started and there wasn't a good opportunity for her to go for another 30 minutes or so.

Finally, the store started to quieten down a bit, and by this point it was obvious that she was bursting for a wee. She was rosy cheeked and flustered, and despite staying friendly and professional she could hardly stand still, shifting from foot to foot and hopping up and down while serving the customers. After I finished serving the last customer in the queue, she crossed her legs and leaned over the till to talk to me quietly. 'Are we allowed to go to the toilet, or do we have to get permission?' she asked shyly.

Despite her smile, she looked tense and as she finished speaking she bobbed on the spot, recrossing her legs again. I said that as long as there was someone to cover the till and that it wasn't too busy, nipping off for a quick loo break was usually OK. She nodded and started to dance from foot to foot, saying 'I best go now then while it's quiet, I've needed a wee for ages!'. I laughed and said sure, pointing her in the direction of the toilets, and she thanked me before speed walking to the loo. She came back a couple of minutes later looking very relieved.

*059*2017-04-06 16:41

Two nice sightings from a couple of years ago in my very first office job. Anyone who used to read my stories on Experience Project will probably remember this one.

A few weeks ago I had the opportunity to visit the swanky corporate offices owned by a company I’ve recently secured a job with. The day involved sitting in a fairly small room with about 20 other new starters and employees, listening to lots of presentations There were plenty of refreshments available, and this led to two nice desperation sightings.

One of the presentations was given by two women from HR, who were advising us on the sort of projects we would be assigned to. One of them, Sarah, was in her early 30s, attractive with short brown hair, wearing a knee length flowery dress, brown leather boots and a jacket. The other, Jenny, was younger, curvy but cute with light brown hair and glasses. As they stood at the front of the room waiting to be introduced by one of the managers, I noticed Sarah had her legs crossed tightly and kept looking towards the door. Jenny noticed and smiled, and Sarah whispered something in her ear, smiling sheepishly. Jenny laughed quietly and I heard her say ‘Quickly go now, they’re just down the corridor’, pointing over her shoulder, but Sarah smiled and shook her head. I immediately began to pay attention, realising that she obviously wanted to go for a pee quite badly, and probably hadn’t had time before rushing in to give the presentation.

The two women were introduced and Sarah began to speak, walking forward so everybody could see her. As soon as she stood still, she immediately crossed her legs tightly, pressing her thighs together. After about a minute, Jenny began to add to what Sarah was saying, and Sarah uncrossed her legs, shifting her weight from foot to foot while Jenny was speaking, hands tightly clasped in front of her dress. She started speaking again, still shifting from foot to foot. She must have realised how obvious it looked because she soon stopped, but she couldn’t stand still for more than a couple of seconds before re-crossing her legs, bending her knees ever so slightly.

She was obviously desperate, and was speaking fairly quickly, clearly trying to get through the presentation as quickly as possible. She spent the rest of the presentation either with her legs crossed or shifting from foot to foot, and whenever it was Jenny’s turn to speak, Sarah would let her desperate urge to pee become more obvious: folding her arms across her chest, keeping her legs crossed while she bent forward ever so slightly, even dancing from foot to foot at one point, bending her knees.

By now they’d been talking for around 15 minutes, and had finished everything they needed to say. Sarah moved back to standing next to Jenny as one of the managers clarified a couple of points, but I wasn’t really listening to what he was saying. As I watched her, Sarah crossed her legs so tightly she nearly lost her balance, accidentally bumping into Jenny. She whispered sorry, giving a little embarrassed smile, whispering something in Jenny’s ear. Jenny laughed quietly, glancing down at Sarah’s tightly crossed legs. If Sarah thought she finally had chance to escape and relieve her aching bladder, she was mistaken. The manager asked if we had any questions, and of course, being keen new starters, we had plenty to ask.

As she was the more senior of the two, most of the questions were directed at Sarah, which meant that most of the focus was on her. Even though she was clearly desperate to run off and have a long, relieving pee, she had to stand and answer question after question, her fidgeting getting more frantic. Although she mostly kept her legs tightly crossed, she would occasionally uncross them, bounce on the spot slightly and re-cross them almost immediately. She was finding it harder and harder to stay still, and I noticed that while they were waiting for questions, she kept glancing up to look at the clock.

After about half an hour of a constant barrage of questions, I could see that Sarah was getting really desperate. While the manager was clarifying an answer to somebody’s question, Sarah was standing with her arms folded, tapping the toe of her boot on the floor behind her. She noticed Jenny watching, and smiled at her again, whispering something that sounded like ‘I really, really need the loo’, just barely loud enough for me to hear as I was sat right at the front of the room. As the manager asked the room if there were any more questions, Sarah bounced on the spot quite obviously, bending her knees and biting her lip, betraying her desperate need for a wee. Of course, there were more questions, and Sarah had to cross her legs, squeezing her thighs together tightly as she answered.

Her answers were getting shorter, and she was finding it difficult to concentrate on what she was saying, losing her train of thought more than once, and Jenny often had to step in to help. Sarah’s mind was clearly concentrating more on the pressure in her uncomfortably full bladder than answering our questions. Although when she started the presentation she spoke fairly calmly, now she was getting more and more animated with her answers, occasionally dancing around a little and fidgeting on the spot as she spoke. It was incredibly sexy to see a professional, attractive woman trying to hide her desperation from the whole room, especially when everyone’s eyes were focused on her.

Eventually, our questions ended. I saw Sarah look up at the clock and bite her lip: she’d been standing in front of us, bursting to pee, for nearly 50 minutes. After the manager closed out the morning’s presentations and we all stood up to get lunch from a buffet table at the side of the room, I watched Sarah out of the corner of my eye, expecting her to dart out of the room. To my surprise, she didn’t. Instead, she stood talking to Jenny until the manager walked over to congratulate them on the successful presentation.

She grinned, crossing her legs tightly, and asked him ‘Can I go to the toilet now please?’ jokily, bending forwards. He laughed and said of course, and I heard her say she’d been needing to go throughout the whole presentation. However, after the manager left, she didn’t leave the room. Instead, she went over to the lunch table, grabbing some food before being asked yet another question by one of the new starters. She stood with her legs crossed extremely tightly, answering his questions for a good few minutes. I waited patiently for her to finish before she turned to me, smiling, and I asked her to clarify something (though really it was just an excuse to keep her waiting even longer).

Although she seemed desperate (keeping her legs tightly crossed throughout the whole conversation, speaking quickly and hurriedly, and biting her lip while she listening to me) she made no attempt to try and excuse herself and run off for the pee she’d been dying to have for the past hour. Eventually, after talking to a few more people (always standing with her legs tightly crossed or shifting from foot to foot) and finishing her lunch, she left the room in no hurry, walking off in the direction of the toilets. I get the feeling that, although she was clearly bursting, she wanted to hold on just a little while longer before finally relieving herself, maybe even enjoying the fact she had no choice but to cross her legs until she finally had chance to go to the loo.

Later in the afternoon, we worked in small grouped in order to produce a short presentation about a recent topic in the news. During one group’s presentation I noticed that one girl, a very cute and slim blonde called Joanne, wearing a smart white top and tight grey trousers, could barely stand still and had a tense expression on her face, her cheeks a little flushed. I thought it might just be nerves, but from the way she was fidgeting it definitely looked like she needed to pee. While she was waiting for her turn to speak, she was standing with her thighs pressed together, hands clasped behind her back.

As I watched her, I watched her eyes linger on the clock, and she bit her lip and bounced up and down ever so slightly on the balls of her feet. She then bent one knee, crossing it slightly over the other, really squeezing her thighs together. We had been plied with free tea and coffee after lunch, and clearly she had been needing a wee for quite a while but hadn’t had chance to go. And now she was stuck in the middle of a presentation, with about 4 more group’s presentations to sit through, and she looked absolutely bursting.

When it was her turn to speak, she sounded slightly breathless, and immediately crossed her legs as she started to speak. She kept her legs tightly crossed throughout her speech, and was acting very animated and fidgety, gesturing with her hands as she spoke. This might have just been her style of presenting, but I’m sure the fact that she was dying for a wee had some influence on how she was acting.

After she’d finished speaking, it was time for people to ask questions. She stood very still, her legs were uncrossed now though her thighs were pressed together as before, her hands resting on her thighs, bending forward ever so slightly. As questions were asked, she kept glancing up at the clock, biting her lip, as if willing time to move faster so she could finally go to the loo. At one point, although I can’t remember the context, one of the managers mentioned the word ‘toilet’ while making a joke. The power of suggestion was clear as Joanne quickly crossed her legs tightly as soon as he said the word, laughing politely along with everyone else but keeping her hands pressed tightly against her thighs.

Finally, her group finished answering questions and were allowed to sit down. I kept glancing over to where Joanne was sat as we watched the other groups presenting, and the whole time she had a tense look on her face. She was sitting forward in her seat, hands resting tightly in her lap, her thighs pushed together, biting her lip every so often and fidgeting around on her chair. I realised we still had quite a long time to go before we next got a break, and I think Joanne knew this as well, as she kept glancing at the door, desperate to hurry off and pee but not wanting to get up in front of everybody.

Finally, the presentations were over and the manager began to speak. I glanced over at Joanne and she was sat completely upright, staring intently at the manager as if willing him to stop talking so she could relieve herself at last. However, to her dismay, he said that we would be watching yet another presentation, this time from two current employees talking about the projects they were working on. I glanced over at Joanne as he said this, and I saw her looking extremely worried, looking up at the clock as she shifted her chair around to get a better view of the new presenters.

Unfortunately I couldn’t see much of what she was doing during the next presentation as her back was to me, but I did see her glance at the clock a couple more times, looking extremely anxious. The presentation went on for about 15 minutes, with another 10 minutes of questions. Towards the end of the question time, Joanne kept glancing around, looking incredibly frustrated each time someone spoke up to ask. She was sat right on the edge of her seat now, her cheeks flushed a rosy red, biting her lip worriedly. She looked incredibly desperate to pee.

Finally, the questions were over and we were given a quick break before the next task. As soon as people began to stand up, Joanne stood up quickly, and without saying anything to anyone, walked quickly towards the door, waiting impatiently for people to walk through in front of her. I stood up as well, needing to piss quite badly myself after drinking so much tea after lunch. I caught up with her, saying hi. ‘Hi’ she said breathlessly, giving me a smile, her face flushed. We had been chatting at lunch as well as in the hotel the day before, so we were already pretty friendly. ‘I really need a wee’ she said quietly, as if to explain why she was walking so fast. ‘Nice to know’ I said, laughing. She laughed, continuing. ‘Sorry but I really do. I needed the toilet since before the presentations’. No wonder she looked desperate, she must have been absolutely bursting the entire time.

We chatted a bit about the presentations but I could tell she wasn’t really concentrating. ‘Do you know where the toilets are?’ she asked me, suddenly worried, looking around frantically as we passed the reception desk. I shook my head, I did know where they were but wanted to keep her waiting just a tiny bit longer. She looked around again, sighing frustratedly before walking up to the desk, crossing her legs tightly as she leaned onto it.

Luckily for me, the receptionist was just finishing off a phone conversation, so I got to watch Joanne waiting anxiously for a few more seconds, keeping her legs tightly crossed as she waited for the receptionist to get off the phone. Even before the receptionist had put the phone down, Joanne was asking where the nearest toilets were, the desperation clear in her voice. The receptionist gave us directions, and Joanne thanked her hurriedly before we walked quickly around the next corner and they came into view. I saw her later looking more relaxed, her cheeks still flushed. I can only imagine the relief she must have felt after being bursting for so long!

*062*2017-04-07 16:36

Another few short sightings from the last week.

A very attractive colleague in her late 20s wearing a tight fitting black pencil skirt, black tights and heels looked in a hurry as she walked quickly back to her desk from a meeting room where she'd been in a video conference for the past two and a bit hours. She was rosy cheeked and flustered, carrying some paperwork as well as an empty coffee mug and a large empty glass, which she placed quickly on her desk. "Oh thank god that's over, I can go to the toilet now!" she said to the lady at the next desk, bobbing on the spot before hurrying off towards the toilets. She came back a couple of minutes later looking much more relaxed.

An attractive senior colleague in her 40s walking very quickly out of a meeting room towards the ladies toilets at the same time that I was heading towards the gents. I held the door to the corridor open for her and she smiled and thanked me before hurrying into the toilets, her heels clattering against the floor. It was quiet in the gents toilets next door so I could clearly hear her hurrying into a cubicle, the door banging shut and the lock sliding across, a rustle of clothing followed by a very long, very loud stream of pee pouring into the water below. She must have been bursting because the stream kept going for a good 30 seconds before turning into a trickle, followed by a sigh of relief.

And finally, another senior colleague (head of HR, in fact), a very attractive lady in her 40s wearing a tight fitting black skirt and black tights and flats, very obviously needing a pee while standing at the photocopier. She was crossing her legs one way, then the other, shifting from foot to foot and even bobbing on the spot a bit when she thought nobody was looking. At one point I heard her mutter 'oh come on' as the photocopier was being very slow, leaning back against the doorframe while folding her arms and crossing her legs very tightly.

She kept this position for a minute or so, before finally the copying was finished and she stepped forwards, immediately crossing her legs tightly as she lifted the lid and took the paper out, before walking quickly away back to her desk. She was obviously too busy to find time to go for a pee though, as she went straight past the door to the corridor where the toilets are, although she did glance towards them as she walked by. I wonder how long she had to wait before she finally found time to go!

*064*2017-04-21 17:23

{{On 07/04/2017 at 10:59 PM, SofullItHurts said:

Love all these stories. That is very lucky having toilets in work where can hear desperate lady going next door. Mind does boggle about how long the head of HR ended up having to wait as suspect she had a deadline or even a meeting to get to so could have been a lot longer holding on.

}}

I have seen the HR lady walking very quickly to the toilets on a few occasions, she is rediculously busy so probably has to hold on a while before finally finding a chance to go to the loo.

Few more sightings:

At a conference venue watching a project presentation, I noticed that one of the presenters, a very attractive slim blonde project manager in her 30s wearing very tight jeans, couldn't stay still. She was shifting from foot to foot, crossing and uncrossing her legs, and looking very fidgety. I thought it may just be nerves, but she was a very confident presenter and didn't look to be nervous at all. By this point, they had given the same 30 minute presentation 4 times to different groups, and we were the final group of the day.

So she had been presenting for 2 hours straight, and before that there was another hour long presentation to listen to with no break in between, so I started to wonder if all the morning coffees had caught up with her and she was now badly needing to pee. As the presentation neared the end, she kept her legs crossed constantly, occasionally uncrossing and crossing them the other way, with a little bounce in between. She also kept looking up at the clock with a worried look on her face. 

Finally the presentations were over and we all went back into the main conference room. Rather than sitting down with the rest of her colleagues, she stood up behind her chair with her legs crossed. I heard her ask the woman next to her 'do you think I've got time to go to the ladies?', and jiggled on the spot, still keeping her legs crossed. Her colleague laughed and said 'no probably not, they're about to start the next presentation'. She laughed and gave a little frustrated sigh, jiggling again before saying 'I'm gonna have to go, can't wait any longer' before hurrying out the room.

Just after the blonde woman left the room, a gorgeous black woman in her 30s came in, chatting to a colleague. Her seat was at the same table as mine, but instead of sitting down she carried on chatting. She was bouncing from foot to foot but was trying to be subtle, occasionally crossing her legs tightly before uncrossing them and carrying on with the bouncing. She was practically doing a pee dance but completely engaged in her conversation. They finished talking a couple of minutes later, and the woman came over to her chair and put her notebook and empty water glass down on the table, saying hi to her friend sat in the next seat along.

Instead of sitting down, she glanced up at the stage, where the next presenter was getting ready to start. 'Is there time to go to the loo?' she asked, but just as she finished speaking, the presenter started talking through the microphone. She sighed in frustration, and sat down reluctantly. Her friend smiled and whispered 'too late!', and the woman bit her lip and said 'I'll have to hang on!' jiggling a bit in her chair. Luckily for her, the next presentation was fairly short, only about ten minutes, and after a lot of fidgeting and leg crossing in her seat, the presentation finished and she walked very quickly out of the room to relief.

And finally, a short one from yesterday. I was making a cup of coffee when a beautiful Indian lady in her late twenties, wearing a tight dress and black tights and flats, came out of a nearby meeting room and over to the sink next to where I was, carrying an empty mug. She smiled at me and said hello, turning on the tap and rinsing her mug. As she was rinsing it, she was dancing from foot to foot and bobbing on the spot, and clearly the water was not helping with her obvious need to pee! As soon as she finished rinsing it, she placed it on the counter before walking quickly towards the toilets. She came back a couple of minutes later to make another cup of tea, looking very relieved.

*065*2017-05-15 17:49

Here are a few reposted from an old thread. These are all train station sightings and most of them involve bursting office workers on the way home.

One evening I was faced with a 2 hour wait for the next train home, and the only seats available were right outside the toilets (which you had to pay 30p for). So despite the annoying long wait, I got to see a couple of good sightings. A very attractive brunette woman wearing business attire, probably in her mid 20s, came hurrying towards the toilets, her cheeks flushed. As she got nearer and saw you needed 30p to get in, she swore under her breath and crossed her legs tightly, fished around frantically in her bag to find some change. After looking for a few seconds she bit her lip and hurried off, looking around looking slightly embarrassed, obviously not having any cash on her. She came back a few minutes later looking even more desperate and tense. She walked quickly to the change machine, got the needed coins and hurried into the toilets.

A bit later I saw two women in their 30s or early 40s, one blonde and one brunette. They seemed shocked that you had to pay for the toilets and stood to one side, looking around in their hangbags for coins. The blonde woman was crouched down with her bag between the legs, and she looked up at her friend and said something, bobbing up and down. Her friend (who was stood with her legs crossed) laughed and said something back, bouncing on the spot as well. They were both clearly bursting, and the blonde woman eventually found some coins but the brunette was still standing at the change machine. They were standing around looking worried, and I heard them calling over an attendant.

It looked as though she’d put money in and hadn’t got any change back, so they had to wait for somebody to open up the machine. The blonde woman couldn’t wait so she went quickly into the toilets, but her friend was left standing around waiting, her legs still tightly crossed. Every so often she’d look around and bite her lip, looking longingly at the toilets. After a few minutes she obviously couldn’t wait any longer, because she shyly admitted to the attendant that she really needed to go but had no change. Luckily for her, the attendant took pity on her and let her through the turnstile, and she said a very relieved sounding ‘Thanks’ as she walked quickly towards relief.

After going out for drinks with some colleagues after work, I was waiting on the platform in a busy station when I noticed two very attractive women, both in their 20s, one blonde and one brunette, hurrying off a train that had just pulled into the station. The brunette woman in particular was absolutely gorgeous, with olive skin, wearing a short black skirt. Both of them looked to be in a hurry, but the brunette woman in particular seemed particularly frantic. As soon as they stepped onto the platform they quickly looked down the length of the platform, the brunette woman standing on tip toes to get a better view.

‘I can’t see any, let’s get back on the train and get off at the next stop’ the blonde said, moving towards the train door. The brunette crossed her legs and bit her lip, looking towards the steps towards the platform exit. ‘There must be some up here, come on’ she said quickly, bouncing on the spot with her legs crossed before hurrying up the stairs. The blonde woman didn’t have time to argue as the train doors had already closed, and it was beginning to pull away. It was obvious they were looking for a toilet, and I knew although the station had some, they were just outside the ticket barriers and were quite difficult to find (not to mention you had to pay to use them).

They hurried up the stairs and turned the corner. I saw them again back on the platform about 2 minutes later, and by the tense expression on their faces it was obvious they hadn’t managed to find the loos. They anxiously waited for the next train (only about 5 minutes, luckily for them). The brunette woman was dancing from foot to foot, kicking up her legs behind her, biting her lip and jiggling around, not even trying to hide her desperation. The blonde woman had her legs tightly crossed and a similarly worried expression on her face. After another few minutes of fidgeting, lip biting, leg crossing and anxious looks, the train eventually arrived and they quickly got on.

Another time at this same station one evening, I was waiting for a train home after I’d had a couple of drinks with some work mates when I saw a very pretty woman in her late 30s, wearing a red coat, flowery skirt and black tights, stood with a guy who I assume was her husband, looking anxiously at the board with the train times on. She couldn’t stand still for a second, and as I watched her she stood on one leg, the other leg brought up behind her with her thighs pushed together, every few seconds alternating which leg she was standing on. She looked absolutely frantic for a wee.

She turned to her husband with worried look on her face, dancing quickly from foot to foot, pushing her thighs together as she did so, before she walked quickly down the platform, her husband following behind. Unfortunately I didn’t get to see much more as my train arrived, but it’s not often you get to see a very attractive, well-off looking woman dancing around like a desperate schoolgirl because she needs a pee!

Waiting outside my small, local station for a lift home after work, I noticed that there was quite a long queue of people waiting by the bus stop. This was unusual, as usually the bus would have arrived by this time. Quite a few people in the queue were looking annoyed, and clearly the bus was late. One woman in the queue (in her 20s, attractive with shoulder length dark brown hair, wearing a black skirt, black tights and black jacket) was on the phone and had her legs extremely tightly crossed.

She stood like this for a few minutes, legs wrapped around each other, before she quickly uncrossed them, bouncing violently on the spot while bending forwards at the waist and squeezing her thighs together, before straightening up and crossing her legs the other way even tighter than before. She was quite clearly absolutely bursting, and the bus being late certainly wasn’t helping. She did this movement a couple more times in the next few minutes, and never stood without her legs wrapped around each other, still speaking on the phone. She must have been absolutely desperate for a wee, as she did not seem to be trying to hide how badly she had to go, or care about the people behind her seeing her fidget around. Eventually, the bus arrived and I saw her getting on with a worried look. The bus was packed, so it’s unlikely she managed to get a seat and had to endure her journey home standing up with very full bladder.

Same station as above, I had just got off the train and was waiting outside the station for a lift into town when I noticed an absolutely stunning brunette woman, probably in her late teens or early 20s, obviously waiting for a lift too. She had her legs crossed, and was fidgeting around, pushing her thighs tightly together. She stood like this for a minute, before uncrossing her legs, bouncing from foot to foot for a few seconds, and then recrossing them tightly. She glanced around self consciously to see if anyone had noticed her subtle pee dancing, and she was biting her lip. She looked absolutely bursting, but was obviously embarrassed and trying to hide how badly she wanted to go. My friend arrived in his car a couple of minutes later, so I didn’t get to see how long she still had to wait.

Standing in the passenger waiting area at another large station (a small indoor area on the platform with some tables and chairs, a single unisex passenger toilet and a separate toilet for disabled passengers – both locked at this time in the evening), I was reading the news on my phone while waiting for a delayed train when a gorgeous Indian woman wearing smart office attire hurried in through the doors and headed straight for the toilets, her heels clicking quickly on the floor. I watched her surreptitiously, as she was biting her lip and looked quite desperate to go.

She reached the door to the toilet and pulled it, sighing quietly in frustration as she found it locked. She quickly walked towards the disabled toilet and found that locked too. She sighed again and walked back towards the door to the waiting area, standing with her legs tightly crossed while texting on her phone. She stood like this for a few more minutes, shoes clicking on the floor as she fidgeted around and tapped her feet, before her train arrived and she left the waiting area, giving one last frustrated look towards the locked toilet door as she did so.

Waiting on the platform for a train to London one evening after work, I saw three pretty women in their late 20s/early 30s, one tall blonde woman, and two brunettes, one with darker hair and olive skin, all wearing smart office attire. All three had their legs tightly crossed and the cute darker haired woman could hardly stand still, and although her movements were subtle, it was obvious she had to pee. She went from dancing from foot to foot while bending her knees, to standing on her tip toes with her legs together, to standing with her legs wrapped around each other, all the while fidgeting and giggling with her friends, quite red in the face.

I overheard her saying she’d had too many glasses of wine in the pub after work, and her friends were telling her to go and use the toilets on the platform but she said she’d ‘rather cross her legs and wait until she got home’. At this point, the other brunette woman said she needed to go too, and recrossed her legs even tighter than before. My train arrived a short time later, I wonder if they made it home!

And finally, I’ve saved the best til last! My flatmate at the time (a very short, cute, pretty Chinese girl who I used to work with) and I were on the train heading back home after going for drinks with some colleagues after work. The train journey was about 45 minutes long, and after 10 minutes or so I noticed her fidgeting in her seat, crossing her legs and bouncing them. As it was a Friday (when most people in our office dress casually for work) she was dressed in black skinny jeans and a very tight t-shirt, revealing her great figure. During a break in conversation I watched her biting her lip and looking out of the window, arms folded in her lap, looking more anxious with each passing minute. It definitely looked like she was getting desperate for a pee.

She’d had at least 2 pints of cider in the pub, and I hadn’t seen her leave the table at all for the hour or so we were in there. All that liquid surely must have found its way to her bladder by now and would be aching to be released. She’s usually quite shy about bathroom related things, but whether it was the fact we were good friends or the fact that we were both a little bit tipsy, she turned to me and said quietly ‘I wish there were loos on this train, I’m absolutely dying for a wee’. I laughed and told her she should have gone in the pub before we left. ‘I know, I just forgot. I was gonna go in the station but I couldn’t see any toilets’ she said, grinning sheepishly.

After another 10 or 15 minutes she had gone from being chatty and bubbly to staring out of the window, sat right on the edge of her seat, jiggling her thighs with her hands in her lap. She was clearly extremely desperate, focusing on holding on until we got to our station. I asked her if she was OK and she shook her head. ‘I really need to go. I don’t think I can wait until we get back home, I might have to get off at the next station’ she said smiling, though I could tell just how tense she was.

‘Unless you have a bottle I can go in?’ she added cheekily, bouncing in her seat. I laughed and told her I didn’t. ‘Not even joking, I need a wee that badly I’d be tempted’ she said quietly, her voice strained. After another couple of minutes, the train began to slow down for the next station. ‘Yeah I’m gonna get off and use the toilets here, I’m dying’ she said laughing, standing up slowly and making her way to the door. I told her I’d come too as I needed to go as well (which was true, all the pints I’d had to drink had made their way through me). 

As we stood by the door she crossed her legs and bounced up and down, dancing on the spot and jiggling her hips, one hand grabbing the handle by the door, the other resting over her bladder (there was a visible bulge under her t-shirt, she must have been absolutely bursting by now). ‘Come ooooon I need to gooooo’ she said laughing, urging the train to pull into the station faster. I teased her by asking her what she’d do if the toilets weren’t open (as lots of stations lock their toilets by this time), and she turned to glare at me. ‘Don’t even say that…’ she said biting her lip. She was so focused on getting to them that she obviously hadn’t thought of the possibility of them being closed.

After a couple more minutes (which must have felt like forever for the desperate girl dancing on the spot in front of me) we finally pulled in and the doors opened. ‘Finally’ she muttered as she got off and walked quickly in the direction of the toilets, gritting her teeth. Luckily for her, they were right on the platform, and even luckier, they were open. She hurried inside, and I went into the men’s and gratefully emptied my bladder. ‘Feel better?’ I asked her after she came out and we were waiting on the platform for the next train. She nodded, her cheeks flushed. ‘Yeah I do! Sorry, I had to go so badly, I’d have wet myself on the train otherwise’ she said laughing.

*066*2017-08-23 16:49

Few more shorter ones I've seen recently:

A very attractive Indian lady in her late 20s, wearing a black dress, tights and heels, went into a meeting room with some of her colleagues, carrying a large mug of tea. Luckily the meeting room is right near my desk, so I saw her come out nearly two hours later to answer a phone call. Straight away I saw that she looked absolutely bursting for the loo. She couldn't stand still, and was constantly pacing back and forth while speaking, with a very serious look on her face.

Every so often she would stop pacing and cross her legs tightly, squeezing her thighs together, bobbing on the spot a little, before uncrossing them and resuming her pacing. She did this for a couple of minutes, never stopping her desperate pacing and leg crossing, before ending the call. She did glance in the direction of the ladies loos, but instead she went back into the meeting room. The meeting ended about 10 minutes later and she came out of the room with her colleagues, this time carrying her mug which was now empty. She walked quickly over to the kitchen area, putting her mug into the dishwasher, but before she could hurry to the loo she was stopped by a colleague. She quickly crossed her legs and spoke to him briefly, keeping her legs crossed the whole time, before finally getting away and walking very quickly to finally have a wee.

I was at the kitchen area making a cup of tea when I saw an attractive woman in her 30s walking quickly out of a conference room and hurrying down the corridor, carrying a large empty mug and an empty glass. One of the senior managers was giving a presentation in there, and I knew the woman had organised it all so I asked her how it was going. She told me that it was all going well so far and had nearly finished, but that she'd had to escape for a couple of minutes because she was 'dying to go to the loo'! She was rosy-cheeked and was jiggling a bit, and she really did look desperate. She put down her mug and glass before hurrying to the loo which luckily for her was very close by.

Towards the end of a 90 minute meeting I noticed that one of our management team (a curvy, attractive blonde lady in her early 40s) kept shifting around in her seat and was looking very distracted. She had been sipping from a large cup of coffee during the meeting which by now was totally empty, and she definitely looked like she was starting to feel desperate for a wee. I also realised that she probably had not had chance to go to the loo yet as she'd been in back-to-back meetings since arriving at work at 8.30 that morning, and it was now coming up to 11.30.

I was sat next to her, so I could see her crossing and uncrossing her legs every couple of minutes, bouncing her leg, squirming around in her chair, and a couple of times I saw her uncross her legs and press her thighs together, while pressing down on the front of her skirt with both hands. She was clearly absolutely bursting to go, and as soon as the meeting finished she was up quickly out of her chair, smoothing down her skirt and hurrying out of the room without waiting for anybody. 

However, I was walking back to my desk about a minute later when I saw her hurrying back towards me. I thought perhaps she had left something in the meeting room, but when she passed me she sighed in frustration and said 'I'm trying to find a ladies' that isn't closed!'. Her cheeks were red and she looked very flustered, frantically trying to find somewhere to finally relieve herself. I wondered what she meant at first, but then later on I noticed that the toilets closest to our desks were closed for maintenance, as were the ones on the floor above, so she must have had to spend a few minutes searching for somewhere to pee while absolutely desperate!

And finally, a short one from the other day. Around lunchtime I was standing outside the office talking on the phone when I noticed a very beautiful Indian lady in her 20s, wearing a tight pencil skirt and very high heels, standing in the pick-up point waiting for a taxi. I'd never seen her before so I assumed she was a sales person/consultant who had come to visit the office for a morning meeting and was now on the way to her next appointment. She was standing with her legs really tightly crossed, feet wide apart with one foot pointing slightly inwards, looking like she might need a wee.

I wasn't sure at first because women wearing heels often stand like this, but every so often she would uncross her legs and pace slowly back and forth looking very impatient, looking up and down the road for the taxi, before resuming her crossed legged stance. I was sure that she really needed to pee, but unluckily for me the taxi came a couple of minutes later. I couldn't help but wonder how far her journey was and when she would get chance to use the loo.

$

*069*2018-02-14 21:45

Nice story mate, Indian women are so fine! Sri Lankan/Bangladeshi too.

I have a couple of recent desp sightings:

A few days ago I was at a supermarket buying my lunch, and while I was queuing at the self-checkouts I saw an attractive older lady, probably in her late 40s or early 50s, chatting to one of the sales assistants. She was dressed professionally in a suit jacket, skirt, black tights and high heels. What drew my attention to her was that she looked really flustered and antsy, like she was in a hurry to leave, but the person she was talking to wouldn't shut up! She was standing with one leg out in front of her, her foot pointing towards the exit, which is classic body language for somebody who is trying to leave a conversation but is too polite to interrupt.

Anyway, as I watched her, she suddenly crossed that leg tightly over the other one and bobbed on the spot. By now, I was standing at the self-checkout right next to her, so I was close enough to hear her say quietly 'Ooh I'm dying for the loo, I'm going to have to go. You know when you've left it too long?' The sales assistant laughed, and the bursting woman hurried to the self-checkout next to mine, moving from foot to foot as she scanned her items as quickly as she could. As always with self-checkouts, there was a problem with one of the items, and I heard her mutter 'Oh for God's sake' before calling over someone to help. As she waited for them to fix it, she crossed her legs again, getting more impatient, before finally the problem was solved. She quickly paid for her items, bobbing up and down on the spot with her legs still crossed tightly, before hurrying out of the store as quickly as she could.

While at a conference late last year, we had to sit through several long presentations right after lunch, followed by a team building game. I was in the same team as an attractive Chinese lady in her mid 20s who I know quite well, and as we walked over to join the rest of our team members she admitted to me quietly that she had hoped there would be a break before the game started because she had been so busy catching up with colleagues over lunch that she had not had chance to go to the toilet. We stood with our team for a few minutes, discussing the task, and she spent the whole time with her legs tightly crossed, not saying much, looking quite flustered and rosy-cheeked. We had to nominate a team leader, and it was suggested that she should lead, but she said she really didn't want to do it.

It looked to me like she was dying to find an excuse to slip away for a couple of minutes so she could run to the loo. Somebody else took the role of team leader and went to go and find more information about the task. As we waited, the Chinese woman started to walk away, before coming back and asking me if it was OK if she left for a couple of minutes so she could run to the toilet. I have no idea why she was asking me, maybe it was just politeness, so I laughed and said No! She bounced on the spot and grinned before telling me 'Sorry, I have to go now!' before hurrying off for relief.

I don't have time to write it up right now, but I had another great sighting late last year when I saw an absolutely stunning Albanian woman delivering a training course barely concealing a pee dance before she finally had chance for a loo break. That one probably deserves its own thread actually!

*070*2018-12-06 16:31

{{On 4/7/2017 at 5:36 PM, Despguy123 said:

And finally, another senior colleague (head of HR, in fact), a very attractive lady in her 40s wearing a tight fitting black skirt and black tights and flats, very obviously needing a pee while standing at the photocopier. She was crossing her legs one way, then the other, shifting from foot to foot and even bobbing on the spot a bit when she thought nobody was looking.

At one point I heard her mutter 'oh come on' as the photocopier was being very slow, leaning back against the doorframe while folding her arms and crossing her legs very tightly. She kept this position for a minute or so, before finally the copying was finished and she stepped forwards, immediately crossing her legs tightly as she lifted the lid and took the paper out, before walking quickly away back to her desk. She was obviously too busy to find time to go for a pee though, as she went straight past the door to the corridor where the toilets are, although she did glance towards them as she walked by. I wonder how long she had to wait before she finally found time to go!

}}

I saw this same gorgeous lady (head of HR) desperate again a couple of days ago. I was talking on the phone when I saw her come out of a meeting room along the corridor with about 10 other people. I had seen them go in there earlier in the day, and I think they had been in there for around 3 hours straight. She was standing there in the corridor talking to another lady and looked absolutely bursting for the toilet, but I think she was trying to stay professional and not let on how badly she wanted to go. She was constantly shifting position, standing with her legs tightly crossed for a few minutes before uncrossing them and standing with one foot pointing in front of her at an angle for a few moments before quickly recrossing her legs the other way, at the ankles.

Every so often I saw her bobbing slightly on the spot or raising herself up on her toes, always keeping her legs crossed and thighs squeezed together. After about 10 minutes of discreet fidgeting the group walked past me out of the doors where the toilets are. She stood there for a few moments right outside the women's toilets but couldn't escape as she was still deep in conversation with the lady from the meeting room, her legs still tightly crossed. Eventually they decided to leave and the bursting woman followed them downstairs to the reception to say goodbye. Unfortunately I couldn't follow her down to reception (where there are no toilets) to see the inevitable squirming and crossing of legs, but after a few moments I saw her hurrying back up the stairs again and darted straight into the toilets for a much needed wee.

