Desperation stories

Author: Tibarary

*000*2014-12-18 13:28

To contribute something to the community I thought about posting some stories from my archive. I collected this stories over years of browsing through the internet on the search after pee related topics. The storis I will post are from different sites, some of them are long gone , others are still active. So the stories are not new and not written by me but for me the stories in my archive are the best that I could find until now. I'm sure most of you know many of these but maybe there are some new members which I can make happy. My interest is female desperation, humiliation, no bathroom, desperate wetting, desperate public peeing, not staged or deliberate peeing or wetting.

I would like to start with a story which is true in the core but with a few extras to make the story a bit more exciting (I mus say i did this the first time and normally I dont chance stories). Please tell me if you like to read more ore not. And... you notice that english is not my mother language so please forgive my mistakes.

Part I:

Well, this is my first story. 100% true, and although very embarrassing, it was a massive turn-on for me at the time, and again recalling the memory as I write this story. I've been an avid reader of desperation stories online, and although I have many of my own experiences, this is the first story I've written.

Outdoors peeing and desperation has been a huge turn on for me, for as long as I can remember. Nothing gives me more of a thrill than the sight of a man or woman, diving for cover, fumbling to get clothing out of the way before releasing a bursting bladder-full of pee. I've been lucky enough to have seen this many times. Mmmmm.

I also love to pee outside myself. Although I'm a very shy girl. I will only do it if there's absolutely nowhere else to go, and with ample coverage, so I can't be seen.

There have been several of these occasions, but this (utterly embarrassing, for an extremely shy girl) instance, stands out in my mind most of all.

Two years ago, with the age of 19, I discovered the world of online dating. I got to know a few men online, but had grown especially close to one man in particular. We had gotten to know each other for a couple of months before he asked me out on a date. I was a bit apprehensive, but took the bull by the horns and agreed to meet him.

It was a summer evening, and out to impress, I spent all afternoon getting ready. Wearing my favourite close fitting jeans, black heels, and a tight black top which, I felt, showed off my cleavage perfectly. Paul picked me up near my house and off we set. With no planning before of where we were going, we decided then to drive to a little seaside town, about 20 miles from where I live. There was an awkward silence in the car for the whole journey, and I was relieved when Paul asked if I'd like to stop at a little pub we were passing. The car was hot, and I welcomed the pub-atmosphere, hoping it would take the pressure off having to make conversation.

I chose a table while Paul went to the bar. I don't drink, and he couldn't because he was driving. So we both chose coke. The heat in the car had made me very thirsty so I gulped mine down quickly, and headed to the bar for some more. With background music and chatter, we both felt more at ease with each other and conversation flowed more naturally. I finished my second coke, and Paul went to buy me another when my mobile phone rang. It was quite noisy and I couldn't hear so I took the call into the quiet of the ladies toilets. I had a little bit of an urge, and while already in the loo, I took the opportunity to have a quick pee.

I returned to the table, where we talked some more, and finished up our drinks. The night was wearing on so we got back in the car and continued on to the seaside. On the warm evening, it was so nice to have a little walk along the beach. We sat on a bench looking out to sea for about half an hour. On heading back to the car we passed an ice-cream shop. Paul got a cone and I opted for one of the frozen drinks, not being a lover of ice-cream. Back in the car I had already drank half of mine when I suddenly felt a semi-urgent need to pee. Glancing round I could see no public toilets, I was so shy that I couldn't tell Paul I might need to find a toilet. I estimated it being about an hour until I'd be back home, and wondered if I should finish my drink. Since Paul had bought it for me, I didn't want to be rude and not drink it all, so I decided that even if we didn't come across any public toilets, I'd be okay until I got home.

Now, I don't know what they put in those frozen drinks but my bladder was filling rapidly, and I was really looking forward to getting home. It was now almost dark as we drove along, when all of a sudden, smoke began pouring out of the front of the car. Pulling into the next lay-by we hopped out of the car. Paul was no car expert, and nor was I. Luckily he was a member of the AA, so he called them. He was told help would be on it's way within the next two hours and not to get back into the car.

I was already panicking. My bladder was very full and we were in the middle of nowhere. On a country road with fields on either side and not even a place to sit. Crossing my legs would have even been too obvious. Oh well, nothing to do but grin and bare it, I thought to myself. But the urge was getting a strong one to bare. Paul was stressed out about his car, and with my bladder as full as it was, it went back to the awkward silence. I'd have killed just to have had somewhere to sit down, so I could cross my legs tightly without drawing attention, and ease my bladder for a while. I stood, with my legs clamped together and bit my lip, as my urge grew from uncomfortable, to desperate. The only thing I could do to help myself was tug my jeans up at the waist, to put some pressure on my crotch. It helped to begin with, but with my bladder still filling, I could feel it bulging, and pulling at the waistband wasn't helping matters any.

Standing still was difficult, I couldn't resist bending my knees every now and then. My bladder felt near bursting, now even the lightest touch on my lower stomach caused a wave of desperation that made me shudder. There was a hedge behind us that I walked over and propped myself up against. That gave me enough support so I could at least cross my legs, and I crossed them, extra tight!

Looking at my watch it had been less than an hour since Paul had rang the AA, I couldn't stand the thought of having to wait more than an hour for them to come, and then God knows how long before I'd get home. My bladder was bursting, if I'd been wearing black I swear I'd have wet myself on purpose. With jeans, this was impossible. Now jiggling up and down with my legs still crossed, and absolutely desperate, a spasm shot through me and a little jet of pee soaked my knickers. From past experience, I knew I couldn't last much longer after that.

So caught up in my own predicament was I, that I hadn't noticed Paul was looking a little bit uncomfortable himself. Suddenly it dawned on me that we were probably in the same boat. He was facing out onto the road and I could see his hand in his pocket. Now the feeling of my bursting bladder was accompanied by being utterly turned on, thinking I had a man that was busting to pee, right in front of my eyes. It's a strange, but rather enjoyable feeling to be desperate to pee, but incredibly turned on at the same time (as I'm sure, alot of you know)

I imagined Paul whipping out his cock right there and hosing down the tarmac right in front of me, such a turn on. With Paul's back to me, I was able to hold myself for the first time. I was absolutely bursting, to the point that I was scared to remove my hand from between my legs, feeling that my hand alone, was stemming the flow. That was short-lived though, even my hand couldn't stop another small dribble escaping. I knew I needed to think of something, and fast, before losing control completely, and wetting myself.

I was deep in thought, and still trying desperately to hold in my pee. Paul turned around. I took my hand from between my legs and clamped my thighs together. Neither of us had said a word for a while, we tried to make idle chat. I could see Paul's hand wedged firmly in his pocket, with a highly uncomfortable expression on his face, and knew for sure he was dying for a pee, like myself. There was a bit more chatting when Paul suddenly turned to me. "Karen, I cannot apologise enough, but what with all that coke, I'm afraid I'm going to have to utilise the bushes, or there will be a terrible accident" he said, with a very embarrassed laugh. This admission made me feel another type of wetness between my legs, I was so turned on. Looking thoroughly mortified, he found a little gap in the hedge and climbed through, into the field.

With Paul out of sight, I jammed both hands between my legs and began a frantic pee-pee-dance. I glanced down at my crotch and was relieved to see there were no obvious signs of wetness – yet! Although not able to see Paul through the hedge, his stream was loud enough for me to hear. I'm sure I also heard a sigh of relief (that could have been wishful thinking on my part, the sigh of relief always gets me going!) After what must have been three or four minutes, Paul sheepishly climbed back through the hedge. He said "I'm really sorry about that, I just had to" I told him not to apologise, it was fine. Little did he know how hot it had been for me!

Now this was my chance. Feeling more embarrassed than I'd ever felt before, but with no option. I was literally wetting myself, there was no way I could hold on until help came, never mind waiting until I got home.

I formed a sentence in my head, but as desperate as I was, I couldn't get it out. It must have taken me a good ten minutes, the second squirt burst into my already soaked panties, to say "I'm in much the same position as you" He gave me a confused look as I cursed my shyness. He continued to look at me, so I added "I think I'm going to need a trip into the field myself, that frozen drink has gone straight through me"

"Oh", he replied, looking embarrassed on my behalf.

He had the decency to move along down the road, more than I'd done for him, as I tried to clambered through the hedge to find a hidden place to pee… but right at this moment the AA car was coming an put its yellow dashlights on an stopped in front of our car.

*004*2014-12-24 13:45

Okay :-) so here is the second part.

I couldn’t believe it. Seconds away from the greatest relief I ever had I was interrupted by this dammed vehicle.

The AA service man climbed out of his car and he began to speak with Paul. I began to panic because now I would not get the chance to pee somewhere in the next minutes.

He towed our car and we both have to sit together with the driver on the two seats next to him in the AA Car.

I was climbing behind Paul in the car so he was sitting between me and the service man. Wow…sitting down was good but now, with the AA man in the car I really tried everything to hide my predicament. Bad enough Paul knew about my need and maybe he doesn’t think about it now but with a stranger next to me it was terrible.

He told us he would bring us to the next AA service station from where we could use a rental car to drive home.

After about ten minutes I asked the driver: " How long will it take to get there?"

"Another twenty minutes or so," he informed us.

The thought of having to keep this up for another twenty minutes was almost too awful to think about for me, and was even worse when heavy traffic started to slow them down. The thought of having to wait that long terrified me - what if my need to go increased more? What if it got so bad I could not hold back my pee any longer? I couldn't sit and wet my knickers like a little girl.

I had to pee - BADLY! The words were on the tip of my tongue "please stop at a gas station, I gotta pee"... but I could not say them. So I suffered, in silence. I occasionally crossed my legs to ease the tension, but it was more like a casual crossing of the legs rather than a "I gotta go" crossing. The only way I could get a bit of relief was to lean forward a bit so that my peehole was pushed tightly against the car seat. Even then, I knew that if I relaxed just a bit, I'd lose some urine when I shifted position, so I held my bladder muscles tightly.

After 20 minutes of driving the way to the station I had no options anymore…I asked as calmly as I could: "Sorry Mister, would you please stop somewhere? I need to use a bathroom."

"Hey, it's only about another ten miles to the service station. It should only be about another fifteen minutes. Can you wait that long?"

"I think so," I said not want to show how desperate I was.

"If you're so bad, I'll look for somewhere to stop along here,"

I made a dismissive gesture with my hand and said: "No, no. It's not that urgent."

My bladder was agony where my jeans cut across it, so to try and ease this. I loosened my belt, which did not make much difference, then undid the waistband, which was better, and finally, desperate to do anything to help my wait, undid the zip halfway. And during all that actions I tried to hide what I was doing in front of Paul and the stranger. Even like this, my bladder ache was awful, and I wrapped my arms across my stomach and bent forward, which only made it worse, and then leaned back, an unnatural position, but the one that was least painful for her. I could feel the hard, painful, swelling of my abdomen.

Crossing my legs actually increased this pressure, but with my legs apart there was a sharper, more urgent need to pee to cope with, just as miserable but in a different way. The best thing was to keep changing position, but then I was fidgeting like a little girl about to wet my pants, and making my need for a loo obvious to everyone. I wanted to hold my crotch, but the two man would see that, so it was no option, I simply was to proud to do this in front of two strangers.

Finally we pulled up next to the AA station and I was out like a shot. I didn't say anything, I undid my seat belt, whispered to Paul "I've to find a toilet" and ran for the service station. Walking was no easy task, but I tried to smile and make like nothing was wrong.

My bladder felt like it was about to explode. I had to walk around the building to the bathroom, but the door was locked. There was a sign on the door that read "please obtain key from attendant." This was going to be hard for me - remember, I'm shy about letting people know I've gotta pee, and this would entail walking to the front of the building, where Paul would see me asking for the key. I had no choice, I was about to burst. When I got to the front of the building Paul was talking with the AA man. I waved at him and then asked an attendant for the key. I was told that the bathrooms were out of order. Paul was watching, and I didn't want him to know that I couldn't use a bathroom, so I walked back behind the building so he would think everything was fine.

I had to go so badly now, that I didn't think I could walk back normally. I really couldn't wait longer. I nearly lost it as I walked away from Paul but managed to get it back under control. But now I knew: when the next surge came, I would have to wet myself. I pressed my hand between my legs and slowed down to stop the jolts on my bladder.

I looked around and saw no one. I had to go - right now! I contemplated unzipping my jeans and pulling them down so that I could squat right there, behind the building to relieve my aching bladder. I feared that someone would come walking by but there was no choice…

Now in serious danger of wetting myself completely, I unbuttoned my jeans as hastily as I could, pulling both them and my saturated black lacy knickers down in one go.

I began peeing before I could even manage to get into the squatting position.

With my jeans now around my knees, I relaxed and let go. Ahhhhhh........I almost cried out in relief. I closed my eyes and heard the loud, hissing stream flow onto the pavement beneath me. A puddle of pee was forming around my feet, soaking my shoes, but I didn't care. I was peeing at last, my bladder had been bursting for what felt like a lifetime and it was an amazing feeling to finally be able to let it go. I peed, and I peed, and I peed, and I peed, feeling the cool night air on my bum and my pussy, it was fantastic. It had been so close, I was shaking with the effort of having held it for so long. A large foamy puddle was soaking onto the pavement. And suddenly, after 20 seconds of peeing I heard someone coming.

Oh my god, for nothing in the world I would get caught with my knickers around my ankles behind this building peeing on the pavement. I should be old enough to hold my pee, I would die of embarrassment.

I was using every muscle in my body to hold it back at this point and clamped it off, luckily, I regained control. My thighs were shaking from the pressure of trying to hold back the piss I had started to take.

The pee was right at the tip of my peephole but this time it wasn't so bad though. I had let enough out to be comfortable for a while. Of course, I still had to go, but was not bursting like I had been for the past hour.

It was Paul who was coming and looking for me. In the same second he was coming around the building I stand up and fumbled with the waistband of my jeans and told him in my cutest voice that the bathrooms were out of commission and… that I’ll just have to wait. I could not bring myself to tell him the truth, although it was obvious what happened.

He looked at me, saw the puddle of hot pee a few feets behind me and said:”Oh okay… let us bring you home”

My jeans were a bit wet around the crotch and between my legs from the previous leak, but it was now almost dark, and I prayed it would go un-noticed.

I was so embarrassment I barely uttered another word for the rest of the night.

