Wife's first time on purpose for me

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-07-08 19:42

I told last time about the night my now wife/then girlfriend had an accident and found out about my fetish here

. (This is what happened after that. Just fair warning, it gets sexual, so if that isn't your thing, ye be warned. Hope it isn't too much...)

We didn't really talk about what happened that night for a couple of days. The next day we hung out for a few hours and it was a little awkward between us, but after a few days things felt back to normal like the accident and aftermath never happened. Later that week I was over after work and she was out from school with nobody else home yet. We had started making out pretty heavy and were on her bed, both topless, wearing only our underwear. (We didn't ever have full on sex before our wedding, btw.) I was on top of her, sucking her nipples while she ran her hands through my hair, when she asked, surprising me, "So you really get turned on by girls peeing their pants?"

I stopped and looked up at her, paused for a second, "Um, yeah, like I said the other night."

"Huh," was her only reply. I went back to what I had been doing, my mind now wondering about her question. A few seconds later, she spoke again, "Well, what if I said I had to pee right now?"

I stopped again, looked up, and she was looking down at me smirking. I said, "I would say... yay?"

We laughed a little. I licked her a little more, mind racing, then swallowed and got up the courage to ask, "So, besides the other night, and a couple of months ago when I tickled you, have you had any other accidents?"

She said, "Well..." and then proceeded to tell me these stories (posted earlier in this link

).

By the end of her stories I was ready to explode, especially after the last one. I could picture it happening not 10 feet from where we were. I told her, "I really wish I could have seen that last one happen..."

She laughed and said, "Maybe... but not today in case my parents get home early." I whined a little and said, "Awwww, c'mon... please?" She kissed me and said, "Ok, but not right now. Soon, I promise." With that she flipped me over, pulled down my boxers, and in a matter of seconds in my excited state had me cumming with her mouth while I pictured her soaking her jeans...

That "soon" happened the very next day, a Friday. She called me that afternoon like usual, but instead of planning to meet up later that evening for our usual date night, she said, "Can you come over right now? I have a surprise I think you'll enjoy."

So off I went driving over to her place, thinking she had bought me a present. Instead I arrive to find her waiting at the door wearing a tight white top, tight light blue jeans, and a big smile. She wrapped her arms aroudn me as soon as the door was closed, kissing me hard and heavy, and began pulling me into the house while we kissed. She broke the kiss after a few moments and said, "We don't have a ton of time, but my sister is gone for the afternoon and my parents won't be home for another hour and a half from now..." I asked, "So what is the surprise?" She looked me in the eyes and said, "I really need to pee..." and smiled. "Oh, really?" I asked, "How bad?" She said, "Really bad. I haven't gone since lunch. I've been holding it just in case..."

I grabbed her and kissed her, she kissed me back, and our hands began roaming over each other's bodies. I slid a hand up her thigh and pressed her into her crotch, causing her to squirm and collapse a little into my grasp. She broke the kiss and said, "Come with me."

We went into her bathroom and she sat me on the closed toilet lid and then she climbed into the tub in front of me. She did a little pee dance for a second, then put her hands on her hips, and... nothing. I kept looking from her crotch to her face but nothing was happening. Then she laughed and said, "I have to go so bad but I can't make myself pee my pants on purpose!" I stood and embraced her and we started kissing again, trying to distract her mind a little. I rubbed my hand hard into her crotch and finally she moaned a little and suddenly my fingertips felt damp. I stepped back a little and looked down. She spread her legs enough for me to see a wet spot the size of a golf ball on the crotch of her jeans. She smiled and said, "I think maybe..." and suddenly the wet spot expanded to the size of an egg. "It's so close," she said. I sat back down, she wiggled a little more. I unzipped my pants, took out my penis and began stroking it.

She then said, "Ooooo, I think... now..." She looked down, stopped squirming, and we both watched the front of her jeans and down her legs suddenly turn dark and wet and spread quickly. With a few strokes I moaned and began cumming hard and heavy all over the bathroom floor, the side of the tub, the little rug in front of the toilet. I just stared as her jeans glistened and the wetness expanded. She giggled and said, "That's it baby, enjoy it. It's all for you." I thought I might pass out. It was the most wonderful thing. She turned around, showing me the soaked butt and back of her legs before announcing, "Ok, I'm done."

I stood on shaky legs and grabbed her, kissing her hard, rubbing my hand frantically into her crotch for a second, then into her jeans and down the front of her soaking, hot, wet panties until my eager fingers found their goal. Her hand wrapped around my still erect penis and in moments we both came, struggling to remain standing. I don't know the last time I had two orgasms so close together like that, but I certainly wasn't complaining.

After panting with our heads on each others shoulder for a few moments afterwards I finally said between breaths, "That was the best thing ever." She giggled, kissed me, and said, "I love you." "I love you, too," I replied. We held each other for another moment before she broke it off and said, "Ok, now I have to get cleaned up... and so does the floor where you... well..." and smiled at me.

With that she turned on the tub water, stripped off her top and bra, turned on the shower, and hosed down her jeans and the tub to rinse away the pee while I wiped down the floor and side of the tub and anywhere else I could find my first cum before it stained the rug. I watched her through the almost clear shower curtain as she first ran water all over her jeans, then stripped them off, ran them and her panties under the water a bit, then washed off her lower body. I couldn't see any details, but just the blurry outline of it all was so sexy...

She shut off the shower and stepped out naked. Before she could grab a towel I was on her again, pressing her against the wall, holding her, kissing her, fingering her to another orgasm as a way to say, "Thank you." She then grabbed a towel, dried off the rest of the way, and off she went with the wet jeans and panties to the laundry to run them in with a load to hide the evidence.

We spent the rest of the afternoon until her parents got home watching TV on her couch, cuddling, talking, discussing what the afternoon's events meant going forward, etc. It was one of the most special moments of my life and of our relationship.

*004*2011-07-11 14:11

Thank you, all. Very nice of you to say. Glad you enjoy them. That's what we're here for, right? I am lucky, no doubt. :)

