Another childhood memory

Author: tumbry

*000*2015-06-29 16:12

Here's another few memories from when I was little... (and writing this with a full bladder :3)

These are from when I was around 7 years old. I had just left for my first summer camp, one whole week away from home for the first time by myself. The theme of this summer camp had to do with aliens, and the way the camp leaders were portraying the danger we were in caused me to believe them (one of the leaders got kidnapped herself, that was incredibly scary!). Anyway I was gullible.

One side effect of this was that I was mortally afraid of going to the bathroom. In the beginning of the week I was still ok with quickly dashing in and peeing, but near the middle of the week I was starting to need to do a number 2 and couldn't just dash in and pee. I remember sitting outside the bathroom building on a stone ledge rubbing my crotch back and forth trying not to pee myself. I was absolutely desperate for both a pee and a number 2... I don't exactly remember what happened after this memory, I think I may have dashed in to pee, and miraculously didn't do a number 2.

Later, there was a big campfire, and we were all sitting on those plastic kiddy chairs in the dark eating something, I don't remember what it was because I was once again reaaally desperate to pee, and if I remember correctly we were at the boys' camp. There were rumors going around that there were scary things in the boys' bathroom. I remember having a loop in my brain going "when are we going back to the camp, when are we going back to the camp", I was just desperate to go back and use our own toilets, and I was so scared, it was horrible. We were in the middle of the woods, and had it been any other situation, I would have sneaked out into the woods to do my business there, but I was so afraid of the aliens! I was squirming like crazy in my chair. I think a leader even asked me if I needed to pee and I said no.

At some point I just couldn't hold it anymore, I started spurting. I had held for so long that my crotch was numb, I couldn't even feel it, just the intense feeling of relief. At first I convinced myself that it would dry (even while knowing that could never be, I was wearing jeans). But eventually my muscles were so tired I completely peed myself and of course also did a number 2 in my pants. The relief was amazing, and I think I didn't even mind too much when one of the leaders yelled at me that I was too old to be doing this.

Later my parents yelled at the camp leaders, I guess I must have told them how scared I was of the aliens. My parents had to explain to me that it wasn't real, and I didn't even believe them at first. XD The next 5 camps I went on with that group were MUCH better.

