When Frosty Met Norah (Pt.3)

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-03-17 15:31

Link to Pt. 1 > $/12710-when-frosty-met-norah-pt1/

Link tp Pt. 2 > $/12755-when-frosty-met-norah-pt2/

Sitting in a dark, steamy bar next to the most beautiful girl I’d ever met.

Feeling the heat of her body as it pressed softly but firmly against mine.

Light headed from indulging in a rare consumption of alcoholic beverages.

Warm and soft and wet down below from the way I was getting turned on by where I was, what I was doing and who I was with; Norah, intoxicating Norah.

Was I dreaming, or was this actually happening to me?

I was reminded that this was real by a feeling of ever-increasing urgency, my overburdened bladder sending out panic signals to my brain.

I ignored them.

There was no way I was going to do anything to break the mood, to spoil the magic.

I was rooted to the spot, unwilling to move despite my urgent need.

My panties were already damp from the leaking I’d done in the car on the way here; now I was dripping the honeyed evidence of my arousal into them as well.

And I had begun leaking again.

Not surprising, considering that I still hadn’t been able to use the restroom.

It had been at least 5 hours now that I’d been holding; first in my dorm room while getting ready, then at the library, in the car, and now here in this lesbian bar.

I clamped my thighs together very tightly as Norah casually draped a slim but surprisingly muscular arm over my shoulder as if to indicate possession.

She laughed and said, “Now we won’t have any of these other girls coming on to you...

They’re always hungry for fresh meat, like a pack of wild dogs!”

I took another sip from my glass, knowing better than to consume the second caipirinha too rapidly.

I was determined to not humiliate myself any further by getting sick from too much drinking, even if I wasn’t used to it.

Two cocktails, and no more, I told myself, knowing that I was probably already pushing my luck.

Without warning, Norah pressed closer to me, brushed my hair from my face, and planted a kiss on my cheek, her lips so warm and so soft.

As soon as she did, I wanted her to do it again.

I was melting.

“You are just too cute, Frosty. I can’t resist you!” she exclaimed.

I blushed yet again. I knew it wasn’t true, but I was happy she said it.

“Stop teasing me, Norah!” I giggled.

She was the irresistible one, not me.

Outgoing, where I was shy.

Exotic, where I was ordinary.

Tall and sexy, where I was short and plain.

“I’m not teasing you!” she insisted.

“You have no idea how happy I was when they told me you had been assigned to me for tutoring.

That meant that we would finally meet.”

I gave her a confused look, not understanding.

“Huh?”

Sometimes my vocabulary is astounding. Really. I was an English lit major, too. But whatever…

“You don’t get it, do you? You silly girl, I’ve been dying to meet you!”

Now I was totally in shock. I had to be dreaming.

“Every time I saw you on campus, you were always with all those other girls.

How could you have possibly noticed me?” I asked in disbelief.

“My dear, I noticed you the first day you showed up on campus.

And all those other girls are too much like myself to be truly interesting.” Norah smiled at me again.

“Don’t you know the saying? Opposites attract.”

I stammered, “You…uh … “ I was at a total loss for words, flabbergasted.

“I’ve been trying to figure out another way to meet you, but there was never any opportunity since you don’t socialize much,” she said.

That was a nice way of putting it.

Classes, the library, the cafeteria; always my nose buried in a book when I was out, that was me, all right.

Apart from that, I barely left my room.

Until tonight… until now.

“You wanted to meet me?” I repeated Norah’s words incredulously as I squirmed next to her.

My bladder was sending signals to my brain again, and they were becoming harder to ignore now, much harder to ignore. Desperation signals.

“Here, let me prove it to you,” she said softly.

Turning towards me, she held my face and planted a kiss on my lips.

I couldn’t help myself.

I leaned back in my seat; my eyes closed, my mouth opened and I oozed more honey into my black cotton undies.

She continued to kiss me since I hadn’t resisted, and I felt my entire body relax.

Not good… I let out a small spurt of hot pee into my panties again.

This happened every time I got aroused, and this time was no different, darn it.

I would have pulled away, but the booth was too small and there was nowhere to go.

Anyhow, Norah was a really good kisser.

Of course, I didn’t have much to compare it to.

The last time I’d been kissed in any way even close to passionately, I was 15 years old.

My best friend at school was interested in this boy she’d met.

She decided she needed to practice kissing in case they got to that stage.

She asked me to practice with her, and she was my best friend, so I said yes.

What I wasn’t ready for was the way it made me feel when she kissed me.

All warm and tingly and weak, just like when I rubbed myself after a long holding session.

We spent the afternoon ‘practicing’, and I fell in love with her. I realize that now.

But it never happened again.

I think she was upset by my reaction, responding a bit too eagerly for her comfort.

And we grew apart.

And I became sad and lonely.

Until tonight… until now.

Now I was being kissed passionately again, and I was so turned on I couldn’t take it any more.

My cotton panties were sopping wet with all the fluids I was leaking into them and, being unable to contain any more, were soaking right through to my jeans.

My arousal was at a fever pitch, my whole body hot and wet and wide open.

At least that’s how it felt to me. I was gone, transported.

Norah was certainly aware of my excited state; her hand had somehow found its way in between my legs and was pressed firmly on my damp private area.

My thighs were tightly squeezed together under the table and I was moving my legs up and down rapidly, squirming in my seat again.

It was pretty obvious now, I wasn’t going to be able to hold out much longer.

I was hot, I was wet, and I was about to be a lot wetter if I didn’t get to the restroom quickly.

Reluctantly, I pulled away from Norah’s caresses with the intention of getting up to find the toilet.

“Where do you think you’re headed, little one?” she asked.

“I need to find the restroom. I really need to go sooo bad.” I replied.

As if to confirm my words, I spurted a stream of pee into my undies again, but somehow managed to stop it before it was too late.

“Ohhh!” I gasped.

This was torture, but it was exquisite torture.

I had been holding for so long, I was almost delirious.

I was on the brink and about to go over the edge.

Norah looked right into my eyes. She could tell I was totally desperate now.

“If you have to go, you can go right here. I’m not getting up, so you can either hold it, or wet yourself," she said.

Either way is OK with me.”

I could tell she was serious about my choices. There was no way she was letting me get out of the booth.

I began to tremble uncontrollably, my whole body shaking with the effort of holding back the coming flood.

I was leaking urine copiously, oozing my girl fluids into my panties at the same time. Hot and wet. So wet...

I was ready to flow like Niagara Falls, and there wasn’t a thing I could do about it.

My breath was coming in rapid shallow gasps now.

I leaned forward in my seat and put my hands down on the table in front of me.

Beads of perspiration rolled down my face, following the line of my neck and nestling in between my small breasts.

Norah placed one hand over both of mine, the other hand still busy pressing against my crotch as she whispered hypnotically in my ear.

Her voice was so sexy, so commanding.

I closed my eyes again.

“Just relax now. Don’t worry, it‘ll be all right. I know you have to pee… It’s OK, just do it…”

She kissed the nape of my neck. And I lost it completely.

I don’t know how she knew to do that, but it totally set me off.

I couldn’t hold out a second longer, and a strong hot stream began to violently work its way out of my body.

I could feel it filling my panties, soaking my jeans. It dripped off the seat and pooled onto the floor beneath us.

I was wetting myself now, there was no way to stop it from happening.

Unbelievably, the stream increased in force, a soft hissing sound coming from under the table as I tightened my legs around Norah’s hand, amplifying the pressure on both sides of my privates.

Still more hot pee continued jetting out of me as my body shook with both humiliation and relief.

After holding back for so long, the floodgates were fully open now.

I could feel the legs of my jeans getting wetter as I continued to release all the pent-up liquid inside me, my bladder emptying and relieving the pressure on my belly and my private parts.

I sobbed with joy and shame as I wet my pants, and kept wetting, then leaking, and finally dribbling into my panties.

A little girl again...

Eventually, the only pressure left was from Norah’s hand, which had remained up against my crotch the whole time I was peeing into my jeans.

I felt the hot liquid dripping down my legs into my socks and boots.

I fell forward, my head slumped against the table, breathing heavily.

The feeling was more intense than anything I had ever experienced in my life.

Norah moved my hair aside and kissed the back of my neck again.

And I came in my pee-soaked panties.

The pressure from being forced to hold for so long, the relief, the embarrassment of losing control in a public place all combined and I had an earth-shattering orgasm.

And then another. And another. And another.

I was coming in waves, just from a kiss on the neck. At least, that’s what it felt like to me.

Of course, everything leading up to that kiss contributed to my being ready, just like a marathon runner training for the main event.

It’s all about preparation, and Norah had prepared me quite well, apparently.

Lifting my face to hers, my lover kissed me on the lips gently, one hand on both of mine.

Her other hand was still pressed up between my legs, causing aftershocks and tremors now that I was truly empty.

I had never felt anything like this before.

I was in indescribable ecstasy.

Finally the crashing waves of my pleasure diminished, and then subsided entirely.

As I returned to reality, I realized where I was again.

“Ohmigosh!” I gasped as I took in the state of my jeans and boots, which were soaked with my pee.

As was the seat, and the floor beneath me.

It was a wet mess.

I was sitting in a small pool of warm urine, and a shallow puddle had formed under the table.

In the dark bar, with the music playing, the only people who knew what had just happened were Norah and myself, although I did feel bad for whoever was going to be cleaning up that night.

“You’re beautiful, little one,” Norah whispered into my ear.

“Just the way you are right now. And now, you belong to me completely.”

She was right.

She had possessed me fully, in every way possible, and now I was hers to do with as she wished.

And I wanted nothing else, and nothing more, because we were made for each other.

<the end... or rather, the beginning>

Hope you enjoyed it. As always, all comments appreciated... Thanks for taking the time to read this !

*003*2013-03-17 17:46

Thanks for your kind comments, wettingman.

I do feel as if i'm the luckiest little girl on the face of the earth...

:)

*009*2013-03-20 22:23

Thanks to all of you who have read this, and especially to those of you who took the time to comment.

I am often somewhat insecure, and positive reinforcement will always be necessary for me.

It makes me very happy to have this story of a very special night in my life be received so well.

More adventures will follow, if you wish to read them...

2 omo-loving girls can't stay out of trouble very long.

:)

*013*2013-05-16 02:43

{{ 

I just read this frosty sweetie, its the cutest story i have ever read. I honestly am jelious of you, you have to be the luckiest girl in the world. I hope you and norah get married one day, it will be great !!!

I loved this story and would love to know the club ;)

Kryssy xx <3

}}

Pied Bar, P-Town, Mass.

It's kind of famous actually, although i didn't know that at the time.

*016*2013-05-17 19:27

{{ 

I just got around to reading through all 3 parts of the story (well, more like looking over, because, after all those 8-30 page articles that I've read over the past several months, including both fall and spring semesters, I'm taking a bit of a break from reading long stories and such.), and this is awesome. You explained everything so thoroughly; it really allowed readers to get a clear picture of the 2 of you and how all the scenes looked. One thing I that I thought seemed kinda funny and laughed out, with no offence intended by this statement, was how the girl with nerdy horn-rimmed glasses was the one being tutored while the hot girl who everyone knew was the tutor.

I also noticed that it appeared as if you put your real full name in the first part, and that takes guts, especially with a description of yourself and especially on a site like this. Off topic, if that was your real name, you're not, by any chance, related to the former female wrestler Michelle McCool, are you? Just kinda wondering (>.>) Anyways, great job with the story, and I definitely look forward to reading it through properly as soon as I'm ready to start reading long article and stories again.

}}

Thanks for your kind comments...

It is kind of funny that the nerd (me) would get tutored by the sexpot, (Norah), but it's actually exactly how it happened and i thank my lucky stars every day that it did...

As far as i know, i'm not related to Michelle McCool.

{{ 

This is definitely 1 of my all-time favourite stories. I really do try to picture everything that is going on here. I just wish it could come true to see something like this for real. But I don't really think it would be possible sadly unless it's someone who already likes wetting themselves but what's the chances of that happening. But this is 1 truly great life experience told....Just like as if this was a Fan-Fic or a planned wetting

}}

Thanks, i appreciate the compliments.

It is possible ; after all, it happened to me.

I had been into wetting myself since i was 14...

(you can hear about how it started in my story 'Frosty Wets Her Schoolgirl Uniform'), and then i eventually found myself in the arms of a girl who loves seeing me desperate, and loves me even more when i wet for her !

So don't give up hope !

*019*2013-05-27 04:11

Thanks as always for the kind words, people. 

I've been working on a new piece, it will be rather long so stay tuned for the first installment coming soon.

It will be posted in either fiction/fanfiction, or creativity zone, I haven't quite decided which yet. there is omo, but maybe not enough for some of you...

