An Old Incident

Author: Suki

*000*2013-06-22 07:54

The following incident happened many years ago when I was only 7 years old. I used to live in a horrible orphanage, where many (terrible) things happened, and it really made me shut myself out from the world.

I woke up early that day, and yawned. Still half asleep, my eyes barely open, I looked around. No one else was awake, so I took off my pajamas, which was just an over-sized shirt and a pair of shorts, and put on a loose, red dress that drifted down to my knees. I felt a twinge in my bladder, and I immediately walked to the restroom. As I tried opening the door, it wouldn't work. I kept trying and trying. "Please, open!" I half-yelled. I stopped after multiple attempts, breathing hard.

I kept standing there in place, bobbing up and down. I looked around frantically, and saw someone who was probably 19 walk over to me. They had a key in their hand, and I sighed happily. My bladder was already quite full, and I kept looking at the woman, and the door. She looked tired, and she unlocked the restroom door. I yelped slightly as I bolted inside and opened a stall door. I was holding myself as I approached the toilet. I managed to get my panties off, and sat down.

Relieved, I made a loud sound that echoed throughout the restroom. My bladder emptied quickly, and I was happy I made it. I pulled up my white panties, flushed the toilet, and left. "I made it..." I said to myself. I looked to my right, and saw a few kids outside, staring at me. It was clear that they heard me, but I had no feelings for anyone, so I didn't care. An hour later, we were called for breakfast, which was just a slice of toast, and some juice. I finished it quickly, due to it being so little.

We started taking lessons that day, when I felt an urge to go to the restroom again. "Not now..." I whispered to myself. I kept writing, crossing my legs tightly. As my bladder filled, my desperation got worse, my legs started bouncing, I had to put a hand between my legs, and my writing became erratic.

The teacher saw me, and said. "Go to the restroom." Her voice was deep and masculine. I stood up, as another student did as well.

He raised his hand. "I will go with her." We both proceeded down the hallway, to the girl's restroom. He was smirking the entire time. He was a bully back then, he was larger, and stronger than the other children. When we got to the door, I was grabbing myself, hopping, and crossing my legs. I almost opened it, when he pulled out a key, and locked it.

"What!?" I yelled. "Open the door!"

"No." He snorted. "Wet yourself like a baby."

I glared at him angrily, but my endurance was fading. My bladder felt like it was overflowing. I felt a few drops come out, and I closed my eyes, straining to keep it in. I could feel my hips swaying side to side as well. "Open the door!" I yelled again. I opened my eyes to see him shake his head. I was so desperate at the time, I was powerless. I felt more drops come out, until it became spurts. My bladder throbbed to be relieved, but I couldn't, due to the door being locked. I definitely wasn't going in the boy's restroom, though.

"Please...o-open the door!" I screamed at him. He didn't even flinch. He pushed me, and I fell down on my butt. The jolt that went through me gave my bladder the final push. I heard a loud noise, and looked down. A slightly yellow puddle started forming underneath me. He laughed raucously, and pointed at me.

"Hey everyone!" His voice was as loud as can be. "Look who just wet herself like a baby!" Everyone rushed out of the classroom, to see me. sitting on the ground, a puddle of pee underneath me. They all laughed as well. My expression was emotionless, yet I was filled with rage on the inside.

"Come here!" A teacher yelled, they brought me into a different room...and to say this...I came back with approximately 17 bruises. When my closest friend came to visit me later today, the bully came back with twice that many. It was nice for him to feel what we did as he always bullied us. He never did again, luckily.

I apologize if it was haphazard, this was such a long time ago.

