Just had my first not completely intentional wetting

Author: Dead because I killed it

*000*2016-01-08 17:10

So I went and played this here https://milovana.com/webteases/showflash.php?id=26435

It's an omorashi game and you play as someone trying to find a toilet and getting inconvenienced. The game will prompt you as the player to drink water, make you wait, and provide a few additional challenges to make it harder to hold. Well I played the first one yesterday and it went pretty well, so I played the one linked earlier today. Started off pretty easily, the challenges like pushing on your bladder or doing sit-ups were rather boring at this point because I wasn't desperate at all and only had a few glasses of water, just watching AGDQ while waiting for the next prompt. While playing through, I noticed I ended up looping a few times, I didn't really mind as it would increase the challenge. About an hour and a few glasses of water later I was starting to get fairly desperate. The next challenge was for me to do situps, I could barely even do half of one without immense pain in my bladder.

Despite this, I didn't feel like I'd lose control if I went through with it, more so just injure myself, so I let out a little spurt just to relieve the pressure and make it bearable. About 20 minutes and another glass or two later things were getting pretty painful again. The next challenge was a choice of either doing 15 situps or walking for the duration of the timer (It didn't say what the timer was but it was probably about 15 minutes) seeing how the situps worked last time I chose to walk. Well... walk as best as I could that is. I couldn't even stand up straight without a ton of pain. So hunched over I tried to to take a few small steps through my room but it was just too painful. I ended up getting down on my knees with hands on the floor and peed like that. I stopped after a few second or so but it was visible on my clothes at this point. With it being much easier to hold on after that relieve I continued playing.

However, as it seems like every path I took ended up with me having to drink water and sending me back to the same place, my desperation was quickly returning. The cycle of small spurts and drinking more water repeated for awhile, but ultimately I was taking more in than I was letting out. It was just getting super hard to continue, I couldn't really focus on anything else and not much I could do would relieve the pain. I got to one of the parts where I had to wait for 5 minutes, and I really couldn't hold on any longer. 

I stood up, still kind of bent over because it's hard to stand, and my legs were tightly pressed together, I released a few spurts, but at this point that did basically nothing for me and I just started wetting myself. I could feel the warmth pouring down me, my clothes becoming much heavier as they get more and more saturated, the sound of my pee as it floods through my clothes and onto the carpet. I looked down as I saw a huge wet spot growing at my feet and my socks slowly became covered too. This is the most I had ever wet, and it really was something else. Not something I'll be forgetting any time soon.

*002*2016-01-12 08:41

{{ 

Nice game!

}}

There's a thread with a bunch of them somewhere on here, couldn't find it when I looked though.

