High school wettings

Author: aqua

*000*2011-07-16 21:22

I wrote earlier about ticking Barbara when she peed in her panties, on her dress and partly on my pants. That one was probably the highlight of my high school wetting experiences. It was the only time I saw her wet herself...too bad indeed, but she did tell me about two other times she peed her panties and dress, the year after high school was over. It is a real life experience, just once removed since I wasn't there but I was transfixed by her descriptions and she responded to my questions. So here goes:

We were at a party our first year of college during Christmas break, each drinking some vodka mixed with who remembers what. We were off in a corner of the living room. I was just as attracted to Barbara as ever, but nothing came of it that night as it had not in high school either. For most of the time she was sitting with her feet up on a stood, giving me now and again more than a nice glimpse of her white panties...just like in high school. We were comparing notes about college life and catching up, and then began to talk about high school. At some point I brought up the time she wet herself when I tickled her, and she blushed some saying "I remember, how could I forget something like that." I was not yet self confident enough to tell her how much her accident had excited me, although she knew that I had come in my pants, but probably assumed it was from seeing her panties and how see through they were...true enough, but not the whole truth.

In any case, I did get up enough nerve to ask her if that was the only time she wet herself. "You mean in my whole life, like when I was a little kid?"

"No", I replied, "not as a little kid, but like in high school or since. Did you ever wet your panties other times?" I was actually almost shaking when I asked, but then relaxed as she began.

"No, that wasn't the only time. There were a few others, but not being tickled, they just happened."

"Just happened?", I asked. "What do you mean? Just happened how? When?"

"Well, OK, I don't usually talk about this, but whatever....The first time was on the bus going home after school. It happened before the tickling time. I was waiting for the bus, on a warm spring day, and realized I needed to pee. I was about to go back to school to find a bathroom, but say the bus coming. I didn't need to go too badly, or so I thought, so I got on the bus. You know, its only a 15 minute ride to my house. Anyway, I took a seat just behind the rear exit door but as soon as I sat down I realized I needed to pee very, very badly. A few other people were sitting around me. Traffic was slow, really slow and after a while I knew I was in trouble. I thought of getting off, but we were in a not so good neighborhood and even if I got off I wouldn't have known were to find a toilet, so I sat there, feeling really desperate. Finally, I put my books on my lad and held myself through my dress."

"What were you wearing?", I asked.

"A beige dress, I remember well, tell you why in a minute. I knew I was at least 10 minutes from my house and had a feeling I wasn't going to be able to hold it that long. I don't know why I thought that since I had really come close to peeing myself since I was a little kid, but I just knew somehow. I thought I felt a small leak, but wasn't sure. I panicked, thinking the few people were looking at me, but they didn't seem to have any idea that I was so desperate and holding myself, but to play it safe I got up and moved to the last seat in the back were no one could see me unless they turned around or were getting off. I thought I'd pee my panties when I stood up, but managed not to."

Barbara paused. I smiled. "You like this, don't you?", she asked. "Yes, I've always been interested in girl's having to pee or having accidents."

"Really? That's...what should I say, 'interesting.' Maybe odd, not that I mind...accidents happen. Does it turn you on?"

I'd never been directly asked this before, but the Vodka loosened me up. I took a breath. "Yes, yes, very much."

"Wow, you must have really liked the time you tickled me and I soaked everything...I didn't realize that. And, and...that's why you came in your pants? I knew you did, you know."

"Yes, that's why, in addition to seeing you in your panties, which I really liked. I thought you knew I came in my pants, but I wasn't sure..."

We both paused, and then I said: "So continue, now that you know I like this sort of thing. Finish what happened..."

"OK. I moved to the back seat, thinking I could hold it, even though I thought I leaked a bit in my panties. I really couldn't conceive of wetting myself on a bus, or anywhere....and for maybe five minutes sitting there, now hodling myself tightly and squirming around, I thought I'd make it. But I wasn't sure I'd be able to get to my house without loosing control, but I thought better on the street then on the bus. But that wasn't to be...About five minutes from my stop I felt a real spurt...and my hand got wet...I thought, 'oh shit, I'm wetting my dress', and since I was sitting in front of a seat with on one in it and no one could see me, I pulled my dress up to my waist. Just as I did that I lost control totally and began to flood the seat."

"Oh my god," I blurted out...by this time I was very turned on, and Barbara must have known..."...you just sat there peeing in your panties with your dress way up?"

"Yes, and I remember thinking about what would happen as my pee ran on the floor of the bus. I just peed, soaking my panties and legs. I thought I saved my dress, but it turned out I pulled it up in the front but not completely in the back so it got very, very wet. But I didn't realize that until I got up to get off after I sat in my wet panties for about 3 minutes. I moved over to a dry part of the seat, and looked around. No one was looking at me, but I remember being very embarrassed thinking when I got up everyone would immediately turn to look at me. 

So when my stop came I took a deep breath and just looked straight ahead, pulled my dress down and walked to the door. The hardest part was standing there, pee still dripping down my legs, facing the exit door and not knowing who might be looking at me. I began to have a feeling my dress was wet, but I didn't want to teach my hand back. The door finally opened and I got off. I glanced up at one of the windows and a guy was looking at me. He must have known, and I was sure of it when I reached back to see how wet my dress was and realized to my near horror it was almost totally soaked.

" I walked the two blocks to my house as fast as I could, avoiding looking at people."

I smiled. "Sort of like an ostrich...if you don't see they won't see you?"

"Yes, just like that...I have no idea who saw me and what they saw.But the really embarrassing part was coming to my apartment house."

Barbara lived in a pretty fancy apartment house, old fashion with both a doorman and an elevator man, at least at that time. I remember the last year of high school they modernized the building and got self service elevators.

"Anyway, it was obvious I had had a accident and the doorman, whom of course knew me, asked if I was OK. I said yes and walked quickly on to the elevator, dreading the ride up. I was right, as soon as the door opened the guy on duty that day was Carlos. We had flirted in the past, totally innocently, but I knew he liked me. When I got on his eyes opened wide, since even from the front my dress was somewhat wet. As I walked in I knew he was looking at me up and down, and it didn't help that the elevator had mirrors on all sides. It was only then when I looked at myself that I realized the back of my dress was nearly transparent. Everyone could see my wet panties under my soaked dress."

"I've got to ask. Do you remember what sort of panties you were wearing? What color?"

Barbara at this point blushed...she hadn't up until now. "Yes, I sure do. A cute pair, white cotton bikinis with lace on the legs, blue lace. It showed totally...Carlos said something like, 'I guess you had a little accident on the way home. Are you OK?'. I said, 'Yes, I'm OK, and yes I did have an accident, I just couldn't hold it, but....well, you can see...its not exactly little at all.' Carlos smiled and I realized her was turned on...I could see his erection pushing against his tan pants. 'Well, accidents happen to everyone sometimes...' Thanks god at that point I was at my floor and he opened the door and I walked out. 'Guess you'd better go shower and change', Carlos said. That is exactly what I did and tried to forget the whole thing. Thank god no one else was home, neither my brother or my mom or dad.

That was the end of the bus story...I told Barbara I really liked the story, although it must have been really embarrassing for her and I was glad she shared it with me and told it so well in such detail. (Barbara was a good story teller...).

I was about to ask if there was another time she had an accident, but she beat me to the punch. "I'll tell you about another accident when I was in 11th grade, but get me another drink first."

To Be Continued....

