Waking up and wetting my boxers (with pics and possibly a video)

Author: enigma-D

*000*2014-09-03 08:14

Hey everyone,

Just wanted to share my morning so far with you.

However this story begins last night....

I woke up in the middle of the night and as sometimes happens I just can't sleep..also doesn't help that I'm feeling aroused...I lay there and my thoughts turn to wetting and I thought that I haven't done anything ono related in a while so I made a decision... When i get up in the morning I'm gonna wet.

I decided to get out of bed and go downstairs to have some drink to start my preparations for the morning.

I had 2 glasses of water and a gulp of cola the returned to my bed to try to get back to sleep. It was about half past one in the morning I guess.

I finally fell back to sleep....

I woke at 6am feeling the fullness of my bladder and my need to pee urging me to go and relieve myself, this I did not do.

I lay in bed tossing and turning, thinking I need to hold this a little longer.

The house was not empty yet, in an about an hour it would be. I thought if I could just hold on till then and then I could have my fun.

As I lay there time moved so slowly and was not helping matters. I could feel the pressure building more and more. I could feel it in my bladder and moving towards the end of my shaft. I was starting to worry... what if I couldn't hold on? Am i gonna wet my bed?

I tried to keep calm and looked at the clock-6:30. Not much longer..

The pressure growing, I was getting turned on by it and my erection grew.. I thought hopefully this will help hold back the flow...

It worked for a little while till it felt like everything was gonna come at once. I lay on my back pleading that I would not wet my bed, something I did not want to clean up today.

With deep breaths I managed to hold back, then finally what I was waiting for.. The house became empty.

I got out of bed and felt the pressure and weight of my pee move, it was starting to get painful.. I went and grabbed my favourite pair of boxer shorts to wet in, slipped off my pj bottoms and pulled on the shorts.. I like wetting them because they fit quite snug to me and feel so good when wet.

I then moved as best as I could downstairs to grad a plastic bag to put on my floor to use as protective sheet.

I returned and decided to quickly set up my camera also.

I set out the sheet and started my camera rolling...

I stood there holding on just for that little bit longer not sure if I was actually gonna have an accident or just have to let go because I was starting to hurt...

I squeezed myself, held myself and wiggled a little.

My bladder was aching.. starting to hurt I decided to relax and let just a little out.. and then let out a little more. Then I just couldn't help it and relaxed completely... pee came gushing down my member and all into my boxers. It felt so good to let go. I could hear the stream running out of my pants and going straight down to the plastic below making so much noise. I peed for what felt like ages maybe a few minutes. I could hear the splashing and feel the wetness spreading around my front, it felt great.

The stream then slowed and stopped a little, I could feel there was more.. I relaxed again... and there was so much more!

The wetness grew even more, it was starting to reach my bum now, and the splashing from my pee hitting the plastic underfoot sprayed my legs. I thought I was never gonna stop peeing! The sound was so loud in my ears and my feet were now getting soaked. The pleasurable feeling of relief just grew and grew. It felt amazing and to be honest was turning me on so much too :)

I finally finished peeing and took a moment to relax, then inspected the damage. There was so much pee on the plastic on the floor and the front of my shorts was soaked, it felt so satisfying..

This did not take care of my horniness though...

After quickly cleaning up i went back to my bed and lay there enjoying the lovely wet feeling on y skin and admiring my work... and then took care of the other matter at hand, if you get my meaning ;)

And now I lay here a little while later sharing this story with you all.

I hope its not been too much of a read and hope you all enjoy this as much as I did...

Also there are a couple of pictures of the aftermath for you all.

I also recorded a video.. Its not the best quality due to poor lighting but if you enjoy the story and pictures please let me know and then maybe I'll have the courage to share the video too :)

Bye for now :)

*005*2014-09-08 08:12

Thanks everyone for your kind words, glad you enjoyed reading it... and my boxers lol :)

