Morning after hold: desperation and wetting

Author: Frank123

*000*2016-01-25 20:05

To be precise, I did my last (intentional) hold two days ago. Yesterday was a 'normal' day when I didn't wet myself, but I am still suffering enjoying the effects of my last hold on my bladder.

Today I set my alarm so that I could do some work, that I could put off until tomorrow, which is what I decided to do when the alarm went off. Recently I've taken to putting my alarm clock on the other side of the room so I have to get up to switch it off. Getting out of bed to switch it off is what made me need to pee rather urgently this morning. I went back to bed, but in no time I was squeezing my legs together to hold it in and knew there was no chance of going back to sleep. So instead of going straight to the toilet, I decided to make a mug of tea to drink before breakfast. ^-^

Even though I had just woken up, I was starting to get turned on because I needed to pee so badly. Getting out of bed again, just increased the urge even more. My plan was to make tea, sit down in front of my computer with my dick in the end of an old milk carton inside my sweatpants that I was sleeping in, to see how much longer I could hold it in.

(I often use an old milk carton for omorashi because it involves no clean-up at all)

As it turned out, I couldn't even wait that long. I started peeing into my underpants as the kettle was boiling. I was straining to hold it in, so it wasn't coming out fast, and I got it stopped after a few seconds. Then the kettle boiled, and I felt some more pee come out. Same happened again as I poured the water. By the time I made my tea, I had a large wet patch on one side of the front of my boxers and I was still desperate.

I had gone from being asleep to being awake and wetting myself, in just a few minutes!

*003*2016-02-11 12:52

{{: 

I also really like the idea of keeping your dick in a milk carton (or something to catch it).

}}

I get too used to peeing in it as my subconscious mind thinks it's a toilet. If I'm already desperate then putting my dick in the milk carton ensures that I'll start peeing more or less immediately, so the challenge then becomes how soon I can stop. One thing I like more than being desperate to pee, is trying to stop peeing after it involuntarily starts coming out. The milk carton makes a handy measuring container so I can see exactly how much I leak before I get it stopped. ^-^

The urges I get with "morning after" bladder can be really intense. I can go from not needing to pee, to straining to stop it coming out, within seconds. I actually squirted in my boxers when I was at work a couple of days after my last mega hold. I felt a strong urge to pee and was straining to hold it in when I got distracted (I can't go into detail about what distracted me without revealing what I work at). I turned round quickly and felt a squirt of pee come out into my boxers. I managed to stop it immediately, but after the pressure died down I felt a couple of smaller leaks come out. Fortunately it wasn't enough to soak through to my trousers, and I was due to go home soon after anyway. That was the first time I have ever wet myself at work, and fortunately it wasn't a big deal.

I also usually wake if I need to pee in the middle of the night, but for two nights just after my last mega hold I woke up after starting to pee. The first night there was barely any dampness on my boxers that I was sleeping in, although I could feel it on my skin. The second night I was wearing some tighter underpants and woke up to find that I had just pretty much soaked one whole side of the front, although fortunately there was only a tiny wet patch on my bed. I reckon I must have been peeing slowly for that to have happened.

So I'm letting my bladder recover for now before I abuse it again, which may be soon as I just bought a pair of leggings (yes, for females) the other day, and can hardly wait to see what they're like to pee in. They should also be good for keeping the milk carton in place when I use it again as they're elasticated. :)

