The Girl Who Got Pissed

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-07-04 03:28

The band travelled on its own school bus. For a middle school band we were very good, if I do say so myself, which I do. We travelled with ouir ball teams and to quite a few band competitions and concerts. It seemed like we were going all the time. We loved it. We were all chums -- well, most of us -- there are always a few Alpha Hotels in every group, but in our band, they were few; but they were deadly.

Sixth Graders, by custom, were subject to certain rites of initiation into our musical fraternity. These were usually harmless, though sometimes embarrassing, as I was to discover my sixth grade year.

It is, of course, impossible to satisfy all the travelling requests of middle school youth, so the rule was that no request altering the bus route or schedule would be granted. This meant that if you thought you might need it en route, you took it with you, and -- more significantly -- if you anticipated the possibility of needing to get rid of something en route, you got rid of it before boarding the bus. This necessity furnished ample opportunities for seventh and eighth graders to prey on the "rookies" in manifold malintentioned ways. If the trip home from an event were long, the friendly offer of a super-size soft drink just before departure, could prove a gullible kid's undoing. Ex-lax chocolate chip cookies were also effective, though generaslly frowned upon, due to the unpleasant nasel experiences of those near the victim.

And, of course, there was the old hand-in-warm water trick. This was my undoing. On band trips I never passed a bathroom without going, and I made sure to pass many bathrooms. Nor did I accept any seemingly friendly offers of food or drink, if I felt the least suspicion as to the motives of the giver -- and I tend to be a very suspicious person. Thus I survived unscathed -- except for one pantsing at practice -- almost to the end of my sixth grade year. I was feeling really good about myself, and was already plotting my own mischief against next year's crop of rookies. But, as we all know, the gods punish hubris, and their all-seeing eyes had lighted on me.

I made the fatal mistake of falling asleep on the way home from a competition, and when I woke up, it was to laughter and taunts of the entire band, and a warm feeling in my pants which I quickly realized was pee. Yup, the old hand-in-warm-water trick laid me low. Of course, pictures were on the internet almost before I got home and changed my pants, and if anyone hasn't seen the picture of me dead to the world with a dark, glistening stain spreading in my crotch, that person just hasn't been to any good pee sites lately.

The next year, it was time for pay-back; and, as everyone knows, pay-back is a bitch. There was this new sixth grade girl who played the clarinet. She was enjoying one of those growth spurts which saw this week's slacks become next week's peddle pushers, and she was just beginning to round out in that delightful way big girls sometimes do just before the full explosion of puberty. More than one boy suffered an embarrassing erection watching her, including, of course, me.

Being a typical seventh grade boy, I hated her whom I loved, but knew I could never have, and lived to bring Miss Untouchable down. The gods must have relented on one trip -- or maybe they were setting me up. Yes, I realize now, they were setting me up. The ride home was long, the hour late, the bus quiet. As wheels hummed many slept. But not I. No, I was ready. I carried a small bottle of water in my pocket all day, bringing it to perfect temperature. Stealthily I approached my victim. She was gently snoring -- yuk! a goddess snoring -- what a downer. But her hand hung over the edge of the seat. Gently I poured. Almost immediately the dim light revealed a darkening patch in the crotch of her white slacks. (White! Can you believe my luck.) When she began to stir, I retreated quickly to my seat.

She woke up, felt herself, and said a very ungoddesslike word. Then she felt her hand. Aha! She knew she had been tricked. Another ungoddessly word, and then she froze. As a banana flash-freezes in liquid nitrogen, her embarrassment froze into cold rage. She fixed me with damning eyes. She stood up. Hoots and laughter greeted the sight of her translucent wet white pants moulding her perfect round bottom and revealing in living color every cute little butterfly on her cute little panties.

But she was impervious to embarrassment. Her purpose was singular, and it singled out me. As she walked toward me, her eyes fixed me in my seat. Looking back, it's a wonder I didn't wet my own pants. Hoots crescendoed as she drew closer, then, with a sideways hop, she plopped right into my lap. Oooof! She outweighed me a good thirty pounds. Deprived of breath, I never saw the fist that filled me with blinding pain and left my nose sideways on my ashen face.

She stood up and returned to her seat, staring down any dared smile or look. I sat gasping, bleeding, hurting, and crying. The paramedics were waiting in the parking lot as we pulled in. By four in the morning I was home from the hospital, in bed, and sedated.

Wearing that stainless steel beak to class for the next month was miserable, both in pain and in razzing. I still answer to the nick-name beak, and suffer the retelling of my demise all too frequently. Still, I am the guy who nade a goddess wet her pants, and that memory just about balances the experience.

