Indredible fun, and luck on my part

Author: Medieval Genie

*000*2014-12-25 17:48

I have never, ever told anyone about this true story featuring myself, until now... I figured since you guys have shared experiences such as these, I owe it to you to longer keep this a secret.

...

So, back when I was in later-ish secondary school (14-15 years), I was contently sitting down learning English literature and studying poems, novels, etcetera on an otherwise utterly ordinary day. Suddenly out of the blue I had a completely weird moment, I decided for some reason for the first time that I was going to wet myself that day, but it wasn't going to be something unimpressive at all (after all the exposure had better be worth it in my mind).

I excused myself to go to the toilet, so I walked along the pathway and went into the science building (the nearest loo) and went no more than a little dribble to increase the need to go even more. Later in class, I could feel the need to go getting stronger and stronger, but I didn't fidget as such and was somewhat relaxed, due to that fact that I no longer felt a need to avoid embarrassment. So there I was in an almost surreal situation, years of being civilised and disciplined made me somehow able to hold on to ever increasing pee naturally and remain in a practically zen-like state.

At one point, it happened, I reached a point where such relaxation would no longer keep anything in, I could feel wee escaping and flooding my trousers for the first time in over a decade, a warm yet soggy feeling getting stronger and stronger as the feeling of desperation weakened simultaneously. This was it, no going back...

Eventually the class had finished without anyone noticing anything outside their boring, dreary day of lessons. I put my puddled chair on top if the table like the others did, delicately balancing the clear pool of mine. The moments from then on were tense and I was hiding being terrified at the time because just one chatty person noticing would lead to school-wide gossip faster than the internet even could.

Later that day the sogginess got cooler and cooler, with nobody yet exclaiming to the world how I emptied my bladder. I got into an I.T class and we were all typing away until nature went "ahem" again and I realised ironically I had to go again, was I going to excuse myself to go to the toilet or wait to go home? The answer turned out to be neither.

In yet another unique moment of bravery and foolishness combined, I actually proceeded to wet myself for a second time that day, warming up those legs and feeling pee flow around my hairy legs, darkening the fabric of the seat and eventually dripping way too loudly onto the carpet. Fortunately the other kids were way too interested with their PC screens to see the chaos that ensued so near to them.

With that being the last lesson of the day, I afterwards nearly squelched my way to the outside. I got on the bus in the and worriedly sat right next to my childhood sweetheart and blonde tomboy, Jessica. She understood a strange kid with Asperger's syndrome like me better than anybody else, including the teachers. Fortunately even she never seemed to notice and we talked as if I hadn't just fully wet myself, TWICE. I made it home and only my own mother had realised what happened, which seems somewhat incredibly lucky (or for a Christian like me, I feel perhaps not a coincidence).

...

I hope you folks enjoyed what I have shared.

P.S, don't tell the outsiders!

*003*2014-12-26 10:14

Fred, believe me, the degree to which I was bullied for my Asperger's syndrome or simply because I was too weak to defend myself suggests they would have relished an opportunity such as that.

Who knows, maybe you are right, in which case I am grateful to those individuals.

Hey, maybe Jessica noticed on the bus, but I don't think so since I was paying close attention to everything she said and did back then (real shame she moved to Canada and found some smooth-talking local boy)!

