Someone's omo fantasy come true

Author: Ruckafan001

*000*2011-03-04 18:00

Back when I was a lurker I read that one of you guys liked scenarios where girls were playing videogames and could not go to the bathroom, so wet themselves. As soon as I read that, I immediately remebered this...

First, a little background. I have not played videogames since the age of 18 and do not want to start again, but my wife (very strangely, I know) is a player *cue brief rendition of "Don't Be A Player - Haiti", my second favourite Rucka song* of MMORPGs, especially World of Warcraft. This is lucky for me, because if she is playing a single-player game she just pauses and goes to the bathroom, but obviously there is no pause button on an MMORPG, so she has to hold it or have her character die, and she always chooses to hold it. This has lead to several accidents, but most are just little leaks. Only once has she completely full-on drenched herself... and here is the story.

NOTE: I am not particularly into this situation of wetting (I prefer it in public, which I have witnessed), but it is a wetting, so as I said before, here goes a whole load of urine.

ANOTHER NOTE: I only know what she has told me about World of Warcraft, so forgive me if I look like a noob.

It seemed like a normal day. I came back from medical training and found her, as often (when the babies did not need feeding, or napkin-changing, or any of that stuff) playing World of Warcraft. I know you guys like to know what they are wearing, so I shall tell you: a long-sleeved shirt, a miniskirt with tights and some rather uncomfortable-looking shoes. I really do not know why she wears them - she says that they make her look more attractive, but she does NOT need to look more attractive (she is already very pretty). I do not have any kind of thing about footwear, so it is irrelevant to me, but I feel I should give all the info I can to you.

Back on track. Her character (a man!) was in what looked to me like some kind of dungeon full of weird wraith-like things and skeletons (I may not be describing this correctly) with a bunch of other players that go on with her. They were making short work of the various nasties on-screen - she is quite a pro. I left her to it and went off to write more of my various manuscripts (I am hoping to get some of the better ones published). After a short while, I developed a writer's block and went back downstairs to the cries of the babies - one needed his napkin changed and the other wanted to suckle. We did the weird thing of letting the baby suckle while my wife kept playing (albeit far more clumsily), then I changed the napkin and went back to sit next to my wife.

I asked if she could just let me look up a few things online for my studies, but she told me to keep quiet because her character had taken a few hits while she was suckling the baby. I went and did a few pull-ups (chin-ups), then came back to see if the situation had improved. It had, but not in the way I expected. As an omo fan I can always tell when she needs to go, and she was obviuosly showing some discomfort. I did the perverted thing and got my tiny camera. I sat on the chair across the room from her, silently filming. I thought it would probably come to nothing - it had been 11 months since she last full-on wet herself.

The most I was expecting was a little leakage. Watching the screen, I saw that the dungeon did not seem to be ending any time soon, and her desperation (and my penis XD) was growing. She was bouncing up and down on the chair, muttering something I could not hear. Eventually, she stood up - she must have thought she could hold it better that way - and bent over so I could see a small damp patch on her tights. Leakage had come. The end was near for her tights, but not for the dungeon - her character was coming up to some kind of big monster. The group of avatars started to fight the beast and in the furore she sprung a second, bigger leak, more of a squirt, that grew the dark spot to about the size of a fist. Eventually, she growled something like this (translated into English):

"I can't hold this. I can either kill this or get to the bathroom...oh, sod it, I've already leaked, I'll just go in my knickers."

Or something like that. Anyway, she (voluntarily or involuntarily, I do not know) flooded herself right in front of me. Her tights were utterly soaked (but her skirt somehow stayed dry), and a puddle formed on the floor. What would have really made my day would have been if she had cried and I had had to comfort her, but sadly she just kept on playing in soiled underwear for another half an hour or so before binning her lingerie and coming to bed. I was quite satisfied with an almost-perfect omo recordeing, but a little sad that she could not repeat the first time she lost control and cried. She later told me that she only cried because she was drunk that time. I settled for almost-perfect wettings (yes, there have been more) since then.

This was not my most stimulating wetting, since she may have released voluntarily and I do not find that very arousing, but it was still pretty good. This story may seem unlikely, but I can promise you it is TRUE. Any kind of embellished features are probably just the result of the 4-to-5 years since.

Ruckafan001

*003*2011-03-05 14:06

I think that that dungeon was almost certainly the one. She said she could not go if she did not want to get her character killed...

As for Miles not liking girls who play games, why? I mean, if she is boring me with talk about videogames, I just change the subject and she changes too... (not clothes, the subject XD)

