The Trouble with Lunchtime Drinking

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-05-13 18:55

I know a lot of you are a fan of unplanned accidents so i thought i would share with you an unplanned accident that i had the other day......

We caught the train into town to have a wander round and do a bit of shopping as we do most friday's. After a couple of hours we set off back towards to the train station as our train was due. As we were walking along we passed a wetherspoons pub and we decided to go in and have some lunch and catch the next train home. Upon ordering our meal we each got a free drink and i had a bottle of cider. Then after we had finished those drinks we went and got some more. This time me and my sister got a bottle of wine to share. After we had finished our meal we had 20 minutes till our train was due so we drank up and headed off to the station.

When we got to the station our train was in so we headed under the subway to our platform and got on the train. We found a seat and sat down and i looked at the time, we had another 10 minutes until we were due to depart so we just sat chatting. As we were sat waiting to leave i noticed my bladder filling up. Then on reflection i wasn't surprised it was filling, it already had two cups of tea in there and now there was a bottle of wine and a bottle of cider adding to it. I mentioned it to my boyfriend and he told me to go to the toilet on the platform but i said i couldn't be bothered going all the way under the subway and back and that i could hold it. My bladder filled quite quickly and by the time we set off i was climbing to 8/10 but it wasn't a long journey home and i wasn't doubting my ability to hold it.

After 10 minutes it had filled even more and now i had reached 9/10 and was busting for a pee. I sat in my seat wiggling and crossing my legs as my desperation increased. My bulge was pressing into my jeans which wasn't helping and i just wanted to undo them to relieve the pressure. The train came to a stop, as it does every time, just outside our hometown to wait for the express to London to come through the junction. As we were sat stationary my bladder just kept filling and i was really desperate now and no matter how much i wiggled and bounced it kept getting worse.

By the time we set off again i was now 10/10 and seriously close to wetting my knickers. As we pulled into our station i stood up and this caused me to leak. I quickly grabbed myself to regain control and then headed for the door. We exited the train and waited for it to leave then set off out of the station. I began climbing the stairs out to the street and with each step my knickers dampened as i leaked more and more. We reached the top and headed down the road.

As we were walking i kept having to stop and cross my legs tight, trying to stop myself from leaking. After the short walk round the corner, in which i leaked quite a lot and my jeans were now damp, we arrived home and i hobbled up the driveway, clutching my crotch. I stood dancing and wiggling waiting for my sisters boyfriend to open the door. The moment he opened it my bladder decided it wanted to be open too and immediately i began spurting. I tried to stop it but it wouldn't, it jsut kept spurting then my bladder gave a huge squeeze and burst and i started to wet myself standing right there. I tried to stop it but it was pointless. I was completely wetting myself now and nothing could be done about it. Within seconds my jeans were soaked through all the way down my legs and i could only stand there, watching the stream trickle down the drive as my bladder continued emptying.

Finally it stopped and i just stood there, looking down at my now utterly soaked jeans. The fact i had just wet myself accidentally coupled with the knowledge any of my neighbors could have seen me was turning me on. I looked up to see my boyfriend just staring at my jeans with his mouth hanging open. I giggled and asked if he was okay and he replied with "that was so hot" and then pulled me inside and snogged me as his hands ran down my back and squeezed my wet bum. He broke the kiss and went into the kitchen to make a cuppa whilst i went and stripped off my wet clothes and jumped in the shower.

I have to say, i love unexpected wettings :p

*004*2013-05-14 17:04

{{ 

As soon as I notice a new pee story has been posted by GemmyRose I begin to umm respond. Thanks for another great story Gemmy.

}}

Hee hee im glad i influence you so ;)

