Video Game Weting

Author: jeanswetter

*000*2015-12-23 02:27

So today I attended an event in a game I play. Well it is usually hosted by our club owners so these parties can go on for some time, and by some time I mean 5-6 hours. So I logged on and did everything I needed to do to prepare myself for the party about 2 hours early (The locations in this game are very spread out) So I finish just in time and have to pee at about a 4. Well I continue to play and keep drinking. Well we we're doing something and I felt my bladder start to weaken a bit. I wasn't planning on wetting myself since my mom was home and would probably see my wet pants. Well I decided to hold on a bit longer since it was only a 6. About an hour later it was at an 8 and I couldn't sit still. I was moving around a-lot and my jeans started to feel too tight. I knew I would have to go soon or else there would be a very obvious wet stain since my jeans were a light blue.

About 20 minutes later i couldn't hold it and got up. Well I went to the bathroom and the door was locked. I heard the water for the shower turn on and realized my sister was showering. About 10 seconds later I felt a dribble escape so I went back to my room and sat down and continued to play since it took my mind off of it and it usually helps when I sit down. Since the game was full screen I didn't see the time and didn't hear my sister get out of the shower. About a half hour later I checked the time and realized the water wasn't running anymore. I spurted a bit. I heard my mom walking towards my room so i just continued to play until she finished talking to me.

While I was talking to her I spurted a few more times. I was on my laptop, on my bed to the blanket was on me so she couldn't see. I went to move my laptop off of my lap when I leaked. I froze and realized I was going to have an accident, either in my bed or in the hall, and I knew my mom was doing something down the hall so I just moved my laptop off of my bed and out of the way and just wet my pants. I picked my laptop back up and told my friends I had to go and my mom came back in my room. Thankfully I never took off the blanket. After she left I realized that it was actually comfortable so I'm just wearing these until I have to get a shower.

