Viewed Desperation and Wettings from the Art Festival (Mostly Female) - Page 2

Author: freepostage

*025*2013-06-02 08:38

This is from my final year of working the festival. I will probably make several updates regarding this days so I will title them all LAST DAY for context. There are so many experiences from this particular day but it's important to have context.

The last year of the festival had two very horrible days of weather, including tornado warnings with thunderstorms. It wasn't safe to conduct the festival so our supervisors reserved the fair ground for two extra days once the weather subsided and some refunds were offered to those that could not come to the festival and the ones that could still come with reserved passes were given guest passes for friends, etc. It was still really busy despite the fact that the festival had to be held off and essentially rebuilt since the storms would have ruined any temporary structures.

Since we had two days off our supervisors gave us the go-ahead to keep the last night running until 1 or 2 am. We were also allowed to call in a bar tender with hard liquor to be set up in one of our beer tents after 7 pm (the "night time" festival, so there were some connections called in and it was handled. Everything went great until the night time festivities sent in and I left for about an hour to pick up my boyfriend, some fireworks, and some floating lantern materials for a bunch of people to let go at the end of the night.

I returned around 9 pm to see the porta-potty company truck driving away with our porta-potties. Me and a few of the other committee members contacted our superiors and the company but due to mis-communication the porta-potty company did not know we had extended the festival and they could not be reset up at night time. The company did agree to send someone out but it was for another full day for another few hours and our supervisors wouldn't give it the go ahead since they couldn't send new ones out until almost 11 pm.

The festival usually closed around 9-10 pm, and although we planned to stay open late that was costing the festival more money than usual (paying djs, vendors, etc) so this expense couldn't be justified, especially since there was no projected time for when people would leave. I figured it would be good for desperation (and I was right!) because the only remaining bathrooms were the building bathrooms with 4 stalls in the women's, 4 urinals and 2 stalls in the men's. By the way, cops were patrolling since 7 pm because we had a few issues with fights, etc.

It wasn't long until bladders were bulging and the lines were building. While there were less people at the night event than the day festival, it was still rather busy and both lines were pretty full (maybe twenty five out the door at the women's, more in the hall and maybe fifteen in line for the men's. I started scouting for someone attractive and desperate and wasn't displeased! I noticed a 20-something blonde, wearing a neon pink tank top with a neon green mini skirt and neon pink high heels.

She glowed under all the black lights so she had caught my eye before, but now I noticed she was walking strangly. I thought maybe it was the heels in the grass but then I noticed her asking a bunch of strangers/vendors where the bathrooms were, jiggling slightly and crossing her legs and uncrossing them as she did so. Not every person was aware the porta-potties were gone and only noticed the missing ones are the entrance/exit, not realizing all the other sets were gone too. Eventually someone must have told her that her only relief was so she made a b-line for the building bathroom line and stood behind a long line of other bursting women. I followed her and watched her in line in constant motion; jiggling, leg crossing, tossing hair, and tapping her feet. She looked to be the worst off in the group so I focused all of my energy on her.

Me: "Are you alright?"

Green skirt: "Yeah, I just have to pee SO BAD! Oh my god this line better hurry the fuck up!"

Me: "Yeah, it's a bad one. Glad I only had water today!" (this was true, I'm not a big drinker)

Green skirt: "Ugh, I wish I had. Those guys over there were buying me shots and before I knew it I needed to take a wicked piss."

Me: "Oh yeah, that'll do it! At least you got some free drinks out of it!"

We continued to chit chat for awhile as the line slowly creeped forward. She was sneaking her hand up her skirt occasionally and as time passed on this became more frequent. She was trying to position her body to make this not as obvious and seemed embarrassed, so she eventually just crossed her legs really tightly and held her aching bladder. I could see her body physically shaking and noticed her breathing really heavily.

Me: "Are you sure you're alright? You look pretty bad off."

Green skirt: "I don't know, man, I'm about to piss myself." She then pushed her hands into her crotch tightly and yelped slightly.

Green skirt: "Fuck this, I'm not wetting myself."

She darted out of line and around the building, toward the men's bathrooms. I ran with her as she pushed past the guys in line and ran into their bathroom. A few men grumbled as I followed suit, but no one seemed particularly upset to have two girls running past them. Green skirt looked at the stalls but there wasn't an opening so she stood behind a guy that had just reached the urinal and begged him to hurry up. He had just started and apologized that he couldn't stop mid stream but promised to give her access when he was done. She held her crotch furiously and was pleading with him the entire time.

Finally he finished and Green Skirt backed her butt up to the urinal, pulled her black thong down (couldn't tell if there was a wet spot of not), and leaned back into the urinal and basically sat down. She pulled her skirt up so far I could see a spattering of light brown trimmed pubic hair and her stream was loud and furious the second she had her skirt out of the way. The way she was positioned it was difficult to see the stream but based on the length of her pee and the sounds of her sighing she really needed that. When she finished there were maybe three guys just staring at her. She looked embarrassed and rushed out the bathroom, forgetting her thong. One guy picked the panties up, pocketed them and took his position at the urinal.

*026*2013-06-02 09:06

LAST DAY:

The night festival was in full swing and while the bathroom lines were long, many people stayed and fought their bladders to have a good time. My boyfriend had set up fireworks outside the entrance, right in the front of the parking lot so to not be in the way of anyone. I went over with him and we started launching large mortors off. A small group formed near us and a few men wanted to give their go at shooting off fireworks. A cop actually came over to us to make sure we weren't going to hurt ourselves but my boyfriend was sober. The cop stayed close by and even shot off a few himself! The crowd loved it and it was a spectacular addition to the night. I noticed a woman pulling at her husband's arm and begging him to take her home. She seemed pretty drunk and was swaying a little bit. She was wearing dark jeans, a red top, and had her brown hair in a messy bun. She looked to be maybe late thirties, early forties and was wearing thick horn rimmed glasses.

Glasses: "Honey, let's go! I need to pee!"

Husband: "Then go! I'm having fun, I don't want to leave yet."

Glasses: "The line is too long, I'll wet myself waiting on those other girls. Please, please, please! I need to go so bad."

Husband: "Five more minutes and we'll go."

Glasses looked grumpy but seemed satisfied so she stood nearby looking uncomfortable. He legs were tightly together and she was biting her lip. She didn't make a peep but her face was squished up and she looked extremely tense. Finally she shouted she'd be waiting at the car and started running into the parking lot. She made it maybe twenty feet before squatting down and peeing next to a car, out in the open, flooding her jeans. I figured she had started wetting herself mid-run and couldn't get her jeans down in time. She also may have been afraid of the cop, who watched her with wide eyes but said nothing. Her husband took her home right after and I couldn't tell if she was upset or just relieved.

I walked up to burger vendor that had stayed open late when I noticed Jenny, one of the cashiers, waving me over. I walked up and she painfully said "Have you seen (coworker?) She left for the bathroom forever ago and I've been holding it since my last break!" I told her I hadn't and she asked me what she could do. I offered to take over for her momentarily so she could go wait so she bolted away. Five minutes passed and she came back, looking uncomfortable and not relieved yet. I asked what happened but she said the line was way too long so she'd try to hold it until close (their booth only had thirty more minutes before they were closing.)

I watched her wriggle and figured while thirty minutes was a long time, standing in that line would likely take longer. Jenny was just barely 18, on the chunkier side with a big chest and jet black wavy hair she had in pig-tails. She was wearing a white button up sleeveless top that had a mustard stain near the pocket and a pair of khaki shorts. She was now cross legged and took orders very tight lipped. I stood behind the booth and "helped her", which was mostly me checking her out while putting burgers on paper plates.

Finally she looked at me pleadingly and asked what she could do. "I can't wait anymore, my bladder hurts so badly." She pulled her shirt up to reveal a swollen belly, filled to the brink. I told her she could duck down and pee in a medium cup (the larges had all sold) while I distracted customers. She looked at me for a moment, then took my offer. Jenny squatted down, struggled to unbutton her shorts, then slid them off and pulled down a pair of plain white underwear. She took a minute to start peeing but then there was a drizzle...then a spurt...then a full on stream. She filled the cup up fully and when it started overflowing onto her hands she tried to stem the flow but couldn't manage. She kept peeing into the overfull cup and the pee splashed onto her hands but it ended quickly enough. She threw the cup into the trash can and said thank you. I left her booth to find my boyfriend for a make out session because I was so turned on.

*027*2013-06-02 09:28

LAST DAY:

I didn't see these women actually wet themselves but throughout the night I did notice a few pairs of wet shorts and pants. A lot of women were wearing skirts and dresses so I didn't know if any of these women wet their panties or crouched down, but here are a few of my favorites of the more attractive women.

# 1: A very drunk girl, maybe 5 feet tall tops. She was a wisp of a thing, with colored bright red hair and while I didn't get the best look at her face, she was wearing a pair of jeans and her boyfriend's oversized hoodie. He was helping her out, practically holding up her entire body weight as he basically drug her. Her butt was hidden under the hoodie but I could see distinct pee streaks down the inside of her jeans.

# 2: This was actually a conversation I heard between two women, but I didn't see any wetness. The first woman had on a black top with a graphic of a cartoon cat on it and a jean skirt with cowgirl boots. The second was wearing a floral sundress, I don't remember which colors, I didn't specify in the notebook. They both looked to be in their thirties.

Boots: "Let's go, I'm tired of being wet and I need to go again."

Dress: "Just take off your panties!."

Boots: "Ew, no! I'm not you, I don't go comando everywhere I go!"

Dress: "Well I'm not you, I don't pee myself in a crowd of people!"

Boots: "Touche. Well let's go so it doesn't happen again."

Dress: "I have to go too so yeah, we can leave. You could always just duck behind a shadow and piss yourself again, you're already wet..."

Boots: "No way! My boots are still sloshing and I need a shower."

# 3: An African American girl wearing light pink shorts. She had her hair braided and was wearing dark red lipstick. I don't remember the color of her top but her legs were very long. I couldn't see much from the front, just a small wet circle near her crotch but the back of her shorts were dark pink with a giant circle. It almost looked like she wet herself sitting down by the way the urine had wet her entire bottom.

# 4: There was a woman that wasn't wearing a top at all but had her breasts painted with body paint to look like flowers. She was maybe a medium B-cup with shoulder length brown hair and platinum blonde highlights. She was wearing a pair of very short shorts that were cut off with frayed edges. There was a wet spot visible from the front and I didn't get a chance to check the back of her shorts. She was holding a bottle of beer and seemed very free, so I assume she either wet suddenly or deliberately because she didn't seem upset at all or like someone that would mind pulling down her jeans to pee.

# 5: Three women, all mid forties, walking in a row. One in tight blue jeans had a faint but visible streak down her left leg with a little near her butt. If I wasn't paying so close attention I wouldn't have noticed. The woman in the middle didn't have wet pants but looked desperate and was hobbling along. They were walking out the exit so I assumed the middle woman was going to have an accident or have to burst in the parking lot because she looked too full to last much longer.

*028*2013-06-02 09:44

LAST DAY:

We had several live performers, such as pole dancers, break dancers, DJ's, and even one mime! I don't think the mime was hired, he seemed like he just showed up! The performers were hired and after looking at invoices some were paid very generously, but it was all by the hour. Since we ran late that day they were taken care of very well. One group was a set of five women that did a choreographed dance with ribbons and LED lights. They didn't work the entire time, they switched through rotation with the other performers so they had off time to drink, eat, use the restroom, relax, ect. Unfortunately for one young pale girl with blunt bangs, maybe 18, 19 years old tops, the bathroom lines weren't short and some of the performers had dropped out, leaving the other acts to do more rotations than before. The blunt banged girl was standing to the side of the stage were her legs crossed, gently uncrossing them and then recrossing.

The head of her group was scolding her, so the girl stopped crossing her legs but held them tight together. She was wearing a black leotard with black ballet flats and light pink tights. Her tights glowed white in the black lights. A few minutes passed and it was their turn on stage. Their team started their routine and she was in the far right corner of the stage, the furthest away from the stairs. The first few seconds she was in step with her group but then she started falling out of routine.

She was missing steps and was having a difficult time following the other girls. They all went into a move where they slid down into a split and the blunt banged woman did not come up from her split. The other girls continued their routine but she sat in the split position the rest of their set and her mascara was running down her face as she cried softly. When the set was over and she stood up her tights were wet with pee and there was a medium sized puddle on the stage.

The head of their group practically pulled her from the stage and started yelling about how she embarrassed them and wasn't getting paid. I overheard so I put my badge back on (it was on a strap around my neck) and approached the group, telling them that each person would be paid individually, not as a group, so all of them would be paid for as long as they performed. I didn't see them perform another set the rest of the night so I assume the head decided they should go home because of the accident. A janitor had to clean the stage before anyone else could perform.

*029*2013-06-02 15:14

LAST DAY: short wetting

It was maybe 12 am or so, and while the party was dying down significantly some people were still about. Suddenly an artist rushed up to me from the opposite direction of the fairgrounds (at the very end, we were standing near the entrance); a woman in her late twenties with a great smile, creamy skin with rosy cheeks and a great body. While I don't know all of the artists there very well, this was her third year selling her work at the festival so we had met before and knew each other. She is a very petite Korean girl with a slight accent named Tina. Her eyes were wide and dark, and her hair was dark and fell straight down her back almost to her behind. She was wearing long, modest jean shorts and a loose blue t-shirt. She was on the shyer side and didn't speak much.

I asked what was wrong and apparently she had taken her engagement ring off at her table for (reason I don't remember) and couldn't find it. The tables had already been put away and were getting picked up the next day so she was panicking and she had previously searched the ground looking for it with a flashlight and had no luck. She was visibly very upset so I offered to take her to where the tables were being stored in a shed at the very end side of the festival to see if it happened to be there. I really didn't think it would be but she was so upset I wanted to try every method I could to find the ring. We walked to the very front first to the office to go through the lost and found to see if it had been left behind. The lost and found box was pretty big and be sifted through it carefully for about fifteen minutes but didn't see it.

We then walked the entire fairgrounds with her flashlight scanning every inch of the ground as we went crouching down with her . We weren't even half way through the fair grounds and it had been almost thirty five minutes. Tina seemed extremely upset and when she stood up I noticed her holding her belly a tiny bit and keeping her legs very tight together. We continued across the fair grounds and it was was another thirty minutes before we got into the shed. By then I was sure she needed to pee based on her body language (tight lips, occasional leg crossing, stomach holding, arms crossed, rocking back and forth).

We sifted through the entire shed underneath all the tables and other equipment we were holding to be picked up, which was not a fast or easy task. At one point she climbed up on top of a step ladder to look up on a low shelf and I could see her wriggling her bottom and squirming a tiny bit. I was looking hard for her ring but couldn't find it. We finally set back out to the fairgrounds and she seemed very upset. I took her flash light and kept scouring the grounds while she followed with short small steps.

I knew she was too shy to ever admit to having to pee but it was obvious by her body movements. She didn't crouch down to look through the grass anymore. We were maybe a fifteen minute walk until being near the night time festivities when I was crouched down and heard the audible hiss of pee. I looked up with my flashlight and saw Tina's jeans darken with her legs tightly together. A stream of urine snaked down her bare legs and hit the ground. The pee splashed into the dirt and she stood there, shell shocked, until her bladder completely emptied. She seemed ashamed but I looked away. She asked if she could have her flash light back to go look again so I returned it and left her to her own adventure. I'm not sure if she ever found the ring.

*031*2013-06-03 00:26

Since my wet pants thread was so popular, I will write down a few spotted wet pants I view from year number three. I didn't see these accidents in motion, just afterward:

# 1: A woman in her late forties was wearing a size too small high waisted jeans with what looked like a black leotard underneath. It was a strange outfit, but I saw many strange outfits at this festival. She had a touch of gray in her hair and the rest of it was a faded dyed red. The front of her crotch was had been completely soaked and there were streaks down her thighs that were wetter than her light washed jeans. The spot seemed to be drying so I assume she had her accident awhile back. Her and her friends stopped near the booth I was sitting behind, organizing inventory reports and counting the daily percentage out of the art seller's drawer. We all did this but were split into sections so the booths wouldn't overwhelm me.

When the woman walked up the guy's booth I was sitting behind stared at her crotch while she browsed. I asked if she was alright and needed anything, pulling on my badge. She replied "Oh, no, I'm alright. I was having a hard time getting the jeans and leotard off in the porta-potty. You win some, you lose some!" She seemed pretty cheery for someone that had just had a public accident, so I suspected she might not mind wetting herself too much. Her friend bought an item from the artist and he couldn't keep his eyes off her damn butt as she swayed away.

# 2: A pregnant woman, maybe in her second trimester, had wet her stretchy blue yoga pants. I felt sorry for her because holding a full bladder while you are pregnant can be really difficult and I'm sure she was waiting in line and couldn't hold her water anymore. She was walking with her head down and a mess of brown hair in her face, holding her baby bump slightly and speed walking past me. She momentarily stopped at a booth that sold homemade clothing, walked away, then came back to purchase an orange and black skirt. She put the skirt on over her yoga pants then with the help of her husband slid the wet pants off. He balled them up and put her wet pants and undies in the plastic bag her skirt came in.

# 3: It was late and I was heading out while the last group of people were walking to their cars. A group of six girls were standing around a car chatting. There was a puddle at the feet of a short haired girl and the very front of her skirt had a wet spot, as though she had been holding herself through the skirt when she lost control. The other girls were avoiding her puddle but didn't seem to mind the river that was spreading across the parking lot.

# 4: Not an actual wetting but one of the beer booths called my walkie-talkie telling me he felt sorry for some women needing to use the restroom urgently and were letting them duck behind the booth and use his trash can. The can was full and had too much pee in it for him to pick up the bag. I walked over to the booth and brought him a new trash can but left the one full of urine. It was to the brim (one of those small kitchen trash cans) so I can't imagine how many women released their bursting bladders in them. He apologized for being unprofessional but I waved his apology away and tried to pick up the trash can itself. It was very heavy and there was no way I could carry it far without spilling it so I asked if he would mind keeping it near the booth. He said not at all and seemed really calm about having a trashcan full of piss behind his station.

*032*2013-06-03 18:37

{{:

If only there were more of these events

}}

This festival still happens I just don't live in that city anymore so I don't work it now. I've heard through the grapevine that conditions have improved (more bathrooms, indoor buildings and nursing stations, etc) but I might go next year for fun and to see if there's still good desperation/accidents to view.

*034*2013-06-04 03:40

{{:

Amazing, read it all very well remembered and written

}}

Thank you! Keep reading, I will keep updating. I have a notebook that is basically all of these stories just not as well written, mostly just quick facts so I'm able to keep a lot of the details and conversations factual.

*040*2013-06-08 00:14

I'm about to nip off for work so we will do a short one that is related but not actually at the festival:

Year 4 of the festival there was an issue with one of the artist's exhibits. He had a very large exhibit and was moving it in a U-Haul but the U-Haul was in an accident. The tow truck wouldn't take the U-Haul to the festival so me and another girl on the committee (it was a larger committee this year) went out with two different cars to help him bring all of his things back with us. It ended up being a three hour round trip due to traffic. The girl tagging along with me was named Heather, and was twenty five with beach wavy dark blonde hair, cloudy blue eyes, rosy cheeks, glossy lipstick, a black bow in her hair, and a black halter top with white jean short shorts. We didn't have a dresscode, we only had badges.

The trip up was uneventual because we drove our own vehicles . The trip out only took about 45 minutes until we reached the artist and slip up his exhibit the best we could between two cars. He was is a really bad mood and neither of us wanted to get stuck with him so Heather offered up her car. At the crash site there was a gas station so all of us stopped to fill up on fuel and Heather grabbed a 30 oz Big Gulp of Mountain Dew and we were on our way. It wasn't long until we hit traffic so Heather and I chit-chatted about school, boyfriends, etc.

We had been sitting in stand still traffic for maybe thirty five minutes when I noticed Heather squirming a tiny bit. She isn't a shy girl at all and one time I've seen her pee her pants outside of a bar (story for another time) so I was getting interested when I noticed her discomfort. "Man, I have to pee." She crossed her legs and changed the radio station. Even though her bladder was filling up she kept sipping her Big Gulp until it was gone. It was a hot day and we had the windows down to smoke cigarettes so I assume the heat was getting to her. She was discussing her boyfriend's mother and seemed lost in conversation when suddenly she winced and jammed her hand into her crotch for about five seconds.

I asked if she was alright and Heather said "Yeah, I just need to wizz. Think we can get off at the next exit?" I thought for a moment and considered it but realized I was in charge of any bathroom breaks and I had a great excuse. I told her we could try but the artist was already so agitated it might really annoy him. Also the next exit was one way and would really take us out of the way to get back to the highway. She frowned but said "Yeah, you are right, he would be so mad if we weren't there soon and I bet this traffic is making him so angry. He's kind of an ass." We continued on and were inching along, probably about 10 mph. Heather was sweating now and had stopped talking about anything except her bulging bladder. She had unbuttoned her shorts and had them unzipped a little bit, showing that she wasn't wearing any underwear. She was smooth shaven but had a little bit of medium brown stubble. Here are a few things I wrote down that she said:

"I bet this traffic is from an accident but if it doesn't hurry up there will be two accidents, if you know what I mean!"

"Oh my god I have to PEEEEEE! Jesus, go car, go!"

"What is taking SO LONG?! I'm about to bust over here!"

"Seriously, I have to pee so bad. Like, I'm about to ruin your seat over here!"

We passed the only exit for miles and continued on, speeding up a bit. We started to reach normal speed again but had been side tracked by awhile and had about an hour and ten minutes left. Heather was squirming and tapping her feet. Her cheeks were redder than usual and she had started to become quiet all together. Finally she remembered her 30 oz Big Gulp cup was in the back seat and decided she was going to use it. She didn't ask my approval, just unbuckled her seat belt, balanced the cup underneath her, and let loose.

She sighed as she went and I could hear her stream loudly going for about 20 seconds, then pausing for two or three seconds, then going on again. She peed for maybe a little under a minute, even with the pausing, which was less than I was expecting for as much as she was complaining. While she was peeing a trucker drove past and honked her horn but Heather wasn't shy and just smiled. When she was done she threw the entire cup full of urine out of the window and pulled her shorts back up.

"Wow, I feel so much better. Sorry, just didn't want to soak your seats and mister asshole back there would be so pissed off if we stopped so I could take a leak. I shouldn't have had that much to drink, god. Didn't know there'd be traffic for days."

We continued on and only had about thirty minutes left when Heather said "Uh-oh, I have to go again." I joked with her that she just peed an ocean but I knew how quickly your bladder can refill after you are very desperate. She had her jeans unbuttoned again and asked if I would stop. This time I decided I would but there weren't any exits between where we were and the exit we took to get to the festival, according to our GPS. She was really desperate and it seemed to escalated quickly, with her hands down the front of her shorts, holding her crotch for dear life. I was sure she was going to pop any second, although at this point we only had ten more minutes until our exit, then we passed a gas station that I was going to let her out at.

Heather was frantically searching for something to relieve her bladder into but had already thrown out her big gulp cup. For once I had actually cleaned out the car and there was nothing in there but the artist's exhibit pieces and a few towels. Heather was rocking back and forth now and I actually didn't want her to pee on my seat since I was borrowing my boyfriend's car so I suggested she pull one of the towels out from the back and just let a little bit out to last her until she could get to a proper bathroom.

Heather unbuckled her seatbelt again and grabbed a light blue beach towel from the back and balled it up. She tore her shorts down and this time pulled them all the way off so they were sitting on the floor. She was completely nude and perched over the seat with the towel under her so she was a few inches above it. She concentrated really hard and let out a spurt that lasted maybe five seconds, then stopped to a small dribble.

"It's not enough, it's so hard to stop, oh my god!"

She peed a little more, and each time the pee hit the towel it was darkened to a dark blue color. Her stream started and she tried to stop it and it wavered to a drip, but the dam broke and she was peeing full force into the towel now. The urine was soaking through and the entire towel aside from the edges and the pee started spilling onto my seat. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I just couldn't stop it." Heather finished peeing and patted herself dry with the edge. She moved the towel to the floor but the seat had a wet spot on it and she sat it in with her shorts on. When she got up the back of her shorts were slightly see through from the pee soaked in the from the seat.

*041*2013-06-08 19:24

Year 2 when I was still working the vending station I was packing up the station around 7 pm since that's usually when people stopped coming to get pitas. Some food places stayed open but they were usually hot dog and burger places closer to the middle and entrance. The toilet lines had died down but this was toward the end of the festival and we all know how porta-potties can get a little stinky and gross, especially after a long period of use. There was a group of women that looked in dire need of the restroom and were hurrying over to the line.

There was a woman in her mid-forties maybe, with a long curly brown pony tail and pouty dark red lipstick with heavy mascara. She was very put together and looked out of place at the festival, wearing business type attire with black low pumps, black nylons, a black pencil skirt, a white ruffly button up top and a black cardigan. There were two young girls following her, I assumed to be her daughters. Both looked to be more at place at the festival so I assumed they were her daughters that she begrudgingly came along with.

They both looked to be barely 18 or 19. The first girl was wearing tight burgundy jeans with high light brown leather boots and a black low cut sweater. She had blunt straight bangs and shoulder length hair, very straight, think Uma Therman in Pulp Fiction. The other had curly hair, very short, in tiny pigtails and was wearing light wash slight flare jeans, converse sneakers, and a black hoodie with some band name on it I don't remember. They all rushed past me, walking that desperate, tight legged walk we all are familiar with.

They reached the point of the porta-potties and the mother paused, looking very disapproving. The daughter's both joined a short line (1-2 people?) and the mother went up to a stall that had just opened. She walked in, immediately walked out with a giant cringe on her face. She dramatically held her nose and pulled both of her daughters away from the porta-potties. The pig-tailed hoodie girl argued a bit but eventually was drug by her mother away. They arrived near my booth and the mother sat down on a bench and crossed her legs tightly.

I stepped away from my booth a few yards and pretended to play with my phone so I could sneak glances and overhear their conversation. The mother pulled out her map and started studying it, looking for another set of restrooms, hopefully not a porta-potties. The problem was the maps just listed the porta-potties as "restrooms" not as porta-potties so festival go-ers didn't always know what they were getting into. She sighed in frustration and recrossed her legs tightly.

Pig tails: "Mom, c'mon, let's go to the other bathrooms I really need to PEE!"

Mother: "Shhh, don't speak like that young lady! No one needs to overhear you speaking of your need. I raised you both to act proper and you will act proper in public, even if it's such a cesspool as this place."

Blunt bangs: "Alright, alright, we get it, but I need to 'use the powder room' as well so we need to find one right now. Where are they?"

Mother: "It looks like there's one at the front."

Pig tails had sat down by down next to her mother but had her legs crossed so tightly and her head down. She looked positively about to burst and I imagine her tight jeans were cutting into her bladder. From the way it looked and how disapproving their mother had been I imagined none of them had emptied their bladders all day, although I wasn't sure what time they had arrived. Blunt bangs was jiggling a bit but seemed to be the best off of the three. The mother put the map back in her purse and pulled out a pack of really dainty cigarettes, one of those slim lights and searched through her purse for a lighter.

It took her a bit so I walked over and offered her my lighter. She accepted and thanked me, although she did pause and frown at the Playboy bunny logo. I had a friend that had worked for Playboy previously so the lighter was a zippo that said "Once a bunny, always a bunny." Anyway, the mother lit a cigarette and had her legs tightly crossed together, I think trying to calm down to let her bladder rest. I lit one as well and started chit chatting with pigtails since she seemed to be the worst off. Blunt bangs took her spot on the bench and Pig Tails stood up and walked a few feet away to talk with me.

Me: "What exhibits did you guys see today?"

Pig tails: "Oh, so many! I really liked the circus one and the guy with all of the body painted women but my mom didn't want us to stay at that one very long. The girls were so beautiful..."

Me: "Oh yeah, that's one of my favorites. I actually have a friend that is one of the girls!"

Pig tails: "Really?! Which one?!"

Me: "I think she was purple and blue today, I don't know the designs."

Pig tails: "Oh wow she was hot." She covered her mouth immediately and looked around to see if her mother heard. I assumed she was into women a bit but her mother didn't approve or know. There was a pause and then she continued talking.

Pig tails: "I need to piss so bad right now. Like, I feel like I'm about to pee myself, we need to get going. I think we're just going home since mom hates this place but that's fine because I need to get there so badly right now."

Me: "Yeah, I could use a break myself. It's been a long day."

There was a lull in conversation and she continued to squirm and cross her legs. She was doubled over a bit and her hand was lingering near her crotch but never touched it. She put her legs together tightly and was practically dancing on the spot for a few minutes. Then I heard:

Pig tails: "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, noooooo!"

She blushed a bright red and looked down while a wet spot developed on her crotch. It was a small circle but immediately started running down her legs, darkening her jeans and spreading in little rivers until the pee hit her shoes and started pooling around her feet. She kept her legs tightly together and stared in disbelief until her bladder had finished unloading it's contents into her jeans. Usually people tend to leak then let go completely but it seemed like she just exploded all at once. Pig tails stood there in shock until her mother noticed her accident and stood up, scolding her for being so unlady like and lacking self control. She insisted Pig Tails take off her hoodie and wrap it around her waist to cover her accident even though it was windy and a little chilly out. The mother then led them away, although she didn't seem much in control herself. While I might be a little cruel I wished an accident on the mother before she reached a toilet, especially a public one.

*042*2013-06-08 19:39

Here are some bathroom complaints I saved and received. I didn't write down which years they were from, actually, but I assume 2-4, although all of the years didn't have enough toilets for the amount of people that showed up.

Complaint # 1: Jennifer ****

"I really enjoyed (X Festival) this year and have been a few years ago. This was probably my favorite year because of (exhibit X, exhibit X, table X, DJ X) but I was really upset to see there were only two vegan stations that were very spread out. I expected more from a liberal festival but the food was cheaply priced and overall decent so I can't complain too much. One of the biggest issues were the bathrooms are still not up to par. I get porta-potties, I've been to music shows here and they have to use porta-potties as well but there's always more than here. There's more space for them with the bands are here and I get that but everything was so spread out I was rushing to the bathroom and waiting in line forever before I could get a chance to pee. On the third day me and one of my friends actually wore pads that came in handy because waiting in line was a little risky when it was slammed. I hate having to basically wear a diaper like a kid just to come see some art."

Complaint # 2: Samantha ****** (leaving out everything but the bathroom part)

"Since this was my first year presenting my work to be sold, I was unaware of the restroom situation. I could not leave my table for extended periods of time to relieve myself because otherwise I would not be able to deal with customers. I am a solo artist and traveled significantly for this festival so I was unaware I would need a partner to watch my booth for 15 minutes to an hour at a time to find and use the toilet. On the last day I was so desperate I actually closed up my selling station far before hours were over, loaded the truck, and drove to the gas station to relieve myself. I was pulled over on the way there and am including my speeding ticket for your own negligence of providing proper facilities."

*044*2013-06-10 02:52

{{:

I'm not into the actual desperation part in female stories, but been reading this thread for the bits like this cos I love those, and this is my favourite so far. I love when girls are so nonchalant and public about peeing and just do it like that.

Might as well mention that I'm also totally interested in reading if you've got any male stories you feel like sharing, by the way, since nobody else seems to be. There've still been some good bits in these stories, but figured I'd mention it anyway.

}}

I'm more of a desperation lover than I am a wetting lover, so I tend to focus on those parts. I have a great male desperation and wetting one from this festival because that artist I mentioned did end up making an exhibit where men were trapped in a box all day drinking beer. I'll update that one soon, I just hadn't since no one seemed interested and I'm not into male desperation/wetting at all really, but I can share.

*045*2013-06-13 08:05

Two stories here; one is female desperation and public urination, the second is a fear wetting. I apologize if my stories are a little slurred, I have taken my sleep medications and they make me a little loopy:

This one was scrawled in a notebook without mention of a year but I was already on the committee since I was just walking around. I was doing some of my basic duties I won't really get into because they are rather boring but I passed an artist with an exhibit that was interactive, so she needed to stay stationed at it the entire day. Her exhibit was inside a glass cube where she threw water balloons full of paint at women, men, and anyone that volunteered. A lot of customers volunteered and to be painted you paid a few dollars in a donation box, but she was given a hefty amount of donations because many women would take their clothes off to be painted and the men were fond of this.

Anyway, this artist was named Hannah and we're actually still friends because our significant others grew up together. I booked her at the festival due to his recommendation so we were already friendly. Hannah was a bit of a hippy type and wore a long floral skirt with no shoes, a patterned halter top that didn't really match without a bra, protruding nipples on a healthy set of C breasts, and had long dirty blonde hair that was very tousled. She didn't wear any makeup and always smelled like flowers. Hannah told me once she was able to smell so wonderful by picking fragrant flowers (roses, jasmine, gardinias) and rubbing the petals on her neck and wrists.

I walked by Hannah's exhibit several times to chat with her and watch the exhibit. She even let me throw a few balloons and a lot of topless women were loving it and squealing with glee. I had my Cannon with me so I took a bunch of pictures of these ladies (by request) and gave them my business card so I could give them the pictures later. Because my camera was so popular Heather called me by the exhibit a few times to take pictures. I stopped throwing balloons because it was getting too messy and my camera was a wreck. Her exhibit was getting extremely popular and her tip jar was so full I brought her a register and cashed in a bunch of her ones. The next time I visited Hannah she was clutching her thermos against her chest and kind of glaring at the line.

Me: "What's up, too many people to handle?"

Hannah: "Totally. I'm loving the attention but wow I need to pee."

Me: "Want me to watch the exhibit?"

Hannah: "Yeah, yeah, that'd be great. I drank all this tea and I'm about to pop. Wait, are there still only those porta-potties?"

Me: "Yeah, the lines are bad though. I don't know how fast you'd be able to get through and I can't wait here longer than 15 minutes because I have to get back to work."

Hannah: "Okay, I will go try and if fifteen minutes passes I'll come back."

Me: "And then what?"

Hannah: "Ugh, I don't want to think about it."

Hannah hurried off and I kept my eyes on the exhibit. I put up a sign that said "COME BACK IN FIFTEEN MINUTES PLEASE, ARTIST BREAK" since I didn't want to be covered in paint and while there were a few disappointed faces most people understood and either waited, asked to see my pictures, or chit-chatted with me about the festival and the exhibit. Hannah was getting rather popular and there was someone that was a gallery dealer that wanted to use her so he was impatiently waiting for her to return.

I was starting to get antsy as well since it had been almost fifteen minutes. Suddenly, I saw Hannah appear but she did not look in better shape than she was when she left. She walked quickly toward me with her legs tight and when she sat down she crossed her legs immediately, trapping part of her flowy skirt between her thighs. The dealer began speaking with her and I needed to get back to work so I didn't get a chance to talk to her about the status of her bladder. I left for about a half hour to deal with other duties and ended up bored and just walking around again. I passed Hannah and noticed she was standing now and still speaking with the dealer, shifting her weight from foot to foot. I went over to a booth and pretended to be adjusting curtains and banners but I actually was just spying on Hannah from fifteen or twenty feet away.

Hannah was twisting her fingers in her hair and occasionally would walk with the dealer over to the cube to throw water balloons on guests but she was very interested in speaking with the dealer so her line would grow and she wouldn't throw balloons until the room was full. After ten minutes or so Hannah was looking bad off and the dealer left so I walked over to get a better look. She was throwing balloons and almost jogging in place, trying to control her need. Her cheeks were flushed and pieces of her hair were stuck to her forehead with sweat.

Me: "Ever get a chance to pee?"

Hannah: "Oh, goodness no! The lines were astounding and I didn't have the time, plus Mr. ******** took up most of my time. I'm not going to hold out much longer but I don't have the time to leave. I don't know how everyone does this all day! I'm up to my eyeballs!"

Me: "Actually, I've seen quite a bit of accidents and some people even squatting down and using cups or buckets."

Hannah: "Really? Hm, maybe if this line dies I can manage that, I don't have a cup and don't want to use my thermos."

Me: "The tip jar, maybe?" It was essentially a medium sized fish bowl.

Hannah: "Well...yes, that will have to do. Wow, I really need to pee. It's so bad I thought I was going to wet myself in front of that dealer."

I watched Hannah dance a little more as she threw balloons but eventually her line did die and she had a chance to use the jar. Her exhibit was pretty open so I was wondering how she would do it, especially since many people were walking by and she had no where to hide. Hannah looked around very embarrassed and asked me to "stand guard." She dumped her tips out, turned around so her back was facing the festival and squatted slightly, pulling the fish bowl up under her skirt. She had to keep the front hiked up to hold it but from the back you couldn't really tell what she was doing. I could hear an audible stream slightly but the area we were in was loud so the traffic was blocking out her urination. I think she was turned around for maybe a minute and twenty seconds but some of that time was pulling the fish bowl out from under her skirt.

When she tried to turn around her hand slipped and the bowl full of urine fell onto the ground, shattered, and urine pooled everywhere. Hannah looked more relieved and laughed at the broken bowl, gingerly stepped around it to protect her bare feet, and sat back down at the exhibit.

Next story:

I'm not sure what year this was either but it was next to the first story in the notebook. I actually think I was a vendor then based on the way I worded things in my original entry but I'm not sure, honestly. This was around 11 pm and I was meeting up with friends near the night time exhibits for a few drinks. There was one exhibit that was only open during the night time for one night (sometimes they rotated, and some artists only had exhibits or selling tables for one or two days. This actually made the festival more interesting and profitable because more people would come on multiple days to see the newer ones.)

This night time exhibit was set up to be very spooky and was a play on horror houses with a maze of mirrors and people dressed in scary or strange outfits jumping out at you. It was actually more artistic than this but difficult to explain the concept further than that and the details don't matter much. My friends had wanted to go through it and they had all consumed much more wine and beer than I had. I wasn't much of a drinker, really, so I had half a glass of wine and was mostly stuffing myself full of fried oreos. I had a group of three friends with me, one guy and two girls. This story is about Janet, so I'll only bother to describe her. Janet is half-African American, half Thai so she has a beautiful, interesting face.

At this time she was rocking a Dianna Ross style wig and was wearing shimmery eye makeup. She was wearing a black and neon pink tutu with neon pink leggings and a studded black bra with neon pink butterfies she had fashioned herself. Think rave bras that are shimmery and flashy. Janet and the rest of us had decided to go through the mirror maze and paid our dues (some exhibits were free but the interactive ones usually had small charges, this one you bought a wrist band for and could go through many times since the spooky people popped up at different times and the lighting and music changed after an incriminate of time. The first time we went through she was really scared and jumping a lot, even screaming and trying to run away but crashing into mirrors. When we got out she seemed really scared and didn't want to go through again.

It freaked me out a little bit so I agreed and we danced to some music and took pictures of ourselves on our cell phones. We went to a few more night exhibits and she mentioned she needed to pee. I didn't need to go at all but some of the others did too but the lines were really, really long. They groaned and I didn't want to stand in a bathroom line so I told them we could walk further back into the festival and pop squats or water the bushes out of the sight of most people and cops.

Before we left to go pee publicly they wanted to go back into to mirror exhibit since the music and people had changed. Janet said she wasn't going in so the rest of us did and it took us an extremely long time to get through the haunted mirror maze. We were having a difficult time since weird lights and distractions were added and it was very confusing. Finally Janet decided to join us because she really needed to pee and didn't want to walk alone to find a place to pee.

She caught up with us and was helping us get through the rest of the maze, probably a better navigator than us since she wanted to get the hell out of there. We were nearly to the end with someone dressed as a very realistic ghoul jumped out in front of us and Janet screaming so loudly she then clutched her crotch and I saw her pink leggings stream with pee as she pissed her pants out of fear. When we left the back and inside of her leggings were obviously wet but I couldn't view her crotch. She didn't seem very embarrassed and when we walked off to the emptying out part of the festival the rest of us peed in the grass.

*046*2013-06-14 03:17

I learned all of this second hand from a tram driver from I picked with for details so I was able to enjoy these as much as I could. Again, I'm a little woozy off my sleep medication so I apologize for any grammatical errors or misspellings. There was a tram driver named Bill that fancied me and recounted several stories of desperation/wettings to me in great detail (I admitted my fetish so he was more than eager to get my wheels turning). Bill drove a tram which was a stand up style bus with a few seats that stopped at the local hotels and would bring people to and from the festival. This tram ran the area during popular events and Bill had driven for several years so he recounted to me the best experiences from the most attractive women. It's important to state that some people had to wait for awhile for the tram to arrive and there were times the tram was too full so people had to wait quite awhile for another one to stop by.

Busting blondes:

Two blondes that looked very similar (likely sisters) got onto the tram and mentioned they had been waiting awhile. They paid their fare and sat down in the two seats closest to the exit. The first blonde looked to be mid to late twenties with chest length platinum blonde hair wearing shorts. (I couldn't get the best clothing descriptions out of him aside from shorts, pants, dresses or skirts.) Her sister was much younger with a pixie cut and darker blonde hair wearing a mini skirt. The two sat down and immediately crossed their legs and started squirming around. The pixie blonde spoke very loudly and while it was more difficult for Bill to overhear their conversation, he could hear everything pixie said very vividly.

Pixie: "I have NEVER had to pee so bad in my LIFE! We waited forever for this tram, ugh, I wish we could have walked."

Platinum: "I know, I expect it to come faster. I'm about to bust in the aisle right now."

The jiggling of the train was not agreeing with their full bladders and the sisters were having a hell of a time, crossing their legs and jiggling. The platinum seemed to be worse off and Bill said he caught her in the rear view mirror trying to discretely grip her crotch underneath her purse. She actually asked Bill if he could stop somewhere along the way for a pee break but he told her no, that it was against company code and he could be fired. Her pointed to the cameras in the front and mentioned he would be in a lot of trouble if he made a stop for anyone that needed to pee. Platinum grumbled and hobbled back to her seat. Now she had her hand constantly in her crotch, squeezing tightly, trying to angle her body away from anyone's view. By the time they finally stopped at their hotel both the blondes scampered off the tram and Bill noticed a distinct wet spot on the black of Platinum's short shorts.

Brunette and the bottle:

There was a brunette woman, mid-thirties, with curly hair and a low cut dress. Bill said she was really hot and he couldn't keep his eyes off her. She was in the middle of the tram standing so he could see her a bit in the mirror but at times could not. The tram hit heavy traffic and at this point he noticed she was standing cross legged and complaining loudly to her friends about her great need to pee. She waited for about twenty minutes, dancing in the spot, until she pulled a water bottle out of her purse and crouched down, putting the bottle against her wee-hole and relieving her bladder into it, in the middle of a crowded tram. She apologized to everyone around her and some of the pee didn't make it into the bottle and a little splashed onto her dress and some on the floor. A few people looked disgusted but overall the rest of the tram riders were indifferent of understanding.

Three wet bottoms:

This was during the last tram run and three very intoxicated women entered the train. They were all giggling like mad and making fun of eachother. Two of the women had wet their jean pants before getting to the tram and the third woman was dancing on the spot, looking like she was about to bust any moment. All of them were being very silly, loud, and trying to get this girl to pee herself. One was making obnoxious waterfall sounds and the other kept trying to tickle her ribs.

The woman didn't seem to think this was funny and changed her seat to a standing position where she was closer to Bill and further from her friends. Right before she wet her pants she muttered she was sorry to him, that she couldn't hold it, and a torrent of piss ran down her legs and pooled into a puddle onto the floor. He said the dam really burst and she must have needed to bathroom quite badly because she had exploded all over the floor. Her friends continued to giggle and she rejoined them, but there were few people on the tram to view her accident.

*047*2013-06-14 03:29

This was a year I was a vendor, I believe the first year since I wasn't near the porta-potties. There was a group of very attractive young girls that looked like they had just come from a homecoming dance and were wearing shiny dresses of tulle with their hair in updos and wearing curls. While I figured they must have all been under age, a few in the group appeared to be drunk and were stumbling a bit, although I'm sure their heels didn't help the situation. They passed by my booth a few times and eventually a girl with fire engine red hair in a curly up-do with a knee length, skin tight powder blue dress ran up to my station, nearly breathless asking where the restrooms were.

I played dumb and said I'm pretty sure they were near the side exit, and if not they were way at the end. I knew there were none at the side exit or entrance but wanted to prolong her desperation (I know, I know, I'm cruel) and her need seemed urgent. Their group left for awhile and came back, passing my booth. This time two or three of the girls looked to be in need but the powder blue dress girl was obviously in a bad place. She was shouting at her friends to hurry up and her bladder was visibly bulging through her tight dress. They stopped in front of my station and I opened a pack of cigarettes and offered some to the girls. A few obliged and powder dress urged her friends to move on but didn't want to split apart from the others.

Powder blue: "Guys, let's GO! I need to pee RIGHT NOW and I'm not kidding."

Friend: "Then just go. We're fine and I told you that you should have gone before we got here."

Powder blue: "Well, soooorry, Mom!"

Friend: "Hush up or just go alone, no one cares."

Powder blue dress waited a few more seconds, then decided she couldn't hold her water anymore and sped off toward the exit. Her friends eventually moved on in her direction and I had pretty much forgot about their entire group. Eventually blue dress passed me again and I could see a saucer sized pee stain on the front of her dress, making me think she must have been holding her crotch through her dress when she lost control.

*048*2013-06-15 06:57

Just a quick one before bed! A little bit of female desperation and accidental wetting.

I was on the committee the last year and was on the phone in the office when I heard a frantic knock. I opened the door and a woman in broken English asked if I had a moment to talk. She was mid-to late twenties, Latina, with long brunette hair in a pony tail that had been curled into spirals. Her eyes were wide and dark and she had extremely long eyelashes. Her breasts were large and busting out of her black and yellow top. Her breasts appeared to be fake and she was bouncing wildly on the spot.

Her curvy hips and thighs were jammed into a pair of flare leg jeans and I could tell she was desperate to pee before I could answer her. I was actually on a really important call so I invited her in and pointed to the couch opposite of my desk. She sat down and immediately crossed her legs tightly, keeping one hand near her crotch the entire time. She was jiggling throughout my entire phone call, which lasted maybe seven or eight minutes. By then she was dancing on the spot and she couldn't sit still. Her hand had now crept up into her crotch and she was holding her hand there constantly.

My phone call ended and she attempted to ask where the restrooms were. I told her that they weren't far from the office and if those were full there were porta-potties in the fronts. She seemed confused by all of the information and asked "Bathroom building?" I told her where they were and opened the door, pointing to them. There was a short line but from the way this woman was acting her piss wouldn't be held in much longer. She seemed very confused and I finally realized after a few moments of talking she thought the office connected to a bathroom.

There was a small closet and she kept pointing to the door, thinking there was a bathroom in my head. I shook my head and she bit her lip, both hands jammed into her crotch and muttering Spanish underneath her breath. I looked at her crotch and could see pee pooling into her hands a tiny bit then overflowing as her bladder exploded into her jeans. She pulled her hands away but still stood with her legs tightly together and crouched slightly forward. Her pee absolutely flooded her jeans, growing in a blossom shape across the front of her jeans. Her thighs were soaking wet and there was barely a dry spot left on her jeans. She apologized furiously and scampered out of my office.

*049*2013-06-25 01:39

I've been mostly focusing on my bar series thread but I'd like to come back to this one and give it some attention.

One year after the festival when I was a vendor, I don't know if it was the first or second year, I didn't stay late into the night and was leaving the fair grounds. It was dark out but probably only 8 pm or so. I was driving out when I noticed a group of three women trying to hail a cab. Some were leaving but there didn't seem to be any empty ones. One of them had her legs crossed so I of course decided I needed to stop and asked if the girls needed a lift home, as long as they weren't too far away. They deliberated for a minute but the desperate one shouted "Yes!" and they all got into my car.

A girl named Brandy sat in the passenger seat, who was wearing a pair of black leggings and a long top. Brandy was somewhere in her twenties with curly bright red hair and large breasts without a bra. Each bump I hit her breasts jiggled generously, to suck a degree she began holding them. In the backseat was Charlotte and April. Charlotte immediately climbed in and crossed her legs tightly, which were covered by a pair of tight skinny jeans and a low cut top. I didn't get a great look at her butt when she crawled in but she was about average sized. Charlotte had jet black hair that almost reached her butt and had very pink cheeks.

April was on the thicker side and wearing a yellow v-neck t-shirt with light wash jeans extremely tight jeans, with shoulder length highlighted hair. April's jeans looked almost painted on. They all looked to be in their twenties or so. I took instructions from the girls and they weren't familiar with the area so I had to pull up a map on my GPS to figure out how to get to their hotel. They stayed in a cheap motel kind of far away and of course I chose the thirty minute backroad route instead of hitting the highway (I'm so bad.)

Charlotte immediately announced "I need to pee so bad, OH MY GOD!" April chimed in that she hadn't been since they left the motel since she hated porta-potties and really needed to pee as well. Brandy seemed indifferent and kind of annoyed about their complaining. Brandy really wanted to get back to the motel so she could call her boyfriend but the other two really needed to get there to relieve their overfilled bladders. Charlotte was sitting in the middle seat because the left side had some equipment in it and April was on the right. I adjusted my rear view mirror to get a better look at the girls in the back and reveled in their desperation. While Charlotte and April were very chatty, Brandy had her arms crossed and wasn't talkative. Both girls in the back had their legs crossed and April now appeared more desperate, jiggling a bit. I imagine those skin tight jeans were cutting into her bladder rather badly. The conversation kept leading back to their full bladders:

Charlotte: "I haven't had to pee this badly in my whole LIFE! Why couldn't you spring for a more expensive hotel April, geeze?"

April: "They were all booked! I wish I had too, this is torture. Is there any gas station you could stop at? I'm sorry for asking, it's just been all day for me."

Me: "Unfortunately, no, we're kind of in the boondocks right now. I'm sorry."

Charlotte: "Fuuuuuck. I'm using the bathroom first when we get back!"

April: "No way, you went earlier. I need to go and my panties are smooshing my bladder."

Me: "Tight panty fan, eh?"

April: "Not really, but I put on some weight recently and to make any of my old clothes fit I had to get a belly shaper. It's really tight and not helping my need to pee right now. I have to go so bad!"

We had been in the car for almost twenty minutes and the girl's had no idea how far away the hotel was. When they asked I kept saying I thought it was twenty or thirty more minutes, just to extend their need (I'm so cruel!) even though I knew it was closer. Suddenly we hit a road with a lot of pot holes and with each bump the backseat bladder busting girls were moaning and groaning. April now had her hand in her crotch, not knowing I could see her, and Charlotte was constantly changing positions. After one pretty serious bump April yelped and shoved both hands into her crotch. Charlotte immediately grabbed her crotch after that bump and asked if I would mind pulling over on the shoulder of the road for them to squat down and relieve themselves. Brandy grumbled at this but I agreed and pulled over. I got out as well saying I wanted a cigarette, just in time to walk to the side of the car to see the girls struggling with their jeans.

Charlotte fought with a belt and was pee dancing on the spot, her long hair swaying with her movements. There was a metal fence protector next to the road blocking the girls from jumping the fence. April ran over and attempted but after a few failed leaps she gave up and started unbuttoning her jeans. Charlotte managed to remove her jeans first and squatted down, revealing a trimmed thicket of black public hair. The moment she was crouched down she exploded, peeing forcefully onto the asphalt until she was completely empty.

Charlotte remained on the ground for a few seconds after relieving herself, catching her breath. April took longer to remove her pants and one she pulled them down she revealed a nude body shaper that was indeed very tight. When she slid the shaper down her stomach became less flat and her bulging bladder made her almost look pregnant. By the time April squatted down Charlotte's stream was easing up and Charlotte seemed to not have a very large bladder capacity. My jaw almost dropped when April began to let go because her piss hit the pavement so furiously it splashed back up and nearly foamed.

She groaned in relief as urine poured and poured out of her poor bladder, obviously indicating she hadn't used the bathroom all day, as she had mentioned. April's impressive puddle began to morph with Charlotte's and she just continued to pee, on and on, until she finally stopped. She paused for a moment, then flexed her muscles and released another powerful stream for a few seconds, then stopped to a dribble and stood up, redressing. April was blushing and looked rather embarrassed but thanked me for stopping and saying she needed that so much. I commented that she must have a huge bladder and obviously needed that release and she admitted she didn't think she could have made it to the motel at all. Charlotte asked me for a cigarette so we waited outside for a few more minutes, to the dismay of Brandy.

When we returned to the car Brandy had her legs crossed and told her friends they were gross. "You're not the only ones that need to pee, you know! Let's go, we would have been there by now if you guys didn't have to pee all over the road like homeless people." I almost asked if she wanted to get out and pee as well but based on her response it didn't sound like she would be okay with it. Brandy also seemed bitchy and I didn't care if she had to suffer a few more minutes. When I dropped them off all of the girls gave me a generous amount of gas money and I pulled away to the back of the motel and rubbed myself through my jeans until I came and then went home.

