Bus desperation

Author: TJC

*000*2014-11-22 19:16

This is a story that happened to me a short while ago. I was taking the bus home one day when a girl got on the bus. She was quite attractive, slim build, kind of dark skin, and appeared about 17-18 years of age. Her and a group of friends sat down not too far from me. (This was a stop near a school so I guess that's how she and so many of her friends got on at the same time) After a couple minutes of casual conversation I heard her exclaim how she had to pee. Naturally, my attention shifted to her. At first there wasn't really much going on, she just continued talking normally, but a few minutes later things got interesting. She exclaimed how she really needed to pee and how her bladder was killing her. Her friends teased, describing water flowing, waterfalls etc. This seemed to really agitate her and seemed to increase her desperation greatly. She began really holding herself and crossing her legs, with worry in her face.

The teasing ceased as her friends soon got of at their stops. It was just her, desperate as all hell. At this point she was squirming in her seat and I was aroused beyond belief. She continued holding herself for about half an hour longer. (I guess she had to go to the other side of town too.) My stop came up and I rang the bell. Miraculously she got off too. I saw her pull out an empty bottle and rush to a near by alley. I didn't follow her. (Though I really wanted to, but it would have been creepy.) Needless to say that was my most memorable bus trip ever.

