Helping a drunk girl

Author: tgerald

*000*2014-06-19 16:20

When I was in school, I went to a house party at a friends parent's place. His parents just happened to be out of town. As was almost required at the time, we had a party.

Now my friend has two sisters. One was a year behind us in school and one was 3 years behind us. I typically tried to go to these parties without a date for obvious reasons. Unfortunately this time, I had a semi steady relationship with this girl and couldn't get out of taking her along.

As the night wore on, people started getting a bit smashed and eventually going off to different rooms and crashing. I was lucky enough to score my friends parents bedroom after promising to be careful not to leave any evidence of us being there.

My girlfriend and I retired to the room and basically fucked our brains out for the next hour or so. After I was done, I went over to the bathroom next door to pee as is usual following sex. When I got in there, there was this girl that was a friend of my buddies sister. She was obviously drunk and trying to remove her contacts. Being a contact wearer myself, I was able to assist her. Then she said she had to pee and slurred something about needing help with that. At first I was like, "YES". Then I thought about my girlfriend in the next room so I said, "hang on". I peeked my head in the room and heard her snoring softly so I thought, ok. I mean if she wakes up and catches me, I was just doing a good dead right?

So I go back over and this other girl was just standing there holding on to the counter. I walked in and closed the door as entered. I turned her towards me and said, "hold on to my shoulders" as I bend and pulled her shorts and underwear down. Being the 80's, there was a whole lotta bush going on but it was obvious this girl was a very natural blonde with light hair. I could see her pink lips just pointing out of that golden bush.

I guided her over to the toilet and sat her down and knelt on my knees in front of her. I didn't have to worry about keeping her legs spread apart for a view as she was way past modesty. It only took a second until I saw that wonderful stream part her pretty pink lips and splash into the bowl below.

I don't know how long it lasted but i waited until it completely stopped dripping. I asked her if she wanted me to wiper her or if she wanted to do it herself. She slurred something that I took for, go ahead. I made sure to do a first rate job.

Then I got her up, got her pants on and took her over to her friends room and laid her on the bean bag chair. I made sure to put a garbage can right next to her just in case but oddly enough she didn't need it.

As you can imagine, I was extremely turned on by all of this but was not going to take advantage of someone in that state so I did the next best thing. I went back to my girlfriend, woke her up and proceeded to fuck the living shit out of her. We slept for about 2 hours and I woke her up and fucked the shit out of her again.

The next day my friend asked me what the deal was as he heard me banging half the night. I said, "i dunno, just in the mood I guess". He instructed me to make completely sure everything was cool in his parents room, which I did. Until now, no one was ever the wiser.

