My little fun

Author: Luna

*000*2013-12-13 02:50

For the past month or two, I havent been involved in any wetting activity since I was really busy. It was getting harder to find a decent amount of time doing what I want, like desperation and wetting. It was also a period of lowering my suspicion that I think people might of had of me, I don’t know of they did but I always have a bad feeling when I do it in secret. But anyways, I luckily found a decent chunk of time that I had free and no one to bother me in.

So, it starts off around 11am and its been around 2 hours since I’ve eaten breakfast. I had a large glass of milk, I already thought ahead so I didnt go to the bathroom in the morning. My bladder wasn’t that full even thought I didnt go, I would probably say it’s a little bit more than half filled or 3/5 filled. I was wearing my dark blue skinny jeans, blue underwear and a normal t-shirt, It wasnt anything fancy like my other wetting stories. As they left before 11, I quickly went to the kitchen to drink a large glass of water and went back to my room on the computer.

I decided that since these events happen so rarely I should spice it up a little, so I took out my bullet vibrator that was hidden in my closet. Even though i was alone my hands were shaking a little as if I shouldn’t do it or its a bad idea, I unbuttoned my jeans, placing my hand into my panties and inserted it. I tucked the controller on the side of my underwear since there wasnt any convenient place to put it, then I buttoned the jeans back up. I havent turned the bullet on yet because I wanted to wait till i’m fuller, so I went to get another large glass of water.

It was around midday when I begin to feel desperate from the milk and water I’ve drunk, I would probably say i was around 4/5 filled. I realized I’ve begun to be more fidgety and moving my thighs up and down more often. So I tried to distract myself by reading at the 1st, it helped for a little while until I was unable to read at a decent pace. I changed to watching videos since it was easier than reading, but I soon had to stop that completely too.

The time was around 12:45 when I took the controller out and turned it on low. As soon as it was turned on, I clenched myself. This distracted some of the pressure on my bladder, but I was frozen holding myself on the seat. My breathing was also really loud. After a minute or two, the pressure came back and I quickly turned the speed up. I began to clamp my thighs together tightly, as I was really desperate even with the vibrating. I knew if it kept going I’m going to wet my seat in my room, which I didn’t want so I began to stand up slowly. 

My legs were tightly squeezed together as I stood up. I started to squirt in front of the computer, so I turned the vibe to highest and tucked it into the side of my jeans then ran for the toilet. Luckily my room is next to the bathroom so I made it easily. But while I was running, I uncontrollably squirted. As I reached the bathroom, I jumped into the bathtub. I waited around 20 seconds before I climaxed into my underwear and jeans. I started squirting pee out then it slowly became one stream down my legs.

My skinnies after the fun

*009*2013-12-15 00:23

Haha, thanks for all the nice comments everyone, it was a good use of my free time. :)

