Hide and seek

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-08-08 21:38

Another one from my archive

Ranpalan -- I'm assuming this is only poop desperation and messing. In case it isn't, please mark the beginning and end of the poop part.

###

It was a friend of mines sixth birthday the day I saw a girl wetting her self for the second time. I remember this as it were yesterday. The reason is simple. It was the first time I had ever seen a girl poop in her pants also.

The day started out like any normal Saturday with the early morning cartoons and the weetabix with sugar and warm milk breakfast. I was looking forward to Andrew's birthday party. It was going to start at noon. When the cartoons had stopped and the breakfast was done I went over to my closest friend's house and we started to plan what to do at the party. Andrew had a large and long garden with lots of possibilities. We both agreed that it was an ideal garden for playing hide and seek in. Shortly after we had agreed on what to do my mother called me in. It was time for my bath. When I was finished it was time to go. It was a lovely day and when we came to the house Andrew's mother said that we were going to have the entire party outside. It was much to nice out to be indoors.

After giving Andrew the present and hanging of the jacket I was ready to play a bit before we ate. We where a nice little group of 12 boys and 9 girls jumping and running about in the enormous garden, My friend and I started to organise the party games and run the show like we always did. We had just started a game of "stuck in the mud" when Andrew's mother announced that the food and cakes and ice cream were ready in that order. The food was, as usual, hotdogs and we stuffed are faces. This was the first time I heard Andrew's mother telling Andrew's little sister Kelly to take it easy on the food.

I didn't take too much notice of it then, but when I heard it the second time I remembered the first. We were stuffing are faces with cake at the time. When Kelly's mother went to get the ice cream I heard her telling Andrew to se that Kelly didn't eat too much cake. This really spiked my interest. I talked to Andrew an he told me that his sister had had diarrhoea for the past couple of days and was finally recovering, but if she ate to much cake and other sweets she might get it back again. I had to ask him if she had had any accidents and he said that she had stunk out the whole house, but he didn't se her have any accidents and she certainly wouldn't tell him if she did.

She was five, but already the real lady. One could wonder if she was a child or a doll. She had natural curly blond hair, cut down to her shoulders and today she was wearing a sky blue dress with a ribbon around her waist. She was also very proud and a bit stuck up I guess, the opposite of her brother in other words. As I was talking to Andrew I kept an eye on Kelly and noticed that she was stuffing her face with cake like there was no tomorrow, now that her mother had gone. The ice cream came and the same happened.

When Kelly's mother was taking out the remains of the cakes she stuffed her face with ice cream. She must have eaten a least the same amount as me, and I was about ready to burst. The combination of fizzy lemonade and the cake and ice cream was like a drug for us kids. After less than ten minuets of rest we were all ready to run around like crazy again. Starting again where we left off with stuck in the mud. After an hour or so with this game we changed to playing hide and seek.

This version was simple a box in the middle was the "jail". When someone was seen, we would race to the jail. If the one hiding reached the jail first he/she would yell bustout and the prisoners would go into hiding again. If the seeker was first he/she would yell the name of the person is busted. I was the seeker this time. Finding 21 people (Kelly was also playing) was no simple task in the enormous garden. After about an hour I had found and jailed 18.

The next one I found was Kelly. I heard some soft moans from a bush a ways down the garden and crept silently towards the bush. Spotting Kelly squatting under the bush I had to fight the urge to yell her name and run for the jail. A split second before I lost control and yelled I noticed that she was rocking backwards and forwards and letting out moans now and again. Seeing this got me excited. I must have lost my concentration for a moment because she saw me and started to run towards the jail. She sprinted like a real sprinter and I had a real tough time trying to real in some of the head start she had got.

After a little while she suddenly started to slow down and press her thighs together squeezing her buttocks together as she ran. Sensing she was in distress gave me new energy, and I started to catch up to her. A couple more moments passed and I was really gaining on her. Suddenly she stopped still and let out a loader moan. Bending down she grabbed her dress and started to pull it up as she started to run towards the jail again. Her pause had given me time enough to catch up. I was now right behind her and had a great view of her white panties with little red harts and her semi se through white stockings. This mainly because she has wearing her dress around her waist now. For every step she now took I heard a little "Ooo" moan.

It was pretty obvious that she was in dire need of a toilet. She stopped again and held her hand on her buttocks as she squeezed them together. I heard her start to cry softly and I had mixed emotions of excitement and sorrow for her. She had slowed down to an almost standstill now. Having great trouble moving and pressing her buttocks together at the same time.

A few meters from the back door she finally gave up the fight as she burst out crying I saw the first signs of brown on her panties. Slightly crouching she finally gave up the fight against her bowels and let out a very wet fart that came with liquid poop. The sight of this little lady crouching and crying and pooping her little panties transfixed me. The wet brown mess had now spread upwards and downwards and was still farting and hissing its way out into her panties. A bulge was forming and growing as I heard another sound. A loader hissing. Not only was she pooping herself, she was also peeing like Niagara Falls. A stream forced its way through the clothes and shot to the ground between her legs. Her thighs were drenched in a mixture of pee and poop and still more was coming out. After what seemed like an eternity of dreaming the bubble burst as Kelly's voice cried out for mommy.

After a few moments most of the kids had come to see what all the commotion was about and Kelly's mom came out. Seeing the mess her daughter was in she said that Kelly was not going in the house till she had cleaned up a bit. After the initial amazement among us kids wore off the girls started snickering and the boys started laughing. We all stood there and watched as Kelly's mom found the hose pipe and turned the water on. Kelly stood in the same position as her mother hosed her down. She then stripped Kelly naked and hosed her down some more. The poop and pee mixed with the water and ran down her legs.

Adding insult to injury Kelly now had to bend over and spread her buttocks while her mother spray cleaned her bum in front of all us kids. I had the best seat in the house getting a good look at her bumhole and her "peepee" as we kids called the girl's vagina. This caused great laughter and a lot of red cheeks among us kids. After the hosedown Kelly was wrapped in a blanket and rushed up stairs to the bath.

For the rest of the party I was in a dream like state. I hardly remember anything after Kelly's tremendous accident. I remember the entire scene running over and over in my mind and dreaming about it that night. I still enjoy re running the entire scene through my head. And have loved watching girls messing and/or peeing their pants accidentally ever since.

