True story from 6 years ago..

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2011-08-23 08:13

Its been for a while when i last wrote story from here, so iam been busy for working and sorry that i havent been so active in past few months.

Anyway im gonna tell you guys a story which take place about an six years ago, when i was in driving school with my childhood friend, girl. lets call her jonna.(fake name). In those days we were both 17 years old, and because the driving lessons was given in the centre of the city, we was using same ride to get the lessons, her dad was driving us.

It was second last of theory lessons when this incident happened, the lessons normally last about 2 hours. First when we came in the place where us lesson was, we was already few minutes late, then jonna tells to me that she was needing to go bathroom and she asked to me if i can tell the driving teacher that shell come little late today. I was accepting her task and said "offcourse i can do that, go and find bathroom". In that point i wasnt able to not notice how badly she must have to go, she stood her legs tightly glosed and she wiggled little bit.

I wasnt thinking that anymore and when i arrive in the class the teacher asked me wheres jonna, i tell him that she will be little late today, the teacher said okay its ok. i took my place and sat down. Few minutes passed and the door was knocked, the driving teacher opened the door and jonna was stood in the door and apoliges that shes late, then she sat down next to me and i saw in her face that everything isnt okay. "do you find toilet?" i whispered in her ear."yes, but they all were locked up" she whispered back to me. "thats shitty, i whispered to her", but secretly i was enjoying this.

Firs hour was gone and i watch jonna wiggling and crossing and uncrossing her legs rapidly, she was wearing black jeans(quite tight ones),and a top shirt without sleeves, which was also quite tight and showed her breasts line very accurately. She has quite small breast but they were so nicely shaped that i couldnt think anything better, i was noticing that she has really to go now and all what i was thinking was, will she hold it or will she wet her jeans and her nice butt.

The lesson was almost end ,only about 15 minutes was left when she quietly whispered "oh shit..", my eyes was nailed to her, actually them was been atleast for half an hour.. "what?" i whispered to her. She has now her hand on her crotch and both legs was so tightly crossed as they ever can. " i just almost lost it..oh lord..i really lost little.." she whispered, i was in flames. Amazingly she last untill the lesson was end, we stood outside and waited her dad to come lift us. Suddenly her cell phone ringed and she answered it, she talket little in quiet voice and close the phone, "shit..shit..shit this isnt good..oh no.." she almost yelled to me. "what was that?" i asked, "my dad will be late, atleast fifteen minutes, im sure i gonna wet myself, please dont laugh to me if that happens". "i will never laugh at you i promise, cant you go in some bush or something?" i said to her.

"No way, this place have so damn good lights that anybody can see me". Couple of minutes came by and she was almost every second on move and she almost cry, then suddenly she stopped moving and gasped.. "oh no.its coming out..its coming out..oh no.." i watched her and hear little hissing sound and saw a little wet spot on her black jeans growing slowly..

"hiss!" i only heared and the pee was get dripping down her legs, it take an eternity to her finished the peeing and her jeans and her nice butt were completely soaked and i smell her pee, it smell so good to me. " oh no..im 17 this cant happening.." she almost cried.. "it can happen to anyone in any age its nothing to embarresing.." i comforted her. she now smiled a little and told me that its nice that im not laughing to her, i was hugging her and comforting her when i suddenly noticed that my manhood was hard as rock. It wasnt miracle that she noticed that too, smiled and said to me "its nothing embarresing, its normal and can happen any man." i looked her and we both started to laugh insanely.. and what happening after that is completely another story and i wont tell it now.. Anyway hope you liked to me sharing my experiences for best night with my childhood friend..

*003*2011-08-24 07:19

Thanks for comments my coal is to improve my english every day..

