Recent Problems

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2013-02-20 18:55

So this isnt one of my typical posts in this section (with a video and write up and stuff).

As some of you might know, when I was younger I suffered from mixed UI, which led to little leaks during the day and problems at night. I struggled with this for a very long time, and while I discovered my interest in diapers and wetting for pleasure through discovering my sexuality at the same time as dealing with this problem, the problem was very annoying and frustrating.

As those of you who have had similar problems can attest to.

Well anyhow three and a half years ago I had a procedure done which largely solved the problem (botox injection) and since then I have only wet for pleasure, or on nights when I drink too much.

Anyhow I thought my days of UI were over but on Friday I woke up at 3 am to a totally soaked bed, and every night since then save one, I have woken up wet. Although I have started wearing protection again (I worked through my remaining goodnites and am going to have to pick up something else as they have been leaking, hence the whole waking up thing), its horribly frustrating.

I just thought I would share this with you all.

Rach

*006*2013-02-20 23:20

{{ 

Botox treatment doesn't last forever, and it actually lasts a different amount of time in each person. You might need it to be repeated. Ask your physician.

}}

YEah they said initially about three years and it was 3.6 so thats not too bad, its just a huge pee off because 6 months ago I had all my check ups and everything was ok, now I have to wait for a specialist again :(

{{ 

If you stop drinking for a few hours before going to sleep, and pee first, shouldn't that help a lot?

}}

Yeah Ive been doing that and cutting out caffeine etc. the usual stuff, I usually do that anyhow. But well now just more seriously. Thanks for the advice though.

So basically Im seeing my GP in a week and then get a recommendation for a specialist and who knows how long that will take. Basically I need the treatment again but before that they have to do all the sill tests again, and well they suck.

Thanks for the positive support everyone.

