[FtM Trans*] First Bed Wetting!

Author: PrincelyDesire

*000*2013-10-13 07:51

*This was quite some time ago, before my top surgery and such but an enjoyable experience nonetheless. I have quite a few experiences already written up that I posted on Fetlife (if any of you know what this is), so I decided to share it here too! I've been a lurking guest for a long time now and I thought it was finally time I jumped on in! ^^

So, I wet my bed for the first time ever. And it was...amazing. I become incredibly horny at just the memory of it. I've always dreamed of wetting my pants, laying there in bed, it gushing out of me and the waves of pleasure. I find that laying down when your bladder is screaming for relief is probably one of the most torturous things you could ever do to it. And I love it.

Everybody had gone to bed, that is, everyone but me. And I was sitting at my computer. By this point, I had easily drank over 2L of pop, coffee, and water. And I was still drinking. I was busy writing and chatting with friends online, and well, you know how it is. You're busy at your computer and you feel your full bladder twinge with need, you say oh just this one more thing, just need to do this first - and you find yourself swept up in the magic of the internet. Well, I fell into that trap.

So I was sitting there, legs open, and I felt a wave of pressure, and my bladder was full. Actually, it was very full. I was surprised! But I wanted to finish this one thing. Half an hour passed and another wave hit me and I felt a drops escape. I bent a bit with a gasp and crossed my legs. But no, I'm fine, just let me finish this. An hour passed and I was rocking in my seat, tensing my thighs hard, tensing my bladder muscles with all my might as I felt all that piss push hard on my urethra.

I repositioned myself so that my legs folded under me and I sat on my feet. My hand traveled down my stomach, under my tight black muscle shirt, to the hem of skinny jeans. I could feel the hard roundness of my incredibly full bladder. But I know my limits, I knew I could wait. But what I wasn't aware of was just how much I had been drinking and by sitting at my computer, I had absentmindedly been drinking a lot more water. Unaware of this, believing in the strength of my bladder, I decided I would finish this one last thing and then go to the washroom and then bed.

But half an hour later and I shifted my legs - a bad a idea. A long hot spurt escaped my pussy into my underwear. I gasped and groaned, and one of my hands gripped my crotch. Shaking, I realized at that moment, I didn't have much time. Panting, I carefully stood and moaned as I did, all that piss pressing forward again. But I winced, clenched and stood. I shuffled to the bottom of the stairs, oh the stairs! I don't know how I managed, my hand stuffed in my crotch, clenching with all my will, I made it up the stairs.

Naturally, not only was I was desperate to piss, I had become desperate to cum. Because, naturally, I love desperation and wetting, just love it. It makes me so hot, I can't even think straight. It makes me do dangerous things. ;) Which is always fun.

So, as I reached the top of the stairs with my pussy all wet from both piss and lust, I got an idea. I shuffled into my bedroom, closed the door behind me, and got ready. I spread out a thick old sweater and several towels on my bed. Mostly because I don't have a mattress cover yet, otherwise I wouldn't have cared. I grabbed the belt off my dresser. Suddenly, a huge wave of pressure hit me and I moaned. I gripped my crotch but the stream still continued. I wet myself for a good ten seconds before I managed to stop it. My tight skinny jean's crotch was soaked up and around my ass and to the tops of my thighs. My bladder throbbed with need for relief, as did my clit.

Pulling the belt through the loop holes on my jeans, I took a breath and tightened as much as it could go. I danced hard, squirmed, and gripped my crotch. I was writhing on the spot as the buckle pushed hard against my overwhelmingly full bladder. Hobbling over to my bed, I crawled in. And with a deep breath, I managed to lay back.

The utter agony of laying down completely straight, pulling all my muscles out, and the buckle pressing further in - it was all too much. With a loud moan, it didn't matter what I did. I clenched, I gripped, I tensed and tried to squirm, but it began. My bladder burst and I gushed hard. There was a loud hissing sound as my stream violently rushed out of me, soaking into my pants and the towels. I moaned and arched. My stream was going strong, it seemed to go on forever. I couldn't wait any longer, I gripped my crotch, still wetting, and rubbed my clit through them hard. I relished the heat of my pour fluids soaking into my throbbing lips and swollen clit.

I came so hard, I had to stifle a yell and reduced moans. The feeling of the scenario was absolutely incredible. Omg. I have never felt anything like that. And I can't wait to do it again. ;)

