Coming home desperate

Author: veronique

*000*2014-02-14 10:20

I want to share a desperation experience I made a few days ago. (sorry no native speaker)

I was out for a meeting at a bar with some clients. I drank water and wine and didn't go to the bathroom during the meeting.

After the meeting was finished the clients said goodbye and I quickly walked to the ladies and at this time I really had to pee. Because I know the barkeeper I went back to the counter afterwards and didn't go home at once.

Again I had 0,5 liters wine (mixed with water) and we talked another hour. When I took a look at the watch I was really surprised, it was near 1 a.m. and I paid and left. A short moment I thought about using the loo because I felt my bladder filling up but it was only a ten minutes drive to my home and also i felt in a hurry and didn't want to waste time (ridiculous because it would only have taken 2-3 minutes)

I went to the carpark and the cold didn't help my need. I found out that I was getting desperate to pee. I drove to my home and driving distracted myself a bit but my bladder area was getting really hard and my pants were getting tight.

At home I had to search a parking lot and being so close to relief my need increased rapidly and had to fidget hard to control my bladder. After what seemed an eternety I found a place to park the car. I climbed out and standing made things worse. Not enough, I had to place the cover of the windshield to protect it from freezing because otherwise in the morning you have to work with the ice scraper. Fumbling the cover onto the windshield delayed me again and by now I really had to pee.

I walked to the entrance and pressed my hands into my pockets. My bladder was absolute bursting now.

Climbing up the stairs was torture and I nearly couldn't beare the pressure. My bladder was full and hard and hurting every step I made. I opend the door, kicked off my shoes and jacket while squiming in desperation. I was about to went in the bathroom when my boyfriend called from the living room. I stoppen and was surprised that he didn't sleep already and said Hi to him and wanted to walk on. He came out of the room and put his arms around me. We had a argument before and he wanted to say sorry. That would have been nice but I was bursting to pee. He kissed me and stroke my back. I tried to free myself but he held my tight and I crossed my legs.

He said something like "Hey babe, I love you and I know I was wrong." I had to interrupt him because I was about to pee myself. I was so desperate I pushed him away hard and said sorry but I really have to pee. He tried to kiss me again but I said: Please, I'm about to pee myself and he let me go. I had to press between my legs now because I felt otherwise I really would have wet my pants. I never had to hold myself in front of my boyfriend. I rushed into the bathroom, closed the door, somehow pulled my pants down sat on the toilet and at once pee was coming out with a powerful stream and a loud hissing sound. I needed about two minutes to empty.

As I went out my boyfriend said: It sounded like it was a real emergency.

It was the first time ever he said something about peeing. Maybe he had enjoyed that. I dont know. But I know it was really a close thing. Maybe it was the wine which let the need increase so rapidly. Normally I am in good bladder control.

