Overnighter

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2012-07-14 15:48

So, I tried to make myself wet the bed. It was largely unsuccessful, but it was still pretty fun.

It started about ten last night, when I drank a couple of glasses of water and decided to hold the pee. On top of what was already there, I was aching to go about midnight, and after a quick burst in my underwear, I decided that it just was not good enough. So, I drank three more cups of water and laid down, trying my best to relax and get to sleep. I got pretty close, but my relaxion was hampered by the need to pee, so I got up, wet myself in just the underwear, wrung them out, put them back on, and jumped back into the shorts for an attempt at more sleep. The shorts, you see, are to protect against a drbble because I dont really want to ruin my bedding and, honestly, I did not expect to be able to wet.

Thrice more that was repeated, and although I was dead tired and spent after two furious masterbations, I still could not get to sleep. It must have been about four in the morning when I gave up and sat in the tub, bladder filled to the brim, and this time, at least, I was resolute in the fact that I would lose something.

It did not take long before my bladder was pulsing, although, to be honest, I was not fihting it very hard, and after fighting wave after wave of surges, my bladder finally gave in, much to my shock, and soaked my shorts ad the tub. I masterbated again, as thepulses had done some pretty serious arousal work, and halfway through I decided that I would still try and sleep and, if not wet, at least hold up the outfit until morning, where I would wet again and then shower. So, I took my blanket off of the bed and replaced it ith one of those element proof sleeping bags, which I curled up in cozily like a soggy butterfly in a drab beige cocoon.

Falling alseep was fairly easy this time around, and at eight my parents awoke, and I with them. My bladder was filled again - I was glad, now, that I drank all that water, even if only got four hours of sleep - so I waited for them to vacate the hall and the bathroom before I slunk out of my room, still wearing mostly wet shorts, hopped in the tub, and waited out the storm. I was too strong, though, so I ran the tub for a moment and splashed some warm water on my feet and arched my back. Almost instantly I was hit with overwhelming urges, and it was all I could do to hold on for a couple of minutes, but, as was inevitable, the floods swept me away.

After the cleanup, I think diapers might be a good investment for me to make.

