Bed wetting

Author: sephirothtx

*000*2012-07-19 17:53

So as the story continues, as the years went buy, after peeing myself that one time I continued to do it at home, some times in pjs, sometimes in pants, I got braver in public, then I met my next love. I seem to attract dirty sex addicts, we fell in love, and over time, I admitted my fetish to her. Like my last she started with peeing on me in the shower, especially after we moved in together. Then the unplanned happened, and we had a child.

The first time me and pee where in bed together, it wasn't my own urine. We where bored one night after kid was asleep, and I talked her into doing it. We stripped and got frisky, we had no bed protectors but we had an old torn up thing that was used to change diapers on, if was about to be thrown, so we used it anyway. She placed it below is, and kneeled over my chest. She said she was just going to tinkle,and tried, I could see her muscles working amd new she was working against years of training, luckily I got what I wanted.

She spritzed, and the flood gate opened, what was s tinkle turned into a pour, warm gold liquid on my chest flowed down my belly and sides, by the time she wax done I was thoroughly soaked and the room smelled of pee. Luckily most of what flowed off of me stayed on the pad, and the bed was only a little wet.

As years went by our relationship fell to the wayside, as is my luck. One weekday, my son is with her on weekdays, I felt the want and pull to wet my bed, I now had a queen, and a mattress protector, I had bought then in hopes of finding a wetting partner. Despite my now years practice I felt what I had the first time I had actually wet, the embarrassing urge that what was happening was all too wrong. I sat for what seemed like hours, I almost just got up and went to the bathroom , finally I lied my head down closed my eyes and forced everything to relax.

After only seconds I felt my crotch warm, but only a spritz, like I do out in public, so trying to keep relaxed I pushed on that full feeling on my dick, and I felt the warmness' spread around my briefs and onto my bottom, it pooled, first around my butt and then spread, to about the area of my knees and mid back, first warm and good smelling, but quickly cooling im the ac. Even when I finished the comforter I was under dripped back onto me, it was hot. Then o was no longer home alone, I had moved back in with my mother die to monetary restraints of dead end retail jobs, and I could hear her high heels clicking around downstairs. Hoping she wouldn't check on me for some off reason, she usually doesn't, I curled up in my mess and slept early rather than explain why I was covered in pee.

