What I Love About Being A Bed wetter

Author: DiminishingReturns

*000*2013-02-14 05:45

Ok so you will notice I didn't call this topic "What I love about wetting the bed" right? Because most of my wettings, 9 out of 10 I would say are completely and totally unintentional. So I started this topic mostly for the few actual bedwetters out there to comment, based on my own personal experiences. I wanted to start this thread because I have seen a few different bedwetting threads. How long did you do it? Do you do it? etc.

This is more of an "I do it" outsde of my own control and how I made it not just something I can handle and accept, but something I enjoy and am coming to look forward to. ANYONE is free to post comments of corse, bedwetter or otherwise. Prospective wetter, want to wetter, hates the idea of wetting, whatever. This is just me, and I will likely update with anecdotes, experiences and pics.

Sooooo with that said, the title of this thread was based on an exercise I kind of created for myself. When I realized the accidental wettings were happening more often than I would like (2 times a week or so) I needed to fight the worry, shame and humiliation that came with it. I won't use this thread to detail the long and laborios quandary that was or describe the back and forth, I will only list te conclusions and results.

So if I was going to accept this and the fact that it wasn't going away, and in fact, it seemed to be making its warm and sensually uncontrollable presence known more often I had to put it into some kind of perspective or at least compartmentalize these feelings. How so? I made a list. What are the pro's of wetting one's bed? This list started kid of coalescing as I became more accepting of wearing night time protection btw, but I suppose could constantly apply, since there are many nights I don't.

1. I don't have to worry about what, or how much I drink before bed because I am going to likely wet regardless - Freedom!

2. I don't have to worry about going pee before bed. (Note, I still brush my teeth cause that is just one of those things :p )

3. If I wake up needy, I don't have to get up to go pee, I can stay in bed, surrender to the ultimate feeling of need, and go back to sleep, more deeply relaxed than a non wetter could ever know or dream.

If I am in bed and wanting to fall asleep, once more I can stay in bed. I can wet myself to sleep which is an insanely deep comfort.

And frag it all to drek, I have work calling so must finish my list later. BBS anyone who might be interested.

*002*2013-02-14 08:25

Time to update:

Ok this is where it becomes abstract and subjective. I am coming to realizw, I like pullups. Why? Well they are terribly comfortable. Like, snuggly, and wrapping and cute. Cute I think is the big one. When I wear them I feel cute, and safe and sucure but mostly comfy? I hope others have some thoughts on this. It is simply a matteer of knowing I can give up any part of the evil control, or worry, everything will just be warm until .......

Enter diapers. I have recently discovered Abena L4's. Ok so umm I am not a huge fan of diapers, and I don't feel remotely cute when I wear them BUT, they are comfy, I cannot deny it. If I fall asleep, it doesn't matter for how long. When I wake, no matter wat has happened, my jammies are usually, and my bed is almost always dry. How can I argue with that?

Alll these other people have to worry abot getting up to pee, going before bed, etc, and all I have to do is go to sleep, without a worry or a care. How delicipusly awesome is that?

*004*2013-02-14 16:51

{{:

I wish I could get some diapers because even getting out of bed makes it hard to go back to sleep for a whole hour, so waking up to pee really sucks.

Plus yeah that feeling of right after you pee is the most relaxing thing for sure.

}}

I agree. When I was younger I never really woke and just peed because I didn't want to get out of bed, but now, I typically do. My thought is, if I had stayed asleep, it would happen anyways, so what is wrong with surrendering to the needs of my body? It feels like, sleep wetting is the most natural thing for a person to do, and the subconscious longs to rediscover it. The warmth, the release, the deliciousness of it all makes drifting back to sleep quite easy.

