Had too much to drink...

Author: Spitfire16

*000*2012-11-14 04:51

So last Saturday, I was at my boyfriend's house and he asked me if I would put on a diaper and maybe wet it later. It was around 7pm and it has been getting dark at like 6.Well the new season three episodes Of my little pony had come on so we decided to watch them they were and hour long with commercials. But I had been drinking lots of water. I had already drank two bottles of water and filled one back up to drink.

About 20 minutes til the end, I'm squirming in my seat with my had jammed between my legs, trying yo hold myself. I stand up and pull my boyfriend over to my chair and sit in his l. I wrap his arms around my wast and tighten them. He gets the hint and starts squeezing me..I try to relax and let go but it wasn't working. Then we hear the back door open, and his dad walks in and sits behind us and starts playing on his computer. Yuki drops his arms from my waist and looks pretty natural. Unlike me... i was trying my hardest to not squirm or wiggle around. I was at a 9.9. After it was over his mom walks in and says your brother in law wants to put out our fire your squirt gun. Could you go get it? He says yeah and we go up stairs, where its at, and where we could have some privacy... i stay up there as he runs doen the stairs and rushes to fill it up. While i am waiting, i start dancing around clutching myself, trying not to lose it before he gets before he gets back.

Soon, i hear him climbing the stairs. he sees me and understands immediately and grabs the remote and turns the TV on. he grabs my waist and pulls me down on his lap and squeezes me. hard. Instantly, I am able to let go, and I start wetting the pull up. when I am almost done, I feel a warmth start to spread foreword on my legs... I jump up, my face going red and look at his lap. it had a big wet spot Where I had been sitting. he grabs his jacket and holds it in front of his waist and tells me to go change. I run to the bathroom in the next room over as he walks down stairs. I close the door and look at my butt in the mirror. the area around the seam had the worst part of it. since I had been wearing dark gray sweat pants, you couldn't tell unless you were looking for it. I sit on the toilet to completely finish what I had done.

