I finally accidentally peed myself! (Asexual Omorashi)

Author: exu

*000*2014-07-10 05:12

Hello. I've decided to post about the amazing omorashi experience I had today.

NOTE: I'm asexual and I'm not into sexual/foreplay stuff. While I can't tell you what to do (hey, this is your site and it's a free country), I would prefer that any responses to me and my experience not be "sexual" in nature. (i.e. I would prefer "I enjoyed the story" or "The story was boring" or "Have you ever tried wetting in a skirt?" to "That made me horny.") I don't and can't respond to sexual comments like a person who isn't asexual, so it's a waste of time and energy. Thanks in advance.

On to my story:

I'm obsessed with the idea of uncontrollably wetting/peeing oneself, so since I was alone at home today, I decided to try to do that.

I have been reading a lot of accidental wetting experiences and something I've noticed is that caffeine/diuretics are often a huge factor in them. I've also been reading about how caffeine irritates the bladder, causes bladder spasms, causes incontinence, etc. So, I've been experimenting with caffeine recently instead of just drinking water. However, even though caffeine made me desperate very quickly, I was still not able to make myself pee myself. I'd only start uncontrollably peeing after I deliberately made myself release pee first. The closest I got to peeing myself was earlier this week (however, I was only able to dribble a little bit and then my bladder stopped releasing urine. I decided to just pee the rest of it out since I was already slightly wet and my bladder was uncomfortable).

Anyways, I started drinking water at around 2 PM today. (I also drank a chocolate nutrition shake so that I could have some food/calories/nutrients inside of me) Unfortunately, because of the greasy food I ate yesterday and the fact that a lot of water always moves my bowels, I had to keep extending my holding and wetting time on account of having to poop.

At 3:50 PM, I drank half of a drink called SK energy shot (bought a 6-pack from Walmart) which gave me about 140 mg of caffeine.

Finally, at around 5:50 PM, I was ready to hold. I thought about wetting between 7:30 PM - 8:00 PM.

I continued to drink water and at around 6:40 PM, I downed the rest of my SK energy shot (giving my body a total of 280 mg of caffeine). I was starting to get super desperate, so I put a black trash bag on the carpet, put two Depend disposable underpads (these are really good; I found them at Walmart, too) on top of the bag, and changed into my green undies, purple shirt, bright red sweatpants and some old white tennis shoes that I was planning on throwing away (I've never wet in shoes before, so I wanted to try something new.)

By 7:00 PM, I had drunk slightly over 1500 ml of water and I was feeling full so I stopped drinking and took a brief break to walk around and make myself burp/feel less full. My bladder was doing that thing where it was so full of lightweight urine that it was numb. I have the kind of bladder where the more I drink, the tighter everything gets, making it hard to even make myself pee. Nonetheless, because I was so full of pee, my lower parts were automatically clenching up. I deliberately relaxed my sphincter muscles to see if I could make some pee dribble out. Nothing happened. I knew I needed to pee, but I realized that an uncontrollable wetting was not going to happen and I would just wait until 7:30 PM and pee myself then.

However, I suddenly had an idea. I decided that I would open a new SK energy shot, drink a little bit of it, and see if that could cause me to accidentally pee myself. I was kind of concerned about that because I don't want to get too much caffeine (I've read that one shouldn't go over 400 mg of caffeine per day and I would be getting close to that amount in such a short amount of time), but I thought "Fuck it." I decided to stand on my underpads "just in case" (I wasn't expecting to uncontrollably pee myself, but I always get on the underpad when I have to pee really bad and it's close to my designated wetting time), I hit "Record" on my camera, and I finished drinking my water bottle.

At 7:10 PM, I opened a bottle of the SK energy shot and started to take very small sips of the stuff. I'd take a tiny sip, put the bottle down. Take a tiny sip, put the bottle down. I was like, "Huh. Nothing's happening. Maybe it'll all hit me later." I took one more tiny sip. I had the bottle in my hand and I started to space out a little bit when I felt warm liquid pouring out of my nether regions. It took a second or two for me to realize that I was full on peeing myself. "Oh my god I'm peeing myself!" I thought. I was in shock. I was so thankful that I had decided to stand on the underpads just in case! Like, even if I had been standing right next to my underpads, I would have accidentally made a small puddle on the carpet before hopping onto the underpads. (It would have been exciting while it was happening, but not afterwards).

I was peeing a fast and steady stream. I could see the pee hitting my white shoes and making a larger and larger stain on the underpads. Because I hadn't been expecting to actually wet myself, my legs were pressed together so I couldn't really see the pee coming out of me. I had to open my legs to see the pee coming down. Sadly, the red sweatpants weren't too tight, they absorbed too much pee, and the color wasn't too good for seeing pee, so they made it hard for me to see the pee going down my legs. (Plus, the pee was making the dye come off of the pants and onto the underpads, which made my pee look kind of like it was mixed with blood. Not a fan of that. LOL.)

From the time I started peeing, I tried to stop the pee (I like to stop and start the pee.) but it was like the lower half of my body was disabled save my bladder. I was even clenching my hands! 30 seconds in to my peeing, I could feel my sphincter trying to close but my bladder was not having it. It was tired of fighting and just wanted to relax. It was like the energy shot was the final punch my bladder needed to unlock itself. LOL. All this time, I had wondered what it was like to lose control of one's bladder. I didn't "get" how one could just uncontrollably full on wet themselves and not be able to stop peeing and now I knew!

I had to have peed for at least 1 minute and I was in absolute bliss at the fact that my bladder had taken control of my body. My favorite part was when I had to put the cap back on my energy drink bottle and set it down on the bed all while still uncontrollably peeing myself. And, of course, the fact that I went from fully dry to fully wet. (I thought that I would spurt a bit before fully wetting. LOL.)

Finally, after what felt like at least 60% of the pee in my bladder had left my body, I regained control over my sphincter. I looked down at my pants and it was blatantly obvious that I had peeed myself. I loved it. After I got control over my bladder, I didn't feel really desperate anymore. I did release the rest of the pee, though, and that was fun.

I spent the next 30 minutes re-peeing my pants and then I hit the "Stop" button on my camera and cleaned up. After that, I watched the recording on my camera. As I alluded to above, unfortunately, I couldn't see much pee when I was uncontrollably wetting because of my stupid pants decision but it was fun to watch myself genuinely surprised that I was peeing myself.

I am so elated that I was able to have this experience instead of doing the "pretend wetting" that I always do. I plan to try this again later on this week or next week. Next time, I'm going to wear tight blue or tan jeans/pants/shorts so that I can better feel and see the urine. I'm also going to go shoeless again. I've got to be careful not to get addicted to this. LOL.

Thanks for reading.

*002*2014-07-10 06:08

AD51, that's a good question.

When it comes to having a full bladder and wetting, I just mainly like the feeling. I like the "filling up" aspect. I like the simplicity of it all. I like the "losing control" aspect. I like the feel of urine. I like the patterns that flowing urine makes. I like the ability of the body to make such huge quantities of liquid. I like the universal nature of having to pee. I guess it is slightly arousing, but barely (like, I can't "get off" on wetting).

*005*2014-07-11 06:02

Selena Luna, thanks. I'm glad you liked the story. :D Hopefully someday you will be able to wet involuntarily.

@jackthestripper, thanks. I'm glad you liked the story. :D Thanks for the advice as well.

*008*2014-07-12 09:20

@jkanau, glad you liked the story. :D I feel the same way.

JeniM1991, glad you liked the story. :D Thanks for the advice. I've tried that technique two times, but I didn't have a lot of time to hold so I wasn't able to uncontrollably wet (I did notice it was harder to hold it all in, though. LOL.) I'll probably try that technique again next week when I will have more time. (It's definitely healthier than chugging caffeine. LOL)

*010*2014-07-12 12:55

@antifairy, to answer your questions: Besides wetting, I'm also into non-wetting desperation, especially when it leads up to the person peeing. (If it's a visual scene, I usually prefer that the person's genitalia is obscured in some way) I'm also fascinated with the concept of women peeing standing up (naturally or with a device). I've been practicing the natural method on and off. I like movies, shows, art/comics/manga, and fanfiction that contain these scenarios.

How I view omorashi? I like the vulnerability and human-ness of it (Like, no matter who you are, you have the need to pee eventually).

Does that answer all of your questions? :D

*013*2014-07-13 09:52

@docsteve, thanks. Glad you liked the story. :D

JeniM1991, that's awesome that you relate to my views. I love it when I can find someone who feels the same way. :D

*015*2014-07-14 08:43

Borden Dazed, thanks for your kind words. :D

