Carol and Fran

Author: Franny

*000*2013-05-27 21:56

Oh, and Wow! This is a first for me, a hold contest that I won!! As a person with a notoriously weak urinary system, I have not dared to get into many such contests and the ones I've been in, I've lost. But yesterday I had an "accidental" reunion with a girl named Carol, whom I had known from the small college we both went to but hadn't seen for about 5 years. Carol was somewhat, um, unstable, let me say that about her. Not a bad person, in fact a cute blond who always liked me, but she had some quirky things about her, among them being that she is one of only two girls I have known who genuinely had some trouble from time to time keeping her pants dry. I have been planning to tell this board about Carol but have postponed it because it will be a long story.

Anyway, about yesterday. Not such a long story. I saw her walking down the street and we met, kissed and hugged. She told me she is in town to begin graduate school (oh wow, I was fairly surprised that she was able to get through her freshman year, which is when I knew her, and now she's actually made it to grad school. Amazing!) -- she will start in the summer session. I guided her over to a bar I know well, just a block away. Knowing her in the past, I was certain she wouldn't object if I bought her a drink, and she didn't. She was never one to turn down beer or a cocktail.

She went to the ladies room as soon as we arrived, which gave me the idea to start a sort of secret hold contest. So I went to the bathroom also. Then we sat and had some drinks. We both opted for beer, not my usual but I went for it when she ordered it. We had a lot of catching up to do, so we talked and talked for a fairly long while, ordering more beer as we did. I was afraid she would want to get up for the bathroom again before I could get her out of there, but she didn't. She had four, I had three, then I took her away and walked her to my little bug car, and told her I wanted to show her something.

I drove us way out of town and into the countryside. She already knew I was bisexual and I knew she was also. I told her about some of my unusual sexploits and she told me about one or two things in her life along those lines. She mentioned that she was feeling a need to pee, and that's when I went ahead and admitted to her that girls having to pee was a sort of fetish of mine. Carol laughed hard at that, she said she had heard of liking that sort of thing. Then I told her I wanted her to see if she could hold out for longer than I could. She thought that was an odd idea but she's the sort of girl who's always up for most anything. So she said she could try it. I promised that if she was embarrassed or grossed out I would turn around and find the nearest bathroom for her --really for us, since I was starting to be in a bad way myself. She said she could go along but not to be surprised at whatever happened.

We had a six pack of beer with us and were each finishing a can of beer at that point in time. It was beginning to be dark, and I pulled over into a deserted looking cul de sac and parked. She let me kiss her and pretty soon we were making out pretty good. She complained that she was nearly desperate and it was hurting. I admitted I was in the same condition. Anyway, this went on for a while, and I started tickling her. Right away I knew I was gonna win, cause she is super ticklish and she just went bonkers. Not to go into every detail, but she ended up opening her car door and climbing out of the car and trying to run away, and I followed behind her. By the time I got up to her she was bent over and shrieking with laughter as she soaked her jeans.

She grabbed me and tried to tickle me. I got away but she caught up to me and tickled me in the ribs. It was desperation city for me too. Actually, I probably could have got away from her and gone over to find a nice tree and gone in back of it, but instead I let go and soaked my own short shorts. It would have happened anyway in another two minutes.

So -- we were both way out in the country with peed-in pants. I hadn't planned for this so didn't have towels or anything in the bug car, so we had to ride back to town soaking wet. Although the girl was embarrassed that this all had happened to her I was a little bit disappointed that she seemed not to have been thunderstruck at the turn of events. I took Carol to my little house and we went inside and took a shower together. That was sexy. She had always been up for most anything so showering with the likes of me wasn't a big deal for her, and neither was peeing her pants. After the shower I loaned her clean stuff of mine to wear, which worked out fine, since we are nearly the same size. She's an inch shorter than me and maybe 10 pounds heavier. In college she didn't weigh more than 100 pounds. Now she was more like 120, while I'm 110 pounds, the same I've been forever.

As I drove Carol to her apartment she asked me what the thing was that I had told her I wanted to show her as we began our drive. I had forgot I had even said anything like that, but quickly I made up the fiction that I had been planning to take her to a naughty night spot in _______ville, a place that really does exist but it's in the opposite direction I was going in. Really, I had just wanted to drive until something wet happened, and it did.

