My best true stories

Author: ilithios

*000*2013-07-31 13:47

In this post I'll recount the best true stories of women peeing that have happened so far in my life. They may not contain events as exciting as a work of fiction could, but I assure you they are 100% true and that should count for something.

#1

I had picked up a girl at the bar the night before and we had gone back to my place and done what people tend to do in that situation... so it was the next morning and I wake up. She is still asleep. We are both still naked. I put on pants and I go to the bathroom to brush my teeth and whatnot. As I'm doing that, she comes into the bathroom. She is still naked. She says she wants to take a shower. In Korea (where this takes place) the entire bathroom is often the shower. Therefore she couldn't start her shower while I was in there partially clothed or the shower would soak my pants. I just tell her to wait a minute and I'd be done. She is dancing around like crazy like she really has to pee. But she keeps insisting to hurry up because she wants to "take a shower." She kept wiggling around like she had to pee.

I wasn't using the toilet and she could pee if she wanted. It's not like we had anything to hide from each other at that point, so I wasn't too concerned about trying to hurry up. But then I noticed that she had stopped wiggling around. And then I notice a very yellow stream slowly trickling into the drain in the middle of the floor. I use the mirror to look at her without it being obvious and sure enough she is standing there with her legs completely closed, peeing slowly down her legs onto the bathroom floor. Like I said, not a big deal because the bathroom is the shower. It's made to get wet. I continue to brush my teeth maybe longer than I usually would so I could stand there and watch her (through the mirror) as she peed. It was very very yellow as I said before so incredibly obvious. Once she finished peeing, I removed the clothing I had put on earlier and suggested we shower together which we did and then repeated the activities from the night before!

#2

This story starts similarly to the last one. In fact, I was even living in the same place. Brought a girl back to my place from the bar. She couldn't speak a word of English, but hey it's not like we were there to have a meaningful conversation. We did what we had come to do and were sleeping next to each other, both naked. I don't tend to sleep all that deeply when there is a practical stranger in my bed, so I woke up when she started turning over and fidgeting around in bed. I just pretended to be asleep, hoping she'd settle down and fall back asleep herself. She kept turning over onto one side then the other. Then turning back over.

Then she kind of stops fidgeting for a bit. I squint one eye open and notice her eyes are completely open and she's kind of examining me or something. I realize now she was probably trying to figure out if I was asleep. I should also probably mention at this point that we had both drank quite a lot that night. I had one eye closed and my other eye barely open to be able to see her and I guess this fooled her well enough that I was indeed asleep because she carefully pulls the covers off of her. She slowly gets out of the bed. Then she squats on the floor right next to the bed and starts peeing loudly on the hard wood floor. If I had been asleep, the loud splattering of pee on my floor would likely have woken me up! She's not even looking at me.

She's looking down, presumably at her pee? So I have my eyes wide open at this point just watching her. I can't see her peeing of course. I can see her from her tits up. I can definitely hear the pee continuing to forcefully splatter on the floor, though. Then the sound starts to die down. I squint my eyes again and pretend to be asleep as she stands up and sits on the bed. She uses my sheet to wipe herself and then lays back down to sleep. In the morning, the puddle of pee had completely dried. I could see white residue where the puddle had been, though. the funny thing is that my apartment was not large. I think she could have found the bathroom well enough if she'd have given it a second's worth of effort. Thankfully, she didn't.

#3

This girl had been my girlfriend for about 6 months. She knew about my fetish but was really shy about peeing in front of me. We were walking home from the bar one night, both drunk. We got to my place. This is a different place than the last two stories. It was a studio apartment. On the walk home she complained frequently about desperately having to pee. This turned out to be somewhat of a mistake on her part :-) It really really got me turned on. When we got to me place, as soon as we walked in the door I started making out with her. She was quite drunk and therefore very receptive and soon she was not wearing any clothes.

But then she suddenly reiterated her need to pee. She went into the bathroom and I followed her in before she could close the door. She asked me to get out so she could pee but I wouldn't do it. I was drunk, horny, and on a mission to see her pee. And yes, I was being somewhat of a dick I suppose. She begged me to get out so she could pee. I closed the toilet lid and sat down on the toilet. I told her she could pee in the shower drain in the floor. Here also, the entire bathroom was the shower. She said she couldn't do that and walked out into the room. She expected me to follow her but I was too sly for that.

I just continued sitting on the toilet. I knew she was incredibly desperate and also drunk and she would relent to peeing in front of me sooner rather than later. When she realized I wasn't going to follow her she came back to the bathroom door and pleaded with me from outside to come out so she could pee. I repeated that she would have to pee in the shower drain if she wanted to go. She pleaded some more but I didn't give. She walked away into the room again where I couldn't see her.

Right outside the door to the bathroom was the kitchen sink, though, so I knew that even if she was desperate enough to pee in the sink, I would still have a front row seat from where I was sitting. I was in the perfect spot. There was no way she could get out of it. I could hear her pacing around the room and occasionally pleading with me to come out so she could pee. She would come back to the door occasionally and plead then walk back into the room. She was constantly moving, walking and fidgeting.

Then suddenly I couldn't hear her pacing anymore. I listened closely. Then tell-tale splattering of liquid on the hard floor! I rushed out of the bathroom and there she was squatted down peeing all over the floor. She yelled at me "don't look!" Oh but I looked alright! I couldn't keep my eyes off of this beautiful spectacle. Then she looked over and noticed that her growing puddle of pee was inching dangerously close to a pile of books on the floor. She exclaims "Oh ya!" which is an exclamation that is still etched in my brain to this day. She just squatted there relatively helpless to do anything about it as pee cascaded out of her and the puddle was getting dangerously close to the books. I grabbed the towel from the bathroom, ran over and placed it as a barrier between the pee and the books. Crisis averted. She continued to pee for some time more. She had really had to go! After she finished peeing, she asked me to get some toilet paper. She wiped and just tossed the toilet paper into the puddle of pee on the floor. I told her I would clean it up later, and we continued our make-out session which gave way to a very passionate night! Later she told me that she had been looking for something in the room she could pee into without me noticing because I was staying in the bathroom. But then she just suddenly had to pee that second and had no choice but to just squat down and go.

Ok, that's all I have for now. Hope you liked it.

