I tried to wet myself "just a little bit" falling asleep. It sort of worked

Author: Sveidi11

*000*2013-07-26 21:55

I went out to the bar with some friends last night and played quite a few rounds of drinking games with beer. Light beer is not something I drink for the taste, but its great when you are trying to keep drinking for a while. After four years of college I can have quite a few without getting too drunk, which means I have to pee many times throughout the night. I do like to wet my pants and the bed even sometimes, but the cleanup usually dissuades me from doing so. Usually when I wet the bed it is just enough to feel wet and make things a bit more fun when I play with myself, but usually enough to not really make it to the mattress. Because of this I don't use anything more than a cloth mattress pad since the waterproof ones are loud and hot at night.

After many beers and a few hours a the bar I decided to head home and stop drinking. I was still fully able to function, and decided to play some video games for a while. I figured I would be smart and drink plenty of water as not to wake up too hung over, and kind of lost count after a couple of tall glasses. After an hour or so of gaming I used the bathroom (again) and got into bed. When I was out in public I wasn't really thinking about having fun with my pee but now all curled up in bed I felt the urge to play a little. I tried to pee a little in bed, but I had just used the bathroom and it takes a while for my bladder to relax when I'm in bed. After a few minutes of trying my tiredness overcame me and I passed out. 

Around 5 AM I felt kind of cold, and realized my entire chest from my shoulders all the way down to me knees was soaked. As much as I like to wet the bed, the nervous rush over losing control and waking up fully wet was crazy. For a few minutes I rolled around and took full advantage of what had happened. Its such a great feeling to have a wet bed squish as you roll around. It was very easy to finish, and I quickly fell asleep again. When I woke up for real, it was almost as if it had never happened. In my sleep I had rolled over to the dry edge of the bed, and with my fan on the sheets appeared dry. Had this all been a dream? I pressed down on the other side of the bed and felt the wetness soak back up from the mattress pad. Shit, it was real.

Thankfully I had had so much water that the pee had almost no smell, and cleanup went pretty quick. It was fun, but it still makes me nervous to think it could happen any time, especially somewhere besides my own bed. Though this is only the second or third time this has happened to me, it seems to only happen when I drink a lot of water before bed and fall asleep trying to pee 'just a little bit'. I guess I got that and then some!

*004*2013-07-29 02:58

{{ 

Do you find that the alcohol makes it possible, or just more probable?

}}

I'm sure the alcohol plays a big role, but most of the effects could be intentionally duplicated. I only drink that much liquid when I'm drinking beer, and I usually only think its a good idea to try to wet the bed when I'm a little drunk and falling asleep. It seems that this only happens when I pee before I get in bed so that I can really relax and try to pee as I'm falling asleep.

