Midnight walk

Author: Seth

*000*2015-02-09 04:27

About an hour ago I had my first deliberate public wetting, and I wanted to share the experience with you all.

For a very long time now I have had the desire to do a public wetting, but I never quite had the guts to actually wet myself outdoors. Tonight, around four a.m. I finally mustered up my courage. It is my personal preference to wet while wearing skirts or dresses, and tonight I selected a loose black woollen dress, black pantyhoses and black and white sneakers. It would be my first time wetting a pantyhose, as well as my first time wetting while wearing shoes, so it was with considerable excitement that I looked forward to what I was about to do. As it was cold outside (below zero) I added to this a battered leather coat. I slipped out the door to my room, trying my very best not to wake my room-mates, tip-toed through the hallway, sneaked down the stairs and out into the darkness of the night.

The air was very cold outside, but also very dry, which made it quite bearable to be out. The sky was completely clear, and the moon shone down brightly, which was for once a downside for me - between the moon and the street lights it would be easy to spot what I was up to. I would have to be sneaky.

I live on a long lane with five-storey apartment buildings on one side and industrial and educational buildings on the other side. I set off towards the non-inhabited part of the street, walking slowly, curious to hear how loud my footsteps sounded in the stillness of the night. Before I went out I'd had several cups of tea and a glass of water, which were now sloshing around nicely in my bladder. I resisted the urge to bend over and dance, though I did squeeze my legs together very tightly as I walked. Letting my desperation get the better of me was not an option.

As I walked, I began bearing down on my bladder very slowly, letting out little bursts of pee. Sometimes I stopped for a moment to allow for a slightly larger spurt, which would warm the area around my crotch as I continued on my walk. My black pantyhoses, being made of a rather non-absorbent synthetic material, did not accurately hide the stains - on the contrary, when a particularly large spurt escaped me little droplets cascaded down my legs and clung to the tight material like candle wax to a candle holder, rather than fading away into it as would have happened with jeans, for example. As there was no one else out, I left the drops where they were, clinging to my leg, slipping down just a little further with every step I took. There were small puddles and drops on the street tiles beneath me now, and I could already feel my shoe beginning to feel a little damp. It was time to take this one step further still.

I turned on my heel and headed back past the apartment buildings towards my own block, this time doing my very best not to let even one more drop of pee escape me, while at the same time teasingly massaging my bladder through my dress. I only let out a little more while I was crossing the bridge across the small ditch that runs around my building, because I could not resist it - perfectly shadowed by trees, out of view from the apartment buildings on either side. The bridge, however, was too open to flood myself completely - anyone passing by on the road could see straight through the gap in the trees.

I was getting desperate for a place to pee now. Looking around for a good place to go I finally spotted the perfect place. The power house around the corner of the bridge had one wall facing the street, but passing around the back one enters a shady spot, hidden from the road and just about all of the windows in the building. I made for this, leaving a trail of small droplets behind me on the pavement, and ducked out of sight behind the small brick building.

Without ceremony, for I was quite nervous at this point, I leaned my back against the brick wall behind me and spread my legs just slightly. I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath to relax, and finally let myself go. Warmth flooded my underwear, rained down my legs through my tight pantyhose and dripped onto the stone beneath me and into my shoes. There was no hiss, as I was trying to be quiet, but the water trickling away to the ground and slipping down the incline towards the ditch could clearly be heard in the unnatural early morning silence.

It took me about thirty seconds to void completely, and it came as a great disappointment. By that point I had wanted my bladder never to empty, for that feeling never to end. The puddle I left was much more sizeable than I had expected, and I wished at that moment that I had a camera with which I could record what I saw just then. Sadly no such thing was available to me - perhaps next time I shall manage to take some pictures.

I walked on shaky legs back towards my apartment building, rubbing myself gently through my dress as I took the elevator to my floor. Once inside my room I collapsed just by the door and gave myself what has to be one of the quickest and most satisfying orgasms I have had in a very long time. I can only hope that my room-mate next door did not hear any of this going on...

A small side note: though I am wearing a dress in this post, I do not identify as female. If you wish speak about me in third person, please use they/them pronouns. Thank you <3 I hope you enjoyed reading my first deliberate outdoor wetting experience!

*002*2015-02-09 20:56

Thank you, I'm glad that you enjoyed reading it! I am torn between wanting to do it again as soon as possible and being afraid of getting caught at the moment...

