My frist Experience

Author: sy3c82

*000*2015-09-30 15:45

First of all, sorry for the writing, in my browser i have automatical spelling aid, which is attuned for german, its auto correcting the things it should not. I will manually correct afterwards, but i maybe miss some Things.

Hi, since long time i m only a guest here, watching the pictures and uploads which are totally great, following some topics. but today i would like to contribute too. and if it is wanted, i will post and tell more about my wet experiences so far.

To be - kind of - within a timeline i should first start with the experience how it started for me. How i actually got the feeling that peeing the pant is not a bad thing, but now to the story:

It was in High School skiing Holiday when I was 13 or 14, here, in Austria, everyone in Highschool can attend Ski courses in the alps, one week away from school, skiing, horray.

I enjoyed the skiing, and i m not a bad skier, so i was in the rather independent group. While others, which just started to ski or not that well experienced got a course where they learned the basics. The group was about 8 guys, we were kind of "free". Just a sport student guiding us, but we were not told what to do, just going up with the chairlift, and down the slope, meeting down at the lift station. The sport student quickly found some girls somewhere to flirt, and left us kind of alone :) ... okay, we were not against it ;)

We were skiing all day, we had a storm, it was cold, and i was already not against just to leave skiing, and go back to the hostel, we were standing near the ground station, discussing what to do. It was afternoon, and basically the lifts were already to close, but we were discussing either to go again up the hill, and then just ski down to the hostel, or take the plain way ski-skating there.

That time i didnt Need to pee too much, sure i felt a bit urge, but it was definetly in a state where i would Need bathroom in a Minute. So i was fine.... theoretically. So the Group was discussing. I was in favor to get up with the chairlift again, just not to need to ski-skate back to the hostel which was rather far away and i couldnt stand to run with my ski, but the group decided differently, they wanted to use the plain way and just ski slope, and some of the guys were just starting to head to direction of the hostel. I was just focussed to something else, and only recognized that they left already, and i had to keep up. just saw the last of the group somewhere far away.

I started to run with my skis, and - however i m not a very short-tempered person at all, the situation, the wind, my tiredness made me kind of angry, running, swearing at them, made me to rage, in that Moment i passed by a group of tourists from Germany, they might have been drunk Abit, but they tried to cheer me. Hopp Hopp Hopp and laughing. That made me completely angry, and in that Moment i felt warm in my pantie. While swearing i must have "pushed" and somehow my bladder got the message to "release".... soon i felt a Kind of peace in my body, i calmed, and in that time i decided not to hold back my pee. I just stopped and let it flow, i didnt care that my group was going away and away.

I was just overwhelmed with the geeling what was going on in my pants. The warm liquid coming out of my dick, spreading over my pantie, jogging pant and Ski overall, collecting in my crotch and then finding its way down my legs. I didnt pee too Long, it was not urgent, it just came "out" and since my Ski overall and my training pant below was Kind of tight, it didnt find its way down to my socks and boots. After that i was totally relaxed, no Anger anymore. I moved on, with the warm Feeling of pee in my pants, on half way, about 10 minutes or so i recognized that my legs got cold, but i also felt that i might be able to pee a bit more, so i released a bit more out, to warm myself. It was just an amazing Feeling. When I arrived the Hostel, i sneaked to the room, no one noticed what i did, because after a day skiing, you are wet anyway from outside.

In the room, i took a pantie and a fresh pant, and went to shower. Luckily i had a second Ski Overall with me, and it was close to the end of the week, so i could leave my soaked and soiled one behind, however it smelled, but it didnt make much difference in our room. 6 teenage guys in a room smell. Thats fact. If some odeur of urine is also in it, no one cares :)

Basically i could not sleep that night and i thought a lot of times about this "accident", I was already in wetting my pants before this happened, but that, and all other things happened to me, are a different story, if you like, i will share.

*003*2015-09-30 19:16

Hey Sammy!

Thanks for asking, the sexual feeling came later, not much, but later, in this Situation it was not sexual, but i would love to write another Story about how it became sexual for me if anyone interested in. However, in fact the situation which "fixed" me on the wetting thing (that time i didnt know its omorashi) where it could be considered as sexual was much much earlier, when i was 6 or 7 years old, cant exactly tell anymore. but thats also some stuff for another Story :) who knows, maybe tomorrow i m again in writing mood :)

Sorry, the Quoting Thing seems not to work with MS Edge crap... Yes, Peeing out Frustration is very nice :) sometimes i just do that, but luckily i m seldom that frustrated. so i find other reasons to make my pants wet :D

