Finally had an accident

Author: therelolord

*000*2014-03-26 10:11

After struggling a while with a too strong bladder, i finally tried something.

Normally i can hold up even if it starts to hurt Very bad and even longer, but because i was scared that i would harm my bladder i always went to toilet before loosing it.

But now that i had 4 weeks free of work, i tried something.

The 1st two weeks i always went to toilet as soon as i needed to go, trying to weaken my bladder a bit.

And now in the third week i tryed it again to hold as long as i can, at first i felt no difference and was still able to hold it easy,

I slowly reached the point where it starts to hurt again and i was thinking, that two weeks of "bladder relaxing" didnt work as i planned it.

But then, while slowly making my way to the toilet a stream came out, then i stoped walking and a second one came out.

I was standing there a bit shoked, because i havent had an accident since i was 4 and didnt belived that i would have one now.

But before I was able to understand what was about to happen, i literally felt how my bladder just slowy went open.

And there it was i totally soaked myself without beeing able to hold it back.

Those 2 weeks of relaxing did a thing, maybe just a tiny bit but it was enough that my bladder just finally gave up.

I maybe try it again next week but for now i going to give my bladder a rest dont want to harm it. ^^

But i have to admit it was actually pretty fun to hold till you loose it.

