A friend who used wetting to her advantage

Author: GoingGreen

*000*2015-06-02 04:11

I didn't get to see it happen (totally different major), but a friend of mine admitted that she purposely wet herself during finals one time. It was a hot day so she was drinking plenty of water. That, of course, got her desperate very quickly into the two hour or so exam. Rather than let that distract her throughout the exam, she realized that she was almost certainly going to lose it some time into the exam, and that those stopping to make fun of her were putting themselves at a disadvantage. Therefore, she just let it go right there, all while continuing to work on the exam as if nothing happened. Sometime further into the exam, she did it again. Both times, she heard a little laughter, but she didn't let that distract her. She ended up making an A in the class, turning what would have been a distraction for her into a possible distraction for others who weren't focusing.

She did share a few pictures she took right after the exam (which I obviously really liked, commenting that she's very dedicated), but she doesn't want me to share it with anyone else. I'm going to respect her and not share the pictures, but just for visualization purposes, imagine an average (good looking, not fat but not skinny either) white college girl in blue jean shorts and a gray shirt, with a somewhat diffuse wet patch around her crotch and down her legs along with a big wet patch on her behind.

BTW, she studied health so she knew how urine isn't "dirty" and she also commented that it was also quite refreshing feeling the cooling effect when she walked outside in the hot weather. It all dried up in minutes and she was sufficiently well hydrated that once she took the bus home, nobody knew. She even sniffed her shorts once she was home and she could only barely notice any smell at all.

*003*2015-06-03 05:42

The high level of hydration along with the lack of smell do point to it being very dilute indeed. Would be interesting to do a chemical analysis to see just how close to pure water it really is. What would be really hilarious is if it turned out to be more pure than rainwater in a dense city... ("I'd rather drink that girl's pee than the city's rainwater" would be a really bold way to highlight how polluted the air is!)

I don't think she wets in public "just for the hell of it". She did it during the exam partly because the ones making fun of her were obviously distracted (and then the joke's on them) and partly because there was no better choice.

BTW, I once got slightly desperate during an digital logic exam (though not a final), but I was just about finished and had lots of margin to spare. It was only a 90 minute exam (of which I only used 70 minutes or so of the allocated time), but I could have easily made 2 hours if it was needed. If I couldn't, I'd be jealous of the girls who have the choice of wearing a dress or skirt (without attracting unwanted attention) and then have the option to wet in a very stealthy fashion.

