The peeing-exhibition experiment

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-09-19 05:11

[To protect the identity for some, my friend in this story will be called Bee]

I knew I should have peed before I left.

"Come on, I need to go, now" I looked at Bee while we walked down the street.

"We didn't even get that far, wanna just go home?"

Little did she know I wanted to try something, after my first few "on purpose" wetting experiences, I was a little bored with the same old procedure. I craved something more...exciting.

"No, I think I can make it" my bladder sloshing inside of me. I downed a few bottles of water prior, Oops.

We walked three blocks before encountering a park with woods behind it, Perfect with a capital P!

"Um...Bee" I held my crotch tight, "I-I'm going to go in the woods, can you keep an eye out?"

"Panetto..."

"PLEASE I'm BURSTING." I crossed and uncrossed my legs.

She rolled her eyes, "Fiiiine..."

I hobbled over to the woods, and leaned my back on a tree and pulled my pants down. My bladder must have gotten shy, I didn't have to pee anymore. Dammit.

"I-I'm going to go further, Bee"

"Panetto, let's just go home"

"But I need to pee...My bladder is just shy and I don't feel like wetting myself here", not today at least.

As soon as I pulled my pants up, of course I needed to pee, even worse than before. Really, body? I traversed further until I couldn't see civilization. Bee following behind. I found another tree and propped myself and squatted. It took a while of coaxing but my sex dribbled a bit of pee, then a nice rhythmical stream. Come on, I have to pee more, I was dying before. Then the waterfall revealed it's beautiful head, tinkling (or rather spurting) cups of pee onto the dead leaves on the ground. What if someone saw me?

The thought of that sent electricity up my spine. Someone watching me pee...I could get use to that

Finally the dirty deed was done, my lovely lady bits twinged happily after my bladder gave in to the spoiled child called my body. I must have squatted wrong because my butt was a little wet. Oh well, I can always say I sat on some damp leaves.

((Maybe in the future I could invest one of those tubes that help women pee while standing up. Do they have them at Walmart, Riteaid or Walgreens?, I'd be glad to share my experience with the device.))

