Wet myself at the kitchen table

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-22 11:12

Hey guys!

So this morning I woke up needing to pee as is usual for the majority of folk, but I didn't want to deal with that matter as 1) it's me of course I want to hold it! 2) homeanddry is driving somewhere today so I wanted to chat for a bit before he left (he got a blow by blow account lol) and 3) my landlady is coming over later and I had to clean and my housemate has done none of it yet again so I was putting that off.

I was lying around in bed wiggling with my left hand between my legs when I realised the last time I'd peed was when my housemate made me laugh at like 10pm and a tiny dribble came out! So over 12 hours. The last time i had properly peed must have been between 6-8pm I can't quite remember.

Anyway, I really wanted to let a little out, so I relaxed and felt the butt of my grey pjs get wet on my bed leaving a damp patch!

I stood up and decided I would try and hold for longer, you know get up and clean finally. I had to clean the floor so I thought if I had an accident it wouldn't matter anyway!

I hobbled over to the hob (lol) and sprayed cleaner on the surfaces but it was too much. I drank 3/4 of a mug of water but I couldn't face anymore. I sat down at the kitchen table and felt my crotch dampen.

I put my hand between my legs to stop it but another wave hit and the wet patch grew!

Each wave that hit a stream hissed out and made a puddle on the chair that started dripping onto the floor, running down my legs, and eventually a consistent stream that poured off the chair and made a huge yellow puddle!

It took ages to clean up, it was a lot more than I thought!

Hope you enjoyed it and sorry for the lack of socks!

EQ x

*005*2015-10-27 16:06

{{ 

A top story (and pictures) as ever! I'm glad that my guilty conscience didn't get the better of me when you begged me to let you go pee ;-)

}}

Hahaha I'm glad you didn't let me

{{ 

Another great story with pictures. Thanks again.

I have an outside table that I love to sit at and wet myself. Its great to just relax and feel the pee run off the chair and see it make a puddle underneath me. Makes me feel really naughty.

A question though. Have you been caught by your housemate yet? Does she know what you do when she's not home? You have a lot of wet pants laying around!

}}

Haha I love the puddle running off the chair, it's great isn't it. She hasn't caught me, she knows of my interest, I guess she could but two and two together of what I get up to when she's not home! I am a stealth pro at washing and cleaning up :P

{{ 

Soaked PJ's, Theeeeeyyyyrrrr'eeee Great! (voice of Tony the Tiger)

}}

Hahaha thank you, I love these pjs I like frosties (frosted flakes?) and all

{{ 

Lovely wet pjs and large puddle. Someday you should make a video of such a magnificent wetting. I would like to hear you sigh in relief and your piss hiss and to watch your pjs darken and the puddle spread,

}}

Hahaha i know you would, don't really want to post videos though :P

