Senior schoolgirl forces me to wet my panties

Author: vikka

*000*2013-04-15 18:32

At the time when I was around fifteen years old we were 4-5 girls, who liked to play naughty panty-wetting games now and then. Sometimes it could be just two of us and other times it could be all of us. We called ourselves "The Wet Pack" (which name of course was inspired by "The Rat Pack"; you know, the group consisting of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr, Peter Lawford and one more, who's name I've forgotten). I'll tell you that we had lots and lots of fun. But this story won't be about The Wet Pack, I'm only mentioning it as a background to the actual story I'm about to tell now.

One day when I'd finished school and was crossing a park, a girl passed me. She stopped and turned to me. I recognised her, she was at the senior classes at the same school as I.

"Hey, you're Vikka, aren't you?"

I wondered what she wanted. "Yeah...", I answered hesitantly. I was a bit worried about her intentions. After all she was a senior, and I thought nothing good could come out of a senior. Usually when they caught sight of a junior girl by herself they seemed to become overwhelmed by evil desires to harass said junior. And in this case I was the said junior; hence my worry.

"Come!" She commanded in a harsh voice. "I want to talk to you!" She took a firm grip of my left upper arm and dragged me with her. At a corner of the park was a ramshackle shed surrounded by bushes, and she brought me behind the shed. Now I was really scared and I started to blubber with tears in my eyes.

"What are you doing? Why are we here? I haven't done anything..."

She looked at me but remained silent. She was much taller than I and obviously much stronger, her grip of my arm really hurt. It would probably leave bruises. I thought I remembered her name, or nickname, I believed it was Pallas. I'd admired her at a distance at school. She was good-looking and what I admired most was her breasts. They made me very envious as they were so big and well-shaped. By contrast with my tiny tits.

Finally she spoke.

"You know my little sister, don't you? She is in the same class as you."

I was thinking. But I couldn't come up with a name. I hadn't the faintest idea of who she meant. I shook my head.

"I-- I don't know", I sobbed. Her grip on my arm hardened.

"My little sister is Ella, and I think you know her very well!"

So I did. Ella was a member of The Wet Pack. I didn't know that Pallas was her sister.

"Yesterday I caught Ella red-handed", she said. "Do you get me?"

"N--no."

"I think you might have a rough guess. But I'll tell you exactly what happened. I was going to the bathroom. When I entered I saw Ella standing in the bathtub. She had all her clothes on, but her skirt was hitched up. And can you guess what she was doing? Well, I believe you can! She was peeing herself through her panties and tights into the empty tub. That's what she was doing, did it surprise you? Probably not, because afterwards I had a long talk with her and she told me everything. In the end I felt sorry for her and I promised her not to tell anyone. But I told her that I should talk to you as she said you are the leader of The Wet Pack."

Shit! Ella had even snitched about The Wet Pack! I felt totally humiliated. Pallas continued:

"Now you should know this: I love my sister and , as surprisingly it might sound, I have no intention to prevent her from doing something she obviously likes. I've got some kinks too, and as long as one doesn't harm anybody, I believe it's ok. I can even go so far as to admit that I'm a bit curious about that panty wetting thing. And that's why I'm talking to you now. I want you to do what I'll tell you as it's something I obviously couldn't ask my own little sister to do. I could see that you got really scared before, and probably still are. Which I like, it's kind of part of the kinks that turns me on."

She looked at me and smiled mischievously. Then she took upon herself a stern expression.

"Come and stand before me!"

I did as I was told. I was less scared now. I was more curious about what she was up to. I wiped away my tears and gave her a shy smile.

"This is not a laughing matter!" She shouted. "Pull up your skirt!"

I hesitated. What was she up to?

"Now!" She raised her hand as she was going to slap me. I got scared and hurried to clutch the hem of my skirt and pull it up to my waist. I was so embarrassed as I knew that there would be a wet spot on my panties.

"What's that? That wet stain?" She pointed at it. I was silent. Again she raised her hand. "Is it pee?"

"N-- no", I stuttered. I was blushing heavily.

"Not pee... So what is it then?" She shouted. I began to cry.

"It's-- it's-- I mean-- I was touching myself. Before." Tears ran down my cheeks. It was so humiliating.

"Before? Before! Where before? And when? It must have been only just, it's still showing. You've just finished classes. How did you get the time? I've followed you since you left your class room!"

"D-- during l--last class", I sobbed.

"You masturbated during the lesson? Didn't anyone notice? Did you even get an orgasm?"

I nodded. "No one noticed."

"Shit! You're brave, I'll give you that! But now we'll get on. It's simple. I want you to pee yourself! I want to see for myself what it is that's so fascinating about peeing one's panties. Go on!"

I parted my legs. Nothing happened. Yet I really had to pee but I guess I was feeling a bit too awkward to do it in front of my friend's elder sister.

"It's not coming", I whispered. "I'm too afraid."

She looked at me. I noticed that she didn't look so angry and harsh anymore.

"Just relax. I promise, I'll not harm you. You look so cute, standing with your legs parted and showing your pretty panties. Just let it go!"

And at just that moment I succeeded! At first some drops of pee trickled through my panties and gradually it became a steady flow, soaking my panties. Pallas took a step towards me. She reached out her right hand and put it on my crotch, right in the middle of the pee stream.

"Ella told me that you like to get your pussy touched while you'r peeing, is that right?"

I nodded. Of course I liked it! And now it felt extra horny! To get my pussy fingered by a senior school girl, an elder sister to one of my best friends! I moved my hips forth and fro, my pee splattered around! I panted heavily, I moaned and groaned. I did my best to muffle the screms that forced their way out through my throat. The parkway with walking people passed near us.

"Oh, Vikka, little lass!" Pallas moaned. She'd pushed her skirt in between her thighs and was stroking herself with her other hand.

"P... Pallas, I'm coming now!! Awwww!!!!" My orgasm hit me so hard that I wasn't able to stand up anymore. I sank down to the grass. Pallas followed me down until she was on her knees before me, still with her hand gently stroking my pussy. My whole body was shaking and several orgasms followed the first one. Pallas kissed me! I thought it was a wonderful, wonderful kiss! I kissed her back and leaned into her arms.

"Now I see why my sister love you so much", Pallas whispered in my ear. We kissed again. And again!

"Vikka, my little baby, now it's my turn to wet myself as a baby girl. I must know how it feels!"

We stood up. I was so thrilled! A senior wanted to pee herself in front of me! Pallas pulled up her skirt. She was wearing nylon stay-ups and very thin, silky, blue panties. They had a rather big wet spot, showing how aroused she'd become. Slowly she parted her legs and it wasn't long before she started to pee!

"Oh, it feels so wonderful!" She whispered. "So warm and nice!"

Pallas took my hand and put it right upon her flowing pussy! She was right! Her pee was warm and nice! I felt her stiff, erected clit poking at her soaking panties, and caressed it eagerly! She was moving her hips so violently, that her pee splashed on my legs.

"Yeee...yeee...", she squeaked. "V... ik... ka! I'm coming now!!! Yeeeeee...!"

She hugged me hard, and as she was still peeing, my skirt got totally soaked! She got another orgasm and we sat down at the grass. We kissed and kissed like forever. Our tongues swirled around eachother. She kept on mumbling: "My baby girl, my little baby girl!"

Finally we stood up. We looked at eachother. Pallas took me in her arms and kissed me once more.

"I got to hurry up", she said. "We have guests for dinner, and I've got to be proper dressed. But, Vikka, I don't think we should tell Ella about what we've done. It's our secret!"

It remained our secret. But it wasn't the only time. She really liked to pretend that I was her baby girl. And I became very acquainted to her wonderful breasts!

*002*2013-04-15 18:59

Aww... you're making me blush and feel so very happy at the same time :) !

*010*2013-04-17 01:41

Thankyou soo very much all of you! You're making me so happy!!

Hinochi, a special thankyou for filling in my memory gap! Now I'll never forget the name of Joey Bishop!

