Being Naughty in the Park

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-05-21 18:57

Hey guys and gals, i havent posted anything for a while cos i have been busy, but here is a short story about my naughty day in the park, hope you enjoy :)

Yesterday morning me and my boyfriend were doing up my car and in the process I had quite a lot of water because it was so warm out. When we had finished we took it out for a test drive and decided to stop off at the park and get some lunch. We went to the cafe and i got a sandwich and a cup of tea and got a bottle of coke to drink later. We then went and sat on the grass and had our picnic. When we had finished we decided to be lazy and just lay there and enjoy the sun.

We laid there for ages chatting and listening to music and as we did all the water and the cup of tea were finding there way to my bladder and were filling it up quite fast....faster than normal. I drank my bottle of coke as I was starting to get thirsty and laid back down plugged my headphones in and zoned out to the world. After about 20 minutes my bladder was now getting really full and i laid wiggling and crossing my legs enjoying the feeling. I reached 9/10 on the desperation scale and thought i would have to go across to the toilets next to the cafe soon.

Suddenly i shot to 10 and was on the verge of wetting myself. I sat up and looked across to where the toilets were. I went to stand up and as I did a leak escaped and dampened my little blue knickers. The feeling of having damp knickers made me feel really naughty and I decided i couldn't be bothered going across to the toilets so i looked round and there was nobody near me so I lifted my skirt up round my waist and spread my legs open. I slowly leaked a few times and then i started spurting and before i could stop it my bladder burst and i started flooding my knickers and making a puddle on the grass. I leant back on my arms and enjoyed the wonderful feeling of my bladder emptying, soaking my knickers and splashing all over my legs.

My bladder emptied and i sighed happily, the feeling of my now soaked knickers clinging to my pussy making me feel really horny. I heard another sigh and turned round and found my boyfriend staring slack jawed at my wet knickers. I giggled and asked if he liked the view and he nodded smiling. I leant over and kissed him and as we were kissing i felt his hand gently slide up my leg and his fingers began to rub against the front of my knickers. I stopped kissing him and looked round, there was nobody close by and by the way we were sat if anybody looked at us it would just look like we were cuddling so I let him continue. The feeling of his fingers pushing my wet knickers onto my clit had me on edge so fast and i whispered to him to make me cum and he slipped his fingers inside and pushed them into my pussy and withing seconds i filled my pee soaked knickers with cum making them even more wet.

I pulled my skirt back down and we headed off and i then spent the rest of the day walking round with wet knickers which felt really nice and by the time i got home i was insanely horny again and had to take care of myself ;)

