Fully burst

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2015-02-23 02:55

Two days ago my boyfriend and I drove back from a trip we took. It was close to a 5 hour drive that is mostly through the country. I was excited as half the route I am familiar with as its a drive I make to see family. When we started the trip we stopped to get drinks and some sandwiches. I got a large coke and told myself to drink it slowly!! But my boyfriend got sweet tea, which I tend to sneak some sips...maybe gulps... :D

I really was doing fine. Half way we stopped at a gas station to get gas and my boyfriend went in to use the bathroom. I just didn't need to pee. We had 2 more hours to drive and I felt fine. So we drove off into the bare country part of the drive!

Half hour later I started to feel the want to pee...I had finished my large coke and probably a good portion of my boyfriends large sweet tea. But I wasn't going to panic. It was going to be fine. If anything I thought we'd just pull over for me to pee if I must. My boyfriend pulled out waters for us from the back and I absentmindedly drank some water.

Another half an hour later and I was really starting to feel it. We had to take a detour so it added some time and took us a whole other way to get home. It was country land we went through but houses were still around. I was questioning what to say to my boyfriend who was driving. I generally am not shy about this but I didn't know how to solve this! Our large cups were thrown out at the gas station, I was wearing tight jeans so it wouldn't be an easy pee like I could have if I were in a dress(!!!!!!!!!!), I wasn't going to try to pee in a water bottle in my boyfriend's COMPANY CAR!! haha & it was just a bit too much of a neighborhood for it to be completely safe I felt like.

Soon I told my boyfriend "Hey...I need to pee really badly...could we possibly pull over somewhere on a side road....?" He said sure and we turned down a road. We got a distance from the main country road that had traffic but then we hit houses!! I told him to just turn around and lets get home.

We kept driving and I was fidgeting. I could feel the pressure increasing. It was getting painful but I was excited to deal with this challenge :D I pressed on my bladder just to tease myself and I peed myself a bit!! I had to stop making this any harder!! So I unbuttoned my belt and jeans. That took some pressure off my bladder. And I did NOT tell my boyfriend I just peed a little.

We finally hit the highway part and we were within half an hour of being home. I told my boyfriend to just get us home quickly. I wasn't going to be able to walk into a store with the wet spot I just got. Plus I was nervous I was going to loose it if I stood up! The half hour was intense. I could feel my bladder continue to fill. It was pulsating as I had to hold myself.

Finally we got home. I got out of the car right away and bolted for the front door. I was thinking "WOW! I'm going to make it, I'm going to make it, I'M GOING TO MAKE IT!!!!!!!!!!!" I had the keys in hand to unlock the door and was ready to PEE MY HEARTS CONTENT OUT! I got the key in the door and it jammed! Oh my gosh like really?!?!?! I was so anxious and starting to flip out as I kept trying to get it unlocked! I was ready to pee with my legs crossed and I was bending forward. I heard my boyfriend behind me as he said "Jeni! Let me get it." And just as he said that I FULL ON BURST! All let loose.

I just felt pee drenching my jeans as it ran down my legs. I just stood there at the door with my back to my boyfriend and a strong hot stream running between my legs. I couldn't fight this and there was no point of unlocking the door to get in. It may be an apartment but our front door can't be seen from the street so I just let it all go until I no longer felt the urgency. It had to have been a good 2 minutes til I stopped myself and still had more to pee. I think my boyfriend was just speechless as this all happened as he was in shock...yet I think enjoyed part of it haha. He just asked me why I didn't hold it a bit longer and I turned around and said "WHAT?!?! I have been waiting the past 2 hours!! BURSTING TO PEE!! I COULDN'T WAIT!!!!" He just looked at me and said its okay and hugged me.

I would have gotten a picture but my boyfriend was there and still doesn't know about this site... :) My little secret <3

*010*2015-02-24 14:47

Thanks everyone! I know its been a while since I've really been here on the site- like 6 months!! since I moved!! I'm going to try to be more present here lol.

It was an exhilarating experience to have a great genuine pee. The excitement of getting inside to pee just took over and I lost it :) Next time I'm on a road trip I am so wearing a dress so I can pee more easily!! Even behind the bush at my front door lol.

*014*2015-02-25 01:53

{{:

Love it. Do you plan to test the waters at all and see if he might enjoy this stuff?

}}

He partially knows about me liking this type of deal. Its just new to him and during this exact time we were both tired and not quite in the best state of mind for this, yet I was enjoying it!! :)

{{:

As others have said --- very glad to see/hear from ya Jeni! I hope you enjoyed it all as much as we enjoyed reading about it. Can't wait to finally see some images of your flooding efforts :P

Thanks so much for sharing!

*hugs*

- Guru -

}}

Yes yes I know haha. I was super bummed!! It was just absolutely NOT a good situation to be like "hey! take a pic of me wetting myself!!" LOL. My boyfriend knows nothing of this site. But thank you thank you! :)

{{:

Thanks for the great story! Do you plan on telling him any time soon? You could really have fun together. He didn't seem put off by your accident at all.

}}

He partially knows but I haven't pushed it on him yet. Its in the works! :D

