Parking lot pee

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-10-01 14:35

Last week I decided I wanted to have a little fun as I was having a slow day at work. I get to drink all the Keurig coffee I wish to drink so its a perfect opportunity. I had two cups of coffee earlier on in the day and peed once around 11:30. At 2 I got that first urge to pee and decided to just ignore it. 4 and 5 hit and I was so excited that I was going to be able to make it through my work day. I drank 2 bottle of water to get things really going for the drive home :D I got off work at 5:30 and I remember telling my boss goodbye as I was thinking "oh my gosh I need to pee!!" my bladder was so heavy.

Driving home it takes about 25 minutes as its around 15 miles driving. The drive felt like forever. It was a bit dreadful. & I get bored on this same highway drive everyday. I turned off the highway onto the main road to get home, another 6-7 miles. I was starting to really feel that water flowing into my bladder. I could actually feel it trickling in. Now I was just excited for it to trickle out! haha.

I finally turned into my actual neighborhood that is 15 miles per hour drive....which I always bump up to 20 but that day I went 25! As I drove the 3 forever long minutes to my house I said to myself in the car "Okay, I am going to pee right when I get out of the car!" I turned into the small parking lot and was a bit frazzled. I didn't know what to do first. I tried getting out first and realized 'oh my gosh! turn off the car, take off your underwear (I was wearing a dress) and unbuckle first!!' haha. So I did all that and I stepped out to the thickest part of a bush to pee between that and my car. Yet honestly this bush is probably pretty see through but I was doing this!! I just stood there like normal and had my feet maybe 6" apart. I didn't try to hard, just let go and it was perfect!! I peed straight down. I should have held my phone to look like I was busy and not just "standing there" ;) haha. I just watches the pee hitting the pavement and running under my car.

It was so invigorating and fun. & being a girl I want to say its almost empowering to know I can pee discretely too! I loved this and now I feel great knowing what I am capable of doing. My dress didn't get a drop on it so now I know if I am wearing a dress and in a bind I just need to be wearing a dress and a parking lot with an at least further out parking spot! Its just perfect :)

*005*2014-10-15 13:06

{{ 

No need to wet yourself when you can pee discreetly. Did your butt get wet when the stream died down? Did you have to pull your dress up any or hold it away from your butt?

}}

No it was just quick and simple and no situating. Just stood there with all my stuff from work to carry in the house. haha

