This morning's desperation and wetting

Author: Waittowee

*000*2012-06-19 14:05

So I went to sleep last night, not desperate for a pee, but kinda just with the inkling that I vaguely needed to. I could feel a very slight urge, but nothing that needed any conscious form of holding. I wanted to try and sleep needing a wee, as it's something I've never been able to do, the need to pee has always kept me awake, so I've always been forced to go and empty my bladder before sleep will come. My figuring is though, much more likely to be desperate in the morning if you needed to pee the night before..... Try it.

Sleep came. No dreams. Or no memorable ones.

This morning. Woke. Bursting - no - beyond bursting to pee. As soon as I dragged myself into consciousness I was hit by almost unbearable urges in my groin, and a bladder that felt tense and turgid inside me. Instantly I was squirming, clenching, fighting to hold in my pee, grabbing myself and squeezing myself. Not yet. Not yet. I had a plan.

Sat up in bed and listened - silence in the flat. Flatmate had gone to work. Plan could work. Carefully swung my legs over the side of the bed and sat up properly, constantly fidgeting and wriggling, unable to sit still. Hold it. Hold it HOLD IT. Clench. Hard.

Quickly, rolled a cigerette. Unplugged phone from charger. Wriggle. Squirm. Leak - NO! Hold it in! Clench. Leak stopped. I could feel a small wet patch against my skin. Quickly, quickly. quickly. I stood, shaking my legs and bobbing up and down to try and hold, try to numb the urges, just long enough to pull on some jeans.

Jeans on, fly buttoned.

Holding myself with one hand, I grabbed phone, cigarette, lighter with the other and dashed to the door onto the flats fire exit. Convenient, private.

Outside. Bobbing up and down, shaking my legs, almost dancing on the spot. Feeling my bladder so full inside me, waves of desperation hitting me as it contracted against my clenching muscles and clenching fingers, long held pee trying to force it's way out. Just a few....more....moments. Lit my cigarette, hands and fingers trembling from the effort of holding back my pee. Select camera on the phone. Video. Record. Balanced the phone against the wall.

Stood back. Legs shaking . Thighs clenching and unclenching. Cross legs. Squeeze. Uncross. Take a drag from the cigarette. Inhale. Holding my self, squeezing myself, holding on until the last possible moment. Suddenly, a fresh wave of desperation, a strong urge in my crotch and I felt a leak, travelling from my bladder, through me, through my jeans, onto my hand. Hand away. Legs crossed fighting to the last moment as more and more leaked, spurted, flooded from me, into my jeans, down my leg - warm in the cool morning air.....

***

The video is attached!! It's the last section of the story above - should play on iPhones/Pads and in Quicktime player (And various other media players) on computers. Hope you enjoy, be gentle with it, it's my first real attempt!

%cg125despwet1orig.mov

*003*2012-07-21 10:47

{{:

I LOVE this video and I love your writing. I hope you will do more things like this?

}}

Hehe, almost like fate...... Just uploaded another video here....:

$iframe data-embed-src="http://omorashi.org/topic/7616-the-video-from-the-live-omorashi-sectiona-desperate-wetting/?do=embed"

Glad you liked it - I haven't really had a lot of time for writing recently, but hopefully it'll all calm down soon then I can write some more!

*005*2012-07-21 11:26

{{:

Awesome! I'm gonna look at this right now =]

Do you write often?

}}

Haha, hope you enjoy!

I write when I have time really - my job comes in fits and starts, so I have ridiculously busy periods where I barely have time to eat and sleep let alone do anything else, and periods where I have more time than I know what to do with!

I've written a few things - there's the one you've already read, and this other experience:

$iframe data-embed-src="http://omorashi.org/topic/6215-the-journey-home/?do=embed"

And a fictional series I've been writing called 'The Stable Girl'

$iframe data-embed-src="http://omorashi.org/topic/6219-the-stable-girl/?do=embed"

Though at the moment this story is female desperation rather than male - though I have plans to include male desperation in later chapters. I'm trying to write the next chapter of it at the moment.

What about you, do you write?

*009*2012-07-24 19:49

{{:

I tried playing the video on my iPhone, and it said "The server is not correctly configured", but it could be a problem on my phone. But I love the story, your writing style is awesome. I'll have to remember to watch the video the next time I get on a computer, I'm sure it's very hot.

}}

Hey Cami,

Yep, apologies, it doesn't seem to work directly to an iphone/pad - don't know why. It works if transfered from a computer - must be something to do with the way i-devices handle (or don't handle!) downloads.

Hehe, glad you enjoyed it Rachel!

