Female Desperation/Wettings at the Bar (series with regular updates) - Page 2

Author: freepostage

*025*2013-06-21 23:13

{{:

Fantastic! thanks a lot, seems you get a lot of adventures! how did you feel about someone else wetting your skirt?

I like how you and your friends wet in tights too, I take it they didn't wear them this time?

}}

Tights are only necessary when chilly here. I didn't mind but felt pretty neutral. I'm more into desperation than wetting.

*028*2013-06-22 02:35

{{:

Aha! I love the stuck zipper!

}}

Stuck zippers are the best. I google that phrase all the time looking for a good story.

*029*2013-06-22 06:34

One night I was walking into the bar (must have been 18 or 19 at the time, I believe) and I saw a group of three girls get escorted out by a neighboring bar by security. One of them was pleading with security to please let her back in because she had to pee so badly, but he firmly told her she was banned. I assume they were caught drinking underage, since that or fighting is really the only thing that would get anyone kicked out of a club in this area. It was winter time and this particular girl was dressed in black skinny jeans, white knee high boots, and a white sweater with a black checkered scarf.

She was maybe 5 foot tops, and Korean with very little makeup on. Her hair was spiral curled. Her two friends with her I didn't really describe in my notebook since she was the more attractive one. I heard the word pee and of course my ears picked up so I decided to stay outside and catch a cigarette to see if this developed. The girl in the white sweater swore at the bouncer and walked away, exclaiming to her friends that she was about to bust. They suggested the alley but there were a lot of people swarming around and the girl said no, she would try another bar.

There was a wait outside of our bar now so they chose to stand in that line while the girl wiggled and bounced, trying to contain her bladder. She had her legs crossed and finally decided she didn't care and darted into the alley to relieve herself. I wasn't in the best position to see but a cop followed her in and brought her out. She started crying and explaining she just couldn't wait and the cop started asking for her ID and asking if she was of age. I went up to the cop and asked for directions to somewhere I knew how to get and the girl took my cue and fled with her friends. The cop didn't pursue and she got to relieve her bladder, so win/win!

*032*2013-06-24 06:28

It was mid-summer time, which for the bar meant a hit in business because a lot of the party-goers were college students that went home for the summer. Because of this, the bar held a promotion (downstairs only) called "Two Minute Chug." During this time period pitchers of beer were sold for really cheap with several small plastic shot-sized cups. Every two minutes or so the music would end and the DJ would say "drink up!" Everyone then took a shot of beer. This night was a hit and the club was completely packed. The chug went for an hour on, then an hour off with regular uninterrupted music, then an hour on again.

This started at 10 pm so 10-11 was chugging, 11-12 was still discounted but not chugging, and hour 12-1 was chugging. Of course no one was forced to drink if they didn't want to but because of the discounts and obvious peer pressure, girls were consuming beers at a fast rate and pitchers were being sold left and right. The upstairs was open but didn't have a bartender or much going on, and since the event was advertised as downstairs only while girls could use the bathrooms upstairs, I'm not sure many did. Of course this was a perfect night for desperation and possible accidents so I kept my eyes peeled.

I needed to pee and the queue was already building significantly so I joined the line and waited patiently. Not directly behind me, but about two girls back a girl that looked pretty drunk joined the line and immediately crossed her legs. She had pixie short brown hair, long eyelashes, and was maybe 5'9 with a black mini skirt and a sparkly top. She was wearing fishnet stockings with her skirt and I believe flat shoes, I didn't write down her shoe specifics. I noticed her desperation so I turned halfway around to watch her but still not miss moving up in line.

She uncrossed her legs and stood with them tightly together but was biting her lip and had very flushed cheeks. Her hands were balled into tight fists that she held against her hips and she was fidgeting around, ever so slightly. The girl was looking around constantly but when I met her gaze she looked away and stopped fidgeting. The mine moved rather slowly, as it often does, and she was visibly growing more uncomfortable and desperate as time wore on. She had now recrossed her legs and kept them there permanently, tenderly holding her bladder. Over the span of about eight minutes she went from rather needing the bathroom to looking like she could barely contain her bladder. The pixie haired brunette uncrossed her legs and started dancing on the spot, very mildly at first and then to a degree that she was obviously embarrassed.

She stopped dancing and shoved her legs together tightly again, trying to remain discrete. The line continued to move and she started bending forward and occasionally snuck a hand against her crotch for only a moment, then letting it go in a few moments to continue to pee-pee dance. Suddenly she froze and stood absolutely still, then looked down at the ground. I couldn't see a stream of urine snaking down her legs because I was a bit out of distance but I did see the first spurt of urine hit the floor. She recrossed her legs and shoved a hand into her crotch desperately trying to hold back her overfilled bladder and for about a minute or two seemed back under control. Then I noticed urine running down her legs and pooling into a small puddle. She quickly turned and started sprinting for the nearest exit, leaving a trail of hot pee behind her.

When I reached the inside of the bathroom there was a girl wearing a pair of high waisted dress shorts and a see through tank top and outrageously high heels bouncing around about two women from a stall. She had much less shame than the pixie haired girl and was shouting for those "bitches to hurry the fuck up before she peed a river." She continued to dance around until she had an open stall and rushed in quickly, releasing a bladder full of beer.

*033*2013-06-24 07:08

Same night of the "Two Minute Chug" the bathroom lines had gotten quite long and you know how quickly beer can go through a girl's bladder. Also, once the seal is broken the bathroom can be needed every 20-45 minutes depending on the lady so it was certainly a night of bursting bladders. While I didn't see much of this desperation, I did see a girl break from the bathroom line, grab an empty pitcher from her friend's table, and squat down beneath a table to relieve her bladder. She was wearing a dress and didn't hike it up, but brought the pitcher up underneath her short dress.

I didn't see her pull her panties off so she was either peeing through them or wasn't wearing any. I watched as her hot, urgent pee hit the bottom of the pitcher and quickly filled it to an impressing amount. She stopped the flow to a dribble and stood up, keeping the pitcher on the floor and inching it beneath the table slightly. She was bouncing around a bit and looking around the room to see if any of the security people had seen her. Once she was sure no one had seen her actions the girl ducked back down and finished releasing the rest of her bladder until her urine flow slowed to a stop. She hid the pitcher of pee underneath her table and continued back to the dance floor.

*035*2013-06-25 02:02

This one is not at the bar at all but I had been at the bar earlier that night and the girl in this story had obviously been drinking somewhere. I had left the bar early, around midnight, with a horrible headache and stopped at a corner store to get ibuprofen. While I was in line to pay there was a couple, a man and a cute girl, that were behind me and chatting about how to fix their computer. I majored in software engineering so I interjected their conversation and once we had all paid the man continued to chat with me to the side and receive instructions on what he could do to make their computer run faster and not re-boot constantly. He was grateful for the free help and I didn't mind talking to him so we chatted eachother up for awhile while the girl stumbled around a bit and didn't say much.

She had short platinum blonde hair with black skinny jeans and a red shimmery halter top, no bra. She was slender, the model type, with big eyes and a nose ring. During our conversation she asked the attendant if they had a bathroom and he said "Sorry, sweetheart, employee's only. Too many people misusing it at this time of night." She pleaded with him saying it was an emergency but he said no again so she re-joined us without saying much. I started really checking her out now and noticed she had her arms crossed and was pouting, occasionally crossing her legs and then uncrossing them.

I was surprised that if it really was an emergency she was not trying to find another bathroom but the girl remained quiet while I continued giving instructions and asking questions about what programs he used and lended other advice. We walked outside and he and I sat down and he offered me a cigarette while we kept talking. The girl chose to stand and leaned against the wall with her legs crossed, shifting her body weight from side to side.

Suddenly she walked over and tried to whisper in her boyfriend's ear (but was too drunk to whisper quietly) that she "really needed to pee right now." He told her to hold on a minute and she whined "I'm about to pop, let's go!" He ignored her and she walked away a few feet away and turned her back to us. Based on her hand placement I thought she might be holding herself, especially since her legs were tightly together. She kept bending her knees and bouncing slightly as I spoke to her boyfriend.

He seemed annoyed with her behavior and was either sober or a lot less drunk than she was. He complained that she had a tiny bladder and needed to learn to hold it like a grown up. My heart was beating fast now and while I felt badly for her since I assume he makes me hold it quite a bit, he still wanted to talk to me and I didn't mind spectating. Ten minutes passed and the girl walked back begging him to please go, now openly holding herself saying she couldn't wait. Her boyfriend dismissed her and said "Fine, walk home and pee there. I don't care."

The blonde danced on the spot for a moment, clenching her crotch, still begging and saying she wouldn't walk alone. I mentioned I lived down the road and if they lived that way we could all walk and continue talking. At this point I was tired and wanted to go home myself, plus I felt sympathy for this girl, no matter how arousing her situation was for me. The couple didn't live very far away and were in my direction but closer than my place was. As we walked the blonde kept slowing down to cross her legs but wasn't holding herself openly in public. She kept her legs tight and was nearly hobbling alone. Her boyfriend hollered at her to get in front of him since she was going to "get lost so drunk" and I felt sorry for her since he didn't seem like a very good or compassionate boyfriend. She limped ahead of us and was whimpering. Suddenly she tripped over her shoe and fell hard onto the sidewalk. I ran over to her quickly to see if she was alright and she said "No, I'm not."

I checked her leg expecting that he ankle might her twisted but the fall had obviously triggered her full bladder and opened the flood gates. Even in her dark jeans her pee trail was visible as she sat in her own puddle, releasing her bladder. I was crouched down so some of her pee ran over my open toed shoes as she continued to wet her pants in the middle of the sidewalk. I helped her up and her boyfriend didn't say anything but he was unsympathetic. Their apartment wasn't too far and I said goodbye, getting a great view of her pert wet ass as she climbed upstairs.

*037*2013-06-26 04:13

{{:

Your writing style is seriously good. It's a refreshing change of pace from a lot of the wetting content that tends to be out there. Just my $.02.

}}

Thanks, I appreciate that! I write for a few underground magazines friends of mine run (not omarashi related) so I have some grammar skills. I've read some stories out there that aren't written the best and while I appreciate the content and experiences, sometimes it's difficult to get the full effect without details and structure. Thanks for reading, I plan to keep updating when I'm not busy and in the mood to write! I'm observant so I have notebooks and notebooks of these experiences. :)

*039*2013-06-27 02:53

{{:

Well it doesn't seem like you're in any short supply.

}}

I have so many experiences in notebooks I worry about my family's reaction if I ever pass away in a freak accident.

*041*2013-06-27 03:22

Haha, well my husband does know I have these. He doesn't share my fetish and we don't bring it into the bedroom (other fun things to do!) but he's seen them and seen me reading certain sites. He's not interested enough to read them, really, but does like to occasionally make fun of me and threaten to tell my co-workers :-p Maybe he'll burn them for me first.

*043*2013-06-27 06:20

One night around 1:30 pm there was a crime committed ending in fatality on the main street the bar was on. Because of they hadn't located the criminal, the bars all got "locked in" to keep people from leaving while the police hunted for him. It wasn't a hugely busy night but the bar had a moderate amount of people in it. Since the bar was trying to close up and get their chores done despite a room full of people milling about, the bathrooms did eventually get cleaned and locked around 2:45 am or so.

For awhile they let people use them but crowds really wreck bathrooms and most people assumed the lock down would end soon so it wasn't seen as a huge deal. The lockdown actually lasted until about 4:30 am, so oh boy was there some desperation. I even had to pee quite a bit once the lock down let up and I wasn't drinking that night and I had used the bathrooms right before they were closed. These are the experiences I saw that I liked the most. I have an awful headache so I will probably only post one or two experiences now then update the other ones in a different post.

There was a Latino girl wearing a low cut red dress with matching red heels that were at least five inches. She had really sparkly eye makeup on and had adult braces. She had a wristband on, so I know she was at least 21 but she looked really young. She was chatting with her friends when she broke away and walked over to the bathroom and pulled on the door. She knocked, put her ear to the door, then waited for about five minutes. No one told her the bathrooms were locked and since they had been open for awhile after close she likely didn't realize the bar locked all of the bathrooms.

She went upstairs, I'm assuming to try that bathroom and came back a few minutes later looking pouty. I knew those were closed as well, and when she realized her fate after talking to a bartender she immediately sat down and crossed her legs. From the way I was sitting I could see that she was wearing a pair of light blue panties but I only got a fast glance at them as she shifted in her seat. I kept an eye on her but was also having a conversation with my friend (who also needed to pee badly, she'll be my next description) so I was distracted for awhile.

The next time I glanced up at her she was jiggling her legs and shifting in her seat regularly. She was loudly complaining about the lock-in and how she wanted to go home and find a toilet. Her legs were long and muscular, tanned to a beautiful caramel shade. Each time she changed position her dress crept up her legs and more and more of her smooth thighs were visible. She was now looking rather bad off, to the point I was ignoring my friend for the most part to watch her. The red dressed girl stood up and quickly walked with her legs together over to a staff member and pointed to the bathrooms. 

He shook his head no and she argued, but I couldn't hear their conversation. She was getting very agitated now and was getting louder to such a degree a police officer came over and spoke with her. I'm not sure what he said, but after talking to her she quieted down and walked back to her table. Someone else had taken her seat so she leaned against the table and crossed her legs tightly. I continued to watch her and from the time she spoke to a staff person to ten minutes later she was now bending forward regularly and holding her bloated bladder. The dress was so tight I could see the bulge and watched her dance on the spot for a moment. 

She hobbled over to a different staff member (a male, a total poon hound that was notorious for sleeping around on his wife) and pleaded with him. She kept her voice quiet and whispered in his ear a few times, then grabbed at her crotch through her dress. She whispered in his ear again and he went behind the bar, retrieved his keys, and escorted her upstairs. They returned about fifteen minutes later (which gave me time to spectate my friend's desperation) and once she returned her had a huge smile on his face and she looked relieved. I won't say what I believe they were doing in that upstairs bathroom but I have an idea.

Now, the friend I was with hadn't been to the bathroom since around eleven and had a larger bladder capacity than some of my other friends. Her name is Misty and she has long blonde hair, pert breasts, and was 21 at the time. She drank like a fish so she was rather drunk but not so awful she was throwing up or slurring her speech so badly I couldn't understand her. She wore tight jeans with sparkly studs on them and a black crop top. Once the lock down happened I thought she would go to the restroom but she didn't think to go when I did. Once the bathrooms were closed she started to voice her need to pee. Here are the parts of conversation I wrote down:

Misty: "I hope this lock up lets up soon, I need to pee."

Me: "Yeah, I don't think it will be that long, but I don't know honestly."

Misty: "Yeah, I hope not. I should have gone earlier, I really need to take a leak."

Me: "You, the queen of never peeing? Psht, doubt it."

Misty: "No, I'm serious! Waaaay too much beer."

Me: "Oh, is little Misty going to wet herself?"

Misty: "Shut up, I will not! I'd just like to get home and pee. Do you think traffic will be bad?"

Me: "Yeah, actually. I parked in the garage and I bet it will be a fifteen minute wait if all the bars are blocked off."

Misty: "Dammit, I bet nothing else will still be open by the time we get let out."

She had her legs crossed and was bouncing a tiny bit but seemed rather in control. I was shifting my attention back and forth between her and the girl in the red dress so I didn't watch her desperation grow until I was back to paying attention to her. This was around 4 am now so she didn't have much longer to go but Misty was showing her need more than I've ever seen. She isn't private about needing to pee, or anything, but usually she can just wait for awhile.

I actually had my suspicions before about her enjoying a full bladder since she will consume a lot of liquids, wait awhile, and then rush to the restroom all of the sudden with an impressive stream. At that time I was too embarrassed to ask but I regret that now. Anyway, over the next thirty minutes I watched her change her position multiple times, from leg crossing to standing, to pressing her thighs close together. Her cheeks were flushed and little beads of sweat were forming on her forehead.

Eventually she told me her jeans were cutting into her bladder and unbuttoned them. When she did this and had her legs crossed her zipper stayed up but eventually it snuck down, revealing that she didn't have any panties on. In jeans that tight I understood why and in those days I went commando often as well. Misty started saying things like "Wow, I need to go NOW!!" and getting really antsy until the cops released us from lockdown.

Once we reached the streets there were many desperate people milling about, many crossed legs and hobbles. We made our way to the parking garage and Misty wailed at the already backed up traffic. We had parked at the top of the garage and it was a ten minute walk to the garage anyway (neither of us lived as close as we used to, so a car was necessary unless we felt like a really long walk) so by the time we reached the top Misty was dancing on the spot. I saw a few women relieving themselves in the garages but didn't get the best views, just crouching down behind cars.

Misty climbed into the passenger seat and put a hand in her crotch, which was huge for her and meant she must have an ocean in her bladder. I've seen this girl go on cross-country flights without using the restroom so she could certainly hold quite a bit. The traffic getting out was stand-still almost, moving extremely slowly. After watching Misty bounce around in the car she said "Fuck this, I'm taking a piss" and hopped out. She ducked behind a still parked car so I couldn't see her stream, but her puddle began to pool and run in visible view to such a degree I imagined she had such a full bladder. When she got back in the car all she said was "Damn, I needed that!" and we continued on.

That's all for now, my head is killing me. I apologize for any grammar errors, I need to lay down and don't have time to proof read.

*044*2013-06-29 07:36

{{:

You're husband sounds like a very great, loving person. At least he's open minded about it! You're so lucky to have him!

}}

Thanks, I am! He's a wonderful guy and doesn't mind me having my little fetish for masturbation purposes.

*045*2013-06-30 20:42

It was "college night" at the bar which meant free cover (it was $5 on the weekends since it's technically a club) and 2 for 1 drinks with a valid student ID. It was slammed and I only showed up around 1:30 because I had to bring in an extra key that my boyfriend left at my place. I was getting tired of hanging out at the bar by now and hadn't seen much desperation lately so it was starting to bore me. I ran into about half of my software security class, which is surprising since most of them were very much home-bodies.

I decided to stay until two to chat and by the end of the night I realized the parking garage was going to be a nightmare. Two of my school co-workers asked if they could catch a ride with me, Jason and Claire. Claire's place was being renovated so she was staying with Jason and I thought they may have been dating but could never be sure. Claire was very mousy with thin brown hair that was always in a braid with a black headband. She was very pale with green eyes and never wore makeup, so she looked a lot younger than 21. That night she had on a simple pair of dark wash jeans and a black v-neck shirt. Claire, Jason and I headed out to our car at 2 am and just as we were walking out the door I saw Claire glance back inside, then back at the road, then back inside. I didn't think anything of it at the time, but now I know she was contemplating using the bathroom.

As we walked to the car I was right, the streets and parking lots were mobbed. College nights usually took over the entire block so most bars on the street were supporting their local colleges. It was a ten minute walk to the parking garage and when we arrived there was not only a lot of traffic to get out but there was an alcohol check-point right outside of the the garage where cops pulled over every car and if they suspected there was someone drunk driving they would have to pass a sobriety test.

We walked up three stories and on the second story I saw two girls squatting down and releasing their bladders next to a car, not really trying to hide themselves much. Jason mentioned that was disgusting and any respectable woman should be able to hold it until she got home. I told him he was a bully and laughed, but we moved on and got into the car. Claire rode up front since the back seat gives me motion sickness and we joined the endless line of cars waiting to crawl out.

Claire had her legs crossed but I didn't think much of it since that's a common position. We had been waiting for about twenty five minutes when I noticed Claire wiggling around a bit and suspected she needed to pee. She shifted positions a few more times and was even quieter than usual. It took about fifteen more minutes to reach the check point and the car in front of us was doing a sobriety test.

The driver did not pass so he was arrested and his car was put to the side to be towed, which took about ten minutes. We finally got through and were on the street but traffic was still terrible. By now I was sure Claire had to pee because her legs were crossed so tightly she was visibly shaking. Her entire body looked tense and she was tapping her foot.

On the way home, Jason asked if we could stop at the gas station so he could get a pack of smokes. I said sure and pulled over. Claire undid her seatbelt and looked like she was about to get out of the car when I asked where she was going. "Oh, just to the bathroom, I didn't get a chance to go in the bar." I informed her this gas station closed their doors to the public at 1 am and all purchases had to be made through a glass window. She looked really disappointed and I told her that I could stop somewhere else if it was an emergency but by this time Jason was back and she didn't say anything.

I figured she was too embarrassed to let him know she couldn't "hold it" and his place wasn't horribly far away. Claire's legs were crossed very tightly and she had a hand on her upper thigh that occasionally snuck into her crotch. We arrived at Jasons and quickly got out of the car and immediately crossed her legs and hobbled toward Jason's apartment. I didn't really see anything on the back of her pants but when I touched the passenger seat there was a small puddle of pee that must have leaked out.

*046*2013-07-03 01:17

I found this one in my notebooks for the bed wetting fans. It doesn't do much for me but I kept an account of it anyway:

One night after the bar closed my boyfriend called and told me a bartender's car had broken down and asked if I could come jump her car. It was about 2:45 am by now and he only had his motorcycle so I drove over and tried to jump it. After ten minutes of trying the car didn't respond and while she was a little upset, she decided she would call her roadside assistance and get it towed the next day. After some deliberation we decided I'd drive her to my boyfriend's place and we would all spend the night there since we were all tired, his place was closer to the bar than her's or mine, and I'd probably be dropping her off in the morning to get her car towed.

She didn't want to ride on the back of his bike and I don't blame her, so she got settled in my car around 3:30 am and we headed off. She was newer and I didn't know her well. Her name was Hillary and she was in her early to mid thirties. She didn't wear much makeup aside from mascara and had shoulder length blonde hair that was a little frizzy and in beach waves. She was about average sized for a woman of 5'4 and was wearing a black corset and black slacks.

After driving for a few minutes Hillary mentioned she really needed to pee and had her legs crossed. I kept an eye on her but she didn't say much else about her need the rest of the ride other than she regretted not peeing again before leaving the bar. She was quiet but didn't seem shy, probably just uncomfortable. She admitted she had drank a bit at the bar while cleaning up (they were allowed shift drinks and I assumed she had taken a few shots from customers at the bar while working) and her words were a little slurry so I assumed she was pretty drunk.

When we reached his place she rushed into the bathroom and I could hear her pee flow hit the toilet loudly. His walls were really thin and you could hear anyone peeing, but her stream seemed urgent. When she finished we discussed sleeping arrangements since he had a studio apartment with one bed and a shitty futon infront of the television. It was decided Hillary and I would share the bed since the futon was so terrible and my boyfriend felt badly sticking her on it. He also had to wake up early so it would be less likely to wake me up if he was in a different bed.

I lent her a pair of gym shorts I found within my drawer of things I kept at his place and she borrowed one of his t-shirts. We went to bed and neither of us had a wake up time so we didn't set an alarm. I woke up around 3 pm and noticed the sheets were wet. I touched my crotch to make sure I hadn't wet the bed since I've never had that habit and my crotch was dry but when I touched the sheets and mattress it was soaked and there was a pool of urine around Hillary.

I stood up and got out of bed, tripping over the nightstand and knocking over a glass. The noise woke her up and within a minute she noticed she had peed the bed. Hillary was really embarrassed, blushing and apologizing I told her it was no big deal, sheets could be washed, but I understood her humiliation. She mentioned sometimes when she drinks she wets the bed but not usually. We threw the sheets in the wash and I promised to never tell my boyfriend and I never did. Every time she saw me after that she blushed a little and I knew why.

*047*2013-07-03 06:53

There was a waitress/shot girl named Jane that was a bit snobby/bitchy and was about to be let go because of her attitude as well as how drunk she would get. Waitresses and bartenders were allowed to drink on shift but only a little bit and the waitresses were supposed to get permission before letting a customer buy them a drink or shot. Jane had gotten so shit-faced waitresses now had to only sodas or waters. The waitresses were getting really upset with her over this because she ruined their fun and hurt their sales. This is a little cruel but I was friends with two of the waitresses at the time and they asked me what they could do to "get her back" without losing their jobs or hurting her.

I suggested diuretic pills, but only a small dose so she would need to pee frequently throughout her shift and it would hurt her sales to her rushing off to the bathroom often. I had a stash of diuretic pills (not sure why, I think my old roommate used them to lose weight) but only gave the girls one pill so Jane wouldn't end up in the hospital. I didn't know this would be the outcome, but this is how this particular evening went:

Alyssa (waitress) put a diuretic pill inside a glass of cherry coke and let is dissolve before handing it to Jane and saying "drink this, I think the bartender fucked up and put some rum in here, I don't want it." Jane downed the drink and went on to her shift. That night Jane was wearing her uniform of a tight underbust black corset, a neon green bra and neon green booty shorts. She had also put on black fishnets and black low pumps. Jane's shift was 7 til 2 and I kept an eye on her but she was moving around so much I couldn't see her too often.

At this point my boyfriend was a co-manager and was someone Jane had to request bathroom breaks from. Around 9 pm Jane hurried up to my boyfriend and requested a bathroom break. She looked urgent and was bouncing a bit, sloshing some of the shots in her tray. He was annoyed with her behavior over the past few weeks and dismissed her by saying as soon as she finished selling her tray she could get her break. Jane returned around fifteen minutes later and requested the key. She hurried off to the employee bathroom and was practically running, dodging customers to relieve her bladder.

Every thirty minutes or so Jane kept asking for the bathroom key and the managers pulled her in the office to ask what was going on (if she was sick, if she was doing cocaine, etc.) She claimed she just really needed to pee and wasn't sick. They offered to send her home, especially since she was killing drink sales by running off so often and spilling her tray, but she insisted on staying.

Jane continued to request the key every half hour but the managers weren't giving it to her anymore, at least not right away, because they suspected she was going cocaine to be running off so often and didn't admit to having stomach issues. Around 1 am Jane had just gone about ten minutes before but still drinking waters and sodas customer's bought to boost her sales.

The influx of fluids in her bladder as well as the diuretic was really killing her bladder and the managers pulled her aside again and said she was either doing drugs or drinking alcohol to need to pee that often (she didn't mention a UTI or anything like that) so this was her last trip and then she had to wait until the bar was closed and no one was to give her the key.

I watched Jane throughout the night and she had really slowed down. She had sat down a few times and crossed her legs tightly, wriggling her little butt as she walked around with her tray. At one point she tried to sneak into the customer bathroom but it was such a busy night the manager's caught her standing in line and kept an eye on her. She was dancing around now, and had her legs crossed almost permanently between walking toward customers for drinks.

At 1:45 or so Jane begged again and again from the bathroom key and the managers told her no, she had fifteen minutes and then could go and to quit pestering her and sell drinks. Jane stood at a table with her legs crossed and her hand in her crotch, obviously getting close to her breaking point. She then ran over to a trash can, pulled her booty shorts and tiny g-string down, and hoisted herself up and pissed into the trash can, balancing against the bar. Many customers caught a look and she was fired on the spot for getting nude in front of customers. She just dropped her tray and walked out and while I felt a little badly to contributing to this, my boyfriend informed me it was likely her last night anyway because her attitude was awful and he had plenty of pretty girls applying for her position.

*049*2013-07-07 00:24

I want to keep this topic "hot" so I'll be posting a few more stories soon. I broke out the notebooks again and hunted down some I thought you guys might enjoy:

This is one of my last nights going to this bar. I had graduated college, broken up with my boyfriend, and started seeing my now husband. We went to the bar together since he knew one of the newer DJs and they were exchanging programs and songs. Anyway, I was up in the booth when I realized I had a fantastic view of everyone below, especially the dance floor which is usually just a mob of sparkly outfits.

A pretty brunette with very sharp features and a big ballerina bun on the top of her head, wearing a black knee length dress that poofed out at the waist, was in the middle of the dance floor looking lost. I took this chance to sneak away and approach her, asking if she needed anything. She had a thick french accent so I couldn't understand her much, but I speak a little so I asked if I could buy her a drink. She mentioned her friends were missing but I didn't know if she meant they had left or were just in the sea of people. She obliged and we decided to split a bottle of champagne (the DJ got me a 50% discount and a portion of one of the VIP lounges.)

Her name was Francesca and she said she was visiting someone she was related to, an aunt I think, but I didn't catch much of her conversation. Anyway, she drank away on the bottle of champagne and it was hitting her rather hard. She had taken off her shoes and climbed up on this little stand to dance, which gave me and a few other on-lookers a great view up her dress to a pair of red lace panties with a garter belt that connected to her sheer black thigh highs. She had on little black pumps as well (that she kept kicking off and putting back on) and was just dripping in sexy.

Eventually she climbed down and squeaked that she needed to pee. She put her heels back on and sashayed away, through the sea of people. She came back ten minutes later, took off her shoes, and sat on her heel. She breathed in her heavy accent the line was too long and she could wait. She was still sipping the champagne and it was almost all of the way gone, mostly her doing. I knew by now her bladder was full of expensive alcohol and she kept shifting positions and playing with the little wisp of hair that had fallen out of her bun.

The DJ had let my now husband take over for awhile and was in the VIP section with us, along with anyone that snuck up. He was pretty good at keeping the men out so he had his pickings with Francesca but there were a few girls bopping around. Francesca was snuggled up on his lap and they were kissing when suddenly she pulled away and ran to the corner of the booth. She squatted down and had her hands up her dress, I imagine struggling with the complicated garter system she had going on. She managed to unsnap one, visible by the way it coiled down her ankle, but couldn't manage the other one.

She stood back up and pulled the bucket the champagne was in off the table, sat down very composed, moved her butt to the edge of the seat, and put her hand up her dress as she held the champagne bucket beneath her. I imagine she was sliding her panties to the side since she couldn't pull them down. She released her bladder into the bucket and looked visibly satisfied, continuing to let go in complete public eye! She had her legs spread wide and was leaning back but there wasn't a visible stream. She had rather great aim. I will give her credit, she was rather discrete with the large poof of her dress. When she was finally done the bucket was halfway full of her hot pee, the ice melting quickly. She set it to the side of the section and throughout the night discarded her cigarette butts into it. The DJ didn't seem to mind her public display of urination and his hand was up her dress pretty quickly, right until he had to go back to the booth.

