A Weekend Away And No Loo: A Multi-Wetting Experience With Another Girl

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2014-11-13 13:36

Want to skip to the juicy part? I don’t blame you if you don’t fancy listening to my moral dilemmas- things start to happen just after the first *. This is my account of multiple wettings, every one is preceded by a set of asterisks. Enjoy!

It’s been a very long time since I wrote anything on this forum. My life’s been very busy of late and quite honestly I’ve felt fulfilled to a point where I haven’t needed to turn to this site for help or acceptance. But fuelled by a crazy experience this weekend, I turn to you with the question I’ve been asking myself.

It seems like forever ago that I moved to the UK. It was when I was first here that, for a short week, I got to know a girl who made me question a lot about myself. I told her things I’d never spoken face to face with anybody about. I felt so comfortable doing so because I knew we would not know each other past that week, and what ever judgments she formed would be insignificant once we parted ways. In the context of friendship, I talked to her about my fetish and she shared some of her own sexual experiments. Despite taking it to the next level and not just talking about these things, we said our goodbyes at the end of the week and hadn’t spoken since.

I’ve always been wary of what happened between us. The one big thing that she taught me was the uneasy realisation that against the social norm, boys weren’t really on my sexual radar. This isn’t the sort of realisation that happens overnight. For as much time as possible I’ve set it in the back of my mind and tried not to think of it. I hate the thought of having to come out to people, the idea that some of my longest known friends might think down on me. And so my way of avoiding it was to force myself to develop a false asexuality. Any experience I’ve had since seeing Hannah has been alone, in my room, in the woods, under that lovely tree on the bridal path. Alone. And I was happy that way. No pressure. No ‘coming out’. No judgements.

About six weeks ago I received an email from Hannah. It was the first contact we’ve had since meeting just under a year and a half ago. We were bot 18 at the time. Talking to her again online wasn’t quite enough, so we met up for lunch. Over the following weeks, despite the long journeys, we’ve met to spend time together as friends. She’s a very bright girl; self assured and respectably ignorant to the pressures society places on young women. It’s never easy for one to explain why a friendship works, all I can say is that despite not knowing each other for very long at all, she is my very best friend.

I never want to change our friendship. I worry how selfish this may be, but right now I just can’t hack the hassle of telling my family I have a girlfriend. Nor do I want the extra pressure a relationship bring our true friendship to a close. My biggest question, which I hope you can answer, is will it ever work if we’re ‘friends with benefits’. Can that even exist between two girls? Is that something you’ve ever experienced?

This is all sparked by the very surreal experiences of last weekend. Hannah’s parents (who she lives with in London) were going away to celebrate their anniversary. Alongside their home in the capital they also own a small place in the South of France, and so that Hannah didn’t feel left out whilst they were away, her parents had given her the keys to their holiday home. I was thrilled when Hannah invited me on a long weekend away with her. We flew out and arrived around midday on Friday.

The weather was warmer than home, but it was a little overcast and drizzly. Despite this we took a long walk through the beautiful countryside, and settled in to the villa after having a meal in a local restaurant. It was all very exciting, the villa had three bedrooms: the master with it’s en-suit, a smaller room with a single bed, and a third room we never went in. I agreed that it would be nice to sleep in the double with Hannah, and so late Friday evening we settled down together. We’ve shared each other’s beds a few times recently, it’s fully excepted and not at all awkward between us. We were friends on a sleep-over.

But there was one elephant in the room. The first time we’d met we’d shared a life changing sexual bedwetting experience. This was something neither of us had mentioned since getting back in touch. Now, away in a foreign country on what could have been perceived as a ‘romantic’ weekend, the elephant in the room was growing bigger. Just after slipping on some short pyjamas, I got up and began to head for the washroom. I hadn’t peed since being on the plane.

“Charlie,” came Hannah’s voice from behind me. I turned to face her, my hand on the door handle. “I… um…” despite faltering, her speech was still very confident. “Come and sit down for a minute,” she gestured to the bed. I did as I was told. “I wanted to say on earlier, I still think about what happened in the hotel. It stays with me- what we did,” she looked into her lap and smiled, a little glint of pride in her eye. “When I got home I googled it,” my heart leapt into my mouth as she continued. Was she about to say she’d found this forum? Had she read what I’d written about her? I felt my cheeks flaring up.

“I found a Yahoo Answers page…” My heart slowed again, but I was still anxious. Part of me had been desperate for this conversation to happen. “…it was a girl asking a question in which she wrote a story about a very naughty thing she’d done,” I listened intensely as she continued, a smile on her face and a sparkle in her eye. “She’d said how one week when her parents were away, she banned herself from using the loo. She slept in their bed, and rather than weeing in the toilet, every time she needed to go she went back into her own bedroom and peed on her bed, then went back to her parents to sleep.”

I was astonished. I didn’t know what to say. There was a warm fuzzy feeling in me. Hannah explained the rest of what this one girl had done, and said how she was turned on by the story. She’d read the answers which gave her a little more information about the fetish but ultimately, she explained, the story had done one thing. “It made me want to try it- really badly want to,” Hannah told me. There was a long pause. I was very aware that my lip was twitching as I tried to figure out what I would say.

*

“Are you… well do you want to…” I stammered, perched on the edge of the bed “is that why we’re…”

“Well now’s as good a time as any,” she said, confidently cocking her head to one side, her big pleading eyes absorbing me.

“So…” once again I tried to find the words, “Well I kinda need to go now…” I was beginning to get really excited.

“So go to the guest room,” she grinned ear to ear, “While you were out on the phone earlier I put a mattress cover on the bed in there. Enjoy it, and come back to this bed when you’re done.” Once again she gestured to my spot in the bed. “So from now on,” she continued, “…all the time we’re here and if it’s just a wee-wee you need: the toilet is out of bounds. Would you like that?”

I was overwhelmed. Unable to form words, I simply nodded.

“Go on then.” She winked at me, tucked her long hair behind one eye and rolled over in bed. I stood, my legs felt weak, my knees slightly shaky. Then, trying to keep my cool, I walked out and made my way through the unfamiliar rooms to the guest room. I didn’t feel the need to shut the door behind me, instead I stood in the dark room looking down at the single bed in front of me. It was lit only by the moonlight through the open curtains. Hannah had taken off the duvet and pillows, leaving only a crisp dry sheet over the waterproof cover. She’d put two large towels down on the floor in front of the bed. None of it felt real. My heart fluttered in my chest, my breathing quivering. I couldn’t work out what to do with myself.

After a moment to figure out a few practicalities, I decided to treat it as if I was just sitting on the loo. I pulled my short PJ bottoms down to my shaking knees, then sat my nervous bottom on the edge of the dry bed. I was still wearing my pale coloured panties. It took a few deep breaths to calm my body. Inside my panties I felt warm and fuzzy. I closed my eyes. Took another deep breath. Relaxed.

My pee hole filled. Then, breaking the silence with a gentle hissing, I began to wet the bed. The warm yellow liquid filled my panties. A tingle shot up my spine. The hissing grew louder, my bottom wetter. I was throbbing, excitement rushing through me. My hands were trembling as more and more warm pee gushed straight through the panties, puddling around my bottom and warming my lap. It felt amazing. Very wrong, very dirty, even more naughty. But extremely good.

Eventually I finished. The hissing faded away and the final dribble came to a close. I smiled to myself, and as I stood drips of my pee trickled out of my panties and tickled as they ran down my legs. I took off my pants, leaving them wet with my pee-pee in the puddle I’d made on the bed. Then, trying to calm myself back down, I pulled my shorts up over my naked wet bottom, and headed back to bed.

“Goodnight,” was the only thing Hannah said as I climbed in. I tried to work out when she last went to the loo, and wondered if she’d be visiting the other room anytime soon. It was my final thought before I drifted asleep.

**

Saturday morning came quickly, a sign I had slept very deeply that night. Hannah was already outside, taking a phone call. I could hear the kettle coming to a boil in the kitchen and got up to poor some coffees. On my way past the other bedroom, I stopped to look in. It smelled pretty strong. Hannah had been in there since I’d wet last night. She’d left a sizeable puddle to the left of where I’d sat. It had stained the sheet yellow and you could see where, unable to absorb further than the mattress cover, it had run off the edge of the bed and splashed over the towel on the floor. It was an odd shaped stain on the sheet. I couldn’t quite work out what position she must have been in. One of the towels that was spread neatly on the floor was now scrunched in one corner- she’d obviously used it to wipe herself down after finishing. I also noticed a packet of wet wipes had been put on the bedside table.

Looking at it all, I felt butterflies doing a little excited dance in my tummy, and stepped forward for my morning pee. I gently ran my fingertips through the wet patch Hannah had left. It wasn’t completely cold: she must have done it just before heading outside. With the window slightly open so I could hear the birds outside, I knelt on the bed. The pyjama shorts I was wearing were quite short, and with a little reposition of the fabric I managed to expose myself so that I could pee down one leg. It was unlike any wetting position I’d tried before. The thick, morning stream of pee shot down my thigh. I gripped the tightly scrunched soft fabric of the PJs, trying my best to keep the spray away from them. The rich pee pooled under my knees, the warmth tingling as I emptied my bladder’s straight onto the bed. It felt undeniably good. But the kettle had boiled, and so I denied myself further pleasures and wiped down.

After both taking showers, we spent most of the day out. Hannah wanted to show me some of the places she’d visited on family holidays to the villa. Other than a very brief discussion over breakfast, we didn’t really talk about the bed that was sitting dripping with our pee back at the villa. She’d mentioned early in the day that she wanted to keep the window open and the door shut (to keep the smell from becoming an issue), but added that she felt turned on every time she stepped in there. On the whole, we acted entirely as friends with the occasional giggly immature conversation anytime something sexual popped up. I’m sure anyone around us found us highly irritating. But that didn’t bother me.

***

Back at the villa in the evening, I was the first to yet again head for the single bedroom. As I swung open the door a familiar fuzzy joy hit me. But this time there was added reason. Hannah was following me in. My heart was beginning to race again, and my breath grew short. We were both still fully clothed in tight fitting jeans. With the window open, the room was a little on the chilly side. The sheet was still very wet from the morning.

I turned to smile a Hannah as she shut the door behind her. I think it was obvious I was nervous. Timidly, I pulled down my jeans and sat in my panties on the edge of the cold, wet bed.

“Awwww, you’ve been sitting down!” Hannah said in a sweet voice. I went to stand, not sure if I was doing the right thing. “No,” she said, stopping me, “It’s cute. Stay there.” I did as I was told and she turned to sit next to me, our legs not quite touching. She hadn’t lowered her jeans, and looked into her lap, fidgeting with her hands. Unsure of where to look, so did I. There was an awkward silence. I was too on-edge to pee, but never the less tried to encourage encourage myself to go. The silence was broken by a muffled hiss coming from Hannah’s lap. My excitement grew. I looked out the corner of my eye to see a long dark wet patch shooting along the inside of her jeans. I heard her breath a sigh of relief as the stream started, and couldn’t take my eyes off of the big black stain filling her thighs. Around her bottom, the cold wet sheet became the base for a shallow glistening puddle of her wee.

She’d finished before I’d managed to start. I sat in awe, unable to peal my eyes of her little bottom as she stood. The moment she was off the mattress, the depression around my cheeks became the new home for the puddle of her wee. It swamped around me, the warmth a stark contrast to my shivering bottom previously dampened by the old, cold pee. She stood with her back to me, my eyes still fixed on the glistening wet patch. It was the shape of a heart, formed up around her two cute pert buttocks and sweeping down the back of her legs. She pulled off the wet jeans and, leaving them in a heap on the floor, wiped herself down and left the room. I watched her naked legs disappearing round the corner, my mind a haze. Inside my panties I was getting puffy and sticky. I closed my eyes and peed.

By the time I was back in the bedroom she was already under the covers. We smiled at each other as I climbed into bed. I drifted to sleep that night thinking of the first of Hannah’s wee-wees I’d seen. Her surprise at the fact I’d sat down to pee gave me the impression she’d been standing up to go. That might, I thought, further explain her reasoning for putting towels down.

****

Sunday morning came and once again I woke to an empty bed. Hannah was up, I presumed in the kitchen, so I got up to join her. As I headed for the sound of the boiling kettle, I walked past the other bedroom. The door was open, and standing boldly upon the towel, her petit figure leaning slightly over the bed, was Hannah. She had her pyjama pants down round her ankles, her legs slightly apart and both hands contorting her crotch so that her wee was directed right onto the bed sheet. Her naked bottom was silhouetted by the window opposite her, the thick stream backlit brightly by the rising sun. Her stream was making the most amazing thundering sound as it hammered down over the already wet sheet. Because of the amazing backlighting, I could see every droplet of the spray as her hot morning wee doused the bed. Reluctantly I walked on, not wanting to give the wrong message if she turned round and saw me staring, my jaw practically on the floor.

We spent the majority of Sunday in the villa. We had to leave for the airport late Monday morning, time to exploit the pee-pee bed was passing quickly. Every time I'd peed on that bed I'd gotten more and more horny. I was consciously trying not to think about, just because every time I did I was desperate to play with myself. Both me and Hannah visited it on a couple of separate occasions as the day passed. I was sure I was not the only horny one, and it was hard to ignore how strong the sexual tension was beginning to grow. Just friends, I had to remind myself.

When it came to bedtime I tried standing to pee, just like I'd seen Hannah doing. That turned out to be really fun and I went to sleep that night quite unbelieving of the whole bizarre situation these last few days had seen me in.

*****

I woke sometime in the small hours of the morning after dreaming about the pee soaked bed in the next room. My immediate thought was 'Oh goodness! Have I wet this bed?', not that I thought Hannah would have minded. I hadn’t. But as I lay there awake, next to Hannah peacefully sleeping, I found it impossible to distract myself from the incredible desire to play. Quietly, I slipped out of bed. I was horny, desperate to touch myself. So much so that as I sneaked off to the other bedroom I couldn't help but slip a hand down my PJ shorts for a quick teasing play. I got into the other room and climbed onto the bed, sitting cross-legged in my PJs in the very middle of the mattress. The sheet was wet with cold pee. I was feeling really turned on. Inside my panties I throbbed.

Looking up for a moment I realised I'd left the door open, but just before I got up to shut it Hannah drifted quietly round the corner. My heart raced. Her long dark hair cast a soft shadow down one side of her face as her silky pyjamas shimmered in the moonlight. She smiled at me and giggled cheekily as she stepped up onto the bed.

My hands began to shake, my tummy filled with nerves. I sat tight as she dropped down close behind me. She stretched her legs out round me and brought her arms across my front. Her body was warm as it pressed into my back, her arms firmly embracing me. I felt an incredible sense of security, combined with an overwhelming sense of calm. My racing heart slowed once again, and I found myself resting quite contented in her arms.

A while past. Still firmly embracing me, Hannah's arms begun to drift. One arm wrapped around my chest and the other slipped further down. Oddly, I could not have been more relaxed. As her gentle fingertips dragged sensitively into my pants, a small, warm dribble filled my soft cotton underwear.

"Go on," Hannah whispered tenderly and slowly as she caressed my pussy, "let it all out."

I had no control. Pee flowed in a thin stream into my panties. As it did, the warm fuzzy feeling was taking over my crotch. My heart was picking up again, pumping faster and seeming to miss beats. I tried to keep my breathing calm, but I just wanted to gasp. Then it happened, Hannah let her bladder go. Hot wee splashed against my bottom, soaking my shorts and the back of top. All of a sudden both our bottoms were engulfed in the hot yellow puddle. I couldn't hold back anymore and pushed both my hands into my pants. Hard pleasure shot up my spine as I furiously rubbed. The bed flooded with Hannah's torrent of hot wee.

In full flow she began rubbing herself up against me. With her body pressed so tightly against mine, I could feel her racing pulse and her fast warm pants against my neck. Both her hands pushed into my pants where her pee soaked palms wrapped around my knuckles. Her fingers were nimble and knew exactly where to go. Waves of pleasure engulfed my body as harder and harder she rubbed up against me. Her grip on my hands was strong. I breathed faster and deeper, trying but failing to hold back.

The pleasure was getting just too great. Every sense was exploding: flashes of bright colours seemed to punctuate each and every time she slipped her fingertips in and out of me. I could feel it coming on, my thighs were trembling. I gasped for air as unbearable pleasure took over. I pulled her hands away and immediately a gush of hot cum filled my panties. splashing both of our hands, it was enough to send Hannah over the edge. To the crescendo of her moans I furiously rubbed myself, once more allowing hot sticky cum to squirt into my pyjamas.

We both lay back on the wet bed, exhausted. We talked, and after a little while took a shower together. Together we cleaned the room and set a wash-load on with all the pee stained fabrics from the past few days. After a long lay in it was time to pack for the journey to the airport. Hannah was still very adamant that the washroom was to remain unused, and so it was that my final pee on French soil was quite literally that- squatting and watering the grass outside with Hannah.

We spoke a lot about what we did, and together we agree that we are indeed friends with benefits. Yesterday we spoke on the phone to arrange a shopping trip next week.

*005*2014-11-15 22:49

Thank you for your kind responses! Glad you enjoyed hearing about it. :)

{{:

This is your best story yet, have you thought of writing fiction?

}}

Thank you. I would love to write fiction, but my imagination is a little lacking :/ xx

*007*2014-11-16 16:39

{{:

...yea I already know.

}}

Glad you liked it :) I wonder sometimes if my parents have ever suspected... it must seem a little odd that by the age of 19 I still haven't had a boyfriend. She's never mentioned it though. xx

*011*2014-11-18 16:21

{{:

Oh my god... Amazing as ever! :D

}}

Thank you xx

{{:

I'm not gonna lie. I red this and just did the same thing. Once I get my energy back in going to need to assist and that felt amazing ad out was amazing to read. I couldn't help it I had to finish both reading this and a little fondling. Too bad I was some in my room...

}}

Wow! Really pleased you were inspired x

*013*2014-11-18 22:46

It's good fun isn't it? Makes me feel very naughty... x

*016*2014-11-22 19:27

{{:

Very great story, glad to read another one of yours after a while. Good to see that you became friends with Hannah again too, sounds like a lot of fun. :)

}}

Thank you :) x

*018*2014-12-03 10:07

Oh wow! Glad you enjoyed it you naughty boy! Xx

*022*2015-01-05 12:32

{{:

That's such an amazing story. I wish I could share an experience like that with someone.

}}

Thank you :) And I'm sure you'll find the one, never stop searching until you do! x

