Picture Day Nightmare

Author: Luna Love

*000*2014-02-05 01:30

Hello my friends :) its me Luna and yesterday I asked you guys what kind of experience you would like me to share, and as I expected School Wetting won by a quite large margin. Thanks to all of you who voted and I'm just writing this now as I got very ill last night (Fever an so on) But, im feeling a little better :)... So now lets get right into my story

This experience takes place in 7th grade it was the beginning of the school year and it was picture day. My mother had planned what I would wear for the pictures, and it was a pretty outfit if I remember well. It was a bright pink skirt and I wore a colorful flower top and a black jacket. That night as usual I wore a diaper to sleep (I started to wear towards the end of 6th grade since I was starting to have a lot of accidents haha) When I woke up the next morning it seemed I had a larger accident than usual as the Diaper had leaked and got on my Pjs and bed spread. To make matters worse both me and my mother had over slept so I ran to wake he up and me and her cleaned up my mess.

From waking up late I only had maybe ten minutes to get dressed for picture day and eat something for breakfast. I quickly got dressed and did my hair to look somewhat better than someone who just saw a ghost. I quickly ate some eggs and drank two cups of orange juice as I was thirsty (Really bad idea haha) I walked fastly to the bus stop and rode to school.

The way picture day worked at my school was you went and took your picture with your Social studies/ History class. I had history during 4th period. Onward everyone was dressed all nice the gals looking absolument magnifique (absolutely beautiful) and most of the boys where beau (handsome). Everyone wanted to look nice in their individual picture and their class picture. It was a serious thing for us middle school kids.

So, I went on with my day getting through the boring first two periods of the day. Now by the time I reached third period although I felt my bladder start to ask for the relief of the juice I drank earlier. I just ignored the urge to go and went on with my work thinking I could wait until lunch time since that was easiest time to use the bathroom. Although it was not that simple to ignore as I expected with about 10 minutes left in 3rd period I started to have to cross and uncross my legs to sooth my bladder.

You would think by now I would have learned from all the previous accidents I had at school (and I mean a lot) I would be able to know that I should just ask to use the bathroom instead of holding it in. Alas I was foolish as usual and sat in discomfort until the bell rang ten minutes later and I walked my way down to my social studies class ready for the pictures. I arrived to my class on time and all the talk was about how nice we all where dressed and so on. By the time the late bell had rung I was actually in a bad state I practically was dancing in place to keep my pee in since I wasn't going to hold myself in the middle of class.

Now, I knew at this point it was time to ask to use the restroom. So I got up and walked to my teachers desk and asked to use the bathrooms. My social studies teacher was a nice lady and any other time would allow me to go relieve my bladder. But, today she sadly reported to me that all restrooms where closed until after all the staff pictures where taken. So, with my luck that staff pictures being taken right before my classes pictures meant no one could open the restroom until then ( To clarify the teacher who would do bathroom duty was on of the teachers taking their picture, only teachers who had lunch or bathroom duty took their pictures 4th period)

I walked away from my teachers desk crushed somewhat because I knew I really had to go and I deep down in my heart didn't want to have another accident in school. I shook it off although as I heard my teacher call out “Alright, everyone line up its time to go get our pictures taken” I shuffled my way over to the line like everyone else but kept to the back as I was trying to avoid everyone seeing me doing a pee dance.

My class arrived down to the gym for our pictures and we sat in the bleachers where we waited for out turn for pictures, and with my amazing luck so far that day my class was scheduled as the 5th class out of six to go so I would have to wait at least twenty more minutes for all pictures and bathroom to open... As I sat there in the bleachers I tried my hares to not focus on my aching bladder. I was actually not feeling to bad until some idiotic boy playing around bumped into me and pushed my off my seat on the cold gym floor. It shocked me quite a bit, and it shook my bladder and from that it started a small stream of pee to be released. I quickly stoped the flow but I knew that I had decently soaked my panties.

I got back up and checked my skirt, luckily no pee had gotten on my skirt from that ordeal. But, no I really had to pee I was practically bursting sitting there in wet panties praying that I could hold it all in. I sat there for 5 more minutes which by this point I didn’t care if anyone saw I as shifting back and forth basically dancing in my seat trying my best to stem the urge to urinate myself right then and there.

Finally at last my class was called up to take our pictures. First up was individual picture, you know one that get put in the year book and given out for relatives to buy. I was towards the front of the line for that. So, when it was my turn I went up and sat on the little stool for my picture. The photographer walked over and all of a sudden started to brush my hair and immediately hit a knot, this was painful and I was detracted from my bladder and leaked a small stream into my panties re warming the wet urine from earlier. I stoped it quickly like the previous time but was so close to losing it all.

After that near disaster I smiled briefly as she took my picture and I rushed off to get ready for the class picture. It took five minutes for everyone else to finish getting their pictures taken. By then while leaning against the wall waiting I had leaked a couple drops every 30 seconds or so. My panties by now where completely soaked but my skirt was un touched which to me was all that mattered. My whole class lined up and we where told to stand still and smile. It took all my will power but I managed to smile and stand still long enough for the picture. But, now that the pictures where done I ran over and asked my teacher to let me go use the bathroom. She saw my state and wrote a little note and signed it, as she didn't have her passes with her.

I practically ran to the bathroom hoping that it was open since the bathroom lady had he picture taken already. I arrived and to my relief saw she was there... But as quickly as I had saw my relief it was taken away as some girl ran out of the bathroom shouting about some pipe busting (My school had so many plumbing problems its ridiculous -_- ) She told me to scurry off back to my class. I was nearly in tears as I walked across the school hoping now that the other bathroom was open... As I walked I was oblivious to everything just my bladder.

I was nearly there when I felt my bladder spasm I reached down towards my crotch and jammed my hands into my bladder and felt as warm pee filled my hands and drenched my panties and skirt. I stopped the flow barley but half my bladder had basically emptied itself. I still with hands holding bladder attempted to move a couple steps.. But, as I started to walk another spasm hit my bladder like a train and no matter what I tried there was not stopping this flow

I just slid down next to the wall sitting there as all I heard was the hissing sound of pee drenching my panties and skirt. I sat there in my puddle of urine until one of my friends sent by my teacher found me and helped me walked to the nurses office to call my mum for a pair of cloths... And to this day I cant help and giggles at the face on my friend as she saw me just sitting there in yellow pee, it was priceless.

I thank you all for reading my story and hope you enjoyed reading as much as I did writing it, I plan to continue these stories and will continue to work on my fanfic series I plan on writing. Until I write again I hope you guys have a une journée remplie magique <3 Luna Love :)

*003*2014-02-05 22:32

{{ 

Totally hot! lucky you didn't lose it during the photo huh?!

}}

Yeah, haha wouldn't have looked to good in the class picture

Luna :)

