Barbara's accidents....and tickling her

Author: aqua

*000*2011-12-07 06:35

Barbara was a girl I knew in high school, a friend but not a girl friend. Very pretty, lovely breasts, not self conscious. Sometimes we hung out together, with others or just the two of us. I love to look her breasts, often her shirt or blouse would give me (and others, lots of others) a nice opportunity, her top button or two open, her bra (sometimes low cut) showing, or a nice view down her blouse. And sometimes, less often, she'd sit so her pantie were on display. And one day she and I were at her house, supposedly doing homework (well, we did some), but at this point hanging out, she on the phone with a good girlfriend and me bored. I don't remember how it began, but I started to tickle her, more and more, she laughingly, saying 'no, stop', but not meaning it and still trying to talk on the phone.

At some point she got really hysterical , her beige skirt at this point way up her legs, and said, more or less, 'stop or I'll pee'. Well, hardly a warning for me, and i kept tickling her...and now her skirt above her simple white cotton bikini panties (my favs), and she holding herself with one hand, her other on the phone. And then she began to totally flood her panties, skirt, the floor (we were on her bedroom flood) and I kept tickling her....all of a sudden, with warning, she was peeing everywhere...including on my leg. I was, again all of a sudden, about to cum in my pants as she flooded everywhere. I focused on her white panties, stained with yellow pee, somewhat transparent from the wetness...and I felt myself coming. Barbara notice...I had on light colored pants...wet on the let from her pee, wet in the crotch from my cum.

I was both embarrassed and totally turned on at the same time. I think she was, too. Finally she stopped wetting herself, and I relaxed after my orgasm. Both of us red in the face. She got off the phone, god knows what she said to her friend, I stopped thinking about it.

She got up, pulling her wet skirt down, and I sat upright. I don't remember exactly what she said, but she went to clean up and change, and I...well, I didn't know what to do...wet pants leg and cum stained pants....luckily no parents at home. When she came back, robe on, from the bathroom, she said, thankfully, 'let's clean you up, too', and I put on her dad's robe and she washed my pants (although I kept my damp underpants on).

We actually didn't speak about what happened for about two years, the first year I was in college and she was a high school senior.

At a Christmas party we renewed our friendship, and while a few drinks later, I mentioned her wetting accident. She sort of flushed, but not really, and said, "Well, that wasn't the only time I peed myself." All of a sudden I was totally focused. "Oh, you've peed you pants other times? Care to share?"

She told me about three other times she had wet herself, but in vary different circumstances. I'll describe those in another post, as she told them to me, but a teaser: First time on a bus after school going home; second time taking the SAT's (the U.S. college entrance exam); and the third time coming home from shopping.

More of what she told me later.....

*005*2011-12-12 15:45

We had a future as friends, that's all. As I said in the post, I'll write about about a few times she told me she wet herself, but I never say her have another accident. At the time I was too embarrassed about being turned on by a girl who wets (as well as embarrassed about cuming in my pants (which I might have done anyway even had she not peed in her panties and all over herself and me). But such is life...more another time.

*009*2012-02-23 17:59

Here's what Barbara told me about wetting her panties, tights and skirt while taking the SAT exams. She was wearing a dark blue skirt and matching tights and white cotton panties (mostly all she ever wore in high school, OK by me...). She was toward the end of the first half of the exam, before a break, and realized she had to pee badly but put it out of her mind. She said she wasn't particularly anxious. Maybe 10 or so minutes before the break she felt that she was about to wet herself but tried to ignore it as she knew that if she went to the toilet she'd half to turn in her exam and she wasn't finished. 

Minutes before the break (she was looking at the clock every now and again) she felt a release into her panties. She tightly crossed her legs and pushed her hand between her legs, stopping the brief flow. She hadn't wet herself since her first major accident on the bus (of which more another time), but was slightly panicked. She went back to work, but again released pee into her panties and this time she was sure onto her dress as well. Again managing to stop by holding herself she managed to finished the exam. Once she had closed the exam book she realized her ass wet damp, wondering how much she wet herself, and feeling slightly blushed with embarrassment.

It felt like forever until the proctor told the students they could get up, and while getting up she peed more, this time down her legs somewhat, she didn't know how much. She walked quickly to the toilets, but a line had already formed out of the door of the girl's bathroom. again, another release of pee running down her legs as she stood in line her legs tightly crossed.

She thought she wasn't going to be able to hold off a major and embarrassing flood and almost without thinking she ran into the boy's bathroom. Turned on at her story, I asked her was she thinking that she really be embarrassed in the boy's room if there were no stalls free and she stood there wetting herself. She said she never actually thought about that possibility, but just ran in. Lots of boys turned to look at her and she said something like, "Sorry but this is really an emergency, I'm peeing myself." That did get attention, as did she, a really cute, pretty girl in the boys room saying she was wetting her panties...but all this took only seconds and indeed a stall was free.

Barbara told me that when she actually saw the stall and its door open, she began to pee in long, long spurts, and by the time she got inside and pulled up her dress she was already wetting herself fully. Yanking down her tights and panties in one pull, she landed on the toilet and finished. She dried her panties and tights as best she could, but her tights were wet below the knees and of course her panties soaked. She pulled them up and checked her skirt: wet but almost impossible to see the wetness as it was a very dark blue. 'Thank god I wore that', she thought. she quickly walked out of the stall and ran to the door, ignoring whatever the boys were saying. WHile on the toilet she did hear comments like: 'there's a girl in here'; 'she was peeing herself she said' and 'wow...i'd like to be in that stall with her' and 'how come she didn't pee in the urinal?'

I loved the story and told Barbara that. She smiled, took another sip of her drink and said, 'OK, now that I'm telling you the times I've wet myself, I've got one more, and only one more. It was the first time I ever had this happen.'

I'll save that for another time.

