Peed my pants in public

Author: Pdpatti

*000*2015-02-07 07:19

I was on the street downtown having just left my workplace and I had to pee really bad. Why I didn't go to the bathroom before leaving my building I do not know, but I was paying for that mistake now. I stood there waiting for the bus in my gray skirt suit with my legs jammed together trying to stave off my need to pee. After noticing that my bladder was really full I had to try something different to hold it in.

I walked around in a circle hoping that movement would help me hold it but I didn't want to walk too far from the bus stop as missing the bus would be a disaster. I couldn't believe how bad I needed to go in such a short time. Eventually the prancing steps I was taking were not having any effect on my ability to hold my pee. I had to try another tactic.

I bent over a little and crossed my legs but I noticed several men looking at me and smiling as if they knew what I was going through. I didn't want everyone to know that I had to pee so I stepped into a store front and stood with crossed legs where I was a bit concealed from view. Where was that bus, for crying out loud. I was dying to shove my hand into my crotch to hold it but my skirt was a bit too tight to allow it. Besides that would have made it obvious that I needed to pee. I toughed it out in the store front with my legs crossed when finally the bus appeared.

I was afraid I wouldn't be able to uncross my legs to walk to the bus but I did and even managed to take a seat opposite the rear door. Once seated the urge to pee began to reassert itself and I had to cross and recross my legs while squirming and fidgeting in the seat in an attempt to convince my bladder that I was in motion to get it to a bathroom. The last time I remembered having to pee this bad was in high school. I surely didn't want to think about the outcome of that incident.

I was almost at my stop when I lost control and started peeing on myself. My tightly crossed legs made the escaping pee puddle into my lap soaking my skirt in front and on the side as it spilled over into the seat. While I didn't void I did pee myself to the extent that it was obvious that a grown woman had wet herself like a child. I was on the verge of tears but I had better control of my tear ducts than my bladder. I rang for my stop and made the walk of shame for the block to my apartment.

It was a warm summer evening and a lot of my neighbors were sitting out and could see the new girl on the block had wet her pants.

It was a most humiliating experience.

