My girlfriend made me pee myself in the beach

Author: Laurita

*000*2015-03-07 15:48

Hello again! :) I would like to tell you all something that happened to me on the last summer, when I was with my girlfriend (now ex) in an hotel near the beach ^^

We were going to the beach like usually, she was 21 years old, I was 18. She always was stunning, I loved her, she was redheaded and freckless, and very beautiful... We went to the beach, we stayed in the sand relaxing and then we went to the water.

When we stayed like an hour in the sea water, I really needed to pee, but I was to shy to do it in front of her (we where playing and swimming), so I holded it until I was on the limit... A few minutes later she perceived that I needed to pee, so she said me to go more to the deep, where the water was at the height of our neck, and we did it.

When I was there, she stared at my eyes and I felt shy because I was in love with her, ''what happens?...'' I asked her shyly, and she replied, getting closer to my face, while her breath was caressing my lips ''I want you to pee... I know you are holding, do it right now.''.

She said it in a very steady voice, so I felt really submissive, but I was very ashamed, sometimes we had a little pee game, but not like this, we where in a public place, so I was very very shy... She grabbed my waist softly and she kissed me very slowly, a little trickle of pee went of and I inmediately go back, afraid of peeing myself.

She grabbed me again and whispered at my ear ''relax your bladder... that's an order.''. She said it in a very strong tone, like we were in the army, and I fell in her spell when she kissed my lips again, very slowly and softly... My body was hers, and I obey and let my bladder relax... I love the feeling of the relief of the bladder, all turned very warm arround us, I felt the pee caressing my entire body underwater... She giggled archly and stared at my eyes seductively... I was very ashamed... But that night on the hotelroom she made me everything she wanted :$ so... happy end? hahahaha I loved how she dominated me...

That's all :) I hope you liked it! I have more experiencies, I'll try to share it here with all of us ^^ Love ya! <3

