Little more info and Two Short experiences

Author: Luna Love

*000*2014-01-23 03:24

Bonjour mes amis c'est encore moi

Luna

Haha, for any of you who don't know already I'm French and I figured I throw in some french in this experience to help me feel more at home in my writings. Oh, and the phrase above states “Hello my friends it's me again”

First off I want to say to the ones of you who commented on my first post, I would love to tell you how grateful I am for your complements on my English, I'm still really surprised I did as well as you guys think. So, I promise I wont go on a whole crazy mumble session again, but I would also like to add in some things I forgot to mention about myself in the first experience post. To start off for you guys who just wanna hear my experience it will be below the paragraph after next. (if that makes any sense)

Okay now there is honestly two or three things I forgot to mention in my introduction post... First off I’m a giant and I mean giant Taylor Swift fan haha... here is a link of my background http://gyazo.com/91d2e8fb2230b950a96517c57086335f

It also shows how I am a video game fan... Okay I'm a Nerd haha as I said before... My final thing on the top of my head I forgot to mention in my first post was I love Diapers xD … I wear them whenever I just feel like having a planned wetting, but I also must admit I wear them during the day sometimes too (blush blush) I feel safe in them and enjoy their feeling... This may be from earlier experiences in my school years, but that’s for another story It's time for the actual experience or experiences ;)

So, in this post I figured I have a series of maybe two or three stories (small ones) to share since im still working on getting my major story/Experience written...

The first story is the kindergarten accident, Oddly enough this is the only accident I had in my home country of Canada (Well besides being a baby haha)... It was I think it was towards the end of the school year but im not sure a little shaky one this one was so long ago. But any way that day we where celebrating someones birthday a boy who honestly I remember this much I hated -_- , But we had cookies and juice... Alot, and a lot of juice... Which of course is not the best thing for a young 6 year old bladder that fills quickly by its own self let alone assisted by juice. So, as you would expect shortly after drinking all this juice my bladder filled... It filled and was like a water balloon it was going to pop with just a little bit of added pressure.

From what I remember I went up and told the teacher “Mademoiselle, je dois pipi s'il vous plaît puis-je utiliser le pot” In french that means Miss, I have to pee please can I use the potty. Now you would expect any normal kindergarten teacher wouldn't mind letting a weak bladder-ed six year old use the bathroom? Nope, this teacher was so rude and mean...She told me “Asseyez-vous, et de ne pas demander de nouveau, il est presque la fin de la journée” Which means Sit down, and do not ask again, it's almost the end of the day. Now this I guess may have been said after I nagged her for 3 minutes straight but still... Either way I don’t remember the full details for what happened after wards all I remember is my eyes filled with tears and as I sat back in my seat I wet my pants plain and simple I had a accident...

But, to add a nice little twist to this story I was not the only one to have a accident that day. You know that boy show birthday it was I mentioned earlier? Well yes, he was the first to notice the puddle and the soiled wet patch on my clothing and he shouted out to the whole Class as loud as possible (in french haha) EVERYONE LOOK LUNA PEED HER PANTS!!! At this point he doubled over laughing his ass off... Now I was embarrassed but I couldn't let him get the last laugh so I went and punched him in the gut so hard, he fell over in pain and started to cry. Now, I felt a little better and to make things even better for my situation I saw a wet patch grow on his crotch region (xD) I could believe it... I'm pretty sure after that I got in trouble of some sort but at the time it was totally worth it, and lucky for me it was the end of the day so I got home and got cleaned up never the less...

Wow, I’m surprised I remembered this story so well, at least for it being 15 years ago... Now, I think I will tell you another story, this one is set in middle school yet again. So, this event occurred in my 6th period class which was 45 minutes after my usual time I needed a bathroom. Now, on this day the teacher I would usually ask to use the bathroom was in a meeting so we had a substitute... And, being as shy as I was I just simple couldn't ask to use the bathroom in that class, and I had to go badly but I kept it in me. 7th period I had History or social studies whatever it may be called now, but we had a test in this class... My teacher had a very strict rule that if we where taking a test no nurse passes or bathroom passes until you completed you test. By the time she had handed out all test and we had began I was extremely desperate, I had leaked a little bit since I got there but not enough to show or really feel.

Now, this test was one I really didn't remember much information on, or maybe I really did but was to focused on my bulging, near bursting bladder. Either way by 10 minutes into the test I was holding my crotch with one hand and trying to fill out the test with the other... It was obvious to anyone I had to pee if they actually looked at me. I go maybe halfway through the test when I got to a difficult question and I went into deep thought on how or what the answer could be. Now my trance was snapped by the feeling of warm urine hitting my hand. I absolutely panicked and tried to regain control as fast as possible...

It was to little avail as I had emptied half my bladder by the time I regained controller and it had pooled all around my bum and was near overflowing onto the tile floor. I teared up knowing I had a accident and there was no way in hell I was hiding it from anyone... I just gave in after realizing I was already screwed... All you heard was a loud hissing sound as my bladder emptied its remains into my soaked pants and pooled over the chain and splattered all on the floor... I sitting there red faced kept my head down as I knew everyone was staring at me in aw... I finished the test handed it in and went to the nurse... To say it was not the best day ever haha...

That is it for now, hope you enjoyed yet again... Can't wait to share more of my embarrassing experience with you all again haha. As usual please tell me if you notice any mistakes in grammar and so on as I want to know how my grammar is doing in the English language :) And until I share again I love you all

Luna Love :)

*002*2014-01-23 20:02

Haha, i'm sure she didn't actually say those exact words as i said i don't have much to recall from the story but i said it is that tone because i figured i may as well do so :)... And thanks for the complement its greatly appreciated... Also, you speak frnech? :) Vous savez parler français? Luna Love :)

{{ 

I'm becoming a big fan of yours, and your stories....Merci à vous encore. A French question: why did your teacher address you in the formal/vous form, rather than the informal tu (as in 'asseyez-vous)? (OK, not wetting related, but curious.)

:)

}}

