Two Desperate Sightings

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-16 19:58

A couple of years ago I had the opportunity to visit the corporate offices owned by a company I’d secured a job with. The day involved sitting in a fairly small room with about 20 other new starters and employees, listening to lots of presentations There were plenty of refreshments available, and this led to two nice desperation sightings.

One of the presentations was given by two women from HR, who were advising us on the sort of projects we would be assigned to. One of them, Sarah, was in her early 30s, attractive with short brown hair, wearing a knee length flowery dress, brown leather boots and a jacket. The other, Jenny, was younger, curvy but cute with light brown hair and glasses. As they stood at the front of the room waiting to be introduced by one of the managers, I noticed Sarah had her legs crossed tightly and kept looking towards the door. Jenny noticed and smiled, and Sarah whispered something in her ear, smiling sheepishly. Jenny laughed quietly and I heard her say ‘Quickly go now, they’re just down the corridor’, pointing over her shoulder, but Sarah smiled and shook her head. I immediately began to pay attention, realising that she obviously wanted to go for a pee quite badly, and probably hadn’t had time before rushing in to give the presentation.

The two women were introduced and Sarah began to speak, walking forward so everybody could see her. As soon as she stood still, she immediately crossed her legs tightly, pressing her thighs together. After about a minute, Jenny began to add to what Sarah was saying, and Sarah uncrossed her legs, shifting her weight from foot to foot while Jenny was speaking, hands tightly clasped in front of her dress. She started speaking again, still shifting from foot to foot. She must have realised how obvious it looked because she soon stopped, but she couldn’t stand still for more than a couple of seconds before re-crossing her legs, bending her knees ever so slightly.

She was obviously desperate, and was speaking fairly quickly, clearly trying to get through the presentation as quickly as possible. She spent the rest of the presentation either with her legs crossed or shifting from foot to foot, and whenever it was Jenny’s turn to speak, Sarah would let her desperate urge to pee become more obvious: folding her arms across her chest, keeping her legs crossed while she bent forward ever so slightly, even dancing from foot to foot at one point, bending her knees.

By now they’d been talking for around 15 minutes, and had finished everything they needed to say. Sarah moved back to standing next to Jenny as one of the managers clarified a couple of points, but I wasn’t really listening to what he was saying. As I watched her, Sarah crossed her legs so tightly she nearly lost her balance, accidentally bumping into Jenny. She whispered sorry, giving a little embarrassed smile, whispering something in Jenny’s ear. Jenny laughed quietly, glancing down at Sarah’s tightly crossed legs. If Sarah thought she finally had chance to escape and relieve her aching bladder, she was mistaken. The manager asked if we had any questions, and of course, being keen new starters, we had plenty to ask.

As she was the more senior of the two, most of the questions were directed at Sarah, which meant that most of the focus was on her. Even though she was clearly desperate to run off and have a long, relieving pee, she had to stand and answer question after question, her fidgeting getting more frantic. Although she mostly kept her legs tightly crossed, she would occasionally uncross them, bounce on the spot slightly and re-cross them almost immediately. She was finding it harder and harder to stay still, and I noticed that while they were waiting for questions, she kept glancing up to look at the clock.

After about half an hour of a constant barrage of questions, I could see that Sarah was getting really desperate. While the manager was clarifying an answer to somebody’s question, Sarah was standing with her arms folded, tapping the toe of her boot on the floor behind her. She noticed Jenny watching, and smiled at her again, whispering something that sounded like ‘I really, really need the loo’, just barely loud enough for me to hear as I was sat right at the front of the room. As the manager asked the room if there were any more questions, Sarah bounced on the spot quite obviously, bending her knees and biting her lip, betraying her desperate need for a wee. Of course, there were more questions, and Sarah had to cross her legs, squeezing her thighs together tightly as she answered.

Her answers were getting shorter, and she was finding it difficult to concentrate on what she was saying, losing her train of thought more than once, and Jenny often had to step in to help. Sarah’s mind was clearly concentrating more on the pressure in her uncomfortably full bladder than answering our questions. Although when she started the presentation she spoke fairly calmly, now she was getting more and more animated with her answers, occasionally dancing around a little and fidgeting on the spot as she spoke. It was incredibly sexy to see a professional, attractive woman trying to hide her desperation from the whole room, especially when everyone’s eyes were focused on her.

Eventually, our questions ended. I saw Sarah look up at the clock and bite her lip: she’d been standing in front of us, bursting to pee, for nearly 50 minutes. After the manager closed out the morning’s presentations and we all stood up to get lunch from a buffet table at the side of the room, I watched Sarah out of the corner of my eye, expecting her to dart out of the room. To my surprise, she didn’t. Instead, she stood talking to Jenny until the manager walked over to congratulate them on the successful presentation. 

She grinned, crossing her legs tightly, and asked him ‘Can I go to the toilet now please?’ jokily, bending forwards. He laughed and said of course, and I heard her say she’d been needing to go throughout the whole presentation. However, after the manager left, she didn’t leave the room. Instead, she went over to the lunch table, grabbing some food before being asked yet another question by one of the new starters. She stood with her legs crossed extremely tightly, answering his questions for a good few minutes.

I waited patiently for her to finish before she turned to me, smiling, and I asked her to clarify something (though really it was just an excuse to keep her waiting even longer). Although she seemed desperate (keeping her legs tightly crossed throughout the whole conversation, speaking quickly and hurriedly, and biting her lip while she listening to me) she made no attempt to try and excuse herself and run off for the pee she’d been dying to have for the past hour. Eventually, after talking to a few more people (always standing with her legs tightly crossed or shifting from foot to foot) and finishing her lunch, she left the room in no hurry, walking off in the direction of the toilets. I get the feeling that, although she was clearly bursting, she wanted to hold on just a little while longer before finally relieving herself, maybe even enjoying the fact she had no choice but to cross her legs until she finally had chance to go to the loo.

Later in the afternoon, we worked in small groups in order to produce a short presentation about a recent topic in the news. During one group’s presentation I noticed that one girl, a very cute and slim blonde called Joanne, wearing a smart white top and tight grey trousers, could barely stand still and had a tense expression on her face, her cheeks a little flushed. I thought it might just be nerves, but from the way she was fidgeting it definitely looked like she needed to pee. While she was waiting for her turn to speak, she was standing with her thighs pressed together, hands clasped behind her back.

As I watched her, I watched her eyes linger on the clock, and she bit her lip and bounced up and down ever so slightly on the balls of her feet. She then bent one knee, crossing it slightly over the other, really squeezing her thighs together. We had been plied with free tea and coffee after lunch, and clearly she had been needing a wee for quite a while but hadn’t had chance to go. And now she was stuck in the middle of a presentation, with about 4 more group’s presentations to sit through, and she looked absolutely bursting.

When it was her turn to speak, she sounded slightly breathless, and immediately crossed her legs as she started to speak. She kept her legs tightly crossed throughout her speech, and was acting very animated and fidgety, gesturing with her hands as she spoke. This might have just been her style of presenting, but I’m sure the fact that she was dying for a wee had some influence on how she was acting.

After she’d finished speaking, it was time for people to ask questions. She stood very still, her legs were uncrossed now though her thighs were pressed together as before, her hands resting on her thighs, bending forward ever so slightly. As questions were asked, she kept glancing up at the clock, biting her lip, as if willing time to move faster so she could finally go to the loo. At one point, although I can’t remember the context, one of the managers mentioned the word ‘toilet’ while making a joke. The power of suggestion was clear as Joanne quickly crossed her legs tightly as soon as he said the word, laughing politely along with everyone else but keeping her hands pressed tightly against her thighs.

Finally, her group finished answering questions and were allowed to sit down. I kept glancing over to where Joanne was sat as we watched the other groups presenting, and the whole time she had a tense look on her face. She was sitting forward in her seat, hands resting tightly in her lap, her thighs pushed together, biting her lip every so often and fidgeting around on her chair. I realised we still had quite a long time to go before we next got a break, and I think Joanne knew this as well, as she kept glancing at the door, desperate to hurry off and pee but not wanting to get up in front of everybody.

Finally, the presentations were over and the manager began to speak. I glanced over at Joanne and she was sat completely upright, staring intently at the manager as if willing him to stop talking so she could relieve herself at last. However, to her dismay, he said that we would be watching yet another presentation, this time from two current employees talking about the projects they were working on. I glanced over at Joanne as he said this, and I saw her looking extremely worried, looking up at the clock as she shifted her chair around to get a better view of the new presenters.

Unfortunately I couldn’t see much of what she was doing during the next presentation as her back was to me, but I did see her glance at the clock a couple more times, looking extremely anxious. The presentation went on for about 15 minutes, with another 10 minutes of questions. Towards the end of the question time, Joanne kept glancing around, looking incredibly frustrated each time someone spoke up to ask. She was sat right on the edge of her seat now, her cheeks flushed a rosy red, biting her lip worriedly. She looked incredibly desperate to pee.

Finally, the questions were over and we were given a quick break before the next task. As soon as people began to stand up, Joanne stood up quickly, and without saying anything to anyone, walked quickly towards the door, waiting impatiently for people to walk through in front of her. I stood up as well, needing to piss quite badly myself after drinking so much tea after lunch. I caught up with her, saying hi. ‘Hi’ she said breathlessly, giving me a smile, her face flushed. We had been chatting at lunch as well as in the hotel the day before, so we were already pretty friendly. ‘I really need a wee’ she said quietly, as if to explain why she was walking so fast. ‘Nice to know’ I said, laughing. She laughed, continuing. ‘Sorry but I really do. I needed the toilet since before the presentations’. No wonder she looked desperate, she must have been absolutely bursting the entire time.

We chatted a bit about the presentations but I could tell she wasn’t really concentrating. ‘Do you know where the toilets are?’ she asked me, suddenly worried, looking around frantically as we passed the reception desk. I shook my head, I did know where they were but wanted to keep her waiting just a tiny bit longer. She looked around again, sighing frustratedly before walking up to the desk, crossing her legs tightly as she leaned onto it.

Luckily for me, the receptionist was just finishing off a phone conversation, so I got to watch Joanne waiting anxiously for a few more seconds, keeping her legs tightly crossed as she waited for the receptionist to get off the phone. Even before the receptionist had put the phone down, Joanne was asking where the nearest toilets were, the desperation clear in her voice. The receptionist gave us directions, and Joanne thanked her hurriedly before we walked quickly around the next corner and they came into view. I saw her later looking more relaxed, her cheeks still flushed. I can only imagine the relief she must have felt after being bursting for so long!

*003*2014-04-17 17:56

{{ 

Great story! Did this incident ever come up in conversation between you and Joanne later on?

}}

Thanks, no it didn't unfortunately.

