My two friends

Author: Damien85

*000*2011-02-01 03:26

Believe it or not, this is a completely true story. One of my friends told me a story of when she was ridiculously broke and agreed to pee her pants for $20. This spawned a conversation that led to a bet to see who could find someone to pee themselves for $20. This has turned into an awesome series of events for me and I will tell you of them now.

A few weeks later, my friend and I decided to stop actively searching for people, but if an opportunity arose, we would take advantage and win the bet. There was one friend of mine that I had been making hints to about it and one night she was actually going to do it, but ended up dismissing it as a bad idea. A few weeks later, my friend and I were hanging out and running errands when she mentioned that she had to pee. I told her that the bet was still going.

She replied "Seriously? Neither of you have found anyone?". We talked about it for a little while and she agreed to do it on the condition that she was able to wear my super comfortable pajama pants and she could take off her panties first so as not to mess them. My parents were out of town so instead of going to my house, we went there. I was so freaking excited..not only do I get to see my friend pee her pants, but I'm going to get paid for it. We got to my parent's house and at this point she had to pee pretty badly. We went downstairs to the bathroom there and she went in first to take off her panties and put her jeans back on.

I was then allowed to enter and I poised my camera to get the video to send to my friend. (Before you all get excited, I promised to delete all video content. Otherwise she wouldn't have done it.) When I said "when" she began to pee. It was glorious. This is the first time I've actually seen a girl pee her pants and how I managed not to have a monstrous erection I will never know. The hissing sound was just as I had always imagined it and I watched as it started down one leg and then the other. 

Pee was just cascading out of her and puddling around the drain to the shower. She made a comment about how gross it was, but I wasn't really paying attention. When she said she was done, I told her to turn around so as to show there were no tubes pumping water into her jeans. Her butt was a sight to behold. I will say, she has a very nice butt, and to see the pee stains spread out around the curve of her cheeks was just...awe inspiring. I shut off the camera and left her to shower off a little. I brought her a towel and the pajama pants and when she emerged I hugged her and thanked her. No sex or anything like that, but we did make out a little bit.

If you guys are interested I will post about the second/third time she peed her pants for me.

*002*2011-02-01 04:01

{{ 

I'll be the first to vote this one up...Congratulations! You told the story well, depicted your friend as the cutest, sexiest girl I've imagined in my mind in a while, and the story successfully caused a vigorous blood rush to my nether region. Tip of the hat to you, GZEP.

}}

Lol. I appreciate the compliment! Keep checking back, the next one she did for me was even better.

