Recent Experiences

Author: bes31

*000*2016-01-04 07:09

These are just some experiences I've had in the last six months or so. I just wanna get them out of my head and onto text. I don't know how long they will be, but here we go.

1-

I'm currently a college student, and a University is a great mixture of attractive girls and a lack of bathrooms creating unique experiences. My first experience was in my first week of college. I had one of my classes at 10:00, which was fairly early, but I could manage. I had gotten their a bit early and found myself sitting on the ground nearby the class door, reading a book for another class.

As I sat, two girls approached the door. They were classmates that I could recognize. One of the girls in the story is important, I'll call her Suzy (not her name). Suzy is a cute hipster girl with boy-cut hair, wearing a beanie and a brown dress. She seems tired but carefree. I try not to venture into her conversation, but I overhear somethings.

"Yeah, I got up like, fifteen minutes ago." Suzy said.

"Really! Wow!"

"Yeah, I just got up, got dressed. I didn't have time to eat, didn't have time to pee." I glanced over, she seemed fine but her legs were slightly bent around each other. I tried to take my mind off of it, but I noticed how she didn't move towards the bathroom, even before class started. In class, I watched her, she progressed from slight to an noticeable need, she began to bounce her legs around, seem restless, and even give a few squirms from time to time.

I was hoping to see a big performance, but around thirty minutes into class, she stood up and headed for the door, understandably, for the bathroom. She came back refreshed and happy, and I was mildly disappointed.

2-

Probably the most intense desperation I saw was also the shortest. My school was one of the lucky ones to get College Gameday this year. Naturally, being how rare of an occasion that it is for my school, I had to go. I woke up at 4:00 in the morning, met up with friends and got in.

I was expecting to be bombarded with desperation at College Gameday, being that most people waited all night in line to be in nearest rows, and then were stuck inside the area until the end. Unfortunately, I never got to see the intensity I was expecting, some people had claimed that people wore diapers, it didn't surprise me, but it also didn't excite me neither.

The only time I saw desperation was in one glance. I was slowly moving up to the front rows, wading through the crowd. While I was doing that, I caught a glimpse of a college girl in a t-shirt and short shorts in front of me. She had the most intense locked up legs I had ever seen, they were crossed nearly twice, bent at a 45 degree angle and completely stiff. I didn't even want to imagine how desperate she was in that position, I have to imagine she was about to explode.

Yet, the crowd swayed and I lost sight of the girl for the remainder of the day. At the end, I met up with a few female friends who had stayed the night, but they seemed relaxed and not desperate at all. They did ask me to wait while they made a trip to the restroom, but that was all.

3-

I had gotten a girlfriend at school for a while during the year, I'll call her Autumn (not her name, again). Autumn was this very attractive girl with a cute face, petite body, large tits and a great personality. Autumn was also very smart, a fellow honors student.

I had invited Autumn over for a study group for one of my finals. She came over dressed in a pair of tight legging ands a green blouse, it was early morning and she carried a mug of coffee. We studied for nearly two hours before she asked me a personal questions?

"Hey, where are the nearest girl rooms?"

"Oh... I don't know."

"Really, crap, I need to pee." She danced around a bit as I watched in my dorm. "The coffee went straight through me." Autumn asked me to go with her to find the nearest bathroom, and I happily agreed. I walked with her as she searched for the girls dorms that had to be nearby, I tried to hide my boner from how she was interacting.

After fifteen minutes of searching, we reached the conclusion that the girls dorms were oddly far away. Instead, she begged me to let her go in the men's room. I obliged, and walked her down back to my hall. She skipped into the bathroom and I followed, she told me to wait outside the stall and make sure the coast was clear. I listened as she furiously undressed and let go a long torrent of urine.

It was truly excellent.

4-

A few days ago I attended the party with a fellow girl I knew named Katie. Katie was a long time friend that I had recently gotten to know better. She was a tall girl with brunette hair and a thing body. During the party she was wearing a black blouse, a schoolgirls skirt that went down to her knees, and dress boots.

When Katie arrived, I greeted her at the door. I could notice that she was uneasy about something, and as we hugged she seemed reluctant to move her body in. I looked at her as we began conversing, her legs were crossed, her knees bobbing up and down.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"No. I really have to pee. Give me a second." She ran off to the toilets. I watched her from behind, and I saw her, relieved, as she walked out.

Sorry that those stories are short, honestly the last six months have been pretty dry for great experiences. Hopefully I see something great in the coming months, and I'll definitely let you guys in.

