New Turn-On

Author: Booboohoohoo

*000*2012-03-18 14:25

I've never really been turned on by desperation before, I was always more for just the wetting until work yesterday. I was making pizzas just like I do damn near every day and a customer walked in to pick up her order. She was a beautiful 30 something momma with great boobs and an amazing butt, she said her last name but her order had like 10 minutes still. So I secretly kept my eye on her just watching that amazing body and I noticed her crossing her legs and moving a lot and it was clear that she was desperate. She kept bouncing around for the next few minutes and I just imagined her clenching her pussy as tight as possible inside some thick cotton panties, I imagined her accidentally letting a spurt of pee into her panties and making them wet, it was all I could think about.

Finally after about 7 minutes she stood up obviously on the verge of wetting all over herself and asked if she could use the restroom, I wanted so bad to have a reason to tell her no and have her completely soak herself right in front of me but I had none so I told her yes and gave her directions to the restroom. For some reason having her ask permission to use the restroom turned me on so much, I felt like I was in control of her having an accident or not. 

Even after she into the restroom I imagined her letting loose a tiny stream into what I'm sure were some cute cotton panties, I imagined her getting to the restroom and yanking down her pants and panties so fast before sitting down to relieve herself, I imagined her sigh of relief/pleasure while finally letting go on the toilet, it was all I could think about. She returned not long after, she had made it to the restroom without any (visible) accidents. I handed her her pizza and watched her walk away but I could't help but wish for a tiny wet-patch below her amazing butt.

*003*2012-03-19 22:01

Thank you for input :) and the story

*006*2012-04-01 14:23

I'm not really in charge so if I would have said no my manager would have let her anyway :(

*008*2012-04-06 03:29

I'm just glad people enjoy my story. I know I sure did :)

