Great sighting back in High School

Author: Hopeful

*000*2012-02-15 22:36

This is a story that I just have to share as it's the best real-life accident I've ever witnessed. It happened to a girl back in my High School 3D Animation class, I'll call her Michelle. She was 16, a tall, skinny, pale Asian, rather flat-chested, and on the day this happened she wore jeans and an all-white white t-shirt. The buses were fairly often late that year, so when you arrived on campus you often didn't have time to go to the bathroom as the bell would already have rung. On this morning, the first day of classes of the year as a matter of fact, Michelle arrived in the class just a bit late. It was a fairly large fine arts classroom, divided in two sections, one with these tall desks with stools instead of chairs, and the other with computers. I noticed Michelle because I have this thing for Asians, but I had no idea she had to pee at this point. Either way, we're told to fire up the computers and just play around with the 3d program for the duration of the class.

So we sit down on the computers and Michelle takes the seat right next to me. From the very beginning of the lesson she sits on her foot and fidgets, and at one point she says to the girl next to her, "I gotta pee". (She had my undivided attention at that point !

She keeps fidgeting all the way through the lesson, and at one point gives up playing with the computer and pulls back the chair a little and just sits there trying to hold it in. Now, of course I'd seen plenty girls desperate in class before, but I'd sorta given up hope of ever seeing a wetting because they'd either leave the classroom without permission or hold it until the bell, so I sat there thinking what a pity it was she wouldn't wet herself. How very wrong I would be :D .

About five minutes before the bell, we're told by the teacher to get back to the desks. Michelle, her need to pee probably worsened by having to walk back to the desks, sits on her stool doing this kind of "pedalling" with her feet, if you know what I mean, moving her feet up and down rapidly, obviously desperate to pee and counting minutes until the bell. I didn't want to stare, but I would look in her direction occassionally to "check on her". Then, a few minutes before we're dismissed, I take a look and she is suddenly sitting completely still, looking down at her desk with her mouth half-open. I remember her blushing the way some Asians do, right below the eyes. 

When we were dismissed the class left through two doors, and when she got out, after everyone else (taking really small steps, obviously bursting to go), she had a star-shaped spot on the front of her pants. I remember that I found it funny that it really didn't look wet, it just kinda had a darker colour than the rest of her jeans. I don't know if she made it or flooded herself because she went down a different hallway than me, but the bathroom was a ways away (half a minute to walk, but probably really far in her condition) and I imagine she probably at the very least peed more than she already had before she made it. Given that this was a big school with crowded hallways, even in the fine arts section, a lot of people probably saw her predicament, too. I feel sorry for her, but I'm incredibly grateful for having witnessed such an awesome desperation and accident, even though she didn't flood herself in front of us.

*002*2012-02-16 22:16

Thanks. There's a couple other accidents and near-accidents I can post, but none as beautiful as this one. So glad I took that class, even though I didn't get much else out of it !

