My cousin pees her dress

Author: FV_OCHO

*000*2012-05-18 22:59

Alright, I'm sitting here at a car wash bored typing on my cell phone, so bear with me as far as spelling goes, and I thought I'd tell you all about another couple wetting sightings I had. Both of which envolved a different female cousin of mine, enjoy!

The first one was my step dad's niece who was 2 years younger than I was, and I was 9 at the time I believe. This has to go down as my favorite experience of all time because its, to this day, the only time I've ever asked a girl to pee her pants and it worked with no questions asked!

We were playing in her bedroom, jumping off her bunk bed onto the floor below. She was wearing a dress so everytime she would jump her dress would parachute up giving me a great view of her panties, red and white if memory serves. Anyways, it was my turn to jump and she was standing, waiting on me and she kinda did a small pee dance and said "I gotta go pee!" I chuckled and said, "just go in your dress!". She then proceeded to open her legs and pee through her undies and down her legs, never getting her dress wet. I was shocked, and ecstatic at the same time. I asked her why she did that, she giggled and said, "cuz you asked me to".

She kept playing in her wet panties the whole time. I asked if it was bugging her and she said, "when I first peed it was warm and it wasn't so bad, but now its cold and sticky, it feels so gross! Look!" She pulled her dress halfway up her tummy and showed me a very wet and yellow pair of panties. I said "Wow, you peed a bunch" she laughed and said "I was holding it in for a while, I was gonna go to the bathroom soon but then you said to pee my panties so I did. But I gotta change now" She grabbed a pair of her undies outta her dresser and went to the bathroom to change. She burried the wet ones in the trash can and she went along as if it was normal.

That cousin seemed like she didn't mind it to much but I never got her to do it again. She would always do the pee dance and announce how she had to pee. But whenever I would tell her to go in her pants she would say no and give me different reasons why: "thats gross", "its embarrassing", and my personal favorite, "not in my pants, everyone would know!" It's a shame it only happened that one time.

Thanks for reading everyone, I was gonna post one more right now but since I'm on my phone its taken me 50 minutes to type that one story so i'll post that another time when I have a computer.

*003*2012-05-19 04:46

Lol very true, its my most memorable omo moment and I remember it like it was yesterday. And me n her talked about it a good handful of times after it happened, well into our teens. So it was never really outta mind with her

*005*2012-05-20 01:10

{{ 

And what does she think about doing it again?

}}

Sadly I haven't had any contact with her in a few years, like I said she was my step dad's niece and after him and my mom got a divorce I lost most contact with his family

