Wetting Jeans in Public

Author: mender12

*000*2012-02-26 04:06

The other day, I decided to dressup like a girl and go in public. I put on a pair of white hipster panties with pink trim and said VS pink on the butt, skin-tight mid-rise jeans, Pink Cotton Halter top, wig and makeup and went out for the day. I also wore an overnight maxipad in my panties. It was great enjoying the day in the sun while dressed like a girl. I was nervous the whole time that someone woud notice. I decided to go to the mall so I could buy some girl's clothes, but went to lunch at ruby tuesdays first.

After lunch I really had to pee and poop so I walked to the lady's room. As I walked I wet my pad a little and let out a fart, but it ended up being a shart. Of course at the time I thought I completely messed myself, but I know it was just a shart. I could feel the poop sticking to my butt and my damp pad felt huge. The scariest part was walking in the bathroom because boys aren;t allowed in the women's bathroom. I went anyway.

I walked into the stall, cloed the door and pulled my jeans down. I noticed my pad was soaked and a little poo stain was there too. I sat down on the toilet seat and finished my business. Luckly no one was in the room as I pooped and it was loud and smelly. I took the dirty pad out of my panties and decided not to wipe so I could get a nice skimark in my panties. As I pulled my panties up, there were a couple trickles of pee that dripped and a small wet sport showed up. I was so turned on.

When I left I decided to go to Victoria's Secret to purchase some panties and a cute satin nightie. I also shopped at some other stores as well, but VS is my Fav place to shop. When I left I tried to pee again, just a little, but it was a little more than I wanted. I walked and I noticed a small damp patch on the crotch of my jeans. I just kept walking and luckly no one noticed. When I got back to my car I grabbed a towel out of my truck and layed it on my seat so I would stain the car seat.

I got home all happy I dressed like a girl in public and decided to completely wet myself. Pee streams down my legs and was completely soaked. I got back into my aprtment and decided to diaper myself, but stayed dressed like a girl. It was a fun day even though most people would think it was a boring day. just dressing and wetting myself is exciting.

