Clubbing Experiences - Page 2

Author: MissVermilion

*025*2012-04-03 00:12

{{:

Have to say it was never this exciting when I was at uni, night outs with you sound like a blast.

Oh yeah and have really enjoyed reading this thread, are you this brazen (possibly not the word i'm llooking for but it's the one that came to mind) when sober or is it just when you've had a drink that you are more likely to let go in public ?

}}

Haha well, it's never really boring when you go out with me, I can say that much. Whether or not that's always a good thing is very subjective!

And to answer your question, I'm not nearly as bold when I'm sober! I care far more about what people might think- and my bladder capacity's a good deal better when I'm sober too ^_^

*027*2012-04-08 14:22

So, I have quite an interesting one from the other night.

I got the train to a town near London to see my best friend from University- Daisy- and stayed over there for a couple of nights. The first night she took me to a karaoke night at a bar with a whole group of her friends, and quite a few of the guys were being very generous and buying us loads of shots- so it wasn’t long before I was completely wasted.

I was wearing denim hotpants with nude tights with a lacy pattern going up the back, a lacy beige shirt and fur-trimmed black heeled boots. Most of a night is a huge blur, but we went to a kebab shop on the way home and I bought some sort of chicken thing in a wrap- but then had to throw it away, because I couldn’t tell where the paper stopped and the wrap started and kept trying to eat the paper by mistake- that’s how drunk I was!

Anyway- I woke up on a sofa alone somewhere and that kebab shop was the last thing I could remember from the night. I had no memory of going back to somebody’s house and hadn’t the vaguest clue where I was. The surroundings didn’t look at all familiar so I knew I wasn’t at Daisy’s house- I must have gone back with one of her friends.

I really needed to pee though, so I got up from the sofa and went searching for the bathroom. I found a door that led out into the hallway- and came face to face with four closed doors. I opened the nearest one, and was in a tiny little hall with just one more door in front of me. I opened that one and found stairs. So I hobbled down the stairs, desperately still trying to hold my pee, went through another door- and came to another hallway containing several doors with numbers on them. Now, I was still quite drunk, but this at least told me that I wasn’t in a house- I was in a block of flats. And quite clearly, I couldn’t just wander into someone else’s flat. I did contemplate going for a quick pee outside- that’s how bad I needed to go- but I was scared of getting locked out, so I walked (with difficulty) back up to the stairs and back into the room I’d been in originally.

I sat down on the sofa and crossed my legs, squirming around as I checked my phone. I had a text message from Daisy explaining to me that I’d passed out on the sofa and that she was just across the hall if I needed her.

From this, I guessed that we were probably at her boyfriend’s flat- and I realised that she and her boyfriend were probably having sex behind one of the remaining three doors I’d encountered. So I went back into the hall and had a little walk up and down the hall- but all I could see behind each of these three doors was darkness.

“Right,” I thought, “So Daisy and her boyfriend will be in one of these three rooms, the boyfriend’s flatmate and quite possibly a girl will be in another one, and the third one will be the bathroom.” The problem was that the floorboards were really squeaky, and I didn’t want anybody to think that I was lurking outside their bedroom- so I tiptoed my way back to the living room, got back onto the sofa and tried to go back to sleep, figuring that it was eight-thirty in the morning, so everybody would probably be awake soon and I could wait.

Only, this was easier said than done. I ended up with my hand in my crotch under the blanket, my body squirming around like crazy, and, as a result, remaining completely awake. After about 10 minutes of this, I figured I couldn’t wait any more, so I got up again, did a little pee dance in the room while I was by myself, and then went back out into the hallway.

Since I wasn’t thinking straight, I ended up opening the same door I had previously and ending up in the tiny little room that led to downstairs. Again, I took advantage of being where nobody could see me, shoved both hands in my crotch and danced about for a little while. Then, once I’d got control of myself once more, I headed back out into the hallway and went back to considering these three other doors.

After a while, of dancing around on the squeaky floorboards, I opened one of the doors just an inch and realised- thank god- that I’d found the bathroom. But, of course, when you need to go that badly, seeing the sight of the toilet in front of you just increases your need tenfold. By the time I’d managed to turn on the light, close the door, and peel down my shorts, tights and panties, I’d leaked quite a lot, making a damp patch in the crotch of my shorts and pee tracks down to my knees. Since I’d had my legs closed together though, I managed to not make a puddle on the floor! So eventually, I managed to sit down on the toilet and experience one of the best pees I’ve had in a long time! I’d been waiting so long and I’d had so much to drink that it felt so good, and I couldn’t resist touching myself a little bit while I was sat there!

After I’d finished, I inspected the damage I’d done to my clothing and decided that I could get away with my shorts, but definitely not my tights! I ended up taking them off and stuffing them in the bottom of my handbag- then, when everyone woke up, pretending that I’d laddered them so had had to take them off. Nobody suspected a thing ;)

Another interesting experience came a couple of days later, the first night that I was back home and I went out with my old work mate, Ella. We went to the pub that I’d used to work at (and that she still works at) and had a few pints there, and then headed off into town to go clubbing. After about an hour of being at the pub, however, I realised that Ella had been disappearing off to the toilet every fifteen minutes or so. Curious, I asked teasingly if she was having bladder issues and, with a bit of hesitation, she admitted to me that she had cystitis and it was making her pee a lot more often.

After discovering this, I went to the toilet with her the next time she said she needed to go and- to my delight- all the cubicles were occupied. Upon discovering this, Ella pressed her hand against her crotch, crossed her legs and began bobbing up and down telling me again and again that she really needed to go and how much it was hurting.

As soon as a cubicle was free, she dashed inside, unbuttoning her jeans as she went and slamming the door shut behind her. A few seconds later, I heard the sound of her peeing as she said to me “Oh thank god, I couldn’t physically wait any longer,” and then several noises of contentment as she continued relieving herself.

