Accident with girlfriend

Author: francescone_85

*000*2011-03-22 15:59

Hi!

Some time ago I told you about an accident my girlfriend had when coming back at her apartment with me. She peed herself while waiting for the elevator...

Well, more or less the same thing happened to me yesterday :(

I went outside for dinner with my girlfriend. When we finished we walked back to the car... I had to park it quite far because near the restaurant I knew there was no parking.

Before arriving there, we decided to stop at a bar to drink a beer... we took it and drank it outside. While chatting I went inside and took another one, so when we were about to leave to go back to the car I had to pee quite bad. I went inside the bar and asked for the toilet, but they told me they were closing and that they were washing the toilet so I couldn't go.

We walked back to the car and I was feeling quite desperate at that point. I looked for some place to pee but there was no cover anywhere so I had to hold.

We got in the car and I started driving to my girlfriend's home.

I kept saying to myself that it was just a 10 minutes trip and that I could make it, but I was getting near to my bursting point.

We parked in front of her house and I got out of the car having to hold myself to not pee. I was so desperate I could barely walk.

My girlfriend was saying me things like "we are almost there you can hold it!"

We got in her building and I was hoping to find the elevator right there, but it was at the 8th floor!!!

While waiting for it to come down I was moving like crazy holding myself, but I felt a spurt come out and then another one.

My girlfriend saw the wet spot on my jeans and told me to hold a little bit more as the elevator had arrived.

I got inside the elevator first and then my girlfriend. She was facing me and as the elevator started to go up I felt another spurt. I tried to stop but it was no use... I completely peed myself right there in front of my girlfriend! :(

Luckily she was nice about it... she joked about the fact that we both peed herself because of the elevator and that she had to move to a first floor apartment.

*003*2011-04-03 09:25

Unfortunately I think she is not into it.

I don't know for sure, but it seems to me she's not interested.

