Totally unfair

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-11 22:00

So I already posted about my small accident earlier but this time it was full on.

I just spent went out for dinner with my family and they drank too much to drive me back to my new place in Italy, then me and my housemate spent 20 minutes trying to unlock the door. After hours of drinking, walking and unlocking, I still didn't feel the need. We got in at 11:30pm and we sat down, talking about emailing our landlord, when my bladder painfully alerted me. I walked to the bathroom only a few feet away in our apartment, each step felt like a knife in my bladder! I got in our bathroom and my pee started coming out, it wasn't fun because the desperation was painful and not that desperate feeling, I quickly hurried to the toilet but by then it was rushing out, I turned around to pull my shorts down and sit down but my bladder was nearly fully empty.

I cleaned the floor and quickly showered off... I don't want my housemate to find out, my bf told me to

Take some cranberry tablets if it's a UTI..

Anyway I took a pic but it's a bit rubbish? It went all in my shoes as well

Hopefully next time I wet it will be more out of desperation than pain!!

*002*2015-09-12 13:16

{{: 

I'm sorry this was painful for you. You might want to speak to a doctor just to make sure that everything is OK. Congratulations on your move. How is Italy?

I've always wanted to go.

}}

I would speak to a doctor but I don't really know how to go about it here haha! I think I'll be fine I just need to make sure I'm drinking enough and being healthy enough. Italy is beautiful :)

