Male Accident in Class

Author: Sushi

*000*2011-08-22 20:41

When I was in the 6th grade we had one teacher who I particularly hated. Her class was very after the break, so no one was allowed to left the class to go to toillet or drink water, or whatever.

This day, one boy boy, asked her to go to bathroom, and like always, the teacher answered "No, because you all have just come back from the break. You should do your things in your time, not in my class!" and continued with the lesson. At this time I wasn't into omorashi yet (I mean, I hadn't accepted it yet), but, like always, I started to think how... hum, funny it would be if a accident happens right there, but then I rejected the thoughts, pretending to be disgusted of myself.

Everything went normally, and when it was something about 15 minutes to the class end, he asked again, and the teacher answered "No. The class is finishing, and you should have gone at the break time!". I gave a little look at him - he was in the other side of the class; one of the desks next to the window, in the end of the row, and I was in the middle of the row next to the wall. He didn't look too desperate, actually, but his hands are discretaly in his crouch. I looked at him again, and this time, yes, he looked desperate, with his legs crossed and biting his underlips. Needed only a few seconds to the end of the class, but it looked like he couldn't hold it more. Without say anything , he hid his face in his hands, with shame, and pee started to fall from his chair. I didn't said anything and, actually, the another students delayed to notice. The first one was the girl in front of him, because the urine was wetting her shoes.

"Yuuck, his wetting himself!"

"Blablabla... oh my God, boy", the teacher finally saw him wetting himself, and get mad. "Why didn't you told that you need to go this much? I shouldn't know! Look to the mess you did! Go, go finish pee and then change your clothes. What are you waiting for?"

After that, he was a little teased by the other boys, but just a little, and don't seem to be really bothered by that. But every class the teacher told him to go to bathroom and aked if someone was desperate, with irony. It's the only class-wetting I've saw in whole my life (but I still have 2 years and a half to watch more lol)

