Girl desperate after closing time

Author: Apan

*000*2015-05-31 08:27

I just have to put to words what I happened to experience just a couple of weekends ago.

It was a friday night at closing time, which is 2 AM here, in one of the larger bars in this town. Everyone was leaving, including a group of 20-something girls who had been sitting at a table in the middle of the main room. One of the girls exclaimed to the others that she "had to go to the bathroom before leaving" which of course made for my cue of attention. She had light brown hair and wore a white shirt and very tight beige pants which only added to my brief excitement over the prospect of her needing a toilet. She wasn't really yielding any obvious signs of being desperate although she was standing with her legs together and sort of anxiously curtsied slightly as she waited for the other girls to gather their belongings. She held her jacket wrapped over one arm while the other hung down her side with her fist clenched.

As everyone in the group were ready for leaving a security guard approached and ushered them to leave as the place was by now closed down for the night. The girl asked "Can I please use the toilet first?" but the guard replied that the bathrooms were locked up and that everyone had to leave. She put on a worried face and sort of squeexed one leg over the other and pleaded "Please, I really need to go. I will be quick, please!". I thought he would fall for her plea and make an exception but to my astonishment (and her disappointment) he didn't budge, again referring to rules and regulations. The girl sighed and bit her lip and the group headed for the exit. I carefully watched her from behind in her tight light-coloured pants and imagined how obvious it would be if she had even the slightest accident. This could be interesting, I thought.

Well outside the bar, quite a lot of people gathered round, waiting for taxis, talking to friends and fishing for after-parties as is the usual custom here upnorth. I myself stood half-talking to a couple of friends while watching the group of girls standing and discussing where to head next. The desperate girl had now put on her jacket although leaving it open at the front. She stood with her arms folded and legs crossed doing small curtseys while apparently trying to persuade the others to find a toilet before anything else.

The group started walking away and it looked as if they were intending to head toward a nearby club across the street, but several members of the group lagged behind, one of who was fooling around with her mobile phone shouting to the others to wait up. The desperate girl stood on the sidewalk looking very impatient and rubbed her legs against each other while trying to usher the others to hurry up. After a couple of minutes the girls seemingly changed their minds and headed back toward the area outside the bar and gathered round for yet another while. 

The desperade girl approached the entrance by which a couple of security guards were standing. I heard her asking one ot the guards to let her in so she could use the toilet, but he persisted that the place was closed and that he couldn't do that. "Please, it's really an emergency, I really really have to go! Couldn't you make an exception, please?" she pleaded while bobbing up and down holding her legs tightly together. The guard sympathetically told her once again that it'd be against the rules and that he simply couldn't let her in.

By now she had a worried look on her face, clearly concerned about her situation. She rejoined the girls who by now seemed to had made up their minds of where to go. The group split up and two of the other girls joined the desperate girl in heading for one of the main bus stops nearby. It was a few hundred meters away and they walked towards it. I had just told my friends that I would get on home by myself for the night and started following the girls from a distance, acting casual as if my own concern was only to get home.

On the way to the bus stop there is another smaller pub just across the street and I noticed that the desperate girl had slowed the other two down in order to negotiate what appeared to be a quick popping into said pub (for the bathroom, once again). The girls went to a halt, she fidgeted for a brief moment while talking to the others after which she walked briskly across the street toward the pub. I stalled, pretending to finger on my mobile phone while watching the girl approaching the entrance by which yet another security guard was standing.

I saw her talking to him while bobbing slightly up and down and at first I noticed him shaking his head, and I thought to myself "Yes, oh yes, please don't let her in!". She seemed to cross her legs, slightly curtseying down while continuing to speak to him after which he opened the entrance door and let her in. "Damn" I thought, although I could just about make out her walking into the pub through the front window so I lingered around for a bit, still pretending to mess around with my phone.

I watched her through the window and noticed that she was standing in the front end of the pub talking to someone. It went on for maybe half a minute or so and then she turned around and went out the door again. She was walking with her legs tightly together as before and with her arms stiffly down her sides with her fists clenched. She still had a worried look on her face and had obviously no been allowed to use the toilet at the pub either. My hopes once again started to rise. The three girls started walking toward the bus stop and I carefully followed, watching the desperate girl fidgeting while carefully keeping her legs together. I thought I overheard her saying something like that they had closed down the bathrooms in the pub and that she was really desperate.

After a couple of minutes they reached the bus stop and I pretended to be waiting for the bus as well (I actually live quite nearby the inner city and could easily walk home, but as for now I actually considered taking the bus to wherever if it meant I could keep within the presence of the desperate girl, just to see what would happen. I mean, people are obviously paying for desperation videos online so consider this a live show then!). The girls stood by the shelter and looked at the display on which it said that the next bus to depart was about 12 minutes away. They hung around the bus stop with the desperate girl standing with her arms folded while rubbing her thighs against each other.

She had a really anxious look on her face by now and was looking around the area while occasionally taking a few small steps in various directions with her legs slightly crossed. A few minutes went by and she suddenly crossed her legs tight while bending down slightly after which she resumed her thigh rubbing. She repeated the movement a couple more times after which she approaced the other girls, saying that she would head for the public toilets on a nearby square.

She walked quickly with small steps trying to keep her legs as tightly together as possible with her arms and hands stiffly held down her sides, heading around the corner of the bus stop pavement, across the square towards the public toilets on the other side. I discreetly moved on the pavement so that I could retain a good look of her desperately walking to the toilets, hoping by god that they were out of order or something. She reached for the doors on the side of the small toilet building but it appeared to be locked.

She went around the corner of the building but almost immediately came back around the front, once again trying the front doors. She looked up and around the building, by now reaching for her crotch with her hands while slightly bending down with her legs together. She appeared very frustrated and started heading back across the square toward the bus stop. Again she was walking with her legs semi-crossed with clenched fists at her side. As she started getting close to where I was I noticed that her eyes were glistening with tears and that she looked just about to cry.

She rejoined her friends, complaining anxiously about the toilets being locked and openly started holding herself between her half-crossed legs, squirming around on the spot. The next bus, which also appeared to be the one they were intending to catch, was only a few minutes away and I thought I heard one of the other girls arguing that it was the last one for the night and that they had to catch it. The desperate girl walked around the bus stop area with crossed legs, occasionally bending down and looked around, seemingly for a spot to relieve herself before the bus came.

I was so excited by now and actually considered getting on that very bus, knowing that she would be trapped for a considerable amount of time, maybe enough for her to exceed her capacity and soak herself on the bus before her destination. But just after a couple of minutes, she turned to her friends and desperately urged them to come with her back to the pub area in order to try some restrooms located at the end of an alleyway. She must have been beyond desperation by now, suggesting that she couldn't even endure a brief busride before having an accident.

The other two girls obviously weren't very keen on the idea of potentially missing the bus, but they eventually agreed, seeing their desperate friend being on the very brink of wetting herself in a very public setting. The three of them walked rather briskly back toward the pub streets, the desperate girl walking with even more tightly crossed legs. I discreetely followed, trying to act as if my plans had changed and that I was to meet up with someone in the inner city. They went down one of the alleyways leading down to a set of public restrooms. I noticed the desperate girl hobbling along with her legs in a knot and suddenly stopping halfway through the alleyway, shouting to the others "Oh god! Oh no!", while bending down with her legs pressed together. I slowed down in order not to get past her and noticed her tight beige pants stretching around her ass as she bent down. It looked so damn sexy and I so wanted her to piss herself through them right there.

She regained control and started hobbling forward while twisting her legs together by each step while holding her hands in her crotch. She pleaded to her friends that she was about to have an accident and that they had to find a bathroom FAST. She made it maybe another ten meters and once again bent down, squealing in panic but this time I saw a wet patch appearing on her pants and a couple of small streams mad their way through the fabric and onto the street. I heard her starting to cry and immediately crossed her legs hard, trying to take a few steps forward without untying the knot, and then stopped again, twisting her legs hard as the patch grew down between her legs. I actually heard a faint hiss as yet another stream of piss squirted through the thin stretched fabric onto the ground and the bottom of her bent legs.

She was in panic and her friends had noticed her dire situation by now. They ushered her to hurry up as they were only a few tens of meters away from the restrooms. One of her friends immediately approached one of the doors in order to let her desperate friend in before she humiliated herself totally, but the door was locked, as was the adjacent one. They were obviously coin-operated and the desperate girl continued to hobble forward with knotted legs as she struggled to not let anymore pee escape. She ended up behind her friend in front of the door, searching her purse for a coin, but then it was over.

The desperate girl reached for one of the doors, tugging at it while sobbing "Oh no, come on, oh god, oh god!!". Then she crossed her legs harder than ever before and bent down with her hands buried in her crotch as piss simply exploded out of her. Her tight thin pants became totally soaked as it ran down her legs as well as streaming right through the material, splashing in every direction around her. She cried her eyes out, standing in her bent down position as it poured out of her into her pants and onto the ground in a giant puddle. She pissed for over a minute before it was over and was totally devastated. Some nearby people had gathered around witnessing the poor girl's accident, whispering and pointing. Her other friend watched in disbelief with her hands over her mouth, obviously shocked at the scene.

After the whole event, both her friends seemed to discuss calling for a cab as one of her friends took up her phone and the both of them tried to shield their soaked friend from view. She leant against the building wall sobbing with her tight beige pants completely drenched and they all hung around, seemingly waiting for a cab or maybe an acquaintance to come and pick them up. Having gotten my fill, I decided to head home as originally planned, albeit with quite an experience richer.

*002*2015-05-31 09:55

Yes, it was indeed very hot and also yes, I did feel sorry for her, but you know how it is with conflicting feelings and all, and boiled down to rough emotion I can't help being turned on by the whole humiliation thing, all of which make actual accidents such a thrill. But I do hope they got her home without too much additional embarassment.

To answer you questions, it took maybe all of half an hour from closing time at the bar until the eventual wetting. The bus times on the board at the shelter provide some reference and I remember that the bus in question was to depart around half past two that night.

To answer your other question: Beats me, she probably was simply too embarassed to drop her pants in such a public setting in combination with the futile hope to actually make it into the toilet before completely soaking herself, even at the edge of wetting in front of the locked door. I suppose logic doesn't really work in such a panicked state.

*004*2015-05-31 12:40

It might be a cultural thing as well. Don't know where you're residing but here in Sweden people are relatively withdrawn and keen on preserving their privacy, and thinking about it, I cannot recall one single time where someone was urinating in public in full frontal view. Even men tend to seek shelter when nature calls and women simply don't pee in public at all, not from what I've experienced at least.

*007*2015-06-01 15:30

Well, I guess one could write a sociological thesis on the subject, but suffice it to say that sometimes some people consider it more rational to hold on until their very limit and beyond rather than risk being exposed even for a brief moment. I myself have never really been in such a situation so I cannot really do justice to any speculation about what to do if I'd been caught short when nature calls.

