Desperate Ex-Boyfriend

Author: kgirl17

*000*2016-01-31 07:01

This probably won't end up very long, but this is an experience I had with an ex.

I can't exactly recall the year, but I know that we had decided to spend the day with each other. Doing and running errands. We had been at each other house quite often, and I think even spent the night before. We had seen movies together, I think that at this point we had been with each other for about 8 months, and we stayed together after this for quite a while too.

The errands we were running were mine and since I knew where to go I was driving. Things went smoothly for a while. I went to the post office, went to pay a few bills, did a little bit of clothes shopping.

"The last thing to do is drop off this resume," I remember saying as I was trying to get a new job, "then we can go home."

"Good, I kind of need to go to the bathroom," He mentioned. He wasn't ever bashful with me, but clearly things like this can be a bit embarassing. Which I find strange considering it is a normal body function that we all have. I also knew at this point he wasn't extremely fond of public restrooms although he would use them.

"If you want you can come in," I had said back, or something along those lines.

"No, if we are going right back to your place it will be fine."

He said in the car as I took the application inside. When I came out, he was talking to my Mom. Short version of what happened with that is my Mom had missed a lot of work days, and they informed her that she would have to work overtime today. Due to the amount she had missed and other factors if she didn't work these hours than it was likely she would be fired.

So once hearing that I agreed to pick up my younger brother from the 4 or 5th grade he was in, maybe. Looking back I don't remember what reasons my Dad couldn't, but point was I had to go get him.

It was Friday and I planned on spending the night at home anyway. I informed my boyfriend of all of this and he said he would be happy to come with me, and spend the night at my Moms house. Mind you, my childhood home that we would be staying at is 2 away from where we currently were.

The time was around 1 or close to that, or right after that. Which means we had to leave right then if we wanted to pick my brother up from school at a reasonable time. Also due to locations there is only 1 or 2 conveintnet stores between here and there. I was aware of this, and my boyfriend also was. Yet neither of us said anything until we were too far out of town.

Clearly I didn't say anything because a part of me wanted to see this. I had seldomn seen anyone desperate, and this would be first hand just a few feet away.

Although I can say the fidgeting and other stuble sign began much sooner than I had thought they would. Only ten or fifteen minutes into the trip he began squirming like a impatient toddler. We had already passed the first store and the second would be up in about ten minutes.

The second store was down and although we had been keeping a conversation going I could hear the lag in his voice to reply and answer questions. Making sure I would still get there in time to pick up my brother I intentionally slowed my speed some. He still hadn't brought up a need to go again.

30 minutes into the trip he says, "I think maybe we should have stopped at one of those stores back there."

I add in to the conversation before he can say anything else, "Yes I this so too. I really could have used a water. Actually if you'll look behind me I think there is one, would you mind getting it?"

I wasn't lying when I said I wanted a drink, but a part of it was just to watch him. I saw his legs tighten as he heard the swish of liquid in bottle, there wasn't but about a fourth of the bottle left.

I had him open it for me and deliberatly took a nice long gulp, before swishing it around me. He visible winced the tiniest bit. Anyone not looking wouldn't have noticed.

" I actaully wanted to stop because I need to go to the bathroom," He replied, "Remember earlier? Anyway how long do we have left."

"Oh honey I'm so sorry. I completely forgot. Are you going to make it, we still have over an hour left?" I could win a grammy at how well I can act in these situations.

"I should be fine, probably," He said as I watched him press his legs together a bit.

We went in silence with just the raido as filler noise for a while. I noticed he had crossed one leg over the other, which was very very unusal for him to do. On top of that I would pretend to look out of my window and in the corner of my eye see him squeeze his crotch.

We it start happening at faster intervals I could tell he was worse off than I had thought. I wanted to see him desperate, but I didn't want him to pee in my car.

We had forty five minutes left when he jerked his hand onto himself, not bothering to see if I was watching. He was in pure concentration mode. He quickly righted himself and said, "I have got to pee so so bad. I don't know if I am going to make it."

I hated to be insensitive, I really did. I've been in that situation before and I know its tough, but I didn't know what to say. "Oh, I'm sorry, it's okay just hold on the best you can please. You can do it."

I finally realized what his urge was doing to me. I came to the realization of how bad I wanted to do things to him, and how I felt... down there.

He kept fighting urge for a while longer doing his best not to use a hand, but every once in a while having to.

He cursed a few time I guess when he felt like he might loose it, but he hadn't informed me of any leaks yet.

"No," I heard his whisper so quitely I thought was becoming paranoid. With a glance over there I knew what was happening. He was leaking. "I really don't want to pee in your seat," he informed me.

"Please try not to," I replied, but I was just so curious, "If you needed to go so much than why didn't you ask back there a long time ago?"

"Because" , He grunted using his hand to bear down on himself, "I thought I was just needing to go, i didn't think i was so desperate that I would actually go."

I got a warm feeling of how this was going to go, I think I might have found a keeper, "So your saying you didn't mind just needing to go, or just being a little desperate."

"No," His voice quivered, 'Umm, this is strange very strange, but in all honestly I don't mind being desperate, at all. I almost even like it... if that is a thing. but I don't want to pee myself either, not with your little brother and all."

Wow, just wow. "I do to," I blurted, "I feel the same way about that topics as you, and I would say I like it I really do. I just don't understand why."

"I was not expecting that," He smiled for just a second. It quickly transposing into a frown as both hand grabbed to control a spasm.

"What does it feel like?" My curiousity was getting the better of me.

"It feel like a water hose is trying to come out of me. Like the hole of the water hose when you block it off with your hand and then when you let go the force is so much hard for those few seconds. Its all down there at the very tip trying to shoot out. I'm still in shook that you like this," Was what he could say.

"Do you feel like you take your hands off at this point or not?" I replied divulging further into my questions.

"hmm," He thought for a moment, "How long?"

"Thirty seconds," I said easily.

He nodded and with a quick squeeze slowly let go. He shut his eyes to concentrate better. At ten seconds he said "Oh, no, not a good idea, shit. I'm loosing," He stopped and looked down.

I didn't really know what I was doing, I was probably over stepping multiple boundaries too, but somehow one of my hands was around him. It was helping him hold on, and with that hand I could feel the wet patch on his area but more that I had thought. He might have been leaking before I had thought. It was somewhat soaked.

He took over from there, so I wouldn't be as distracted with driving.

About 10 minutes later he said, "I can't. I'm not goint to make it. I need to pee, now."

"We only have 25 minutes left, you can do it, "I encouraged.

He shook his head, "No, you dont," He shoved forcefully with both hand thrasing in his seat unable to remain still, "I have seconds left. I've been loosing it. I have to go, now."

I eyed the bottle of water and drank the last swig handing it too him, "This is all I have."

He hesitated, "I don't know if it will fit, but... screw it," He replied. He let it go the plastic meeting the liquid and splashing into it like a hard stream of rain again tin. And the way that the last 30 minutes had made my body react, I won't even get into.

"Oh, oh, stop," He talked to his manhood, and broke the steady sound to an aburpt stop as he ran out of room in the bottle. With lighting speed he screwed the lid on, and had his hands at his crotch stemming the few leaks, "I still need to go, really really bad."

"But you can hold it?"

"Yes," He sighed.

And we did later explore each others interests.

*003*2016-02-01 00:55

{{ 

Oooh that is AWESOME! Did he actually make it? And please post more stories on this :)

}}

Yes he made it to the bathroom at the next store we saw to stop into. there was a small visible patch but he hid it with his jacket.

