One of the students

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2012-12-06 13:48

I am from nordic countries. So I am sorry if my english is not perfect.

When I was thirteen I first time found something sexy about other womens wetting themselves. However it was first time I saw something so hilarious and exciting.

Mee and my girlfriend were sitting on the schoolyard when some van drive there too. It was, what we called "jump hour", an hour we did not have a lesson in the middle of school afternoon. So, soon there was a group of actor students with us (two women and two guys, all 20 years or something, adults). They were supposed to act some play in the school gym after an hour. We were also invited and we of course guess who they were.

Guys were laughing and one girl started to carry their bags and other stuff out of their van. The other girl was very nervous. Girl was jumping and keep her hands between her legs. She was wearing blue tight jeans and woolshirt. Soon she saw us and was running straight to our direction. She asked where are the toilets. Whole time she was shivering and keep her knees together. I remember she had some freckles, brown straight hair and very long ponytail. Very beautiful actress student indeed.

Mee and my friend pointed against toilet door and told her that our outdoor toilets were probably locked because there were lessons on. That was the rule against violence and graffitis and so on. They were opened by teachers when breaks were on. She did not hear us. Girl was absolutely bursting and ran across the yard towards toilets. She dragged the big door many times, but it was not opening. It really was locked. She was moaning and just kept dragging and stood there knees together. Wetting was started already. We looked eyes wide open how she totally soaked her jeans and her tennis shoes. She said to others: "Are you happy now? I said I have to go..."

Guys and the other girl laughed at her even more now. Poor girl was very embarrassed and she put her woolshirt around her waist. Then me and my friend pointed them school gym and shower rooms. Of course they had their role costumes and that wetting event did not bothered their performance. Nobody believed us when we were telling our student friends that one of those actresses totally peed her pants in front of us before their performance.

