A Fantasy Come True

Author: l0v3ly

*000*2012-05-07 05:20

I'm a dancer, and last week was my final recital for the school year. There's a girl who is in my dance class, but was not in any of my numbers, that I've recently formed a crush on. She's a few years younger than me (I think 14, maybe 15), medium height, short curly light brown hair, brown eyes, pale, huge boobs, huge butt, a little thicker but not fat, and gorgeous high cheekbones. At this time, she was wearing her costume for her jazz number: extremely tight black spandex leggings, a purple tanktop that hit like mid-butt, and a jean vest. Now, backstage has always been a wonderful place to view desperation especially since a lot of people feel the need to pee when they're nervous. But this experience definitely tops them all. 

So I was backstage on our final night getting ready for my 2nd number. The way it works is when one number is on stage, the number that goes on after it is waiting in the wings, and the number after that is waiting backstage. And that's it. Otherwise you're supposed to stay in the dressing rooms to avoid things being crowded backstage. So when I noticed that this girl was backstage despite the fact that she still had about 7 or 8 numbers to go, I was rather confused. I almost kicked her out (I didn't really mind her being there because I like her, but it bothers me when people don't obey the rules and I didn't want to be a hypocrite) but then I heard something that stopped me in my tracks.

"I need to pee", she mumbled under her breath to her friend that was in my number

I was overjoyed. I had fantasized about her desperate and wetting SO many times. I sat on a stool backstage and watched her out of the corner of my eye. She was bouncing a little on the spot. Every so often she would run her hands down her thighs and squat a little, as if she was trying to keep herself from grabbing her crotch. It was subtle but I noticed it.Although she tried to make it seem like she wasn't that bad off, I could tell by her facial expressions (thanks to how much time I've devoted to watching this kinda stuff) that she was desperate and SCARED. At one point I saw her look around frantically and then grab her crotch and whisper

"Ooh. Wow. I REALLY need to pee."

It was not long after that when my number had to go on stage, and I was devistated I could not watch more of her desperation. :( but I've spent plenty of time fantasizing about it and how I wish it would have ended ;)

*003*2012-05-09 23:56

{{ 

Great story.

So what happened after you finished your act? Do they make you go back to your dressing room straight away, or were you able to hang around to look to see if she was still backstage?

}}

Anyone who "hangs around" backstage has a death wish. Not to mention even less time to get ready for their next number !

So no I wasn't. There's nobody back there monitoring us so I mean I could have but it would have been very stupid of me to do so, especially considering the girl is in the same dressing room as me.

*005*2012-05-13 23:12

Yeah, I still had another number or two almost directly after that one. And unfortunately for me, when I got back in the dressing room she seemed fine. She was just doing her splits in the center of the room warming up for her number (which was a lovely view but I still would have rather seen her desperate)

*007*2012-05-15 02:32

I know :( I really wished she would have.

