Friend's Accident

Author: nefnef13

*000*2015-06-28 12:25

So... This is my first post so don't be to harsh...

Last night my friends and I went to party to a house. The alcohol was running and two hours after we went there almost everyone was drunk. I can't drink, because I got really drunk a few months ago and since then I only drink a few beers every time I go out. So I was quite sober, along with my best friend. We'll call her Lucy. Our other friend, lets call her Mary, got really drunk. She mixed everything from rum to beer. We stoped her after a while and Lucy and I decided to take her for a walk around the area. Mary stoped after a while and told us that she wanted to pee. Lucy and I told her to hold on for a few minutes so that we could take her to a bathroom. 

We reached the house again and we went to climb the stairs when e noticed that Mary had stopped in the yard. We told her to come inside but she said no. She said that she couldn't hold it anymore and she started peeing right there and then. Everyone from the party could see her, but luckily they were all very drunk to notice and the lighting was very low. It was hilarious actualy, but I also got turned on. Her dark blue jeens turned almost black and she peed for a long time. She was soaked by the time she finished. Afterwards Lucy and I through some water on her and we made her sit on a chair until she got dry, so that someone would take her home!

*002*2015-06-28 12:58

{{ 

Cute story! I wonder whether Mary remembers how good it felt to wet her jeans and will try it again when drunk or even sober.

}}

Hahaha... we will soon find out!

*004*2015-06-29 11:57

{{ 

You should ask her about it, not like full on out there but subtly, I personally do it to my friends if I hear about something like this. It could turn out she's a regular wetter when she's drunk

}}

It was the first time we saw her that much drunk. I'll definitely bring it up!

*006*2015-06-29 18:00

{{ 

If she wet herself drunk & awake, wouldn't be surprised if she's wet the bed while passed out either.

I had a male friend who would get outrageously drunk and pee the bed. Not that much of a turn on for me because I'm not into guys, but still, only adult wetting I've ever seen. He told me he'd gone home with a girl, slept with her and wet her bed. She demanded he pay for a new mattress, but he talked her down somehow. Real smooth talker, that guy.

}}

Lucky guy!

*008*2015-06-30 19:20

{{ 

And what was her reaction the day after? Did she remeber this accident at all?

}}

We went out for coffee today... She said that she remembered nothing... She only knew about the peed jeans beacuse Lucy told her the other day!

*010*2015-06-30 22:14

{{ 

And what was her reaction or opinion few days after? Did she feel humilitated and bad after that, or she just acted like nothing stange had happened?

Did you hear opinions about her accident from other people from the party?

}}

Others thought it was hilarious! She acted like nothing happened!

