At a party... first real accident

Author: WetDev

*000*2012-02-27 17:45

On my first story, there were a lot of details that I had to leave out due to the post's length. So I guess I'll continue with some smaller stories.

This happened when I was about 6, so my memories of it are reaaally blurred. I remember we were going to a birthday party at a place waay far from where we lived (about 2 hours drive). So I remember being at the party and playing hide and seek a few times. Then I remember telling my sister that I needed to pee. She asked me if I wanted her to take me to the bathroom. But I was (and still am) pretty shy and had something against using other toilets outside my house for some reason... so I said no and we continued playing around, ignoring my desperation... It was pretty bad at the time, but I thought I could hold it..

I remember I was in a corner, hiding I think, and suddenly I just peed myself... it just came out and that's all I remember haha. Then some adult came to see what had happened and to clean the puddle, I can remember kids saying "someone peed!" and me denying that it was me. But I can't honestly remember if they noticed it was me. They probably did, I remember I was wearing tan shorts or pants, but I can't remember their reaction. And also I can't remember whether I was embarrassed or not lol, and if my mom caught me, or what happened afterwards... It's kind of a shame that I can't remember any of it, but oh well :/

So yeah.. that was my first genuine accident lol. I don't really have genuine accidents anymore (and none which I can remember since this one), which sucks because I always wanted to have one for some reason. I always have to plan and build up my desperation for wetting, which is kind of a bummer, I never really get taken by surprise. And another annoying thing is that I seem to have a big bladder, I've always been able to hold a lot and for a long time, so it takes quite a lot of water for me to get desperate.

*003*2012-03-02 14:24

Indeed, you are correct!

Some of my best stories are yet to come! These are just a "warm-up" xD

