Almost An Accident at Rush Hour

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-06-18 20:08

Hey guys and gals, im sorry i haven't posted in a while, I've been busy with work and when i have spare time i don't have the motivation to write :p. Been busy with work is the basis of this story of what happened to me earlier on today and is a good example of what too much tea at work can do :p.

So i started work at half 8 and went for dinner about 12, whilst working between those times i had about 5 cups of tea and at the end of my dinner break at 1ish i went to the toilet before starting work again. Then all afternoon i was out and about and had my flask of tea with me and by half 3 when i was about to head back to my office i quite desperately needed to pee, my bladder had gradually filled over the afternoon and was about a 8 so i set off back cos i had some work to do and intended to go pee when i got to my office. However between setting off and getting there i was distracted with work stuff and my need died down so when i got back i forgot all about it and set about working. I made myself a cuppa and slowly drank it as i worked, not paying attention to the fact my bladder was filling even more.

I finished working about 10 to 5 and packed my stuff away, went and signed out, put my stuff in my land rover then went and had a quick chat with someone before coming back and getting in my land rover to head home. The funny thing is that whilst doing this i passed the toilets like 6 times but as my need had died down i never even thought about using them. I set off down and out of the drive and slowly drove along the country lane towards the main road. I pulled out onto the main road into rush hour traffic. The problem with the roads round where i work is the mass amount of traffic lights, so its not a case of their being a lot of traffic, it just isn't moving :p.

As i slowly drove down the road hitting every red light going my bladder decided to wake up and suddenly i was desperate again. I wasn't bothered by it, it wouldn't take me long to get home. I made it past the sea of lights and set off along the main road heading for home. As i traveled along my bladder kept filling and now i was 9/10 and busting for a pee. But again although i was bursting i would be home soon enough and was confident of holding it. That was until i hit the main road that comes out of the city and got caught in traffic. I slowly moved along through the roundabouts and traffic lights. Suddenly my bladder squeezed and i shot to 10/10 and was seriously bursting now. As we were moving slowly i could have one hand grabbing myself to help hold while the other steered.

Although i was grabbing myself i leaked a little into my knickers....and again. As this happened i just about reached my turning and had to take my hand away from my crotch and steer. Without my hand pushing on my wee hole i leaked again and again. Luckily though at least i was moving. Although now i knew if i went straight home there was i chance i wouldn't make without losing control so decided to turn off early and go to a little farm track i know of and pee. I drove down the road bouncing and wiggling in my seat as i slowly leaked more and more into my knickers, which were now very damp and had even made a little wet patch on the front of my shorts. I turned off onto the back road that would lead me home, and more importantly to the farm track where i could take much needed relief. I drove on and came to the top of the big hill that would take me down home but turned off to the left onto the little dirt road.

I parked up and to my despair i noticed a couple and their dog walking down the footpath ahead which would lead them round the trees at the end and through the gate and onto the dirt road. All i wanted to do was jump out of my land rover and squat and release the torrent of pee wanting to come out. of my bladder. Even though they would be out of sight for a minute or two as they followed the path round the trees it still wasn't enough time to pee without them catching me so i sat bouncing and wiggling in my seat urging them to hurry up as i desperately tried to hold on for just a few more minutes. They came into view again and walked down the road, nice to see them taking their time without a care in the world as i was slowly starting to wet my knickers waiting for them to pass.

As they came close i tried to sit still and look inconspicuous. I mean sitting in a land rover on a farm track isn't suspicious, however i think sitting there bouncing and wiggling with my hand inside my knickers would be a bit suspicious. They passed by and i watched in the mirror until they went round the corner then i jumped out and dashed round the front of the land rover. I looked round to make sure the coast was clear, which at this point i didn't care if it was or not as i was starting to wet myself and couldn't hold it much longer. Luckily it was clear, if i had to wait for someone else to pass i would have definitely had an accident in my knickers.

I quickly undid my shorts and yanked them down, suddenly my bladder must have known it was going to get release as i started to pee, i tried to stop it so i could pull my knickers down but it wouldn't so i yanked my knickers down and out of the way to save any more damage and quickly squatted and let it release full flow. I moaned as my bladder finally felt relief. The feeling was wonderful. The feeling itself was making me horny but knowing at any second someone could walk round and catch me in the middle of having a pee was turning me on even more. I finally finished weeing and stood up, pulling my knickers up, the wet material making me horny as it rubbed against my pussy as i put them in place. Then i pulled my shorts back up which got a wet spot on the front as they made contact with my wet knickers.

I jumped back in my land rover and reversed out of the road and set off towards home. I got home about 5 minutes later and went in and my boyfriend looked up as i said hi to him and as i walked over to give him a kiss he pointed at the wet spot on my shorts and asked what it was so i told him what had happened then he stood up, undid my shorts and pulled them down then spun me round and smacked my wet bum for being a very naughty girl ;)

FIN

Hope you all liked, i will try to get round to posting more, especially in my sightings thread :)....and now i best finish writing this as whilst writing it my bladder has filled up and ive been sat writhing and squirming at my computer trying to finish it and now im seriously close to wetting myself so goodbye for now....

Love you all, Gemmy xxxx

