Tickle wetting

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-05-10 14:42

When my wife was around 17 years old one afternoon I was over at her house after she was out of school and nobody else was home. We were in the living room watching TV and laying on the floor, doing some making out while we were alone, etc. but nothing too heavy at that point. I forget how it started but we started trying to tickle each other for some reason and it turned into a bit of a tickle fight. Being bigger and stronger than her I quickly gained the upper hand and soon had her more or less pinned down, squealing as I tickled her. She started begging me to let her go, but I wasn't ready yet. Everyone begs to be let go, right? So I kept tickling and she started trying to say that she was about to pee if I didn't stop. She didn't know about my fetish yet. Immediately my heart beat faster and my mind raced at the thought of her having an accident.

Needless to say I did not stop tickling her. I kept going as she struggled, still laughing, still squealing, until suddenly she squealed even louder and higher pitched, still laughing, and stopped squirming. I looked down and the crotch of her jeans was turning dark. Since I was above her I couldn't see underneatch but since she was on her back most of the wetness must have been spreading downward so I could only see a small portion of it. I let her go and moved back toward her feet so I could get a better view. She lay there for another few seconds, still laughing, and shoved a hand down to her crotch and pressed hard into herself. I could see the trickle of pee against the fabric of the crotch of her jeans and the wetness spreading on her thighs and butt.

She gained control after another second and sat up, still laughing a little. I apologized and laughed with her, telling her it was ok and I didn't mind at all. She stood up and started to the bathroom. Her butt was very wet as well as her upper thighs. She went into the bathroom, finished peeing, came back out still wearing her wet jeans, went into her room, grabbed clean pants and panties, went back into the bathroom, took a few minutes to wipe herself off with a wash cloth, changed into the clean clothes, then came back out and put her wet clothes into the washing machine with some other laundry to wash them. We sat back on the couch and she punched me playfully in the arm and said, "I told you I was gonna' pee." It was all I could do not to jump her right there.

