The few experiences I've had

Author: Beatrix

*000*2011-12-16 21:27

Hey all, just thought I'd let you know the few experiences I've had :)

I used to go to the park a lot when I was younger, so I'd see others desperate to pee a lot and a couple of accidents. Sadly I can't really remember much since I was young but I do remember one kid just squatting and peeing in the middle of the park! I've done that before in a bush but not like that!

Since I've gotten older I really got into holding my bladder under it's so full that it HAS to come out! I remember when I was 14 or so and trying to have an accident for the first time on my own, and eventually getting about 400mls of pee out. Over time I've been able to hold as much as 1.5 litres and make a very impressive tummy bulge in the process!

I've always kinda liked holding and seeing others desperate, especially if they wet themselves ;) x

*002*2011-12-17 21:59

Thing is, there is a toilet at this park but the pavillion got torched and had to be rebuilt so for a while there wasn't one!

There wasn't any cover anywhere to pop a squat so it was either hold it, go home, have an accident, or just go wherever! One occasion I chose to go home... a 20 minute walk wasn't what my bladder wanted and it decided on this occasion to stop holding halfway home ;)

*004*2011-12-19 20:54

Oo, stories? Erm, not a lot really!

When I do my holds I always have a bowl nearby so I can go in that, just to save on mess. Sometimes I use a towel but not always. I just hold and hold and when I'm bursting I never seem to have a true "accident", but rather I try and hold with my legs open until it starts leaking. At that point it get sso easy to pee so I wait until it's constantly leaking and then I let go and pee through my knickers. I love that feeling! :D

