I think we've all had a moment like this

Author: Pencils

*000*2015-06-09 07:55

It’s a rite of passage for every omo fetishist to come really, really close to getting caught by somebody you don’t want to know about your fetish—your grandma, your little cousin, your rapey neighbor, etc. I have just had that moment. Without further ado, here’s how it all went down:

So I’ve just been hired by my mom’s friend to take care of her dogs for two weeks while she and her family go on vacation. The setup is that I act as a live-in caretaker, using their electricity and internet, eating their food, playing with their adorable doggies, and basically doing there what I would be doing in my own home, except for money. I don’t sleep there; I have a parent come pick me up at 10 or 11 and I go back early in the morning. Other than that, I’ve got the place to myself from dawn until dusk. So now you’ve got a young omo fetishist with a nice open backyard, half a wardrobe stored over there, access to a laundry room, lots of time to herself—it didn’t take me long to start seeing the possibilities.

There were a lot of things I could do—pee in the trash before taking it out; close all the blinds and walk around naked while holding; bring a towel of mine over and use that; wet in the kitchen or the foyer, or on the carpet if I’m confident the pet accident cleaners will remove it all; and so on. But last night, I decided on something more tame. My plan was to drink some, wait until I had to go (I didn’t have to be bursting or even uncomfortable, but I wanted to have something in there), put on my long nightshirt and nothing else, and pee outside while I took the dogs out for a potty break. It was a good start, and easy to do on short notice. Not a trace of evidence to worry about, and no advance planning or cleanup required, except wiping my legs down in the bathroom after the fact. It was foolproof.

I got the idea to do this around dusk, and I didn’t get out there until 9:10. It was a win-win situation for me and one of the dogs; she will play fetch until she collapses, and the prospect of a long, slow, gradual pee outside is about the only thing that will keep me from getting bored while I throw the ball. My only shoes were absorbent tennis shoes and I didn’t want to get pee on those, so I was left barefoot and confined to the porch. No big deal; I would just throw some water on the puddle to wash it away.

The neighbor was out with his dog, and even though I’ve never been into the risk thing, that was kind of hot, because I could have the thought that I was peeing within feet of a stranger without the fear of actually getting caught because he couldn’t see me through the fence. Anyway, I stood there, throwing the ball for the dog, peeing just a few drops at a time. Occasionally, I’d have a moment where I’d lose control and dribble softly for a second or two (I live for those moments) before clamping it off. There was pee dripping down my legs and a small puddle gathering at my feet. I got bolder, lifting up the nightshirt to expose myself fully, spreading my legs, peeing with more force, seeing if I could get my stream to arch behind me (I never can; I must not be built for that), that sort of thing. I walked to various spots around the porch and peed here and there, peed while walking/jogging in place/moving somehow. It was great.

It was so awesome, in fact, that I forgot my fear of the dark, which makes sense, because if anything trumps fear in a human’s mind, it’s sex. It was just me, the dogs, the great outdoors, and the puddle at my feet, and I felt totally warm and safe and at peace with the world until I heard the door open behind me. This would scare me anyway, but the fear was made a thousand times worse because I knew it was my mom (she has a spare key) and I was out there going commando, dripping wet and standing in a puddle of my own pee. I would rather it have been an axe murderer. But it was Mom, and I managed to step away from the puddle (I was so, so glad I’d chosen a spot outside the reach of the porch light) just as she approached me and said, “You scared me, young lady.”

“I scared you?”

“I was so worried. I called five times, and you didn’t answer the door.”

“You’re not even supposed to be here yet.”

“Did I do something wrong?”

“I just wasn’t expecting you.”

“You’re acting so strange. Is there someone over?” I would sooner have let my God-fearing mother believe that I had a naked gigolo hiding in a closet somewhere than that I was outside peeing myself for fun.

By this point, I’d gotten inside and had shut myself in the bathroom and turned on the water. I got rid of the drips on my legs and made sure there was no urine smell left. She was standing at the door, chattering away about how worried she was and how weird I was being while I reassured her that there wasn’t any funny business going on; she just scared the living crap out of me. I came out to get my pajama pants. She asked me why I wasn’t wearing them already and I told her I went outside to feed the dogs with no pants on just because I could. (There was no non-shameful way to play that off.)

I also said I went into the bathroom to put calamine lotion on the fifty billion mosquito bites I got when I was out there. She offered to take me home early and I accepted. I was still shaking a bit, and she was like, “Wow, I really must have scared you,” and I said yeah, she did. She apologized and we laughed it off, and away we went. To really bring it home, I made sure to tell my dad the story of how Mom scared me really bad while she was in the room. She acted like she bought it, and if she’s suspicious, you’ll know it, so I really don’t think she was the wiser.

I had planned to pee outside every time I had to go when I was over there. Now I’m not sure if I’ll be able to do it again. Those memories. Yeesh.

Lessons learned:

- If there’s even the slightest chance that someone will come over, give yourself a wider time buffer than you think you need.

- Always take your phone with you.

- Bring plastic flip-flops so you can pee in the grass and not have a puddle to hide.

- Of the things that repel mosquitoes, urine is not one of them.

TL;DR: Took advantage of some extended alone time, peed outside at night, unexpectedly got caught by mom, behaved strangely trying to hide the evidence, managed to play off strange behavior as me being startled. Lessons were learned.

*009*2015-06-16 02:01

So, this kind of took off. I wrote and posted this under the influence of some hormones and diverted blood flow, and now that I'm no longer under that influence, I kind of regret it, because I'm not 100% comfortable being viewed in a sexual light. But I'm still kinda proud of it, and I'm glad y'all like it. It upgraded my membership status, if nothing else. Anyway, I haven't done anything else like this since. The memory of this incident was enough to keep me pure and chaste. That'll wear off eventually, and I'll be right back to my old antics, and if you guys are lucky, I'll do another writeup. But as a rule, I tend to use my talents for fiction and fanfiction, not to record my own personal experiences.

{{ 

What an exciting story, Pencils, but whatever happened to the various puddles of pee that you left on the porch?

}}

As expected, they evaporated. I could still see the salt deposits left on the ground. This speaks to a lack of proper hydration. The dogs also sniffed the area very intently when I let them out the following morning. There was no arousal in this. Only shame.

{{ 

PS As a parent myself I can tell you your mom probably was concerned you were doing something that could get you into trouble . Seeing you nervous like you were definitely set off alarm bells. For example had somebody over there that you shouldn't have, like she said, or some other such thing. That is always a big concern for parents. That you were outside deliberately wetting yourself likely was never a thought.

}}

Yeah, very true, but I have a well-documented tendency to be scared very easily. The adrenaline rush I get from a jump scare-type incident is enough to mess with my head. My mom knows this. In that context, I wasn't acting out of character. She also knows that there is virtually no chance of someone like me having sex, drinking, doing drugs, setting off cherry bombs in the backyard, etc., so those were just fleeting concerns.

{{ 

Wonderful story, what would have your mom done if you knew you were wetting yourself?

}}

I don't know. I don't care to imagine. It would have been very awkward.

