Girl classmate accident in grade school

Author: WhatsDinner

*000*2015-09-19 23:57

This is my first time posting on this section of the forum, any comments or feedback is welcomed. I am sharing a memory of a wetting I saw when I was in first grade.

The sighting happened during winter time. Our school was all girls, and had the same winter and summer uniform for everyone. For winter, we wear a long sleeve pale yellow shirt, buttoned down the back, with a dark grey sleeveless dress on top of it that comes down to just above the knees. It was cold that day, so we were allowed to wear a dark coloured pair of full length wool stockings/panty hose to keep warm under the dress, instead of socks. It covers the feet, legs, and all the way up over the panties.

It was visuals art class, and the assignment for the day was for us to draw a full body standing portrait of our assigned partner. I was paired with a girl, we can call her Carol. Carol is a skinny shy girl of few words. Her long hair was tied in two pony tails on each side.

Our art teacher is a strict teacher in her late 30s or early 40s. I remember she had given our class a lecture because we all coloured our clouds blue, leaving the sky white. We always had to draw in whispers and silence or else we would be made to stand as a punishment for the entire duration of the class.

Carol was standing beside our desks posing for me to complete my assignment. She chose a pose where her left arm was extending out off to the side, and her right arm bent up touching the side of her head. She was putting most of her weight on her left foot, while only the toes of her right foot was touching the floor bent slightly behind her.

The lesson is half an hour long. About 10min into the class, I noticed that Carol kept pressing her knees and rubbing her thighs together, and moved her body side to side. I didn't think much of it, some kids just has trouble standing still. Another 10 more minutes later, she shifted her pose so she was standing a bit bent and awkward. Carol did not say anything the whole time. She was just standing there trying to maintain her pose.

Suddenly, I saw a stream of pee run down her right leg. As Carol was wearing a dress, I only saw the pee come out below her knees, trailing down flooding her shoes and onto the floor. It was a slow and continuous flow, the whole time Carol was still standing frozen in the same pose. I remember just staring, unsure what I should say or do, and finally managed to ask, "what are you doing?"

Carol still did not say a thing, but just stared at the stream of pee pooling on the floor silently. After about 1-2 minutes, leaving a large puddle behind on the floor, she just walked back to her seat and sat down on her pee soaked panties and stockings. She looked like she was really embarrassed about wetting herself. I wasn't done my painting, but did not want to ask her to keep standing there, so I decided to randomly draw in the rest and hand in my work. Another 2 lessons (at least an hour) went by before another teacher walked by and noticed the puddle on the floor. She asked "why is there so much water here on the floor?" and finally saw that Carol had peed herself. She asked her to go to the school office and had her changed into some gym clothes for the rest of the day.

The following day, Carol still did not say anything or bring up the accident. I am not sure why I remember this incident with such details since it isn't really a turn on for me. I do hope some of you have enjoyed reading about it.

** I tried posting this once 5 days ago, but haven't seen it displayed on the forum still. I'm resubmitting this story now, but if I'm double posting, I apologize in advance to all the admins for the trouble.

