I just don`t learn, do I?

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2011-08-25 04:42

Well, you guys wanted to hear what happened, yes? In the off-topic section, I also recalled a memory where my mother found me just as I started to wet myself on the bed! Very embarassing; you'd think that I would have learned my lesson already, but that was not the case~

Yesterday was a long night. I was doing a few things, and my parents were asleep. I sleep on a bunk bed, and I get the top, while mom is at the bottom. You know how some people gain higher productivity during the night? Well, that is also my case.

I wasn't wearing much at all... Just a pink lace babydoll that accentuated my breasts nicely and matching pink panties with a little white bow in the front! It has been a while since I last went to the bathroom, but I was so comfortable and warm and I simply didn't want to move!

I was browsing Reddit while listening music through my headphones, because I am also a compulsive procrastinator~ ^.^

At some point, though, my urgency became quite strong, and I fidgeted for about an hour or so as I did my other things online... Suddenly, the pressure began to excite me and well, all productivity went down the drain...

I casually began to stroke myself, not realizing what I was about to do. I poked myself using my middle finger through my panties, teasing myself. Because I didn't realize what I was doing, I let myself become a little too sensitive and my urgency suddenly spiked and I suddenly could not hold it in...

I tried to stop the stream, but it kept going for about five seconds, and my panties and the lower back part of my babydoll were soaked... My heart was beating quickly and my nipples became stiff... I couldn't believe that I was already starting to have an accident on my bed again, but luckily my mom was asleep so she couldn't hear me.

I lifted my fingers from my crotch, and I watched as my urine dripped from them. I rubbed my breasts with that hand while I began to stroke myself again with the other. I pinched my nipples as I did this and I sometimes licked my fingers as well, but the wet spot became bigger... and bigger...

I didn't want to sleep on a wet bed that night, and I was scared that my mother would hear me hiss if I kept peeing, so I went to the bathroom, both hands tucked between my legs because I was losing a few drops! And I sat on the toilet and let it all go through my panties... Ah, what a relief!

I finished playing with myself there and then I put on a clean pair of panties and went back to bed.

###

This was a short story, you can read more if you look at my profile. Please let me know of any comments or suggestions, thanks!

Edit: I should really just learn to not wet the bed ^.^;;

*003*2011-08-25 22:09

Thank you everyone~

*008*2011-08-31 08:55

Heh, it smells a little gross, but it's kind of gone now ^.^

I honestly didn't know what I was thinking, Vicky! Ah, my desires tend to get the better of me at times...

*011*2011-09-02 04:56

{{:

Reddit causes people to not be able to take their eyes off the screen. It's too good. I dont blame you.

}}

True, that! If I'm not paying attention, a few hours easily go passing by~

*018*2012-09-07 07:41

{{:

Did you just PURPOSELY pick the literal sexiest outfit ever?

}}

I have plenty of sleepwear like that, actually. Sometimes I feel like wearing regular pajamas, but other times I just wear a babydoll that covers me just above mid-thigh to just above me knees. Very comfortable. I've done a few sessions where I also wear thigh-high socks or stockings.

