Anecdotes of my ex - Too late for the toilet

Author: gus74

*000*2013-06-21 22:01

As I told you in my previous story here: 

$/14836-anecdotes-of-my-ex-doing-the-dishes/

One time my ex was ill and a doctor told her that she needed to drink a lot of water during a few days (and I forgot to comment, I was very thankful to that doctor ). In that story I told you hoy she peed through her pants and into a trash can after doing the dishes because she couldn't hold it long enough to get to the bathroom.

The night of the next day I went to the bathroom while she was washing the dishes. She usually got desperate while doing the dishes, especially if she hadn't went in a while. Since that day she hadn't went to the toilet after drinking her afternoon coffee, I was hoping that she would come to the bathroom desperate, but never expected what finally happened.

Those days she was following the "drink a lot of water" doctor's orders, so she needed to use the toilet more often than usual, and got desperate more easily (and more heavily). While I was sitting in the toilet I heard her knocking. I said "I'm here" and a "Let me in" came from the other side of the door. "In a minute" I replied but she opened the door and walked a step inside. I told her "I'll be done in a moment" while cleaning myself, but she replied "don't worry, I'm already doing it". I need to add that the toilet was placed just behind the open door, so I needed to lean forward to peek behind the door and see what she was saying: the back of her right leg was already wet down to her knee and shining!.

I said "come inside" and she took to more steps while I closed the door behind her, afraid that our little daughter could walk by and see her like that. I proposed "use the tub" but she said "too late for that" and just stood there, her left leg straight, the right one slightly bend, peeing down her jeans and into the floor, while I watched from the toilet.

She told me later that she began to lose it doing the dishes (she has a think that she can't stop washing until she finishes), peed her panties there, and leaked all the way to the bathroom, walking slowly with her legs crossed while the wet spot in her jeans was getting bigger with every step. She even took off her shoes in the kitchen to avoid peeing them. So in fact... I missed a hell of a show!

Before letting her take off her clothes to take a bath, I went for the camera and took a snapshot of a moment to remember.

Gus

*003*2013-06-23 02:06

{{ 

Hi Gus! Your ex wife's stories are great. I wonder if you could also post them in spanish. Greetings

}}

I post them in English because it's the site's language. If there's no rule against it, I can post the Spanish versions as well.

*005*2013-06-23 19:09

{{ 

Dude! I love the pic but, dose your x know that you're posting it!?

}}

No, but I never show her face or give any personal data to identify her...

