My bedwetting adventures this week

Author: Peeingisfun13

*000*2015-01-16 14:35

So, as some of you know, I am married to someone who is totally not okay with my fetish, and there is no hope that he would even ever indulge me. So, when this event happened a few nights ago, I could barely contain my excitement.

My husband and I were laying in bed and we talked a little and fell asleep. I had told him that I had some problems leaking and/or wetting the bed since I'm pregnant and my bladder is weak. It not entirely untrue, but I haven't ever accidentally completely wet the bed. It's only ever a little squirt. Still I felt bad about lying to him but this was the only way I could indulge in my fetish around him without him getting mad or disgusted. He would understand because he had major bedwetting problems until he was 17, so him getting mad would just be wrong.

So anyway, he wakes me up in the middle of night with a shaky voice. I looked at him all confused and them he asks, "Babe, did you wet the bed?" I looked down and felt myself, a little disappointed that I hadn't, but then realizing what this might have meant. I looked at him and said, "No, I'm fine. Why?" He looked down and told me he was completely soaked but he was pretty sure he didn't pee himself. Nevertheless he changed and went to shower. I felt his side of the bed. It was damp. I smiled and went to smell it. It didn't have a strong odor, but I will always like to think he wet the bed, just so I can have that small event to think about.

The next night I was determined to "accidentally" wet the bed. I drank a fair bit of water and went to sleep, letting my bladder fill up all night. The excitement of possibly peeing on him was almost too much to bear, and I was almost hoping it really was an accident so I didn't feel bad about it. When I woke up, I was sad to discover I had not wet myself, but I still needed to pee really badly. I sat there for a minute, almost ready to let it go, but them I realized it was only 30 minutes until we had to wake up, and it would still be warm, so accidentally peeing myself would not have been a plausible story. I gave up and just went to the toilet, hoping I would find the courage some other day.

The night after that he was at work, so I was free to indulge in my fetish as I pleased. Since I didn't have any diapers, I stuffed towels in my underwear. I had already needed to pee pretty badly, so I was really hoping to have a genuine accident. I know there are people who are very self conscious about it (like my husband) but I really wanted to know what it feels like to wake up wet and have no recollection of how or when it happened. I only used towels because I didn't want my husband to come home to a huge mess. Halfway through the night, I was half awake when my bladder released itself onto my barrage of towels. I was partially awake for this, so I didn't really count it. I cleaned up in the morning before my husband came home from work.

Hopefully one day I will have the courage to wet the bed in front of him, although I really want to have a true accident, just to experience how it feels. I have soaked a diaper while in bed with him. He was asleep and didn't know, but it felt amazing to be wetting in front of him. I wish it didn't have to be secret at all, but I'll take what I can get.

