Almost Made It

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-06-28 11:45

Hey Guys and Gals, thought I would share another adventure with you as seen as my other stories seem to get a lot of praise...this happened last friday night.....

I finished college the week before and on friday night we had a presentation evening/leavers party for all the students from our department. We (me and my boyfriend) left home at about half 6 to get there in plenty of time as the party started at 7:00. We got there and the party got underway and I was doing a lot of dancing and having loads of fun. All the while I kept taking advantage of the free drinks on offer, I lost count of the number of cans I had throughout the night. As the night went on i noticed my bladder filling but I ignored it and continued dancing. The night came to an end about 10:00 and I said my goodbyes and we left.

Due to the lack of parking at the venue we had parked in the car park on the college campus which was a 10 min walk. As we were walking I noticed just how bad my need was and the cold air wasnt helping. I hadnt even thought about using the toilet before we left and now I was wishing I had as with each step my need gradually got worse. I wasnt too worried though as I am confident of my ability to hold so I pushed the thought to the back of my mind and continued walking.

By the time we reached our car I had reached about 8 out of 10 on the desperation scale and was stood crossing my legs waiting for Matty to open my door. I just wanted to get in and sit down, at least then I would be out of the cold and could cross my legs to help me hold. We set off and as it was reasonably late there was very little traffic on the roads meaning our journey home would only take about 15 minutes. As we were driving along my need had grown to a 9 and I could feel all the drinks I had consumed filtering their way through and into my bladder. I began rocking my legs up and down as I squirmed in my seat.

After 10 mins we were almost home and my bladder had now reached bursting point. I was sat wiggling, with my legs crossed and my hand pressed into my crotch trying to hold back the flood threatening to erupt from my bladder. I looked at the time and realised it had been 12 hours since I had last pee'd, no wonder I was bursting. I just wanted to get home, not because I wanted to get to the toilet, I didnt, because I love wetitng myself. I wanted to get home ASAP because I really didnt want to get my dress wet. The dress I was wearing is really important to me as it is the dress my boyfriend bought me to wear when he asked me to marry him and I didnt want to ruin it. With this in mind I put my feet up onto the seat and pulled my dress up just incase I lost control.

We pulled into our drive and parked up, matty got out but I just sat there, I couldnt move. He opened my door and I used all my strength to hold it back before uncrossing my legs and stepping out. The action of bending over to stand up caused my bladder to squeeze and I leaked a little into my knickers. I managed to regain control and hobbled into the house, all the while myhand jammed into my crotch. The moment I got in I took my dress off to save it from a soaking. I sat in the chair and began wiggling like mad trying to hold on. I picked up my laptop and logged onto the IRC to talk to Beatrix, who loves it when im bursting and told me to hold on. Although I was on the verge of wetitng myself I wanted to hold on for her and matty told me to hold it until half 11. I looked at the time, it was 5 past 11, 25 minutes....i seriously doubted I could do it, but I was determined to try for both Matty and Beatrix.

I sat there squirming, wiggling, dancing....doing everything to hold on. Time seemed to be going mega slow and my need seemed to be increasing in epic proportions. I was on the verge of wetting myself....11:15....i can hold on......11:20.....Come on only 10 mins to go........11:25......OH GOD I CANT HOLD IT. The five minutes up till 11:30 were torture, I ended up with my hand in my knickers, rubbing furiously to hold back the flood. It was then I decided I would try make it to the toilet....i love just made it situations and I love getitng to the point where Im about to lose control and seeing if I can make it.

As soon as the clock hit 11:30 I quickly typed brb to Beatrix and jumped up and set off on the long trek to the bathroom. I hobbled into the corridor, my bladder on the verge of exploding. I slwly climbed the stairs, each step I took I leaked a little into my knickers. I didnt think I could make it to the top. However I did, all be it with very damp knickers. I had to stop for a moment and rub myself to stop the flood commencing. I made sure I was in control then tool little baby steps towards the bathroom.

As soon as I entered the sight of the toilet made my bladder contract and I started leaking, spurting, dribbling, this was it, I was about to wet myself. I took one step closer to the toilet and my bladder gave in, exploding wee into my knickers, soaking them through within seconds. I just stood there with my wee pouring out of me and running down my legs. Luckily we have a wet room so there is a plug hole in the middle of the floor. I continued weeing for what felt like forever and eventually it stopped. My legs felt weak so I sat down on the toilet, my wet knickers stretching tight across my pussy.

All I wanted to do was rub myself with my wee soaked fingers until I had a huge orgasm. Unfortunately I was under orgasm denial meaning that wasnt allowed. The fact that I hadn't cum for 12 days and had been edging everyday meant I was aroused to start with, but after that I was super aroused. I sat there for ages before I peeled off my wet knickers and went into the bedroom and changed into my pyjamas. I then went back downstairs and regailed Beatrix and Matty with what happened as I wanted them to be just as aroused as I was.

FIN

Hope you guys enjoyed, leave comments and critism below as I love hearing what you think. Ill see you soon with some more tales of Gemmy's Wet Escpades

Gemmy xxx

