Operation Pee Outside: Fail

Author: Guest KingNeptune

*000*2014-07-17 17:07

Well, upon reading some of the other peeing outside stories here, I decided to try it myself. I felt like that this was the perfect opportunity to try something that I've been longing to try, my aunt was off at the coffee shop, my sister was taking a shower, and my stepdad was off at work. Other than that, I was "home alone". Also, I had a pretty clever excuse (in my mind) to why I was gonna piddle outside.

So I start out with grabbing a few tissues from the house, and I go outside into the backyard. My backyard is fairly big and has a lot of foliage, so I was pretty confident that I wouldn't get caught. I had first had my mind set on the spot I was gonna go to, a fairly covered spot at the bottom of this hill, with a bush type plant, and some other leafy plants. I quickly changed my mind, upon stepping into the spot, and hearing an odd noise that sounded like it'd came from an animal. Being the chicken I am, I second guessed myself.

So I go to the back of my backyard, out by the brush pile and near the crab apple trees. I just kinda stand by the spot, looking to see if I was at least partially visible from their porches. I step to the other side of a bush that grew by the fenced that marked the end of our property line (on the other side of the fence was a community park, but there was a heavy amount of bushes covering the fence, which eliminated the chances of my butt being seen, lol), and just kinda stood there too.

I decided to man up, and I slipped off my pants and underwear, and squatted. At this point I just about had a heart attack. From the top of the hill on the other side of my yard, I hear my stepdad talking on his phone in the garage. I do have a moment of pure panic, and I get dressed again. I'm pretty sure that he didn't see me, since there was a big tree on the hill that lined up like Allerdyce's skeleton to the top of Skeleton Island, except the tree was Allerdyce, and my piddle spot was Skeleton Island.

There you have it, my first attempt of peeing outside as a fail. Hopefully you'll learn from my mistakes, whoops.

