A very wet week

Author: themerger

*000*2013-01-03 07:36

So I am thrilled to say that I have had my apartment to myself this week, with roomies away on holiday trips which has let me have a very wet week!

Having the privilege of wetting whenever I want has been such a pleasure! While I was cooking dinner tonight, I simply walked into the bathroom, extremely desperate, crossed my legs and let go of my bladder completely. I had never crossed my legs and wet before and I must say, I don't think I can stand and wet any other way! Not only did it feel incredible, there was actually steam coming off of my pants as I completely soaked myself, filled my chuck taylor's with pee and left a huge puddle on the floor; nothing a simple wipe with the towel couldn't handle.

Just a few minutes ago, I went out back of my apartment building, (a cool old building in a residential neighborhood) since it was so quiet at 2 am, I sat on the back patio smoking a pipe and just let myself go. Seriously I have never released with such force "in public" and sent huge trails of pee down the slanted concrete to the street. My pants were soaked in the back and honestly, I couldn't even stop the flow once i started. It felt absolutely divine!

Also, as I posted in another topic, I divulged all of my fetishes to my best friend (and ravishing sexual partner) earlier in the week. Her reaction was extremely positive and even curious in a way. She was disappointed I hadn't told her sooner but was very supportive and thought that it was pretty cool and somewhat "mainstream" to have a pee/golden shower/wetting fetish. She's very interested in sexual psychology and is currently studying at the same university that I am in hopes of attaining a career in the subject. Thus we had a lot to discuss...including when she's going to pee on me :) I can't wait!

I may even be able to convince her to wet herself through panties on me or something else involving omo. Only time will tell and I will be sure to tell y'all when it happens!

Cheers!

*002*2013-01-03 16:44

You have the courage now! I certainly do not want to pressure you into doing something you are uncomfortable with but it seems that the majority (as I've read on other wetting sites) agrees that sharing your fetish with your lover often produces unexpected results. Granted, I have known this girl for about 4 years now and dated intimately for two of those four so I can't say I wasn't apprehensive.

However, I made a comittment to myself just before the recent New Year that I would not let feelings of anxiety or fear dictate my actions (of COURSE it's inevitable sometimes) and would also consider that at the end of the day, we are the only people who can love ourselves absolutely (not to take credit away from your significant other). Thus I think you owe it to yourself and your partner, when you think the time is right, to divulge your own interests.

Sorry for the soapbox :p

Happy wettings and best of luck in the New Year!

