My Two friends part 3

Author: Damien85

*000*2011-03-15 00:51

For those of you that were waiting for so long, I apologize. We had some minor technical difficulties but everything went off without a hitch last weekend. We decided to make it a special occasion so we got a hotel room and I brought alcohol, some movies, and some video games for a good time. And diapers of course. For those of you that don't remember the situation or haven't read either of my previous posts, the situation is this: My friend that I graduated high school with is paying me money to pay my friend in college money to pee her pants. If you didn't follow that it comes down to me getting paid to watch my friend pee herself. I know what you're thinking (mostly because I've read your comments) but it's true and I am one of the luckiest people on this board.

The latest bet was for her to pee in a diaper until it leaks or four times, whichever came first. I'm also saying this is a disclaimer. If diaper wetting isn't your thing, you might want to stop reading.

So we got to the hotel, checked in and started the fun. She had to pee going into the hotel, but her goal was to fill the diaper to breaking point in one go so we waited. She downed half a bottle of cheap wine in about 45 minutes and needed to go pretty badly at that point. So I gave her a diaper and she went to the bathroom to put it on. First we needed to get a video of her in just a diaper so I went in and there she was in the shower in just her shirt and a diaper. It was one of the hottest things I've ever seen in my life. So after I got her turning around in the diaper to confirm to my friend that she was in fact in one, she put her jeans on over the diaper. 

All of this was done very slowly and carefully as she was more than a little tipsy. Now with her jeans back on and my camera phone rolling, she let me know when she started peeing. I could actually hear the urine filling up her diaper. After the first 15 seconds I asked her how it felt to pee in a diaper. To my complete surprise she said that it felt really good and warm. However she was upset when she finished after 40 seconds of peeing and noticed that there was no leak. She didn't want to walk around in the diaper, so she just sat down and asked me to bring her her wine so she could get ready for take two.

Thirty minutes later and her entire bottle of wine gone, she stands up and tells me to start filming. I loved her starting line: "Alright, lemme think about it....one...two..three aaaaaaaand peeing". This force wasn't so strong that I could hear it, but after about five seconds, the tell-tale sign of a diaper hitting its threshold began to appear. Her once dry blue jeans started to glisten with pee as it flowed from the edges of her diaper, down her legs, and into the shower drain. She let out a victorious yell started to strip down out of her diaper. After she got changed back into dry clothes we went back out and drank some more and played Heavy Rain.

She got completely smashed and I wasn't too sober by the time we went to bed, which is why I had the courage to ask her to put on a diaper before going to sleep and I assume why she said yes. The next morning she woke up and then woke me up with the news that it was a good idea for her to wear a diaper to sleep. She let me have a feel of her bulging diaper which was simply awesome. After a few minutes of talking she said she needed to pee again. I assumed that she was going to get up and go to the bathroom, but to my complete surprise, she let out a soft sigh and I could hear her peeing. After she was finished she told me that the diaper didn't do us as much good as we would've hoped. She got up and there was a gigantic wet spot on the sheet.

I have yet to be challenged with another bet, but as soon as I do, you all will be the first to know.

*002*2011-03-16 07:07

{{ 

I'm sorry but that sounds too good to be true. You can prove it if you post the video you made.

}}

Sorry bro, can't do it. If you don't believe me, that's your choice. Deleting the videos was the only way I could get her to agree to do it.

*004*2011-03-20 07:54

{{ 

I'm sorry to hear that. Do you think you could gete her to wet herself on camera for you?

}}

She did wet herself on camera for me...she was getting paid to help me win a bet. It's just the condition was that I had to delete the videos as soon as I had confirmation they were received by my other friend.

{{ 

GRRRR!!! You are SO THE LUCKIEST GUY HERE >.< I'm sorry for my caps but...I'm just honestly....SO FREAKIN JEALOUS!!! ;-; xD

}}

I think that the dude whose girlfriend knows of his fetish and peed her pants for him is the luckiest guy here. If I told this girl that I was into this stuff, she would probably never talk to me again.

