I may have created a monster...! - Page 8

Author: danewet

*175*2016-03-04 04:30

We were cuddling in bed and talking, when I suddenly felt my leg getting warm...

Love when she just surprises me, and happens to be in the mood to be naughty

&&

&&

&&

&&

*176*2016-09-02 14:29

This thread is now over 3 years old...and my "monster" is still at it

She likes to surprise me when it's most inconvenient...guess it's in her nature to be a rebel, and a grown woman wetting herself must be categorized as something rebellious I guess?

As you can see, she failed the inspection miserably here....!

&&

&&

&&

&&

*181*2016-09-09 22:00

{{:

On 2/9/2016 at 4:48 PM, ragtime said:

Thanks for keeping up this monstrous thread! Are the inconvenient times mostly at home now or does she let loose, say, inconveniently before a banquet or in the middle of a dedication ceremony or when reuniting with long lost friends?

Whatever the case, I would vote for her behavior as decidedly PUNK.

}}

It's mostly at inconvenient times...like when we are about to go out, or to bed...or maybe I'm busy with some work etc.

But she has done it often while we are out...like at the movies.

But she keeps it discrete! We are responsible and respectable people

{{:

On 3/9/2016 at 9:48 AM, Helena said:

So nice to see you two back! I just love to read about happy couples, having fun together.

How often does she wet herself? Is it morse on a daily basis or just sometimes special?

Hope to see more of you two. Promise to take good care of your monster. In every possible way...

}}

Thanks, we are just a normal couple with a naughty secret...so it can't be on a daily basis at all.

She'll just get in the mood, and it isn't up to me when that happens. So sometimes we can hit a wet streak ...and there are lots of wet fun, and other times we hit a dry spell. It's just like with most things in life.

We both have busy lives, but it's nice to have our secret side...sometimes just as small naughty text messages or hints that only we know what mean

*189*2017-08-21 00:28

Just to let you know that we're still at it, and tonight she went to sleep looking like this

This thread was started 4 years ago ...so somehow it has become some sort of reference point.

&&

&&

*192*2017-08-22 15:55

{{:

On 8/21/2017 at 7:33 AM, WritingIsSexy said:

I'm not going to lie, the longer I read your thread the more I was dreading a post saying that you had split up or something. My heart was in my mouth by the time I got to page number six! I couldn't be happier that you guys are still together and having fun. Long may that continue

}}

Thanks for the concern and good wishes!

We live pretty normal lives with all the joys and challenges that come with that.

But I'm sure our little spicy secret is a good healer or glue...to remind us that we are very special as a couple.

*194*2017-11-03 15:12

When you find your girlfriend all engulfed in her favorite Netflix series...and you happen to lift the sheets to check on her

So honey...how do you explain this??

&&

&&

&&

*196*2017-11-09 15:09

{{:

On 11/3/2017 at 4:23 PM, Ely said:

I just want to let you know that your thread makes me happy ! I love cute kinky love stories ! Wish you two all the best !

}}

Thanks for the well-wishes

