Fashion wettings

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2015-04-12 19:44

So I was at a party the other day and I had this conversation shortly before I got blitz while we were in the living room smoking some mara-I mean eating sandwiches.

Tyler: What you studying, lass?

Lass: Fashion.

Tyler: Fashion? Like...clothes and shit.

Lass: Yeah...you-

Tyler: Seems difficult. Like..making the dresses and shit.

Lass: Yeah, I feel worse for the models though. Some of that stuff is so tight.

Tyler: Hey, if they managed to get into it -Interuptted by someone passing me a sandwich- Then they should be able to... fuckin get out of it, right?

Lass: Not all the time.

Tyler: Whaddya mean?

Lass: Well -She now has the sandwich- some of that stuff is too tight to even slip into. Like tighter than latex or whatever so-

Tyler: How d'they get into it then?

Lass: We sew 'em in.

Tyler: Really? What if you accidently sewed it to their fuckin' skin.

Lass: Then we'd have a very pissed off model.

Tyler: True true..shit, yo what if they need a piss or something?

Lass: Oh! Thats the worst.

Tyler: You just cut a fuckin' hole in the dress?

Lass: Fuck that! We just tell them to hold it most of the time.

Tyler: Damn. That's brutal. What if they fuckin' piss themselves?

Lass: Thats actually happened a few times.

Tyler: Thats disgusting. (T'is only a white lie)

Lass: I know right! I feel sorry for them though. This one girl...she was just downing water and when she was about to go on...boom. Pissed herself everywhere. Felt so embarressed for her. Pee almost ended up all over me.

Tyler: Y'know some people pay for that?

Lass: -laughter- But yeah. Never seen anyone shit themselves but wetting themselves yeah.

Tyler: But not a single one sewn into their outfit?

Lass: I wouldn't put it pass the fashion industry.

Tyler: Fashion is a truely brutal industy.

Then we played Ring of Fire....that's about all I remember. Pretty sure someone will get something from this.

