Contest At Work

Author: Suki

*000*2013-05-19 07:43

I got a call from my boss, and she told me to get over to the cosplay cafe immediately. I hung up the phone, got my shoes on, grabbed my case, and proceeded to walk to the cafe. When I got there, my boss hugged me and got me over to the changing room, where all the other employees were sitting. "Okay," she said. "I have something to propose."

An employee tilted their head slightly. "What is it?"

My boss chuckled. "It's more of a challenge, if anything." I looked at her curiously. "Here it is, all of you, get dressed in what you will be in tomorrow." We all took out our cases and got dressed. I looked around to see what people were wearing. Some were maids, some were in playboy bunny outfits, and others, like me, were wearing student uniforms. She applauded happily, "Good!"

I heard some murmurs, and then I asked. "Why are we doing this?" I honestly wanted to find out.

She stopped clapping. "Oh, you see, all of you...are going to not use the restroom."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"You all are going to hold in your pee and not use the restroom until one person is left." She pointed at the locked stalls on the other side of the room. We all were startled.

A worker dressed in a maid's costume rose and asked. "Why!?" She seemed a little distraught, "why should we!?"

My boss clapped once, "Well, if you manage to be the last one, you get a higher pay, and you don't get the punishment."

I spoke up. "What punishment?"

"Whoever wets themselves has to wear those same clothes on the next work day." We all flinched at that remark; no one would want to go through that.

Many employees quickly changed clothes again and left, not wanting to risk losing. I, on the other hand, wanted to risk it, but so did others. "Well, I can do this!" I said confidently.

We all got chairs lined up in a semi-circle, with our boss on the other side. "Okay...start!" Her thumb clicked on a timer that I haven't even noticed. We all sat there, tense due to what might happen. Just a few minutes later, a girl with uncombed, brown hair started fidgeting. I blinked to notice that her and a few others were wearing elementary school swimming uniforms.

The girl next to her had hair that was up in a bun chuckled. "Oh, is someone going to be the first?" She put her hand on the girls tummy and pressed slightly. An extremely sharp gasp escaped her as she jolted upwards a little.

"That isn't fair!" The girl exclaimed, "your making it worse for me!" She looked at our boss, who just shrugged. We could tell that it was fine if someone did that.

She started talking, albeit the shrug. "If you do something like that though..." She walked away and comes back with a cup of water. She handed it to the girl who's hair was in a bun. "You have to drink!" The girl shook as she realized her mistake. She knew that she couldn't back out now, so she drank it and put the cup on a desk. "So...who is going down first?"

I looked at the girl who had her bladder pressed. She had a petite, nearly childlike frame, with an equally small bladder. I knew she wasn't going to hold out. "I have to ask something." My boss looked in my direction. "Why do we have to have drinks if we do that?"

"Well, it's fair, you make it harder to have someone hold it, you take a drink so it's worse for you."

"Why not make it so that, for example I pushed on your bladder, why can't you just push on mine?" I asked.

Everyone nodded at what I said, and my boss did as well. "That is a better idea!" She nodded at the girl with the uncombed hair. Her face gleamed with joy. The girl with her hair in a bun looked at her.

She rested her hand gently on the girls bladder, and felt around, feeling how much she had filled up. With a confident look, she pressed on the girls stomach. We all could tell that the girl had a decently filled up bladder, but ignored it, trying to seem stable. The girl instantly dove her hands between her legs, applying pressure. "Looks like your going to wet yourself, actually!"

She feverishly looked up, her hands slowly reached away and she tried to maintain a casual position. "No, I'm not." We could tell that she was desperate. Her hands kept going for her skirt, but she had to keep them back. Her legs were also shaking slightly. I chuckled slightly, but I stopped as a quick twinge was in my bladder. Everyone noticed. "Oh, looks like it might be you!"

After many taunts, everyone was fidgeting, wanting to use the locked restroom. We kept talking, until we heard a dripping noise. We all looked at where it was coming from, and the girl who had the small bladder was shaking violently as a few drops of pee came out from her panties. I stood up, not desperate enough to stumble. I went over to her hand put my hands on her shoulders. I noticed that I was starting to get aroused, but I had to ignore it. "It's okay, sweetie...try to hold on." I said, "you can do it!"

I saw a tear come down from her face and land on her hand. The small drops slowly became faster until a stream started coming out. The girl next to her taunted. "So I was right!" I honestly wished that she wouldn't taunt someone after they lost. "You were going to lose first!" The girl stood up, and with a soaked skirt and panties, hugged me. I put my hand on her head and wrapped my arm around her. I had problems though. First, I was getting aroused, so I was having even more trouble holding it, and the hug was pressing on my tummy.

She let go, changed, and ran off. I started shaking as I sat down in my seat. A girl with red hair an wore a playboy bunny outfit stood up and made a dash to the restroom, trying to open the locked latch desperately. She started leaking, which escalated to a full river that went down her legs. She stomped a few times in frustration, slashing more on herself and stormed off. She always had a quick temper. I noticed that only five of us were left...and we were all really desperate.

A girl with short hair barely got up and stood behind another. She reached under the girls arms and quickly started moving her hands and fingers. The girl who was sitting down started bursting into laughter and took her hands out of her legs and tried to squirm away, only to realize that another girl was at her other side, tickling her stomach. She kept flailing around, laughing. She started wetting herself, and the others stopped. She just blushed fiercely and changed. She never really talked, but she was so ticklish, others messed with her at work.

We all had our hands buried in our legs, shaking as we looked at each other. We didn't know who would give in. The two girls who tickled the silent one kept whispering to each other, most likely planning on who they would target next. They both looked at me, and grinned deviously. They slowly inched towards me, barely being able to move. They got to me and lifted their arms away from their legs, and before they could touch me, they both started wetting themselves. "D-did we just-"

"Pee at the same time...and lose?" They were twins, so I thought that was a little funny. They walked off, not even bothering to change. The girl with a bun in her hair started to get towards me.

"I am not an idiot like them, I can beat you easily, I just need to keep only one free hand, not two." She slowly put her hand on my tummy. I looked at her fearfully, and she pressed on my bladder as hard as she could. I screamed, and could barely hide a moan. I felt it push down and some drops came out. She noticed that I didn't wet myself and was startled.

I looked at her. "Well, looks like you lose!" I put my hand on her bladder and pressed...hard. She shrieked as urine blasted out of her. It came out harder than it did anyone else. She was extremely angry, and also walked off without changing. I was the only one left. "I...I won!" My boss nodded and unlocked the restroom. I slowly got up...or tried to. I was stunned, I was so desperate that I couldn't get up!

My boss noticed my predicament. She helped me get up, and got my to the entryway of the restroom. I started to leak. My hands burrowed between my legs farther, but to no avail. Pee started coming out quicker and quicker and soaked my panties and legs. I moaned loudly. When it stopped, I quickly started masturbating and came right in front of my boss, forgetting she was right in front of me. My words slurred together from so much pleasure. "I-I'm sorry...I just..."

She cut me off. "Well, you were the last one to make it, so you can clean those and get the higher pay." She started walking away, but stopped. "Oh...I forgot to mention." I curiously looked at her. "You look beautiful when your desperate." My eyes widened in surprise as I uttered a thank you, changed and left.

It's going to be fun seeing them at work tomorrow!

