Ex girlfriends accidents

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-04-23 17:44

First Incident

Ok, this is a true story, but I'm changing key names and details, or just leaving them out altogether. Although I'm no longer dating this girl I need to respect her privacy.

This incident happened when I was in my first year of uni. I had just met the girl and we were in our honeymoon period (so to speak). It was a Friday evening, so I took her to a restaurant. Once we finished our meal we took the bus back to mine.

When we got off the bus I asked her what she wanted to do for the rest of the evening. I suggested that we watch a film on my laptop. She agreed and asked if I could get some beers for us as well. So we popped into the shop and I picked up a crate of 12 cans. Then we headed to my halls and went to my room.

Now my university residence was a flat with shared bathroom facilities, but my room had a sink in it. Hence, being a guy, if I needed to urinate I used the sink. She obviously couldn't do that as easily.

We discussed what film to watch, all the while sipping our beers. I noticed that she was getting through them a lot quicker than me, but I'm not really much of a drinker, so I didn't really care if she drank a few more than me. In the end we settled for Kill Bill because I hadn't seen it yet, and before we started the film I got up to pee in the sink. She found this hilarious. She was only 18 at the time and still lived with her mum, so I guess she wasn't used to the student lifestyle. My casual acceptance of wetting in the sink only made her laugh more and we had a good chuckle at the situation.

We started watching the film, sitting on my bed with our backs to the wall and facing my desk and laptop. I was directly behind her with my back against the wall, and I wrapped my arms around her in an affectionate hug. Through the course of the film we continued drinking our beers, with her still drinking slightly faster than me, and I got up a few times to pee in the sink. Once again she laughed about this, but at no point did she go to the toilet.

By the end of the film we had gotten through the beers. I was on my fourth and she was on number 8. I noticed that she was getting quite sleepy. By the time the film was finished she had fallen asleep in my arms so I lay her down and put the duvet over her. I went to the sink and brushed my teeth, got changed into my bed cloths (which was a t-shirt and boxers), and then joined her in bed. I snuggled up to her and fell asleep.

Late in the night (I don't know what time) I awoke to her nudging me.

"What's up" I asked.

"Where's the toilet" she replied.

Jokingly I pointed at the sink. She let out a little smile of amusement. I told her it was down the hall on the left. I asked her if she wanted me to show her, but she said no and that I didn't have to get up. So she left the room for a few moments and I started falling asleep again. When she came back I notice that she seemed to still need a wee, evidently having not found the toilet, but since I was secretly turned on by this I did nothing and pretended to be falling asleep. She got back in bed and we snuggled up again.

I fell asleep and assume she did the same.

A bit later (again, I don't know what time)I was awoken abruptly by her jumping out of bed, lifting her skirt, and pulling down her knickers. While this was happening I could hear a loud hissing noise, and she proceeded to squat slightly and pee all over my floor and partially over my bedside table. I looked on in disbelief, still lying in bed. She looked mortified, and when she finished peeing she seemed to get upset. She turned her face away from me and looked like she was starting to cry. I quickly got up to comfort her, and as I passed over her side of the bed I realised it was soaked. She had evidently started wetting the bed and woken in the middle.

I gave her an affectionate cuddle and said, "don't worry, we wont tell anybody". The back and side of her skirt was soaked, which was just as well because it gave me an excuse to keep my crotch away from her, thus hiding my arousal at the situation.

"This is my only set of cloths" she replied in a horrified tone. I hadn't thought of that. It all happened so quickly I hadn't thought of anything really. Then it dawned on me that My floor might start to stink of pee, so I got some washing machine powder and covered her puddle in it. I checked my draws and fortunately no pee seemed to have gotten in on my cloths.

Then I turned to her and realised she was crying her eyes out. Fortunately my arousal had gone away while I was cleaning the mess so I went up to her and gave her a hug and a shoulder to cry on. The front of her skirt wasn't wet. As she lay her face in my shoulder I whispered in her ear "don't worry, we'll just put your things in the wash tomorrow, and by the end of the day you'll be wearing clean cloths again". She was still very upset, so I kept cuddling her. As she started to calm down I whispered "told you you should've used the sink". She burst out laughing and seeing that the joke had gone down well so did I. We stopped hugging and I went to the draw to get a towel, which I put over her wet spot in the bed, while she took off her skirt and t-shirt which had both gotten wet in her accident. She left her knickers on, even though they were soaked, but I didn't want to take away the few shreds of dignity that she was regaining so I said nothing.

We get back in bed and she lay on the towel where she had been. She made sure to stay on it, probably because she didn't want to get the rest of the bed wet. I, however, was extremely aroused again, largely due to the thought of her wet knickers. I pulled her towards me so that we were spooning and started to nibble her neck. We started making out, and the feeling of her wet knickers against my groin and belly was incredible. Eventually she pulled off her knickers, threw them across the room to her pile of dirty cloths, and I'll leave the rest up to your imagination. If you liked this story let me know and i'll post some of the other few incidents she had. Nothing as good as this one, but all true.

*002*2011-04-23 23:39

{{ 

Great story, I look forward to reading others from you :)

}}

Thank you. As I say, none quite top this one, but she had a few, always owing to excessive alcohol consumption. I'll post the next one later. When I do should I put it in here, or make a new thread? I don't normally do forums.

*005*2011-04-24 20:45

Glad you guys like it. I'll post another story later tonight.

*008*2011-04-24 23:21

{{ 

Good story

Suprised to hear she is an "ex" though ;)

}}

Well, this was several years ago now, and to be frank about it, she dumped me. Relationships can start beautiful and end sour.

The next storys up in a new thread.

