Morning Pee out of reach!

Author: Zest

*000*2014-07-11 20:59

Okay, so as some of you may or may not know. I've only recently joined along with another user called "Ashi" ^^. We're an engaged couple <3 We live in the same flat and have an awesome time together in general. :)

Now, last week we had two of our friends living with us whilst they were between moving places, and this is where our little story begins. It was evening time and Me and Ashi were having an alcoholic drink together, we were celebrating a work promotion and played some video games with a big bottle of Pepsi and some Disoranno for taste :3 We gamed for about an Hour and a Half, before we had to call it a night as our eyes were struggling to stay open! We accepted defeat and scampered into our bedroom, closing the door and snuggling up tight for a nice night's sleep <3.

The next morning, I awoke and just laid in the state of "I'm awake but I don't want to accept this day just yet". I was just daydreaming with my eyes closed, the sound of birds chirping outside, and the thunderous splashes of a shower providing ample background noise as our friends were getting ready in the bathroom.

Ashi had been wriggling somewhat as she lay dormant in her sleep, which is quite usual for her. A few minutes passed, before I felt a large, jolting wriggle, which was closely followed by a quick leap for the Bedroom Door. It was quite unusual for Ashi to spring so quickly from her slumber to depart the bed I thought, she usually spend at least a few minutes cuddling up and making small talk before she leaves to start her day.

I rolled over, making sure to act as if it was a sleep driven movement, so I could inquire myself as to what Ashi was up to. She had just tried to enter the bathroom, noticing the handle was locked as she quickly hopped from one foot to another in front of the barricade the door was providing. At that moment it occurred to me what chain of events I was viewing. A long nights of drinking, followed by a quick rush to bed, with no toilet breaks in between, and shower noises providing an ever so alluring subconscious hint to her sleeping mind.

Ashi, thinking I was still asleep, made no attempts to hide her frustration, and I could completely understand. Her body had just spent 8 hours processing nearly a full bottle of Pepsi and Alcohol, her sleep would have been awoken by the comforting sound of water striking against the floor of the bath and poor Ashi, all she wants to do is release the torrent of liquid she'd been careless enough to ignore the previous night.

Ashi rushed back to the bedroom, noticing me watching her from against my pillow. "Are you okay?" I asked out of formality, secretly enjoying the poor events I was witnessing against me beloved.

"I've never needed to Pee so much, and they're locked in the bathroom", she said, a tone of anger in her voice against the unfortunate events of the situation.

"Just pee here?" I said in a calm manner, hoping to secretly fuel her terrible predicament.

I expected an abrupt disagreement with my option, however my suggestion seemed to have resonated quite well with her. In almost the same motion, I saw a small damp patch appear against her tight fitting, grey pajamas. She was still proceeding to hop from one foot to the other, as if her fight against the currently breaching damn of urine was actually getting her somewhere. She managed to grab a fortunately placed towel, placing it under her feet as the tiny wet patch manifested itself into a torrent of long overdue release.

She let out a long, solumn groan as she finally allowed her body to release it's excess against the fabric of her crotch. She remain hunched forward slightly, her legs trembling slightly, almost as if her body was punishing her for not prior allowing the release. An audible hissing sound apparent as the urine streamed quickly down her trembling leg, a few drops being knocked off their stream by the quick, abrasive swaying of her knees.

She released herself from the cowering position she had found herself in, her thighs clamped together, her knees harbouring a warm stream down to the base of the puddle she found herself in. She simply looked up at me with a blushed, relieved expression and gave a solumn smile. I knew Ashi too well, it was the smile of "Actually, I enjoyed that a little too much".

Possible a statement that could be said for us both.

*003*2014-07-14 23:56

{{ 

Brilliant. That's really the only thing I can say about this story. Just brilliant.

}}

{{ 

I really enjoyed this story, thanks.

}}

B'awww, Thank you ^^

