Amusement Park Adventure

Author: CrazyCoaster

*000*2013-07-30 17:44

Yesterday I went to an amusement park. I new I'd be able to have some fun since I could have unlimited soft drinks for $4. I was just going to try and pee standing up in a public bathroom since thats been my fantasy for a very long time. I waited until I felt like I had to go after a few drinks and went intothe bathroom. I made sure to get the end stall so it would be a bit more private and have 1 wall to the side of me. I actually did pretty good with my aim but still made a mess. I was trying not to get my pants wet so I was kinda on top of the toilet with the pant around the bottom. If that makes any sense. Haha. Anyway I decided it would be fun to hold and get desperate.

Normally I do that at home and just give up since Im so close to the bathroom or bored while drinking. I decided waiting on line for a ride would be more fun. Each time the ride would go I would make sure to drink. It was a 25 second fast ride which I could see all of it. This was a good way to balance out the amount I was drinking cause I would drink each time it took off. After I went on I had to go to the bathroom again but new if I went on line for ride again it would be bad. So I went and then got a pretzel and more poweraide. Throughout the day I had lemonade,sodas, and poweraide.

Then after most of it was done I went back on line. It was an hour wait and by 15 minutes I already felt like I had to pee. By the time it was my turn to ride I was really scared I was going to pee on the ride or when the seat belt got pushed down on me. No accidents happened. But I was really desperate. It was night time by this point so I could have wet my pants while walking in the park without people noticing. But I was wearing shorts wear it would be very noticeable that they were wet. I walked around for a bit since the feeling of a full bladder in public felt amazing. I wish I could always have that experience. Finally I decided it was time to go. I went into a bathroom and got really lucky that it was empty and found and end stall. I took my shorts and underwear off and tried peeing standing up again.

Another fail. Huge mess but whatever. I clean the toilet up but not floor. It wasn't to bad since floor is tile. and its already gross. I try to pee standing up at home in my shower and Im not to good at it but I tired in public anyway. Then I was going to be done for the day but I kept going on rides and wanting to do some other pee fun stuff. I went into the bathroom again and went into an end stall and peed to the side of the toilet. I felt so naughty going on the floor. I was walking back to my car and really wanted to go in the parking lot but it would be so noticeable. I had black shorts in my car so I chained into those and made a few pit stops on my 45 minutes drive home and walked around some parking lots like Walmart and McDonalds and went pee while walking. A lot harder then I thought but felt amazing. It wasn't noticeable at all since no one was close to me. I hope you enjoyed my story about my day at the amusement park. And yes I went alone.

