Work Deadlines are No Fun!

Author: amaron32

*000*2014-07-14 22:44

This is something that happened to me at my new job a few months ago.

I work at an office where deadlines are often known way in advance and more often are changed at the last minute, today was one of those days, and I almost had a major embarrassing moment. I spent most of the morning hard at work for a project deadline that was to be done at 5pm later that day. Since it is almost Christmas, other companies send us gift baskets and food and drinks with their Christmas cards. So naturally I had my fill of fancy drinks all morning...

By lunch time we had a guest speaker presentation who brought more food and drinks, so I ate up, not even thinking about using the bathroom. At 1 I got back to my desk at the office and started reading through emails and I could feel my bladder getting the first signs of being full. I thought about going to pee then, but I decided to wait a little longer, after all there was no rush on the deadlines yet...

Around 1:15 we all got an email from the owner, who told us we needed to the documents done by 4pm instead of 5. Everyone started panicking, and I did too, that was barely enough time. But I knew now I couldn't leave until it got done, but my bladder was also unhappy, I really noticed my need to pee now, but it would be another almost 3 hours before I could pee, and that became of the worst 3 hours I've had..

By 2pm I was already getting squirmy and desperate. But I still had lots of documents to finish. My bladder would have to wait.

By 3:30 it was nearly unbearable.. god I had to pee so bad, but I couldn't leave for a moment – this sheets needed to be finished in less than 20 minutes. My bladder was nearly at its limits, I couldn't sit still in my seat, with the constant waves of pressure trying to make me release right there.

Finally 4pm rolled around and we were somehow able to get the project submitted on time.. and by then I really had to go... I could barely stand up straight and my bladder was throbbing.. I made my way to the bathroom when a sharp wave of pressure made me pee for about a second, getting my boxers wet but not my pants thankfully. I knew I only had seconds left... I rushed to the bathroom (thankfully there was nobody in there at the time) and into a stall and got my pants down just as I release a torrent of pee. It felt amazing though.. to let the pressure out and my bladder empty. I must've peed for over a minute. After I finished I sighed a relief and looked at my boxers, lucky just a small wet spot.

So I learned another lesson..go pee before deadlines are due! :P

*002*2014-07-15 12:24

I'm bladder shy in public bathrooms. It's getting better, but back then I just couldn't pee at a urinal.

*005*2014-07-17 04:21

Sometimes I think I subconsciously think I hold it on purpose.. haha Not complaining!

*007*2014-07-18 23:48

Yep, sounds about right! Haha

