True Accidents

Author: theoasis1977

*000*2013-12-10 01:30

Working for the Conservation Corps, I found myself riding in the back of a fire crew transportation vehicle. I was practically a kid just turning 19 years old, and we were going to be on the road for approximately 7 hours. When you're packing heavy duty gear, a gas can, to chainsaws and a backpack that weighs almost as much as I do, you find that you sweat a lot.

As a result of the hot weather, we were drinking plenty of water. I like to drink lots of water anyway, and I find myself going hours before needing to relieve my bladder.

In this particular instance, I found myself in a desperate situation. the guy driving this vehicle was really an ass, and he refused to pull over for me. Cruising down the freeway and feeling every bump, the situation became more and more desperate. I began threatening the driver, calling him names, and threatening to sue the conservation Corps. My fellow colleagues were not so mature, and I really feared that having an accident in this vehicle would be something that I would never live down.

This was not a sexy, and it was not a pleasant. As a matter of fact, as much as I may like desperation, I really didn't like it this day. Being that I was voicing my frustration and threatening the driver as I said, all eyes were on me. The passenger up front of sorry for me, and told the driver that it was time to pull over for a break. As this statement was made, I could hear the passenger telling the driver to pull over through the small window in the front of the passenger compartment that separates the cab and the rear crew area. There was room for 12, but there were only 10 of us in the vehicle.

As the passenger told the driver to pull over, I could see out the windows a gas station go by, and then nothing but trees as we continue cruising along at about 50 mph. I was frustrated, but I needed to get out of the spotlight, so I sat down. This was a big mistake, because that's the position that you get in when it's time to go. I quickly realized my mistake, and caught myself as I stood back up. I was almost in time, but not quite in a small squirt escaped. I could feel the warmth of it, and when I stopped myself the urgency to relax was very strong, but I was stronger.

It was at this time that I realized that I wasn't going to make it to where ever it was that we were going. The really tough thing about this is we couldn't take changes of clothes with us, and we were in uniform year. We were on our way to the work site which meant that we would be there for up to 20 hours, and possibly that with out any change of clothes. Many times we would go and fight fires, and you can't let the fire just continue to burn while you go home to sleep to get up at a specific time and do battle with the fire again.

I don't remember what happened for the next five minutes or so, because I was clenching, and trying to sit very still. I wanted to beg for mercy, but I had been doing so for almost 3 hours at this point, and the jerk in the driver seat would not pull over, and somehow was able to make comments and turn the passenger oh way from his request to stop also, into laughter. I felt like everyone was laughing at me, but at this point very few people were paying attention. Being that there was only two seats empty, and they were right next to each other I'm a I found myself sitting across the aisle from somebody that was watching it very closely.

I turned and looked this individual in the I and requested, "please don't watch me, I am embarrassed." The request went unanswered of course, and probably made this individual a little bit more curious as to what was happening.

My consciously chose not to have an accident, while get my bladder consciously chose to continue to try to relieve itself. I couldn't get it out of my head that I really really needed to go.

The vehicle began to slow down, and I could hear the clicking that the turn signal made through another noxious speaker in the ceiling. Perhaps it was designed that way, and perhaps it wasn't, but I looked out the window and we were pulling into a small gas station. My heart was so happy, and the excitement was almost unbearable. I stood up so that I could be the first one to exit the double doors in the back of our rig. No such luck, the store was closed in the vehicle began to move. Standing upright I could barely take a step to get back into my seat, and for the first time during the situation I wasn't just uncomfortable that I was in enough pain to physically scare me. I was afraid that continuing to try to hold myself would hurt me. I couldn't stand, and I couldn't sit, and every little bump that we hit in the road threatened to rupture something inside of me and injure me. I felt the warmth of fear run through my stomach before I felt the warmth of my release between my legs.

I did not even realize that it was happening until it was well on its way. I gave to little feeble efforts to stop myself, the first one doing nothing, the second one merely slowing down the inevitable and causing excruciating pain. At this point, I gave up and could no longer care what anyone thought about me. It was time to go.

As the urine flowed out of my bladder, it felt that the relief would never come. Everybody was looking now, because of the hissing sound coming from me, and the warmth soaking the insides of both of my legs flood from my crotch. I just wanted it all out and over with, but it still hurt too much to give it a little squeeze. I just relaxed and let go. It came out so fast that it almost hurt, and then it began to tickle.

It seems like forever and I could hear people making comments about what was happening but all I could do is concentrate on my relief.

Needless to say, the driver of the vehicle was terminated because of how he treated his crew, and my complaint to the board started this.

As I look back on the situation, I am no longer embarrassed or frustrated, but rather now quite excited. You see, I can smile about this now and it arouses me, even though this situation was not planned or enjoyed at the time of its occurrence.

If anybody else can share a similar experience as this, please do. The Fellowship about it.

