Sleepover

Author: poshkid

*000*2014-10-17 06:41

I've always enjoyed wetting my bed or my pants. I discoved my friend did too at a sleepover when I was 8. We were sleeping in the same bed and just before bed he said he needed to talk.

He sounded serious and explained that he wet the bed and wore Goodnights. He was almost crying when he told me.

His response to me telling him how it was OK and how I shared with him that I liked to wet was interest and relief. I asked if I could borrow one of his Goodnights and he said yes. We became best friends after that. Sadly he moved out of the area after 2 years, but we did share wetting adventures..

*003*2014-10-20 20:41

As I said earlier I introduced my friend to the idea of wetting for fun at a sleepover. He wet the bed and wore protection.

Our first adventure started the following day when we went to my special tree house. I found it in a local wood abandoned. So I cleaned it up and this was my secret wetting place. I stored my wetting clothes there.

I took my friend there and offered him a pair of beige shorts and yellowed tighty whities. He was nervous about getting changed outside at first but soon was in his "wetting" pants. I dressed in pale blue shorts and green tights (another "shock" for my friend).

We had brought some sodas with us and drank them whilst reading comics. Pretty soon we both needed to pee. My friend was holding himself and obviously trying not to pee so I had to lead the way.

Soon I felt the familiar warmth in my crotch. We both watched intently as my wet spot grew. Soon I proudly sported a nice sized wet spot. I then looked at my friend and after some effort he too sported a nice wet spot. We continued to wee our pants whilst reading. My friend was hooked.

We soon became best buddies and shared a lot of activities including scouts, Irish dancing and ballet. More later...

*007*2014-11-06 11:30

Thanks for all your positive comments. As I said earlier me and my friend had many adventures.

As we were both boys with a lot of energy our mothers decided to enroll us in dance lessons to channel the energy they said.

Obviously at first we didn't want to, particularly ballet which was "for girls". Our mothers wouldn't change their minds so we were enrolled in ballet and as we were of Irish descent we also got put into Irish dance lessons.

I never forget when me and my friend had to try on our ballet outfits and Irish dance kilts. We both had to have help putting our tights on as we had never worn them before. So we both stood there in gray tights and white leotards. We both laughed at each other.

We then tried our kilts on over our ballet clothes. We did a couple of swirls for our mothers. We both enjoyed our dance clothes.

After our first ballet class we decided not to change but to go play at our secret place to play. As our ballet clothes would be washed anyhow we decided to have "accidents" in them.

I was first and started to pee pee. It was great watching my pee go down the inside of my legs. The leotard made the pee stay against my crotch. It was wonderful and even wet my butt cheeks. My friend was excited at my show and soon he gave me a thrilling show.

We stayed in our wet tights till they dried and decided that we had to get some more "wetting" tights for our playtime. We actually got tights in all colors and thickness. All from thrift stores or sisters castoffs.

More later...

*009*2014-11-08 13:57

As you will see later we experimented with different wetting clothes. Tights and leotards were among our favourites. Will post about our first kilt soon. If interested....

*012*2014-11-12 00:09

Our next adventure was when we started Irish dance. We got dressed at my home. First our gym knickers which were green like our kilts. We then put on white dress shirts, green kneesocks and finally wrapped our kilts around our waists. We both loved the kilts and loved the attention we got walking to the dance studio.

When we arrived there were two other boys in red kilts. We made friends with them and all enjoyed our first lessons. One of the other boys would join in our wetting adventures later on.

When we finished our dance lessons we went to my friends house. We went down to his playroom in our kilts and soon had the urge for a bit of wetting. My friend was first. He stood up parted his legs slightly and I was treated to the sight of pee dribbling through his knickers/panties. He was panting as he wet and then lifted his kilt to reveal a large wet spot on his panties.

It was my turn next. I decided to wet sitting down. I soon felt the heavenly warmth in my crotch as I started to wet my panties. Soon a puddle formed at the back of my kilt. I loved it and sat in my puddle for a while.

We then wrestled for a bit until my friends mom came down with sodas. She suggested we put our wet clothes in the wash and my friend was told to get dry clothes for us to wear.

I was astonished and embarrassed that his mom knew. She acted as it was normal. My friend bought down two diapers, two pairs of tights and two pairs of shortalls for us to wear. Needless to say I went home in a very wet diaper. More later....

