What i saw when i was at school

Author: Ciris

*000*2013-01-09 05:48

First I would like to say that this is my first time posting so I'm sorry if I don't give enough details.

Like always I was just sitting and class and suddenly I hear a girl shouting "I have to go pee really bad" I thought nothing of since I always hear this and they usually hold it in untill someone gets back with the bathroom pass (only one student can leave for the restroom at a time) or until the bell rings for next period but since she was next to me and I had nothing else to do I just sat there and watch her squirm around holding her self tight down there which was good enough to turn me on and I started hoping in my mind that she would pee. It would be great for me since she was sitting next to me. 5 minutes went by and I was sure that the bathroom pass would arrive soon crushing my dreams like it always had but not today.

She was shouting louder than before so I was ready to just see her let it go and to help even more some of the other students made her laugh and she just couldn't take it anymore. She burst like a geyser it seemed so much pee came out at one time just seeing her jeans get soaked so fast made me want to get my phone out and record it but I didn't want students to think I'm weired since I thought that omarashi was a unusual fetish and I didn't want anyone to know so I just had to imprint the whole thing in my head. When she was done the floor and chair were so full of pee that some of it hit my shoe and that just made my day maybe the whole week. Good thing is she really didn't get mad or anything and act like it didn't happen and laughed it out with her friends.

Thanks for reading my first post and please tell me if you liked it. And just to let you all know she was 17 and I was 18 :)

*002*2013-01-09 14:00

Not at all if anything the teacher felt sorry for her but at least she didn't really mind it.

*004*2013-01-10 00:44

Sadly no :( but what she did was still amazing. Who knew a girl could pee so much

