A girl at work almost lost it

Author: YukiTana

*000*2014-10-17 04:14

Just a short story about something that happened at work the other day.

Here's some background of my work: i am a lifeguard manager (like a shift manager) at an indoor pool. The female guards have to wear a one piece suit not the bikini guard suit. (Our boss put this in place because, as she said "there are some of the guards that shouldn't be wearing a 2 piece." kinda mean for her to say but it's her rule not mine)

One afternoon at work I had just checked the pool chemicals and was going to the break room for my dinner. Two of the guards down from chair were talking as I walked in. After making my food everything was perfectly normal. Then suddenly with no warning at all, one of my guards says that she has to pee. So I point to the door and said that the bathroom is across the hall. (Short description of her: Short, long brown hair, and thin build but not athletic)

She looked at me and said "I know but taking off the suit is a pain and I can't pull it to the side!"

So she is still appearing to be fine but the she stands up and things get interesting. She looked at the bathroom and was reluctant to go. As soon as she decided to go both of the family changing rooms were filled and she said she didn't want to use the bathroom in the locker room.

Now she has gone from just standing there to holding herself. (This was actually the first time I've seen someone hold themselves in reality) She was even jumping around a bit.

I asked "How did you just go from being fine to almost losing it in the matter of a second?"

She isn't too happy about the question and tells me that she has been holding it for a long time.

She goes back into the hall and starts to open a door to the bathroom and shut it quickly and ran back to the guard room. Turns out someone didn't lock the door when they went in. So now she was desperate and slightly embarrassed.

As the other bathroom finally opens up she is over joyed and says that some was already leaking out as she ran to the bathroom.

The end

So that's what happened. It was funny to see and myself and the other guard laughed after she ran out.Been working here for 6-7 years and this was the first time something like this happened around me.

*015*2014-10-22 05:26

{{ 

So how come she couldn't pull it to the side? Was she wearing one with swim shorts attached?

}}

{{ 

I love swimsuit/leotards for this reason, they aren't as easy to remove in a hurry, but I second Antifairy, What type of swimsuit is it?, because I don't understand why she couldn't pull it to the side, that's what i do when i have a swimsuit on.

}}

The suits are loose enough. She just said she doesn't like pulling them to the side. It's about laziness not inability.

