Figured I'd share my one and only experience...

Author: haloslipping

*000*2013-04-29 05:07

I come on this site quite a bit, but have never posted. I recently has a very relevant experience and I figured now was the time to introduce myself. =)

About a few weeks ago I was at a metal concert I was much anticipating. I met up with two friends whilst waiting in line, so I got pretty distracted with chatting/anticipation/etc and didn't really plan things like going to the bathroom at all. After waiting in line and talking it up about music for what seemed like forever, I started getting very thirsty. I borrowed a dollar from my friend (the bartender wouldn't accept cards) and grabbed a bottle of water from the bar that was set up in the venue's foyer. I tried to conserve the water, but I ended up chugging most of it pretty quickly. Shortly after, the doors opened and we made our way to the stage. We snagged a spot right up against the barrier, luckily for me...

The opening band I wasn't much paying attention to, as I hadn't actually listened to their material before. Towards the end of their set, I realized I had to pee pretty damn bad. I'd had bad experiences in the past in terms of giving up my spot, especially at metal shows. The crowd was, as per usual, packed like sardines. If I left now to use the bathroom, getting back to my spot would have been damned near impossible, let alone annoying. I started considering just going where I stood. The opening band finished up their last song and left, and the anxious wait for the main act began.

It was during this wait between the opening and main bands that I seriously started considering going in my pants. For a while, I thought about pulling it out and going in m water bottle, but I figured that would be much less explainable, if I was caught. I was wearing a pair of very ripped jeans that I had dyed black, so any kind of wetness would be basically invisible on them. I was also right up against the stage barrier, so there was no risk of anyone in front of me turning around and seeing what I was doing. I was basically in the perfect situation to do this, and the closer the band got to taking the stage, the less of a chance I had of making back from a bathroom trip in time.

After a lot of contemplating and waiting for the band (the setup always seems to take forever), I finally said screw it, and decided to go. I had done this kind of thing before in privacy (a story for another time), so as timid as I was, it came pretty easily. It happened in a short burst at first, but it didn't take long for it to really start flowing. It was so relieving. I stopped after I got a good flow out, after I decided I didn't want to let the wetness reach my shoes, as those are a lot harder to wash after something like this. I felt better, and decided to relax for a bit. 

Soon after, the band finally came on, taking my mind off of my predicament. Some time into their set, the need hit me again, and I decided I had waited long enough. I started peeing again, this time for much longer, but in shorter bursts. Just as quick as my pants would start to dry up, I would start going again, re-wetting the spot. At a few points, I felt it rushing down my leg quicker than anticipated, and had to stop myself, as I didn't want to get it on my shoes or on the floor. I kept this up for a while, until finally I felt relieved enough to stop and return my attention to the show.

After the show I made my way to the bathroom and finally peed in a way that was considered "normal". I was surprised to see quite a lot come out, even after my wetting session. I made the trip to my car later that night and, remembering I was actually driving my dad's car that night, put one of my shirts down on the seat to keep anything from soaking through.

That's basically the only time I ever ACTUALLY wet myself in adult life. Hope you guys enjoyed it. =)

