It Was An Accident

Author: Nimphette

*000*2016-02-19 15:37

Hihi, I'm really new to these kinds of things but I thought I would share my first time wetting, which amazingly was an accident.

Marie

**********

Normally I'm terrible with drinking water and hydrating myself, but the day was so hot that I drank lots of water and lemonade. Lemonade goes right through me and I try to stay away from it because of the sugar but I thought 'why not'.

To describe myself I would say I'm short and squishy. I'm around the height of 5'2 with really curly, short brown hair. My eyes are brown too, and I have baby face syndrome as my friends say.

On this day I was wearing some loose pajama bottoms and my bathing suit top, because I was sunbathing outside. I thought I should take advantage of the day since I'm pale compared to others in this state who are tanned.

I spent two hours outside and didn't realize how quick the water and lemonade went through me. Whilst my need to pee increased I didn't panic but just kept drinking bottles of water thinking I'd be fine.

Another hour went by and my belly was getting bloated and I new I was in trouble. I had never had to use the toilet so bad. I didn't want to panic but I could only focus on my need to piss. It slightly turned me on but I felt regressed a little. Even when I was young I never had a complete accident. I haven't wet the bed either.

I slid my hand over my pants and pressed it over my crotch trying not to pee. I felt kind of awkward because my dog was watching me for afar haha. My backyard is huge so it took me a good few minutes to reach the sliding door to get inside.

Then the craziest thing happened. I leaked, and let out a small moan. My dog must have heard it and thought I was calling him because he came running at me, but I didn't know it until he let out a HUGE bark behind me and slammed into my legs.

I let out a small cry and lost control. I couldn't help it, I was so startled that I didn't even recognize that my pants were warm and wet clinging to my legs. It pooled into my underwear and flooded my pants and panties. It must have been a shock to me because I was crying about it, but I enjoyed it a lot. My dog didn't even look at me unapologetically haha. Meanie.

Afterwards I took a shower and popped my clothes in the washer. Later that day I had a little fun thinking about the experience though (;

Here's a picture of my panties, sorry for the bad lighting and angle haha.

*008*2016-02-21 05:05

{{ 

Excellent story and photo. Very cute panties! Love grey wet knickers! It sounds like you had a great time. I like to regress when I have some wetting fun as well.

Love to hear some more stories!

}}

Thanks so much! I was super nervous writing this but I'm getting really supportive results. So I'm super happy! I'll be doing more things like this but I live with my big sis so I have to be careful.

{{ 

Similarly, in the midst of a accident due to holding, my cat comes in and watches. Awkward...

And great recounting and picture! Extremely cute. I look forward to more of your adventures. ^_^

}}

Thankies! My cats are indoor cats but my one cat, Mavis saw me crying and cuddled me after the shower haha. It seemed silly to cry if I knew I'd be getting positivity from the experience! I'm blushing just reading the amazing comments :D

*012*2016-02-22 00:26

{{ 

Fantastic! Thank you for sharing hun, I really enjoyed this!

}}

You're very welcome! I'm glad you enjoyed <3

*014*2016-02-22 18:49

{{ 

I'm thinking of your dog and remembering the look of confusion on my dogs face when I had an accident and she could hear the pee splatter on thefloor. She had the whole cute head tilt thing happening haha

}}

Aw! I love animals!

Except my dog was sassy that day. I later realized it was because I forgot to give him clean water. He is spoiled so it's fresh water everyday or no water haha

*016*2016-02-22 19:04

{{ 

I would have problems if I peed onto the floor because my cat loves playing in water. If she hears it she comes running...to the point she literally has clean water or no water (because she splashes about in her bowl, and then rolls around in it on the floor...so there's none left to drink...she's not being stubborn she just uses it all and then gets thirsty!)

}}

My cat is just so curious about everything I feel like this is something she would do!! Haha, she's only 10 months old and is so playful

*018*2016-02-23 01:21

{{ 

My water loving cat is only 8 months old! Our youngest is only 6 months old. (That's both our girls) and my eldest cat is 4 years...he's my little boy <3

The other two don't have quirks quite like her though. The youngest just climbs everything, and the eldest is a typical 'teenage' boy right now and just sleeps and eats and sleeps some more.

}}

Oh I know how that is. I have another cat named Geronimo and he is about three years old.He acts all tough but is actaualy a cuddler.

He is really mean to everyone but me. He has never done anything to hurt me but all of my family and friends has been bitten/scratched

I call him Sir Momo when we're alone haha

