Desperation on a coach.

Author: ReElectTheDead

*000*2015-06-06 23:52

This was an event that happened about 18 months ago. Some of the upper-year students in our school (16-17) had gone on a trip to a foreign country (I won't say which in case it becomes obvious who I am somewhere down the line). Since there weren't flights direct to my home town from where we were, the return leg involved a 3-hour plane journey then a 100-mile trip by coach.

I found myself near the back of that coach on a late November night, and there were a few empty seats around that area. Having become very annoyed by my original neighbour's antics (he offered me to listen to preaches out of the blue) I decided to move across the aisle, to an empty seat next to me. The window seat next to that was occupied by a girl whom, for this website's purposes, I will refer to as Evelyn.

Now, Evelyn was wearing rather tight blue jeans, as well as the blue hooded tops that everyone had to wear to show we were part of the same group. She was certainly very pretty, with bright red chest length hair, not skinny but she had a pretty nice figure. And, as I noticed as the minutes and hours ticked by, she was rather uncomfortable.

I had reached the stage while I wasn't fully exploring my "thing" for female desperation, but part of me was aware of it. And Evelyn's predicament was getting me interested.

Evelyn, meanwhile, was trying to take her mind off it by any other way (texting, trying to make conversation with her very tired friends in the row, etc) before I was able to ask her if something was wrong. She answered:

"Yes, I've needed the bathroom for like 10 hours, I haven't gone since we left the hostel!"

She had had my curiosity; now she had my full attention.

As the coach trundled onward, she started moving about a lot more, to the point that eventually she was jumping up and down in her seat. She was stopping short of holding herself, but I'm sure she would have resorted to that eventually. I meanwhile, was metaphorically through the roof, and almost begging her to lose control.

Sadly, one of her friends noticed and reminded her that she could go in a cubicle in the coach. Drat. Defeated, I let her pass to relief, and waited for her to come back.

A few minutes before the end of the trip, I asked her: "was it really that bad?", to which she replied "I was jumping up and down, if I'd been made to wait the whole coach ride and then a car ride home I wouldn't have made it".

Would that she had. Oh well, not much pee related goes on in my life anyway. It's the little things I suppose.

(Evelyn and I have since badly fallen out for unrelated reasons, and as I graduate from my high school, she remains the only one out of my year who refuses to have anything to do with me.)

