I met a neighbour and wetted my pink panties at the post box!

Author: vikka

*000*2014-05-09 15:54

Just a little story about an embarrassing incident this morning.

Last night a married neighbour couple came over to my house to return a lawn mower, which they'd borrowed from me. To thank me. they'd most generously brought a three litres wine-in-box. I invited them to have a taste of the wine. They are very nice people, and we had a pleasant time. Before they left, we'd drunk the greater part of the box.

It was pretty late, but I thought a last glass before I went to bed would be nice. To my shame I've to admit, that it didn't stop with one glass. I was tipsy and felt at ease and thought it would be a shame to save the remaining wine, now when I felt so good. Eventually the box was empty, and a pretty sloshed girl reeled to her bedroom.

I woke up early this morning. When I stood up beside my bed, I had a slight problem with my balance. I realized, that I wasn't yet quite sober. I draw the curtains and noticed, that it drizzled. I sighed. Not a nice weather to go and fetch the newspaper...

As you maybe know from my stories, I live in a little country cottage of my own. To save the postman the trouble to halt at every house on his route, several postboxes use to be placed at a common place. In my case it means that I have to walk about houndred meters to get to my postbox.

I was shivering from cold. My cottage was built in the year of 1763, and it could be pretty cold in the mornings, before I've made fires in the wood stoves. I put on a long oilskin coat over my pink sleeping panties and a green t-shirt, a sou'wester on my head, and a pair of rubber boots on my bare feet.

At the postboxes I met a neighbour, Maria, a nice woman, who is the Secretary in the equestrian club I'm a member of. She was very eager to talk about the show jumping events, that our club was to arrange this weekend, and in which I was to participate in several classes. I hadn't yet peed and felt I really needed to. But Maria had a lot to talk about, so I pressed my thighs together and listened to her.

Then I felt something warm and wet running down my left thigh. Oh, gosh! I'd started to wet myself! In front of the Secretary... I tried to hold back, to stop the flow. For a few seconds I succeeded, but it was probably only my bladder taking a short pause to get the power to push harder. Because the flow began again, this time stronger. I was getting afraid, that Maria would notice my accident any moment now. It was so embarrassing! But then I realized that my long coat and the fact, that the pee ran along my left leg, could hide it from being visible to her. I shifted my weight more to my left foot to keep the pee running down my left leg. And it did! And furthermore, it never hit the ground. It ran in to my left boot, which was steadily filled with pee! Now I only hoped. that the boot would hold all my pee...

Maria went on talking, but I couldn't concentrate on what she was saying. I was busy keeping my fingers crossed for her not to notice my embarrassing predicament. I was peeing like forever! And in the meantime I got more and more aroused! I begged, that I wouldn't have an orgasm in front of the Club Secretary! I was so near now... I tried to stop the flow but to no use. Instead my effort to pinch together made me more aroused. So I have to relax and let it continue to run.

"So, Vikka, darling, you'll really be a lot of help if you could help with that! Thank you so much! Now I've to run! Busy, busy! Buy, buy! See you tomorrow!" And Maria turned around and quickly walked away. Leaving me with no clue whatsoever, what she'd been talking about!

But I was saved! With a deep sigh of relief I began to walk home. Pee still dripping through my panties. After two steps I halted. My left boot was completely full of pee! When I walked, it splashed over the boot brim and sounded "splosh, splosh". It both felt and sounded so funny, that I didn't bother to empty the boot until I reached my cottage. There I sat down on the veranda bench and pulled off the boot. Although a lot had splashed out on the way, there was a considerable amount of pee left. I unbuttoned my coat and poured the pee on my legs. It felt nice! I spilled the last ounce over the crouch of my panties. Which did it! That'll say, it triggered a huge orgasm, making me shriek of pure pleasure and bounce up and down on the bench!

Never say it isn't a delight to fetch one's morning paper.

*022*2014-08-16 23:28

Shame on me who haven't responded to your comments before! I've been occupied by competing my horse all over the country, and lately I've also had a guest to take care of. But that's not a valid excuse for not telling you how much I appreciate all your wonderful praise! You're making me so happy!!! Honestly, without your response it wouldn't be at all funny to write and contribute stories. Kisses!!

