Girlfriend pissed herself asleep FRIGGING NEXT TO ME

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-11-04 19:41

Okay so this was this afternoon, around 3. (I'm fucking stoked about this) and I had my girlfriend around for awhile (she had to go do something after, I have no idea what but I don't care). So she's been kind of out of it lately and looked shattered when she got to my home. She had a ponytail(Tyler has a thing for ponytails) and a leather jacket, which used to be mine (I tottally want it back). We got into my room and we were talking for awhile. She sits on my lap and I notice she looks tired as hell, we go over to the bed and we fall asleep hugging...well, she falls asleep. I stay awake, awkwardly staring at the ceiling. I look over to her and see, Holy shit she looks so cute. So cute it actually burns. After while I suddenly felt my right leg slowly getting warm and wet. I looked down and saw that she was wetting herself. It was spreading across my jeans leg and down inside my leg. It was such a great feeling.

I shook her awake and I have never seen her so embarressed. It was so cute.

"Oh my god, I am so sorry. Shit...sorry-sorry!"

I laughed it off and said you should probably remove her clothes.

And we're stopping right there. You get nothing more.

*003*2013-11-05 08:29

{{ 

Good on you man. I hope you made her feel special, sweet, loved, adored, and like what happened was the most perfect and natural thing in the world, and held her tight and close, like you never wanna let her go, and I hope you don't, cause that experience is special.

}}

You seem to have gotten me mixed up with a nice person?

*005*2013-11-05 20:05

{{ 

I think he's just trying to appear like a nice guy because it strokes his inner-ego and adds to his confirmation that he'll get a girlfriend who'll do stuff like that as well.

Story was okay, 6/10.

}}

I'd love to complain about that, but that first part was pretty fuckin' cool. As for why the story is shitty compared to my usual, I wrote it on time restraints so...yeah.

