WWW's interview with Iris

Author: weewillywinkie

*000*2014-04-02 13:57

Wee Willie Winky’s telephone interview with Iris

WWW: Hi Itis. It's your friend Wee Willy Winky here.

Iris: Hello Willy, how are you?

WWW: I’m good Iris. Are you still up for the interview we spoke about the other day?

Iris: Sure.

WWW: Great. Firstly, for the tape, can you tell me how old are you, Iris?

Iris: Before we go any further, Willy, I’d just like you to confirm what you told me before, that you won’t publish any real names and that you’ll change my details to make this interview completely anonymous. I wouldn’t want my daughters’ friends, or anyone connected with my work or my husband’s work to find out for instance!

WWW: You have my absolute word on that Iris. All your personal details will be fully anonymised when I transcribe this interview, and before anyone else gets the chance to read about it.

Iris: Thank you Willy. I’m 44 years young.

WWW: And what do you do, Iris? For a job that is?

Iris: I’m a senior dental nurse at a local dental practice. I’ve been there for about fifteen years now.

WWW: Are you married, Iris? Do you have any children?

Iris: I am happily married to my husband Geoff and have been for the last 23 years, and we have two lovely daughters, Ruby and Amber, who are 22 and 20. We don’t have any grandchildren yet though.

WWW: OK thanks for that Iris. Now tell me how long have you been interested in omorashi?

Iris: Oh my goodness, many, many years. Probably since I was a little girl. But it’s only recently that I’ve heard of it being called omorashi. It used to be called ‘knicker wetting’ before – well, at least it was for women and girls anyway.

WWW: So your interest in omorashi goes back long before you met Geoff. Has he always been a fan too?

Iris: Geoff isn’t all that interested in the ‘holding on’ aspect of omorashi for himself. He did try it for me, but found it very hard to hold on right up until he reached ‘bursting point’. However, he does enjoy wetting games with me. His particular interests though are role-playing sex games, and these often include an element of holding on for me, and usually wetting for both of us.

WWW: That’s interesting. I’ll return to the games later. What does Geoff think about your interest in omorashi?

Iris: Geoff's happy if I’m happy. We both have slightly different interests, but that enhances our relationship rather than inhibits it. I have a lot of ‘solo’ fun when I’m on my own in the house, though I sometimes wet by myself when Geoff is there too. As I’ve said our role play very often involves me holding on until I have ‘a little accident’. You see my job is part-time, and Geoff’s often away from home for a week or more at a time with his work. Ruby lives with her boyfriend, and Amber is away at university. So I’m at home on my own a lot of the time.

WWW: Apart from the ‘accident’ you had at the pub last week, has anyone else except Geoff ever been involved in your wetting activities , Iris?

Iris: Emphatically no - at any rate not since Geoff and I first got together. And I’m being absolutely honest about that. I love Geoff very much and I would never do anything behind his back that might hurt him or damage our relationship. I must admit I have wet myself in public when I've had a wettin g accident - or if they have, they have never said anything to me about it..

WWW: So you practice omorashi in private when Geoff’s not there.

Iris: Sure, it’s just something that I like to do by myself to give myself pleasure. I don’t see anything wrong with that at all, and it doesn’t mean that I pay any less attention to Geoff’s needs. I believe my private games actually enhance our sex life. In any case, I wouldn’t be at all bothered if Geoff found different ways to pleasure himself when he’s away from home – in fact Iknow that he does!

WWW: I think that’s great Iris. Now, could I ask you to share with me some of the details of what you get up to when you’re at home all by yourself.

Iris: OK, I don’t see any problem with that, Willy. What would you like me to tell you?

WWW: Well, maybe you could tell me what you are doing right now. You could start by telling me what you’re wearing.

Iris: [Laughs] Somehow I thought you’d ask me that question.

WWW: Only if you’re happy to tell me, Iris.

Iris: I don’t mind telling you at all. Do you want me to go into detail?

WWW: As much detail you like. I’d love to hear, and I’m sure other people would love to read it all too.

Iris: O-kay. First let just explain my situation right now. Geoff and I have quite a big house, and years ago we had the loft converted into a bedroom with an en-suite bathroom. I use the loft bedroom as my sewing room.

WWW: Your sewing room? I presume there is a bed in there too?

Iris: ‘Yes’ to both questions. The loft bedroom is still a bedroom as well as being my sewing room. I used to make clothes for my daughters when they were younger, and I make a lot of my own clothes now. I like making outfits for Geoff and me to wear for our fun and games together. Geoff and I sometimes sleep in the bed up in the loft instead of in our bedroom when our games are going to involve wetting our pants or wetting the bed. Sometimes my own solo games involve bed-wetting too.

WWW: This is fascinating, Iris. Please tell me more.

Iris: I’ll tell you about our role playing first. Geoff has always been keen on the idea of both of us wearing uniforms or special clothing during sex. At work I have to wear uniform clothing of course, and when we first started going out together Geoff used to like me to wear my dental nurse’s clothing when we were feeling ... you know ... amorous. Geoff worked in a laboratory then, and he had to wear white trousers and a white coat at work. So as I'm sure you can imagine, we both liked wearing our work uniforms when we were messing about together, and they sometimes got very wet. So to make sure that neither of us got in trouble for taking our uniforms out of work, I made myself another dental nurse’s uniform to wear, and a white coat and trousers for Geoff to wear when we were alone together.

WWW: I fully understand, Iris.

Iris Well, after a time, Geoff suggested that we change roles, and of course that meant I had to make a dental nurse’s uniform for him and a lab technician’s white coat and trousers for myself. Since then, over the years I have made a whole range of different sets of clothes for Geoff and myself. Nurse and doctor, policeman and policewoman, firefighters, traffic wardens, soldiers and so on, as well as other outfits like ballet dancer, Arabian princess and sheikh, wedding outfits, babies, toddlers, schoolgirls and schoolboys clothes in adult sizes, several sets of tart’s clothes - you know the sort of thing - short skirts, fishnet tights, low cut tops, and even a flasher’s outfit! And before you ask the next question, I’ll tell you: I don’t always wear the female clothes and Geoff doesn’t always wear the men’s clothing either! We’re actually very adventurous!

WWW: My imagination is running wild, Iris! Please tell me more!

Iris: There are some favourite games that we play quite regularly, and we are always thinking of new ones to play together, so we never ever get bored. I like to make up my own role-play games and scenarios when I’m on my own too. My games always involve omorashi, unless I get disturbed unexpectedly and have to cut things short. Did I tell you I make a lot of our underwear as well.

WWW: You didn’t Iris. Why do you go to all that trouble?

Iris: Because we both like to wear the appropriate kinds of underwear for different games of course! Ordinary everyday panties and so on I can buy at our local market, where they sell the big sizes that will fit Geoff. I used to buy special things off the internet for both of us: nice silky lingerie and old-fashioned regulation school knickers for example, as well as adult-sized nappies, babvies and children's clothes like school uniforms, but they were rather expensive, especially the things in men’s sizes! So I decided to start making them myself. My Mum was a dressmaker and she taught me to sew when I was a girl, so I’ve always been good at making things. So as well as making most of my own clothes, I also make lots of knickers and panties and fun uniforms for both of us, as well as skirts and dresses and padded bra’s and so on just for Geoff.

WWW: I'm so jealous. Geoff is such a lucky man!

Iris: Yes he is! But he’s a lovely bloke and he deserves it. So, up there in my sewing room I have a lot of storage space in the cupboards under the eaves, where I keep all the clothes I’ve made, and all my spare material and so on. I have some big mirrors placed carefully so that I can see myself all round when I’m there on my own - and when I'm with Geoff, of course. That means when I’m all alone playing one of my little games – I can see what’s happening at back as well as at the front, at the same time. There is also a big mirror fixed on the ceiling above the bed. Very exciting! Having a toilet and bathroom on the same floor is really convenient too!

WWW: I’m sure it is Iris. Please tell me more. I’m fascinated!

Iris: Usually when I'm at home and need to pee, and I know I haven’t got time for a proper game, I just sit on the toilet in my clothes and do it, then carry on whatever I was doing. If I need to do a ‘number two’ at home, for example if I'm washing up or something, I'm quite happy to just do it in my pants, but I usually get changed and clean myself up quite soon afterwards because of the smell.

WWW: Sounds like great fun. Tell me, when you’ve made a new item of clothing, do you like to wear it straight away Iris?

Iris: Well, naturally whenever I’ve made myself something new, whatever it might be, but particularly if it’s an item for me like underwear, trousers , a dress or a skirt, as opposed to something like a top, I like to try it on as soon as it’s finished. I always like to wash and iron all my new clothes before I wear them properly, especially if they’re for going out in. Sometimes I spend a long time cutting out and sewing the material. By the time I’ve finished I'm often pretty desperate for a pee. So-o, as I’m going to wash the new clothes in any case, I tell myself it’d be a wasted opportunity not to ... you know ... test them out first. I might pee myself standing up or sitting on a chair, with a big plastic sheet on the floor whilst I’m admiring both my sewing handiwork and my ‘little accident’ in the mirrors, or else I might sit fully clothed on the toilet to pee myself.

WWW: I have a very clear picture of what you’re telling me, Iris.

Iris: Good. I’m glad we understand each other fully. Now let me just tell you something else that I think you’ll enjoy hearing about. Yesterday night I finished making a new outfit for myself. It’s a lovely trouser suit in cream coloured linen. By the time I’d finished sewing, I was starting to get desperate for a pee, and I was tempted to put it on straight away ... and you and I both know what would have happened if I had! But instead I decided to keep it clean and dry to wear especially for you today. So I got completely undressed and put on a big terry towelling nappy. Then I took out a nice cotton baby-doll nightie which has red buttons all the way up the front and a pattern of little pink and red hearts on the white background - and one of the nice pairs of matching panties I made to go with it.

I deliberately made this pair of panties slightly bigger than normal, so that a bulky nappy would fit comfortably inside them. By now I was quite tired and I got into bed with a glass of wine and a magazine to read. I soon finished my wine, and I think I was just dropping off to sleep with the magazine still in my hand when I woke with a start and realised that I was starting to dribble in my nappy. I decided then that I might as well let it all go before I went to sleep. So I turned off the light, snuggled down and filled my nappy, a bit at a time. I could tell that I had done a big pee, because some of it leaked out into my panties and nightie, and made a small wet patch on the sheet.

Then I fell into a lovely happy sleep. When I woke this morning, my nappy was still damp, but my panties and nightie and the sheet had all dried, but there were pee stains on them of course. I needed to pee again, and I was very tempted to just lie where I was in bed and re-wet my nappy, but just in time I remembered that I had decided I was going to hold on for as long as I could. So I got undressed and had a nice shower (just water), then went downstairs im ny dsressinbg gown to have my breakfast. Then I came back up here again and got my sewing machine out to make myself a pair of nice new silky directoire-style knickers to wear with my new trouser suit. The sewing didn’t take me long, and I had just got changed into my nice new clothes, when you rang me to do this interview Now I’m sitting here talking to you and anticipating what lovely fun I’m going to be having very soon because I know I simply can’t hold on much longer.

WWW: So you’ve been preparing for this interview since yesterday, haven’t you, Iris?

Iris: Of course I have, yes. As I said, I haven’t been to the toilet since I wet the bed last night. I had coffee and orange juice for breakfast and I’ve been drinking lots of water ever since then. My bladder is seriously full now and I’m finding it really difficult to sit still. I just keep jigging around all the time. It reminds me of when I was a little girl. Even then I always used to hold on as long as I could before I had to go to the toilet and when my mother saw me fidgeting around in my chair, she used to tell me to sit still. She’d say: “Iris, what on earth’s the matter with you? Have you got St Vitus’ dance or something?”

WWW: What on earth is St Vitus’ dance, Iris?

Iris It’s a medical condition, Willy. Its proper name is Sydenham’s chorea and it usually affects children. But it’s got absolutely nothing to do with deliberately holding your pee [laughs]. No, of course, I didn’t have St Vitus’ dance as a child, and I’m sure my mother knew perfectly well the reason for me being so restless. After all I didn’t always make it to the toilet in time and that resulted in wet panties, so she must have known, though she never said anything to me about it.

WWW: Are you really, really desperate to do a pee right now?

Iris: Of course I am, silly Willy. I’m really, really, really desperate. That’s why I have to keep getting up and walking around - to stop myself from letting go. I want to hold my pee in until I literally can’t hold on for a second longer. I find that gives me the greatest level of satisfaction.

WWW: Are you telling me that when you lose control and wet yourself you have an orgasm?

Iris: Gosh, you’re so quick on the uptake aren’t you, Willy?

WWW: How close do you think you are to losing it completely, Iris?

Iris: I don’t think I can hold on a minute longer. My legs are crossed and I have one hand pressed hard into my crotch to try to stop myself leaking.

WWW: Iris, please do tell me the very the moment that you start to lose it.

Iris: I’m very close now, Willy. [Gasps in breathless excitement]. Ooooh! I think I just did a little dribble in my panties. I’m getting up from my chair now so I can look in the mirrors and see the damage. OMG! the moment I took my hand away I peed some more! There’s a little damp patch at the front of my trousers and a massive big one at the back. I thought I’d only done a tiny dribble of pee, but it must have been much more than that. It has relieved the pressure momentarily though.

WWW: I’d love to be able to see that damp patchfor myself.

Iris: I’m sure you would, cheeky, but you’ll just have to use your imagination! Sorry Willy, but I did tell you, didn't I, that I never ever do pictures! But I’m happy to describe things for you as they progress. [Gasps] Oooh!

WWW: Another spurt?

Iris: Yes I was standing up and it came out unexpectedly. The wet patches are spreading down the insides of both my thighs now, and I can feel the lovely warmth right across my bum ... Oh dear! I’m starting to pee again ... I don’t think I can hold on any longer, Willy. I’m going to try to sit down again and hold myself very tightly now, before it all floods out.

[a pause]

Iris: Aaaaaah! I tried to sit down but it was too late. I’m losing it now ... no, I've totally lost control ... I’m flooding myself completely! My pee is just cascading down my legs, and there’s nothing I can do to stop it. Oh I love it, I love it! This is fantastic. I’m so wet. So happy. Oh wow .... Oooooooh!

WWW: Your commentary sounded amazing Iris - I only wish you’d held the phone a bit lower down so I could have heard what was happening ‘down there’ as well your voice. Please tell me what you are doing right now.

[a longer pause, with heavy breathing and some muffled sounds]

WWW: You still there Iris?

Iris: [breathless] Oh my God! That was amazing. I’m unzipping my trousers now and peeling them off down my legs. Now I’m getting into the bed in my lovely wet knickers. Oh I’m so excited I do wish Geoff was here to shag me. I need to come again so very much. Ooohhh! Now I’m sliding my hand up inside the leg of my knickers, it’s so lovely and wet, and I’m so warm and slippery inside ... aaahhh! ....

[the sound of something landing on the floor]

WWW: I think Iris has dropped the phone. Clearly I’m going to have to wait for a few minutes now while Iris attends to her own needs.

WWW: I’ve been so turned on since we started this conversation. I think I can just about hear Iris's bedsheets rustling and I can guess what she's doing now. Actually it’s driving me to distraction. I've been dying for a pee for ages, so I’m going to make the most of this opportunity while Iris is busy and give myself some sweet relief too!

..... some minutes later ......

Iris (quietly): Willy, are you still there? What have you been doing Willy? Have you done a pee in your pants as well? [Giggles]

WWW: [Gasps]. Yes I have Iris. I’ve soaked myself completely. Hearing what you were doing, I just couldn’t hold on any longer.

Iris: Did you come in your pants as well, or did you just pee yourself?

WWW: How did you guess, Iris? I did both. I relaxed and peed myself completely. I just couldn’t stop myself, and I didn’t want to. Then I undid my jeans and slid my hand down inside my soaking wet panties. It was so exciting touching myself at the same time as imagining what you were doing at the other end of the phone line that I came straight away. Wow, it was just so good!

Iris: Well, Willy, I’ll tell you exactly what I did. Soon after I had leaked the first little bit, I totally lost control and completely soaked myself, and I came without even touching myself. Then I kicked off my trousers and got into bed with my fingers working away inside my wet and sticky knickers until I came again. So, we both wet ourselves. You came once, but I came twice, so I guess I win. [laughs]. I think maybe we’d better make this the end of the interview so we can both get changed.

WWW: Thank you so much for talking to me and for everything else Iris. Perhaps we could chat again, and maybe pee our clothes together again over the phone sometime?

Iris: Thank you too Willy, it was a pleasure talking with you and playing my little game. I make no promises, but I think It's possible that I might just possibly call you again some time for some more telephone fun – but only if I like what you write about our ‘interview’ of course.

WWW: I’m sure you will like it Iris. It truly has been a great pleasure for me too. I look forward to your call, Iris, and who knows what games we might play together next time?

If I do hear from Iris again, I'll let you know what happens!

*002*2014-04-03 08:58

Thank you for your comment V_007.

I did try to report the interview with 'Iris' as factually as I possibly could, and maybe that's why it doesn't truly reflect how excited I felt (and how excited Iris sounded to me too). It's rather difficult to express all the 'ooohs' and 'aaahs' in words a way that brings across the full feeling behind them.

Believe me, the experience really was horny as hell for me anyway - it's not often that I come in my panties spontaneously like that. I do hope it was horny as hell for Iris too, she deserved it to be. I haven't heard from her yet, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed that I will. In a curious way I think it was far more exciting having this talk together over the phone than a face-to-face conversation might have been - as there was absolutely no possibility of any physical contact between the two of us, and for me that certainly added a certain frisson of excitement to the whole experience.

If (hopefully when) I do hear from Iris, I'll post again.

WWW.

