Memory from childhood

Author: tumbry

*000*2015-05-29 18:26

I just did something which reminded me of when I was younger.... X3

One time, it must have been summer, I was playing outside in the backyard, and I was just postponing and postponing going to the bathroom. At some point I must have decided I just could not hold it any longer, so I rushed inside to go use the toilet! I was so desperate I barely made it to the bathroom, I basically tore my pants and panties off in one go - I think I may have even leaked into my panties if I remember correctly - and I started peeing a torrent before even sitting down.

What did I forget to do? I forgot to check whether the lid was up.... and it wasn't.... LOL. I realized as soon as I sat down and my butt hit the cold lid! I panicked and tried to stop peeing but I had to go sooo bad... it was difficult! I don't remember whether I managed to stop, but anyway, there was pee all over the toilet and the floor, and my mom yelled at me to use the toilet earlier XD

Anyway, earlier today I also sat down on the lid, but I hadn't started peeing yet so not that interesting.

*006*2015-06-01 18:08

{{ 

I really should start to always put the lid down when I've done my business in a bathroom I share with girls. I earlier told about an incident where I was in the stable and a girl in my class had to pee so badly during riding class she jumped off the horse and ran into the bathroom, and told me afterwards she didn't check if the lid was down before sitting down to pee :) .

(Edit: the lid was up, so she peed into the bowl ;).)

}}

Omg. Sometimes I forget to check, and I end up sitting on the rim.... it really hurts! It cuts into my leg muscles XD especially since I was trying to not fall into the water with my butt. I once even actually hit the water with my butt. *shudder*

*009*2015-06-02 13:12

{{ 

Hi, guys and girls! Quite amusing stories you have to tell! (Ok, not only funny), anyway they made me laugh a bit, I am sorry...!!

For me, just one question remains, especially for you, tumbry: How do you girls actually approach the bowl when entering the toilet? Are you walking backwards?? Or don´t you switch on the light? I mean, as soon as I walk towards the bowl, I should see whether the lid is up or not...? Please, don´t get me wrong, no offense!! I am just really curious!

}}

Hahaa nope, we enter as you would expect (at least, I do), but sometimes I'm distracted with my thoughts... I look without seeing, if that makes sense... and in my original story, I was in quite a rush.

$

$

