Wetting Fun By The Pool in my Polka Dot Bikini

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-07-17 21:12

Alright, so I know I don't usually wet myself or get purposefully desperate but this morning I decided to be a little adventurous. For those that like descriptions, I'm 5'7, in my twenties, olive skinned, 120 lbs and my measurements are a 32 B cup, a 23 inch waist and 39 inch hips. I have shoulder length dark brown hair with a spattering of dark blonde and platinum highlights and big brown eyes with eyelash extensions. Today I was wearing a dark blue polka dot bikini with leopard ruffle trim; the bottom was low cut and the top was bandeau style without a strap. I also had on a large dark blue beach hat and a pair of Armani exchange sunglasses.

Today I was laying out by the pool listening to music on my iPhone with headphones for about an hour and a half and I had been drinking considerably. I could feel my bladder swelling and realized I forgot to use the restroom when I woke up. I actually do this quite a bit since my bathroom isn't close to my bedroom so there are times I just walk past it without blinking an eye. I had been awake for three hours and had some soda as well as plenty of water. I started considering going inside because it felt like there was a rock in my stomach but I was extremely comfortable in my spot. I also wasn't alone at the pool; there was my neighbor Courtney that is a brunette with a great body who is a surf instructor and two older women I didn't recognize and a man I occasionally see getting the mail. There are only two beach lounger chairs and I knew if I stood up to go inside I would lose my spot.

I laid there for the next twenty minutes and felt the liquid swell my bladder larger and larger until I wasn't comfortable unless I had my legs crossed tightly and was shifting nearly every fifteen seconds. At this point I considered getting into the pool to let go my full bladder into the water but there were two problems: I didn't want to risk getting my iPhone wet my setting in near the pool and I was afraid everyone would know I was peeing in the pool since I only planned to sit on the steps. While I had drank some water, my morning pee is usually quite yellow so in the clear water you can notice a pee stream. I suppose I could have taken my headphones off and swam through the pool to pee but I didn't think of this solution at the time.

I continued to watch my bladder fill and got to a point of such high discomfort I decided to go inside to pee. I'm not that into holding so once the pain sets in I usually start searching for a bathroom immediately. I stood up and the weight of my urine settled down heavily into my stomach and I felt like I was going to wet myself immediately. I sat back down on the chair and crossed my legs, realizing I probably had to pee where I was. I decided to plan my wetting so no one would notice the sound of the splashing. The only person laying out in the sun was Courtney and she had headphones on as well. The men and women were in the pool so I didn't think they'd notice any splashing onto the cement but I was worried I would be caught being so naughty.

I sat up so my feet were on the ground over the side of the chair and scooted my butt to the side of it. I positioned my body so I was at the edge of the chair and let go of my bladder. At first a small trickle came out, my body fighting to not pee in front of other people anywhere but a toilet. I looked around, my heart racing, and let myself pee again, this time a steady stream of a few seconds. There was a dark spot on the cement beneath me but then I pulled back and realized the man was watching me. I also didn't know how I would explain the puddle so I climbed back into the lounger and tried to regain control.

My bladder was pulsating from getting a tiny bit of relief and having to suddenly cut it off. I pushed on the chair with my hand and noticed it was a thick mesh like fabric and since it was by the pool it was likely made to get a little wet... With that in mind I sat up again, now vertically facing the pool and positioned myself so my crotch was directly on the bottom of the chair. This time I didn't have a hard time letting go at all and the warm, wonderful feeling of pee filling up my bikini bottoms washed through me as my pee sank into the chair. I continued letting go until I noticed the pee was no longer being absorbed but was now pooling into a large puddle of pee and was about to spill over the sides of the chair. I was about 3/4 empty now so I cut the stream the best I could and laid back down on top of my puddle.

I continued to listen to music for another thirty minutes or so and now my need to find a toilet had risen considerably. I figure there was less pee in my bladder this time since I didn't notice a reasonable bulge when glancing down at my stomach but the urgency was more intense. By now the pee on the cement was dry and the chair was somewhat dry but little damp in some places where I had directly let go. This time only one woman was in the water, one was laying out, and everyone else had gone inside. 

I walked up to the pool and the second I set my toes on the first step and the cold water met my feet a flush of urgency rush through me. I let go a small stream of urine that was slow enough it slid down the insides of my thighs and into the water. I continued to wade in and I sat down on the second step and as soon as my butt hit the step my bladder let go, spilling urine out into the water of the pool. My pee was more clear than I thought it would be but I could still see the yellow bloom of pee as it escaped from my pee hole into the water.

By then I was done being in the sun so I went back inside with a sparkly tan and a naughty smile on my face.

