Wetting at a cosplay convention

Author: Lycan

*000*2015-07-27 04:22

This is probably THE event that got me hooked on omorashi and I haven't ever been able to get it off my mind ever since.

Many years ago (probably around 15 or more) I was attending a cosplay/anime convention. There were many girls dressed up in cosplay. One of them was this confidant looking Filipino girl dressed in a Chun-Li costume. The costume was really amazingly made, tight fitting in shiny spandex. It was Chun-Li's classic costume with the leotard and tights under the qipao dress. Very accurate to the character.

Anyways, I had a few pics taken with her (although the pics were lost due to a flood years ago ) and left the convention center for lunch. Later in the day I came back for a final round of shopping when I noticed a lineup of girls by the restroom. The Filipino Chun-Li was there in the middle of the line, she had her hands between her legs and was hopping on the spot in obvious desperation and I saw her wet her leotard and tights completely. Afterwards she no longer had her previous look of confidence but was crying and humiliated. I really didn't get that good of a view because I was quite far away and her friends, who were also in line, had surrounded her immediately once they noticed. One of them took off a spare shirt and let the Filipino girl tie it around her waist to hide the stains. They all quickly walked out.

After they left I remember hearing some of the other girls in the restroom line laughing and making fun of her. I recall two of the girls there having a conversation about why they'd never cosplay wearing a leotard because of accidents like that and how girls in those costumes end up holding up the line for everyone else.

Well, that's my story. Ever since that day I realized that I had a fetish for omorashi as well as girls dressed up in a Chun-Li costume.

*007*2015-07-30 12:54

{{ 

Yeah, I feel really bad for her. You know that must have ruined the rest of her time at the convention.

}}

Actually I did see her at the convention the next day dressed as Cammy while her two friends were cosplaying as Sakura and Chun-Li. She seemed like's she had gotten over her little accident.

*010*2015-08-01 16:52

{{ 

Am I the only one who finds it a hilarious coincidence that a wetter's photos were lost in a flood?

Anyway, interesting story to say the least, I have never even been to a cosplay convention myself (starts taking notes).

}}

Yeah I had that thought as well.

The flood was due to a water leak in an upper floor/unit of the apartment I was renting. Both my roommate and I came back from vacation to discover a bunch of our stuff had been destroyed and that the ceiling was dripping water everywhere. It really sucked because we had to move out for over a month while the place got repaired, luckily we had insurance.

I highly recommend you check out a cosplay convention if you can. There are usually hordes of beautiful girls in elaborate costumes, most of which take a lot of time and effort to pee in. I almost always see a big line at the restrooms as well as the occasional desperate girl.

