A quick pit stop

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-07-13 13:52

Watching a desperation video reminded me of something I witnessed back in March on the way home.

I went up to see some friends 100 miles or so north from where I live. I left there needing to pee some. Of course I was leaving at rush hour AND when everyone was going home for spring break!!! It wasn't too bad for me but just sitting in traffic sucked!! Once I got out of the country and more into the suburbs I thought 'ok lets get to a bathroom....'

Traffic was so insane I just couldn't seem to get over to an exit and there really weren't any places to stop so I kept driving til I got into the city.

There I found a Walgreens. Oh sweet relief!! I parked the car and slowly got up to stretch a bit and to let my bladder ease into the standing position haha. As I did this another woman parked near me and I saw her get out right away and started walking quickly as I went in as well. I went up to the register to ask where the bathrooms were and he pointed me in the direction. I heard him call over the speaker "code 8" for someone to unlock the bathroom for me. I walked straight back there but the woman made a mad dash for the bathroom. Its almost like if I didn't ask for the bathroom to be unlocked she might not have made it!! I got into the bathroom and there were two stalls. 

She got the small one and the large second stall was locked even though nobody was in there. I heard her quickly unzip her tight jeans as she seemed to be struggling a little while doing a pee pee dance in her high heals. Finally she pulled those jeans down and right away I heard her bursting of pee. Wow! It was at least a good minute of a continuous strong stream and then some trickling the continued on forever!! I was so jealous that she got to enjoy this long piss. I knew I didn't have to pee that badly. Complete disappointment in myself honestly. I was tempted to just leave the bathroom and go buy 2 gatorades to down for the rest of the ride home haha. But once she was out I took my average length of a piss.

*002*2014-07-13 13:56

{{ 

Nice story, it would have interesting to see what would have happened if she had to wait and ask for the bathroom to be opened :p

}}

I know right?!?! I really wish I could have seen her wet herself hahah. But oh well I got to hear it all happen.

*004*2014-07-14 12:34

Oh gosh thats intense! I have never witnessed someone actually wet themselves. But I have walked past a girl on the side of the highway where everyone parks to see some pretty view of the marshes and she was in her bikini wetting behind a bush. My guy friend was like "oh gosh...." and not very happy yet I was digging it and so wishing that was me! LOL

*007*2014-07-15 22:19

Actually she pulled her bikini bottoms down bent forward like she was trying to touch her toes & let out a pretty strong stream I recall :D

*009*2014-07-16 03:26

{{ 

I saw some people on the side of the highway recently, I could only see legs while driving but I could tell they were having a roadside pee because both the doors were open to hide behind. They must have really had to go, there were plenty of exits at which to stop.

}}

Ohh thats intriguing!! Should of pulled over to ask if they were having car trouble!! Hahah :D

