Big Accident on the Way Home

Author: Golferguy

*000*2015-11-30 12:19

This happened to me just a couple hours ago on the way home from a Thanksgiving weekend with my family...In the interest on anonymity, any location references are super vague, so sorry about that..also, I'm a 22 year old male...anyway...

I had flown to see some family in the midwest this past weekend for Thanksgiving...fast forward through the weekend to late Sunday night which was when my flight back home was, and that's when I had a pretty large unplanned accident, which is for some, the best kind.

I went to pee about 20 minutes before boarding the flight, thinking that would surely hold me over the 4 or so hours combined of boarding, the flight itself and then the drive home which is about 50 minutes.

About an hour into the flight though, I started to feel the urge to go but it wasn't anything serious. As it was a late night flight, I was dosing off here and there, but making sure to stay hydrated too as I do live in a pretty dry part of the country. After sleeping the better part of the last 30 minutes of the trip, I woke up right as we were landing, and my urge to pee - probably a 6 out of 10- caught me a little off guard.

It was fine though, I just figured I would pee out in the terminal before getting on the shuttle to the parking lot where my car was.

To keep this a little shorter, I'll just say that I never did get the chance to hit the bathroom thanks to the shuttle that was just arriving as I was approaching the terminal exit...I didn't really want to wait another 30 minutes for the next bus, so I ran outside and hopped on. Good timing in a way, but also a little unfortunate because my need to pee was increasing exponentially, and it wasn't helped by the sub-30 temps and snow.

After about a 15 minute ride, we got to the parking lot, only it was then that I realized that I didn't really remember where I had parked my car a few days earlier, and that was going to become an issue if I couldn't find it fast.

Thanks to the snow coverage which made every car look the same, it became clear to me that finding my car wasn't just going to be difficult, it was going to be near impossible...this was not some small lot.

10 minutes passed....then 20...then 30..by now, I was downright desperate. I was essentially running through the parking lot trying to not just forget about my desperate need to pee, but also to stay warm, and peeing in the fully lit parking lot with airport security driving around wasn;t exactly an option.

FINALLY, after about 40 minutes, I found my car and not a second too soon.

I brushed off the snow as fast as I could, jumped in my car, and started driving. Unfortunately, not helping matters was that the roads were pretty snow covered. Not too awful, but bad enough to extend a 50 minute drive to about 65 minutes, and since it was after 1am by this point, I knew that very few places if any would be open to go to the bathroom. Even though my legs were fidgeting and my hands were starting to shake, I was determined to make it home to my bathroom.

About 30 minutes in (I'm not sure how I actually even made it that long), I realized there was no way I was going to make it home. Either I needed to try and find a place to stop, I told myself, or I was going to have a pretty large accident.

I decided to pull off the highway to try and find a bathroom, and the only place I found was a gas station. Perfect! Only problem was that it was one of those places where the inside mart only stayed open until 11pm, and anything after was through the window...I could've gotten gas, but the bathroom was off limits. I pleaded with the woman, but she didn't budge.

Now I was starting to panic. I really had to pee...badly.

I ran back to my car and started heading back to the highway when all of the sudden I felt a jet of pee spurt into my underwear...for reference, I was wearing a grey hoodie sweatshirt, blueish/grey very casual dress pants, and grey briefs.

Shocked by what happening, I threw my hand into my crotch and focused to stop the flow after just a couple seconds...I was lucky to say the least to stop it that quickly, and while it only left a quarter sized mark on my pants, I was still extremely desperate.

As I kept driving, I started contemplating what to do, and while I had regained control, it was only for the moment. I thought about getting off the highway again, but there was no guarantee that I'd find an open bathroom, and even if I did, by the time I got there I'd risk having an accident in public...I didn't want that at all.

While stopping may have been worth the risk, my decision was made for me when a second larger jet of pee gushed into my pants, this time wetting a good portion of the crotch of my pants...I could feel my underwear was pretty wet at this point.

I continued driving, still in disbelief at what was happening, and while the positive to the situation was that the damage was still localized due to the fact that I was sitting and driving, my worry started to become the seat of the car...I REALLY didn't want that to get soaked.

Still trying to avoid a full blown accident, I kept driving, shifting my legs and holding myself. As I got within 10 minutes of my place though, I lost control of another little spurt. Nothing major, but enough to make me panic again, and as I got closer and closer to my neighborhood, I started loosing dribbles of pee that I started not having much control over.

By this point my crotch area was soaked, my bladder was in pain, but somehow my seat was still dry. I just wanted to get the my bathroom before I had a wildly messy situation in the car.

As I turned onto my street I was breathing pretty heavily and I got that cold sweat that sometimes comes over you when you REALLY have to go. I pulled into my driveway, and took a deep breath thinking about how close I was and that I could make it inside.

I opened the door and jumped out of my car, but the moment I stood up straight a river was gushing out of me before I even knew what had happened. Standing with my car door still open, I tried frantically to stop the pee by jamming my hand into my crotch but it was no use, pee was falling everywhere.

I just stood frozen with my legs pressed together, but that was simply my gut reaction at that point. I was full on wetting myself in the driveway, pee dripping all around me. Pee soaked the bottom half of my hoodie and flooded into my socks and shoes.

I must have stood there for a good 60 seconds, not moving and peeing my pants, and while I had done my fair share of planned wettings, this full on accident was pretty embarrassing...or well, it would have been if it weren't almost 2 in the morning. I was shocked.

I stood around not really knowing what to do for another minute or two, but then when I realized that nobody I know would actually ever know what had happened, I grabbed the things out of my car, went inside, threw the clothes in the washer, and took a shower.

Now that it's a few hours behind me, I'm actually pretty excited at what happened. It was a huge, unintended accident, but it also felt pretty incredible.

