Wet her jean in college

Author: liric

*000*2013-12-14 09:32

I met my wife when we were both in college and she wasn't too reluctant to wet her pants for me. She didn't really enjoy it herself and she rarely does it now but when we were first dating and for the first couple years of marriage, she would do it quite often because she knew I liked it. She'd do it in public without my asking too.

I have many memories of places she wet. Here is one:

When we were in college, we both lived with our parents' places and we'd spend some nights at her mom's and some at my parents'. Our parents didn't have any issue with that. She stayed at my house more because I lived less than two miles from the university we attended.

One night I went to pick her up from the library kinda late. I parked a short walk from the library, maybe 100 yards, give or take. The walk was mostly open and the last part was totally open and well lit with no place to hide. And mind you, my wife - then girlfriend - did not know exactly where I parked.

As we were walking back to the car, she stopped and took a step back from me and stood between two bushes next to a flag pole. She looked at me and started giggling. I looked down at the crotch of her blue jeans and saw that she was wetting her pants! Right there on campus! I didn't ask her to, she just did it! And we were going back to my parents' house where they would still be awake and she'd have to walk in with peed-in jeans!

She was 21 at the time and her body was great. I watched the wetness spread horizontally across the front of her jeans then down both legs. Her behind was shaped just right - not fat but just enough meat to give it great curves which looked even better all wet. We walked back to the car but there was nobody around to see her. There could have been any number of people there though to see her - a 21 year old college student in wet pants - walking in plain sight.

We found a secluded place to park and had sex. It was great. I don't recall how we handled going back to my parents - whether she just got in her car and drove home or whether she came inside and stayed the night. In either case, my parents didn't see her wet.

I still picture her doing that today even though it was more than ten years ago.

