Wet myself outside of the bathroom

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2015-09-24 19:19

So uh, hi. I'm Crim. I wet myself today. A few things you should know before we start.

One: I recently had a gender-identity crisis. Well, not even really that. I let other people convince me I was having one (Goddamn you Tumblr people!) i.e I'm really tomboyish sometimes and people on there told me my gender was a boy and I should learn to embrace it. Of course I recently realized that was a load of shit and I didn't like being a full on boy. So if you were one of the like, 3 people who read my "introducing myself" post like...forever ago, that's why I said I was a boy. I'm not. Just to clear that up. Sex: Fem. Gender: Fem. And I'm not about to let anyone else tell me otherwise again.

Now with that out of the way, today I did a hold. I never intended to fully wet, yet I did, which is what made today both scary and exciting!

Anyone who's seen me post knows I love those Milovana pee holding interactive challenges. I have a huge imagination and get really into it, I don't think I've done a hold without one since I discovered them. Its been awhile since anyone made a new one, so I got into the habit of doing multiple in a single hold, or even two at once, which was the case today.

And so there I was, in my room. I drank a few mugs of water and tea and waited for things to move along by watching Scrubs. I don't know what it was about today, whether it was 3 cups of tea's worth of caffiene or the tight jeans I had put on in advance, or just some other random thing, but it moved along REALLY fast. An hour and a half after I started drinking, I was at the fidgeting stage. I couldn't stand still, and sitting had become a real burden. It took me really off guard. I started my challenges and for the first time ever, started posting in the live action thread. It's really unlike me to do that, I don't know why I did. Maybe I wanted some company for once. Alas, nobody showed up during my hold.

Appearance wise, I was wearing red panties (nothing fancy) and a tight pair of blue jeans. Didn't bother with a shirt, as it was fairly warm today. For you people who are a fan of picturing things, I'm pretty tiny. Short, tiny frame, skinny, pale, long and obviously-not-well-taken-care-of hair. Pretty much the definition of "Get off your computer and go outside."

So at this point I had started doing the challenges and tasks, pretty confident that I would do fine, as per usual. I was shaking, and twitching, etc but I felt I could hold on despite the huge pressure in my bladder. But then 10 minutes went by....20 minutes...and before I knew it not only had the pressure nearly doubled, but the challenges were also taking their toll. I could barely believe it. It had all happened so fast. It was to the point I was constantly shaking and had a hand between my legs any time the challenge wasn't preventing me from doing so. It was getting pretty unbearable but I convinced myself there's no way its this bad already, its just your psyche getting out of turn. I wish I was right.

Time went on. I dribbled a few times but I felt it was nothing I couldnt handle. I had a grip on this. Until at one point I stopped to type in the live action thread again. Typing of course, requiring both hands. I wasn't too concerned, just crossed my legs as I bent over to type. But mid sentence, I don't know what it was, it must have been the way I moved, but I felt a sudden violent dampness as a huge leak shot down my leg. Before I knew it, my inner leg on my jeans had a wet patch from my crotch to my knee. All I could think was, where the hell did that come from? Keep it together.

I probably should have ran to the bathroom right then. You see, I wasn't home alone. and a full blown wetting and its cleanup would be hard to hide/explain to my brother if he just decided to waltz in during those crucial moments. My main plan if he walked in during the hold itself was to quickly pull a blanket over my chest and yell that I wasn't wearing a shirt, which would cause him to scurry off somewhere. Thus, I had planned to use the bathroom before it was too late.

Issue was, I'm stubborn. As is usually the objective with holding, I decided since I had regained control after my big spurt, I would wait until the last possible second, not for a moment having the foresight to even think there might be obstacles. It was also that this point I received another huge warning I ignored. You know when your bladder muscles start to fluctuate? Waver? That wobbley feeling, like when you're carrying something heavy in your arms and they start to go all wobbley under the strain against your will? I got that feeling. And I ignored it, because I'm me.

Time went by, as did a few more dribbles. But I kept telling myself that it wasn't over yet, that I could go longer. The fresh dampness in my crotch, and the now semi dried patch down my leg would suggest otherwise, but again, stubborn. Then one of the challenges told me the start of my undoing. Every 30 seconds, I had to push on my bladder hard for 5 seconds. And of course, I thought I could do it. Thing is, when I'm pressing on my bladder I don't use my hands. I don't find I can push with the right pressure in the right way to ever make it a feasible threat. So what I do is, I tip my chair back so that its on its back legs, and push my lower abdomen into the top of it.

Huge mistake, obviously. The first 5 seconds, I felt my crotch go damp again. A few small spurts. I can do it, I told myself. In the 30 second break between I told myself I had only spurted because I didn't brace properly, and I just had to go into the next push prepared. So 30 seconds passed. And again I tipped my chair back, closed my eyes, braced myself, and leaned into it. With a bit more weight than I intended.

A leak. A big leak. The biggest so far. My hand shot down as it left my body, but it was a little too late for that. In that moment I felt the wetness gather in my hand, fall down my leg again, down to my ankle. Some got on the floor. A little spread behind my ass too. I regained control in that split second, but it was also the second that I wasn't going to maintain the control. I couldn't. This was it. But I couldn't risk it, I had already gone too far as it was. My brother could walk in any second, see my wet leg, and ask what the fuck was going on.

And so came the moment. The hail mary. I didn't have time to throw on a shirt let alone a bra, so I just had to hope he wasn't in the hallway between my room and the bathroom. There was no time, it was now or never, I could FEEL my control slipping and about to give. I dashed out of my room, one hand between my legs holding on for dear life and one trying to preemptively undo the button of my jeans (And failed, little bugger wouldn't give)

And I encountered every holders nightmare. The bathroom door was shut. And locked. I could hear the shower going inside. That son of a bitch. I leaned against the door, my forehead and chest pressing into the wood, my fingernails digging into either side of the door and my back slightly arched, pushing my ass out as my legs slammed together, my knees knocking together over and over. I yelled at him to get out. I yelled that I needed to get in right that second. My fingernails dug deep into the door, scratching as my control slipped, a muffled "Sorry, no can do!" coming from inside the bathroom.

I felt it coming. My left hand then alternated between banging on the door, gripping at my crotch, and clawing into the door once more. My chest was heaving against the door, I couldn't bear to open my eyes and look as it started.

My crotch grew damp. A spurt, and another, and another. The crotch gripping, the clawing, nothing helped. Squeezed my legs together tighter, still nothing. It was coming out, slowly but steadily. I gripped my left thigh as I felt my pee seep out and crawl down the back of my leg. I tried so hard. Knocking my knees, gripping at everything I could, frantically trying to stop it or slow it down. Shaking, writhing, I felt it continue to pour out and reach the back of my knee. I heard drops hit the floor. This couldn't be happening. Wetting myself after a good hold was one thing, not being able to stop it when it mattered most was another thing entirely.

My control was still sort of there, but not nearly enough to stop the flow completely. I felt it spread across my lower ass and inner thigh. The other leg now too, I could feel it running down. Something in that made me lurch, pressing my chest into the door harder. Something about that movement hit my bladder, and suddenly whatever slight control I still had was gone. I gasped loudly as my crotch suddenly grew a lot warmer, as did my inner legs, I could feel the flow go from a creeping dribble into a stream. Of course I grabbed my crotch, but my hand was soaked almost instantly. I let out a cry as I started soaking myself, trying anything and everything. Thigh gripping, moving my legs, crossing them, frantically hopping slightly just trying to get it to stop but the more I tried the harder it all came out. I felt my ass, my legs, everything become completely soaked and warm.

A stream was gently but firmly pitter pattering onto the floor, my jeans on my right leg having become far too saturated for it to just climb down my leg itself anymore at this intensity. I fought and cried and yelled and moaned, fighting until the bitter end. But there was no way around it...I was completely and thoroughly wetting my pants, right outside the bathroom against my will like a little girl. As I stopped shaking and bouncing and switching my legs all over the place, my fingers tired from violently gripping at every part of my thighs and crotch I could get ahold of, I just became exhausted. Soaked and defeated, I turned around and slowly slumped to the ground against the door, wetting myself all the way. 

My bladder had NO control anymore, and I was still going. My mind just blanked out as I sat on the ground, watching my already massive puddle continually expand due to the now very audiable hissing in my jeans. It was by far the greatest wetting I had ever had, and the scary circumstances made it incredibly exciting and erotic. My chest heaved, my breathing heavy as my bladder finished emptying itself. All my mind could process now was the near orgasmic relief and the "Holy shit, that just happened, and it was incredible" type thought.

Until my brain finally re-clicked into the sound of the shower going, and realized that the moment my brother opened the door, he'd find me sitting there, naked from the lower waist up, having lost control and peed in my pants in the hallway, everything I was wearing having been completely drenched, with a puddle leading from under me in all directions, and almost to the door opposite me. My stomach dropped so fast. My mind went in all directions, and suddenly I was up, running through the house in my soaking wet jeans, trying to manage to somehow clean this up before my brother got out of the shower. I ran downstairs, grabbed two towels from the laundry, ran back up, and cleaned it up and cleaned it good. Both towels ended up completely soaked. 

I heard the shower stop. I ran into my room and got my jeans off as fast as I could, and threw them and the towels under my bed as soon as I could. I heard him coming and I was just standing there in my wet panties, all I had time to do was throw on a T-shirt. The big kind I wear to bed. And sit down at my computer desk. He just walked in without knocking, as he does, and asked what all my insane fuss at the door was about. I told him I thought I was late for a get-together and needed my makeup that second, but then realized it was tomorrow and not today. I sat almost frozen, hoping he wouldn't notice my wet legs glistening. I felt the lower black of my shirt get wet as I sat on it in my wet panties, and reaaaally tried not to think about it. Just sat and smiled and blinked and waited for him to accept it and leave, which he did, shaking his head and calling me a nutjob.

Then I just sat there in silence and waited for the telltale shut of his bedroom door, meaning he was going in to play COD or something. Once I was sure he was in, I switched out of my wet undies and now slightly damp shirt into jammies, and fished out everything from under my bed and snuck to the laundry room with it. I thought I was scot free until he questioned the wet footprints downstairs. I went beet red and just told him that I had spilt some water earlier and must have stepped in it. He gave me a really questioning gaze and I turned redder, but for a non-omo enthusiast he obviously didn't come to the conclusion any of you would have, and just accepted it and moved on.

Anywho, that was my day today. I hope you enjoy! Please leave feedback, as writing this stuff out isn't something I do often and I'd love to know what people think. If this is good and I'm good at telling it, I might write about my future experiences as well. Please let me know anything and everything you think! I think I drank too much, I had to go to the bathroom again in the middle of writing this.

Now I'll end this, as I tend to ramble and as this was the scariest, most exciting wetting I've done, and looking back on it now, incredibly erotic. So I have other needs to take care of. Bye bye!

*003*2015-09-24 20:28

I'm actually super surprised he didn't question just how frantic I was out there. I was clawing at the door like a rabid animal...Probably just chalked it up to crazy sister REALLY needing the makeup?

& I'm super glad you enjoyed it!!! :D

*005*2015-09-24 21:01

You know, if I had known what the end result would have been, I might've done just that, though the rapid cleanup would still be needed.

And yeah, but he's always been like that. When we first moved here back when I was just a preteen, my room had a lock on the door. My parents removed it because I always had it locked and they also seem to have the need to barge in whenever they damn well please. It was one of those old fashion hook through the hoop ones.

I'm glad you enjoyed! c:

*010*2015-09-25 12:59

I always start them desperate. I have a large capacity, and it makes things more interesting :)

*014*2015-09-25 16:42

Thanks for the feedback you guys! (:

*016*2015-09-25 17:14

It wasn't TOO embarrassing or humiliating...I was embarrassed at myself, yes, but it wasn't TOO bad because I managed to think on the fly and not get caught ;)

If I had just sat there resigned to my fate...It probably would have been a lot worse I imagine. I turn red just thinking about it.

*018*2015-09-25 17:30

Yeah, that does make sense!

{{:

I can relate to your 'stubbornness' because extreme pee holding is so exciting you don't want it to end.

}}

*020*2015-09-25 18:53

I don't resign easily. Too stubborn. xD

*023*2015-09-25 19:56

{{:

And THIS, dear friends, is exactly why my house has a separate toilet and bathroom.

Somebody else in the shower? Pee as you like without worry.

}}

This actually used to be the case until we renovated a bit a few years ago!

Our washer and dryer used to be in a really big closeted pantry in the Kitchen, and something weird about where it was made it noisey.

So we took our downstairs bathroom, which was only marginally bigger than a closet, and turned it into a laundry room. Bought a new washer and dryer set for it too!

