All Tied Up With Nowhere To Go

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-01-31 19:11

This is the story of an incident that happened a few days ago which I thoroughly enjoyed so thought I would share it with you lovely people :).....

I was aware of movement beside me and realised my boyfriend was getting out of bed, I opened my eyes and asked him what time It was, he said it was half 7 and I flopped back onto the pillow, I was still half asleep and had no desire to get up so I rolled over and buried myself under the covers. I noticed my bladder but I wasn't desperate by any means and really had no motivation to get up so I closed my eyes and went back to sleep....

I then roused sometime later, the first thing registering in my mind was my bladder sending signals that it needed emptying, maybe that was what had woken me up. I still had no desire to get up and was still in a zombiefied state so I instinctively went to cross my close my legs together to combat against my bladder, but I couldn’t seem to get them to close. I couldn’t be bothered trying to figure out why and just lay there slowly coming round from my sleepy state.

It was when I came to rub my eyes to get rid of the sleep that I noticed something was wrong I couldn't move my hand to my eyes, I came out of my slumber and looked at my hand and noticed the rope round my wrist. I followed the rope and found the other end tied to the headboard., I looked to the other side and found the same on my other arm. What was going on? ....before I could think my bladder twinged and instinctively went to move my hand to my crotch, then realised I couldn't, I then went to cross my legs and found they still wouldn't move, I looked down and saw rope tied round them as well, tied to the bed posts. As I looked down at my feet my boyfriend came in and said “aaah you're up, good morning”.

“morning” I replied “what’s going on”

“just what you wanted” he said.

I thought and then remembered a few week earlier we had been talking and I had mentioned how I would love to be tied up and be left helpless so obviously this is what he was doing. He put a cup of tea on the table next to the bed like he does every morning and asked if I wanted it. I was thirsty so he put it in my hand and I managed to drink it while he was talking to me. I finished the cuppa and he took the cup from me and went and took it downstairs. By now my bladder was making itself known and the fact I had just drunk a cup of tea wasn’t helping. I waited for him to come back, wondering what he had in mind for me. He eventually came back and put my phone on the bed where I could reach it. I looked at him quizzically and he said “ive got to nip into town, I wont be long”.

I was shocked at hearing this...”you cant leave me like this” I said.

“course I can, that’s what you wanted, to be left tied up and helpless” he replied winking at me as he walked out the door”

I thought about the situation I was in, the feeling of helplessness was turning me on and I realised it could be fun. He popped his head round the door and said “one more thing, I expect those to be dry when I get back” and pointed to my knickers. I looked down at them and when I looked back up he was gone. I then realised the situation I was in....I was tied to the bed with no way of escaping with a rapidly filling bladder. I now understand his last comment. I wasn't allowed to wee whilst he was gone. I didn't want to wee anyway, because it was a turn on knowing I was holding for him, but also because I didn't want to wet the bed.

But then it hit me, my bladder was filling quite fast, but once I was really desperate I wouldn't have anything to help, my hands were tied up, I couldn't close my legs, I was going to have to rely on will power. I looked at the time, it was 10:00, I noticed the remote on the bed next to me and flicked the TV, surfing through the channels and found there was nothing on I fancied watching so I put the radio on and lay there listening to music. Half and hour passed in which I just listened to the radio, by now my bladder was really starting to fill up and I was wiggling around on the bed to help me hold on. I picked up the phone and rang my boyfriend.

“how long you gonna be” I asked.

“not long, I just have a few jobs to do, why” he replied.

“I just wondered because I really need to pee”.

“I wont be too long, ill be home about half 11”

I said goodbye and hung up the phone. I turned over and saw it was only 10:35, another hour till he said he would be home. I went back to listening to the radio and wiggling like crazy trying to combat my squeezing bulging bladder. It got to 11:00 and I had reached bursting point, my bladder was really full and was squeezing and pushing trying to void it's contents. I could only wiggle and squirm about like mad trying to keep that from happening. I knew it was futile but my hand was trying to move down and grab my crotch, I wanted to so desperately, my legs were shaking like mad wanting to cross and squeeze.

11:10 – I was on the verge of wetting myself, I was using all my strength to hold back the flood which was pushing against the tip of my wee hole trying to get out. It didn't help that I was aroused as hell, the situation had made me insanely aroused, plus the cold air was hitting my nipples making them tingle and my clit throb begging to be touched. The weight of my bladder was pushing down onto my g-spot sending surges of pleasure racing through my body and the fact I could do nothing about it made me even hornier. I rang my boyfriend again...he answered the phone and before he could say anything I screamed down the phone....

“oh god baby, hurry up and get home, im seriously about to burst, I cant hold on much longer”

“OK OK OK” he replied “I said I would be home at half 11, its only 10 past, you will just have to hold, if I get home and find you with wet knickers you will be in serious trouble”

“im trying to hold on, but its hard as I cant do do anything but wiggle, hurry baby pleeeease.

I hung up and threw the phone on the bed and resumed wiggling, concentrating on my stopping my wee from bursting out. Time seemed to tick by slowly and in the end I closed my eyes so I couldn’t see the time, I just focused on not wetting myself and keeping the flood at bay. I heard something, a car, footsteps, then I heard the front door open. I heard movement in the living room and I screamed out “BABY COME HERE NOW”. I heard him coming up the stairs and he came into the room. He walked over to the bed and put his hand on my knickers....

“hmmmm these don't appear to be dry” he said, looking at me sternly.

“that’s not wee I swear” I replied, “its just pussy juice”

He looked at me and then said “OK that’s fine”

I sighed in relief and said “OK, baby im about to bust untie me quickly”

He looked down at me and said “what makes you think im going to untie you”

“cos I really need to pee and im about to burst all over the bed if you don’t untie me”

“that sounds like a reason to keep you tied up” he said winking at me.

Then I realised he wasn’t going to let me go, he was just going to watch me wiggle and squirm all helpless. This turned me on even more and my clit throbbed again begging for attention.

“oh god please baby, im so desperate, please let me go”

“no, you're going to hold it in like a good girl” he said, “if you wee before I say you can you will be in big trouble.

“OK” I said and continued wiggling continuously begging him to let me go.

After 20 mins I was in serious trouble, I was on the verge of exploding, I felt a leak escape my wee hole, then another...and another. I felt the leaks slowly moisten the fabric of my knickers. He looked down at them and said “oh dear, what's this, are you leaking you naughty girl”. I shook my head and he placed his hand on my knickers and then moved it to his nose. “I believe you are, for this you must be punished”.

He walked over and sat next to me on the bed and slowly ran his fingers over my bladder bulge, tickling it and making it jolt causing me to leak again. He ran his fingers over my tummy and up over my nipples, his touch sending more pleasure coursing through me.

“oh no baby please don’t, you're going to make me wee myself”.

He continued stroking all over my body making me leak more and more, then suddenly he placed his fingers on my clit and pinched lightly. The sudden surge of pleasure caused me to spurt into my knickers creating a large wet spot on them. He noticed this and shook his head.

“I couldn't help it baby, im bursting”

“I told you if you wet yourself you would be punished and look” he pointed to the wet patch on my knickers “that means you need to be punished.

I watched as he moved his hand up to my bladder bulge, stroking it slightly. Then suddenly he pushed down on it. I moaned out as I spurted more into my knickers. He pushed again, and again, each time he did I spurted into my knickers. He turned round and looked at me “you keep being naughty, I have to keep punishing you. His hand moved down into my knickers and began stroking against my clit, my back arched as I moaned out as my clit received the attention it craved. He pushed down on my bladder again, causing me to spurt more. I could do nothing to stop it, I was at his total mercy.

Suddenly he pushed down on my bladder hard, the unexpected pressure took me by surprise and caused my muscles to relax, the flood commenced, it came bursting out of my wee hole and sprayed all over my knickers, within seconds I was laid in a puddle which was growing at an alarming rate. The feeling of my bladder emptying, plus emptying all over my knickers was sending my horniness level through the roof. I wanted to stick my hand in my knickers and rub my pussy until I came but I couldn't I could just lay there as my bladder emptied. Finally the flow stopped, my knickers soaked and gone see through, my bed had become an ocean of pee. I flopped back onto the bed and sighed in relief. My boyfriend turned and looked at me shaking his head “that was very naughty, its punishment time”.

He reached his hand down and rubbed my wet knickers against my throbbing clit. I screamed out as the pleasure took over me, I was on the edge of orgasm, looking forward to release when he stopped.

“don’t stop baby, I need to cum so bad”

“I know you do, but you cant, that’s your punishment”

He then rubbed again, and again, stopping each time I was about to orgasm. Each time I begged him to let me cum but he wouldn't. He then left and came back with my mini wand vibrator...he held it against my clit, turning it on high and just as I was going to cum turning it to low keeping me on the edge but not tipping me over it. After 30 minutes of this I was going out of my mind with pleasure, I needed release so bad, my whole body ached, wanting nothing more than orgasm. I reached the edge again and when he turned it off I flopped back onto the bed moaning and writhing. Then I felt something warm on my crotch, I thought it was the start of a orgasm beginning to build, but then I realised it wasn't. It was warm and wet, what was it?....I looked down and saw my boyfriend sat on top of me slowly peeing on me through his shorts.

The sight of him peeing himself and the feeling of his pee running over my crotch and legs was too much, I then felt it, I was starting to orgasm, all the teasing had turned me on immensely and now this sight had finally tipped me. It began to build in strength, waves of pleasure spreading from my clit all over my body. But then it stopped growing. The orgasm continued but it wasn't finishing, I needed stimulation to get it to finish. I begged him to turn my wand back on but he shook his head. I was going light-headed the pleasure reaching momentous heights. If this orgasm didn’t finish or stop soon I was going to pass out from the pleasure.

Just when I had given up hope he turned the wand onto full power and jammed it on my clit. Within seconds my clit exploded, The orgasm spreading through my body, causing my body to convulse and shake. The orgasm continued for what seemed like forever and eventually died down. I just lay there in post orgasmic bliss, aftershocks occasionally rocking my body, Then I noticed the wand was still on full power and pressed on my clit. I asked him to take it off but he just shook his head. Now I was going the other way, now I was begging him to take it off as I didn’t want to cum again, but no matter how much I begged he didn’t take it off. Before too long my body was rocked by another powerful orgasm. When this one had subsided I could only lay there, aftershocks rocking my body, as they did I wet myself again, what little liquid had filled my bladder deciding to come out, suddenly the world went hazy, then black...I had passed out.

I awoke two hours later in a clean bed wearing clean jammies, I rolled over to find my boyfriend watching TV. At first I thought it was a dream then he smiled and said “I take it you enjoyed that”....I could only nod my head and flop onto him smiling.

FIN

Hope you all enjoyed....let me know what you think, I love reading your comments :D

Gemmy xxx

