Coming Home from a Party

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-07-10 16:04

I've never liked to use unfamiliar bathrooms. I just don't. So I usually won't if I think I can get away with not using them. That does mean I spend more time needing to pee then most people, sometimes it has led to accidents. Probably it's why I'm into desperation and wetting.

About ten years ago I was at a house party with my then boyfriend, Ben. I'd dressed up a bit, clingy black dress, heels. After a while I started to need to pee but I wasn't drinking much so I figured I would just hold it till I got back to Ben's place after the party, and if I really needed to go badly I'd look for the toilet at that point.

A couple of hours later I really needed to pee rather a lot but I couldn't find the bathroom. Every time I casually went looking for it I'd run into someone and get to talking with them, so my search took ages. It had got to the point where I was just going to have to ask someone where the bathroom was, which I absolutely hate doing. I was just working up my nerve when Ben tapped my shoulder and asked if I wanted to go home. I did, it was getting late, and it meant I wouldn't have to ask for the toilet.

It would be about a half hour drive back to Ben's. I judged I could very probably wait that long but Ben and I played pee games sometimes so an accident wouldn't be the end of the world. It was my thing, not his, but he really got into it over time. Maybe I converted him.

The bathroom turned out to be right near the front door, I saw it as we walked out. But I didn't really want to make Ben wait for me to go, and also I was liking the idea of a little desperation on the ride home.

It was only after we were outside that Ben told me that he had offered Mike and Anne, a couple of friends who lived near him, a ride back to their place. I did think about going back inside to pee after all but I didn’t want to hold everyone up. And again, I really did think it would be able to wait.

A few minutes later I was absolutely not fine. I’d gone from “I should be able to wait maybe another hour” desperate to “I’m worried I might pee my pants any minute” desperate incredibly quickly. Probably because I was suddenly in a position where there was no opportunity to pee for the next forty minutes and wetting myself was unthinkable because people were right there next to me.

I didn’t want Mike and Anne to see that I was desperate. Partly because I never want people to see me need to pee. But even more so because they would certainly think it strange I didn’t go before we left the party. Mike rode shotgun next to Ben and Anne sat in the back with me. She must have thought I was really rude because I barely talked to her. I just couldn't. I needed to concentrate on not flooding the seat.

I like to move around a lot to help me control my bladder, but I don't like to do that if other people are around so I had to force myself to sit still even though my muscles were yelling at me that if I wanted to not end up with a soaked dress I should be fidgeting like crazy.

It wasn't a good trip. The whole time I was running through scenarios of what would happen when I wet my pants. Could I possibly keep it from them? Would they be sympathetic? Or disgusted? Or pretend it hadn't happened? Would I laugh it off? Or cry? How would I explain why I hadn't said anything? I had myself convinced that I was going to have an accident in front of Mike and Anne. But it would have been just so intolerably embarrassing I was committed to hanging on till the last possible second despite the inevitability. This time though, to my genuine surprise, when we pulled up in front of their house I was still dry. They said goodbye to Ben and I and got out of the car.

As soon as I was sure that Mike and Anne were definitely out of earshot I confessed how baldy I needed to pee to my boyfriend. His immediate assumption was that I'd done it on purpose and responded with an amorous comment. I was happy to let him think that I had decided to get desperate rather than had made poor decisions.

It only took us about five minutes to get to Ben's place from Mike and Anne's and while I really didn't want the mess of peeing on a car seat, particularly when it wasn't my car, my stress levels were much healthier now that I wasn't going to have an accident in front of our friends. I fancied that I when I got to Ben's bathroom I would sit and wet my knickers on the toilet and tell Ben that I hadn't quite made it.

Inconveniently Ben lived in an apartment building with an underground car park, whilst he lived on the second floor. My bladder screamed at me standing up to get out of the car. Had I been in a private garage I would have probably just let go and peed down my legs. But I didn't want to leave a puddle in a public space. As we walked toward the apartment Ben said with a smile, "I thought you needed to pee?". I replied that I was absolutely desperate but was afraid that if I rushed I might lose control. Which was very true. "Really?" He said with a smile and put his arms around me and tried to kiss me. I wanted to stand there and kiss him back. But I knew that if I didn't concentrate I'd wet myself and while I really wanted to do that as well I didn't want to do that in public. "When we get inside." I told him firmly but as a promise. He didn't push it.

We took the elevator. I don't really like elevators and stairs are good for you so I usually take stairs if they are an option. On this particular day I just didn't particularly fancy the physical stresses of stair climbing so I pressed the button for the elevator. It probably only took thirty seconds to arrive but it felt like a lot longer. Since we were alone in the car park I bounced around on the balls of my feet and pressed the front of my dress against myself. I'd done that in front of Ben in the privacy of the bedroom during foreplay but never outside of that, that he ever saw. "Wow! You really are desperate!" I don't think I replied other than a grimace and a nod. I was just about to abandon the elevator and try the stairs after all when it finally arrived.

The elevator stopped on the ground floor, forcing me to pull my hand away from my crotch and stand still, and a youngish woman with sharp hair got on. She didn't press for a different floor so she was going to the second floor like us. I don't know why fit people take the elevator for one floor. Maybe she had a good reason, I try not to judge, but at the time I was ropeable that she'd slowed me down. I felt out of control. I was only just holding on, that level of desperation when you might start peeing without further notice.

Ben didn't really take an unreasonably long time unlocking the door. It was just that that one final delay with relief so very close at hand was too much. I started peeing myself as he fiddled with the keys in the lock. My knickers felt warm, and then wet against me as I lost control. I squeezed my muscles as tight as I could but they just wouldn't listen to me, so as the first drips pattered on the wooden floor beneath me I gave up.

Pee poured out of me with what seemed to me to be an audible hiss. It coursed down my thighs and drummed and splattered into the growing puddle between my feet. Ben was looking at me now, with surprise at first, despite how desperate I obviously was he had still not expected me to have an accident. His expression quickly changed to one of lust, I knew he was just waiting for me to finish wetting myself before he pulled me inside and straight to bed. The feeling was incredible. Amazing relief and overwhelming desire, plus a thrill of nervousness that someone, the sharp haired girl maybe, might see me. I don't think I've ever felt sexier.

*006*2015-07-26 08:13

Thank you everyone! :) It's probably my favourite omo memory. If you could take one look at my house you'd know fastidiousness is not a virtue of mine Gobphus, not that I leave pee puddles around, more clothes, and books, and boxes of stuff. I think Ben cleaned it up within an hour... or thereabouts... :p

