Our First Public Wetting :3

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-11-11 13:16

Central Park

I am SO sorry I haven't posted in a while!! I'm back for a bit! (College has been SO stressful!!)

Alexis and I skipped gracefully, hand-in-hand down the road in Central Park on some noon Saturday just enjoying the fresh air and wanting to get some naughty time in since we might as well mark our territory cause I mean.. Vacation, right?

We both wore skirts with cotton panties underneath cause we didn't want to wear jeans otherwise too many people would notice! We walked up to a man selling cotton candy and I bought two for Alexis and I. We walked down the path carefully placing cotton candy in our mouths and occasionally being all cute and putting cotton candy in eachother's mouths. Eventually we put a blanket on a hill and laid down on it together still holding hands.

"I love you.." Alexis said as she scooted closer.

I grinned, "I love you too" I said again and turned my head to her.

Alexis shifted and quietly nipped at my neck and jawline which felt so good. I moaned and felt her hand reaching for the bottom of my skirt. I reach down and grab her wrist and tell her "Later" she huffs in annoyance and nips at my earbobe. Her lips softly graze over my long soft blonde hair and over my earrings to my lips. I can't deny her of a makeout session. We begin kissing in the middle of Central Park. So passionately that we really don't care who sees us. Eventually we roll onto our backs and sigh.

"I wanna go pee." I get up and pat myself down.

Alexis jumps to her feet and links arms with me after packing up the blanket. We walk down the pathway looking for a place for us to quietly wet our panties without being too obvious but nowhere is in sight. Alexis heaves a sigh and then announces "I shall piss myself while walking."

Shocked, I stare at her, "But your vans..." She grins and sits on the ground to take off her shoes and put them into my backpack. She was totally carefree.. Her tight blue cotton panties were showing to the public and she literally didn't care.. She gets back up, barefoot and walks with me.

Eventually she abruptly stops and hugs my arm and whispers in my ear "Oh my god, Ashley, I'm wetting!!" I blush and pull her along so that we keep walking. She leaves a small line behind her as the warm pee creates a layer of liquid over her thighs and down her legs. Eventually we sit back down on the blanket and she hitches up her skirt and panties showing how wet they were. She pants. "Ashley, I need to cum.. Oh god.. What do I do??" I look at her wide eyed and give her my backpack to put on her lap as she sneakily pleasures herself. "I'm peeing on my hands" she giggled at one point and I kept looking away to give her privacy and make sure nobody noticed her public pleasure session. "Mmmmmmmmm" I hear next to me as Alexis looks up to the sky and pulls her hand out of her lap. "Okay, sorry about that, I desperately needed that" she giggled.

"No problem" I got up and helped her up. I put my backpack on and we began making our way out of the park. Near the entrance of the park, I sit on a bench, fanning out my skirt cause it's cute and I don't wanna get it wet. I gently and ever so slightly spread my legs and push out my piss. It comes racing out and soaks my panties making my vagina feel so good. The warm panties stuck to my skin and my thighs quivered with naughtiness. I bit my nail and kept peeing. Alexis wasn't as polite as me, instead of looking out for me, she simply stated and looked extra horny.

I stood from the soaked bench and walked away as if nothing had happened. Once we got on the bus, Alexis and I sat in the back and instantly stuck our hands into our skirts and under our panties and quietly began pleasuring ourselves in the back seat. It was so naughty!

Once we got back to the hotel room we had quite the fun in our wet panties but that'll definitely be a story for another time :)

*004*2014-11-12 13:22

We were sorta by the lake/pond in the middle ^_^ thanks for reading!! :3

*005*2014-11-13 04:52

Thanks RandStand!

*006*2014-11-19 04:36

Okay so obviously this story sucked :/

Can anyone tell me what I could do to improve a public wetting story for future reference??? :)

*008*2014-11-20 05:12

Hahaha, I mean the way I wrote it >.< this one's been one of my least popular ones so yeah.. >.<

