No time for a bathroom

Author: theblackman24

*000*2013-02-11 09:53

A few years ago I was wworking a sells job for a knife company. My job was to set up appointments and meet people at there house or at the company. Sometimes I would have to give presentations to a croud of people. one time it was one of those busy days ware I had an appontment left to right.

My day started at 8 in the morning I was getting all my material ready for the day. Once I was ready I ate breakfest and had something to drink. I look at the clock and I was running late so I skiped using the bathroom and headed to my first appointment.

After the first appointment I had to give a presentation to a group of people at some hotel. I Drove down to the hotel and I barly made it on time. I grabbed a bottle of water because the presentation ussually last 2 - 3 hours. Durring the presentation I could feel my bladder starting to fill up slowly. Once the presentation wwas over I went on break.

I went to go buy some chicken and something to drink at a chicken restaurant. I didn't have to much time for a break since the presentation lasted a lot longer then I expected. My next appointment was 2 cities over and I was running short on time. I didnt even get to finish my lunch, I finished my drink and asked the cashier if there was a bathroom. The cashier said it's for emplyees only. I was a little uncomfortable but I could tolerate it so I just said forget it and went to my next appointment.

I hit some traffic and I arrived a few minutes late to my appointment.

The lady was not mad or anything she just wanted to see the product.

Once I finished with that appointment I realized that my next appointment was just 10 minutes away.

I got my stuff together and headed to my next appointment. I was starting to have to go bad but i was putting up with it. Luckely my next appointment was only a few miles away. Once I got that appointment out of the way I had to do a presentation for some of the new people at the office. so I drove there as fast as i could becouse I was running kind of late.

Once I got there I iqnored the bathroom and went straight to giving the new people the presentation. Once I finished that My bladder was in bad condition and I still had one more appointment for the day. I had to go really bad. I went to the bathroom in the building but it was locked some one was in there with a bad stomach ach. So i just said forget it and headed off to my last appointment since I was going to be late anyway.

My last appointment was in the heart of downtown. Once I got there My bladder was starting to burn. I just said I'll find someware to go after I finish with this appointment. This appointment took forever the lady kept askign me question and she wanted me to reexplain stuff over and over again. I my bladder felt like it was about to erupt. I think she knew something was wrong with me becouse my leg was bouncing and I was sweating bullets in an air conditioned room and I was starting to studder.

One point she asked me was I nervous. I told her no I just have to use the bathroom. She didn't seem to care that much and she kept questioning certain products. It took her 20 minutes to come up with a desition on what to buy. She bought something small and cheep.

I was thinking you kept me waiting for that. She gave me her information I thanked her and headed off to my car. My bladder was at it limit and it was really starting to make me desperate.

My bladder was so full that when i made it down the stairs I started to leak in to my pants. When I made it to my car I was hobbling on one foot to another and i was fumbling with my keys. I opened the trunk and put my stuff in. I got in to the car and took off.

I turned on the car and headed out into rush hour traffic. I found a gas station right next to the freeway I had to get on to get home. I parked my car and got out. as soon as I stood up i felt a jet of pee rush into my pants. I walked ino the gas station and ask the clerk if I can have the bathroom key. The clerk said theirs maintenance going on in the bathroom so no. that wasn't what I wanted to hear so I just said forget it and i'll try to make it home.

I got into my car and headed home. I got on the freeway with to my luck it was clear at the time. it was hard to concentrate on the road since my body was shaking so much. My lips and fingers were starting to tingle like they were falling sleep. I tried to remain calm, but my bladder wasn't making it. My bladder felt like it had just done 1000 push up.

My bladder was starting to lost the fight and I was starting to get very anxouse. Home was another 40 minutes away and I knew I wouldn;t be able to make it. eventually I got so desperate

I started looking for an exit so I can find a bathroom. I didnt know they area so I started having doubts and I decided to get off at an exit im familiar with. My bladder felt like it only had minutes left so I picked up the pace and drove faster. Eventually I hit a section of the freeway ware it's usually cluttered in traffic so I got stuck in stop and go traffic.

I knew I had A big problem when traffic hit. I shuffled around in the back seat for a water bottle or something but I came up empty. I could feel my bladder starting to lose it's grip. I got so desperate

I said forget it and hunted down an exit. as soon as I got off the freeway i felt another jet of pee rush out. When I stoped it My bladder was so burned out that another jet of pee rushed out. I tried to find a gas station but there was none in site and traffic on the street was to heavy. I was having a hard time controlling my bladder I knew if i didnt find something soon that I would lose the little control that I have.

I made it another 2 minutes when I felt my bladder getting ready to contract. I squeezed my bladder muscles as hard as i can. When My bladder contracted I held out for a second but I was overwhelmed and I peed hard into my pants. My blue work cloths were turning dark as i peed on myself. I couldn't help it anymore I kept peeing on myself. Every attemt to stop it didnt work it just kept coming out. I was kind of in shock of what was happenng.

When i got it to stop my pants were soaked, the car seat was soaked and there was pee on the floor. I was worried about how am I goint to clean the car out and how am i suppose to get into the house with out anyone seeing me. I just said forget the gas station and headed home in wet pants.

