My life (so far) of wetting

Author: benwet123

*000*2011-05-12 20:15

My first memory of anything to do with omorashi was when I was around 7. I would sit in school and let out spurts of pee until I had peed as much as possible without getting caught. I also remember this girl wetting herself in that same year. However after this, I kinda forgot about omorashi for a couple of years. Then when I was around 13, I remember being in a geography class and I had an urge to pee. So I started letting out spurts of pee until my pants were pretty wet. Luckily my school pants don't show wetness at all so I can pee quite a bit.

Up until then I have no recollection of ever wetting myself properly, not even as a child. However when I was about 14, little spurts were no longer enough, so I decided to try my first proper wetting. My mum was out so I stood in the bathroom and soaked my jeans. It was then I was hooked on wetting. I wet myself every wednesday because my mum worked late and my brother had football practice.

When I was 15 I decided that I would try something I had always wanted to, bed wetting. So I didn't want to ruin the mattress so I put some towels down and wet them that night. However I was too tired to clean it up so I through the soaked towels in my wardrobe and forgot about them. I got the shock of my life when my mum found them, I had to tell her it was an accident that I tried to dry up.

It was fun, but not a proper bedwetting. So one night I was about to fall asleep when I got the idea to chug loads of water and hold my pee. I did so and fell asleep. I woke up at around 1 o clock and was bursting to pee. I was just about to get up and go to the bathroom, when I just thought screw it. I just let go and totally soaked my entire bed, I fell asleep in the warm puddle, but woke up in the morning still wet and freezing cold. So I totally regretted what I had done last night, it was great fun, but I had no idea how to clean up a mess like that. I left my mattress to air off for a few hours and washed the sheets, it all turned out fine in the end and nobody found out, but I was really scared at the time as my room smelt really obvious. Nowadays I am much more careful.

