Memories of teenage experiments

Author: Barry

*000*2016-03-20 22:45

I've told the story before about how when I was a teenager, I would be home alone during the daytime during school holidays, and how one of my chores was doing the laundry. This enabled me to experiment with lots of wettings in private, with a perfect way to hide the evidence. Around the ages of 13-15 especially, as I was starting to understand that my enjoyment of wetting myself was more than just fun, and I was starting to realise that it turned me on for some reason, I started to do it a lot. I didn't master the art of self pleasuring until I was around 15, but I knew that peeing in my pants was sexy and exciting for me. When the wet dreams had started during my 13th year, it was always related to a pee type dream, the same as when I had wet the bed in my younger days, but now I'd orgasm in my sleep instead of pee.

So before I'd learned how to "relieve the pressure" so to speak, I'd experiment a lot with different forms of pants wetting and desperation, and try to relive those nightly dreams. It's no wonder I had so many wet dreams. During the holidays is wet myself multiple times a day sometimes, get really excited during it, but could never work out exactly how to take care of the excitement. It wasn't that I didn't masturbate, but I just didn't reach a "conclusion," so I was spending a lot of time aroused but unfulfilled.

But it was sometime very close to my 15th birthday that I mastered the art, the wet dreams stopped, and I've been practicing ever since lol.

I remember a typical day being as follows. Now I can't say for sure that these recollections are all from the same day exactly, but they are all things I did at some point or another.

I'd get up after my parents had left, around 9:30 or so. More often than not I'd wake up having cum in my pyjamas again during the night. If I was lucky, it wouldn't be on the sheets, but my pants would be crusty. I didn't wear underwear beneath my pyjamas, so they would wear the brunt of it.

I'd check the washing machine and plan my day around how much laundry I could do without being suspicious. If it was empty, I was restricted, as is only be doing my washing and obviously couldn't risk washing everything I had in case I got questioned about it. If there was a build up to do, it was perfect. I could wet a few different things, do a load, then continue on and wet some more before doing a second load.

So I'd hold onto my morning pee while I had breakfast. By the time I'd finished, I'd be bursting to pee, so I would step into the shower and just spread my legs and relax, and really soak my pyjama pants. I wouldn't empty my bladder entirely though, I'd keep some in reserve. I would only have a real quick shower then, just enough to rinse the pee off and I'd get out. This was because I'd want a longer shower afterwards.

I'd put my pee and cum stained pyjamas into the first load to hide the evidence, then start finding other things to wet. My grey school shorts were a favourite. But I could risk having these left on the line or be questioned as to why I was wearing them during the holidays. I'd sometimes wet them and put them in the first load so they'd be dry and packed away before my parents came home.

The same with my speedos. I stopped wearing them when I was about 11, but had received a pair as a gift when I was probably 13. I was too shy to wear them around people, but I loved peeing in them as much as I used to when I was younger. So same thing, wet them early and wash them.

After the first load was on, I'd select other items that showed a wet patch off noticeably. I had light blue, green and red pairs of shorts, and they all showed a bit wet spot off. I'd sometimes wet 2 or 3 pairs at different times. I experimented with all my pyjamas as well. I'd occasionally put another pair on, then sit on the floor on top of a pile of towels and slowly pee my pants as I watched TV.

Grey sweat pants too. I loved sitting on the toilet with my sweatpants on and peeing in them. I also liked to hold on until I was desperate and then "have an accident" as I took the first load off the line.

I had a few lucky escapes, but never got fully caught out during the years of early experimentation.

Anyone else want to share their early experiences?

