Fountain in the Dunes (+bonus)

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-26 16:53

Me and Shadow own a block of four apartments on the coast. One of which we rent out permanently to a family member who looks after them for us and the other three we rent out as holiday homes throughout the year. We go over a few times a year for a holiday. We love the location of them as they are only a 20 minute walk/5 minute drive outside the town centre which is a popular tourist town so its close enough to walk to where all the attractions are but it is far enough away to not be in the middle of everything and have peace and quiet, plus the property is right on the beach which is always quiet.

A few weeks ago we decided to head over for the week as we had been having a hard time and needed to relax. We enjoyed a relaxing week and on the Friday we had been on a boat trip up and round the coast and then had a wander round the town centre and were now walking back along the beach back to the apartment. The beach was really busy with tourists until we passed the caravan park where the crowds thinned out and there were just the odd person sunbathing and dog walkers. We decided to go to the caravan park and go to the pub that was there and get some dinner. We had dinner and played a few games of pool and then went into the amusement arcade.

After an hour in the arcade we came out and called in the shop to get some snacks for the evening and then went back down onto the beach to walk home. As we got onto the beach the sound of the waves crashing on the shore suddenly made me aware of how bad I needed to pee. I had noticed when we were in the arcade but now I had to go really bad. It would only take ten minutes to walk along the beach and back to the apartment but as we walked along the pressure in my bladder seemed to get worse really quickly and within 5 minutes I felt really desperate....which wasn't surprising considering I had not been for a wee since before we left the apartment that morning and I had had quite a lot to drink throughout the day. Shadow noticed something was wrong and asked if I was OK. I nodded and said "yeah I'm fine, i just really need a wee". He laughed and said "yeah, so do i, i was going to go before we left the arcade but I enjoyed the feeling too much".

We walked along and with each step I took my bladder bounced and put pressure on my pee hole. We reached the steps that would take us off the beach and as I stepped up my pee hole twitched like mad and a small drop escaped. As i climbed the stairs my pee hole kept twitching and letting drips escape into my knickers and halfway up I suddenly started leaking. I stopped and crossed my legs to clamp it shut. I regained control of the drips and carried on climbing. My pee hole was twitching like crazy holding back the flood and It felt like any moment it would burst open and let the flood commence. By the time I reached the top I was leaking into my knickers. I could feel the fabric getting soaked as my bladder started to empty into them. I crossed my legs and jammed my hand into my crotch and danced around to try and stop the leaks.

I looked up and found Shadow staring at me and I winked at him, knowing how much my actions were turning him on. I then noticed his legs were shifting and I knew he was probably feeling the same pressure that I was and as i thought about it a spurt escaped my trembling pee hole and shot straight through my knickers and a small wet patch appeared on the front of my leggings. They were light grey so the spot was highly noticeable and Shadow spotted it and upon seeing it grabbed his cock and followed his hand down and saw a wet spot on the front of his jeans. The knowledge that he was starting to lose it was turning me on greatly which wasn't helping me hold it all. A couple more spurts escaped and i finally felt under control and we set off walking again.

We could see the apartment ahead but we still had a 5 minute walk along the dunes to get there. After a couple of minutes my bladder was absolutely bursting full and I felt on the verge of exploding in my knickers. Shadow stopped and grabbed himself and I stopped too. I put my hand down the front of my leggings and rubbed my aching pee hole through my knickers. It trembled under my fingers as i desperately tried to keep it closed just a few minutes longer. We set off walking again and I had to keep stopping because with each step I took a huge spurt escaped. My knickers were now soaked and I had wet marks running down my leggings.

I looked at Shadow's jeans and saw an ever growing wet spot. We carried on walking getting ever closer to home and the relief we desperately needed. Suddenly i stopped dead, my bladder was pushing down hard on my pee hole and I knew I wouldn't make it without having a complete accident. I was about to wet myself and needed to find somewhere to pee otherwise my leggings were going to get a thorough soaking. Before i had chance to say anything Shadow looked at me and said "I think I'm going to have to pee here, I'm about to burst". I nodded and said "so am I, its going to come any second.

He pointed down to the beach where there were people walking and said "we will have to go over there" and pointed to the sand dune behind us. We walked down the dune a little so we were out of sight of the people on the beach and as soon as we were I jammed my hand in my knickers and pushed my finger against my pee hole to prevent any more spurts escaping. Using my other hand I started puling down my leggings and had them halfway down when Shadow said "whoa whoa wait" and pointed to a couple walking along the dune opposite. I reluctantly pulled my leggings back up and turned round so they wouldn't be able to see my hand down my knickers rubbing against my aching pee hole. I watched them slowly walking along admiring the views without a care in the world as i stood there desperately trying not to wet myself.

I glanced over and saw Shadow shifting around trying to look normal and hiding the fact that, like me, was almost peeing. I could feel trickles of pee running down my legs and knew any second it would be a waterfall. They finally passed us and I urged them to hurry up and go around the corner out of sight. The moment they were out of sight I turned round and started pulling my leggings down. I couldn't get them down one handed and I couldn't take my hand off my pee hole without causing a flood. I begged shadow to pull them down. He grabbed them either side of my waist and slowly pulled them down. I begged him to hurry up, dancing around seconds from exploding. He said he liked it when i begged and would only pull them down when i begged enough. All i wanted to do was pee but having to beg him was making me insanely horny.

After begging him profoundly he pulled them down and I squatted down and using my spare hand I pulled my knickers to the side. In that time he had unzipped his jeans and was pulling his cock out. The moment it was free it started spurting and then a torrent of pee exploded out and created a golden arch down the dune. Seeing this made my pee hole open and spurts started hitting my fingers. I pulled them away and the second they moved my bladder burst and pee came gushing out of my pee hole. I spread my pussy open and created an arch like his.

The relief from my bladder was orgasmic and watching both our pee fountains arching into the air was such a beautiful sight. His arch got smaller and smaller and smaller until eventually he finished. A few seconds later my arch died down and became a few spurts until my bladder completely emptied. I sighed in relief and commented on how good that felt. He laughed and said "oh god yes, and you beat me" and pointed down the dune. I looked where he was pointing and saw the puddles where our arches finished and mine was a little further than his.

I pulled my knickers up and the feeling of my pee soaked knickers against my pussy felt amazing. I pulled my leggings back up and as i did i heard him say "god dang". I asked what was up and found him staring at my crotch. I looked down and saw that he was starting at the fact that i had pulled my leggings up and they had made a pee soaked cameltoe. I winked at him and suddenly he stepped forward and his hand ran down my stomach and his fingers ran up my cameltoe. I shuddered as a wave of pleasure shot through me. As his finger slowly ran up and down my knees started going weak and I fell to the floor. He sat down next to me and his hand went down between my legs. It didn't take long of his fingers rubbing against my pee soaked leggings before my body was shaking on the edge of orgasm.

Suddenly he stopped and I moaned at him to continue and before i knew what was happening his tongue was licking against my cameltoe and I came so hard. I just laid back in the sand shaking and moaning as my orgasm ripped through me. Eventually the sensations stopped and came up and kissed me. I could taste my pee on his tongue and it tasted so nice. I sat up and as i did i noticed he hadn't put his cock away since he pee'd and I grabbed it causing him to shudder. I glanced round and when I saw there was nobody around I leant down and licked his pee off his cock and within seconds it erupted cum everywhere. After I licked his cock clean we got ourselves sorted and then walked back to the apartment where we had a rather nice shower together

Bonus!!!

This is a bonus story of something that happened during that week. His sister rang us and said that she and her friend was coming over to the coast and asked if they could come and see us. We said they could and then asked if they wanted to stay over for the night which they said they would. On the morning we had got up and had breakfast then we got a text saying they were setting off and would be there about half 10. We went and had a walk on the beach and when we got back I went for a shower. After i finished I got dressed and then Shadow went for a shower. I was sat on the balcony when my phone rang. They said they were coming down the back road and asked where they should park. I went out the back where the garage is and saw the car coming down the road. When they pulled up I showed them where to park and they pulled into the space.

They got out of the car and Sarah came over to me and gave me a hug and asked how I was. I told her I was fine and she introduced me to her friend. I then asked her about something and she said "i'll chat in a minute babe, first can i use the bathroom cos im dying for a pee, we had too many coffee's this morning and we decided not to stop at the services, which was a mistake cos we've been almost weeing ourselves for the past 20 minutes". I laughed then thought "we?....we've been almost wetting ourselves". It was then I noticed her friend shifting about.

I said "yeah course you can you know where it is". We headed up the garden and she said "why do you have to have the upstairs flat". She got to the top of the stairs and stopped for a moment. She looked at me and smiled and said "just keeping control for a sec". Then she dashed through the living room towards the bedrooms and bathroom and I said "oh....i think matt's still in the shower". She stopped and said "oh god, don't say that". She walked forward and collided with the bathroom door. She knocked on it and shouted "hey bruv, hurry up will ya I'm bursting for a pee". He turned the shower off and said he was almost done.

She came back into the living room and walked out onto the balcony. She leant on the railing and started dancing with her legs crossed. She was wearing daisy duke short shorts and I couldn't help but admire her sexy tanned legs wrapped around in desperation. We started chatting and as she was talking she kept doing that air suck thing that people do when they are desperate and it was turning me on something chronic. Her friend was doing a pee dance too. She suddenly grabbed herself and said "ooooo come on". A few seconds later the bathroom door opened and Matty came out. As he did her friend shouted "first dibs and dashed towards the bathroom". Sarah shouted "you best be quick, i'm seriously about to wet myself". She started talking to Matty and then suddenly dashed towards the bathroom where she banged on the door and said "hurry up babe, i'm starting to pee myself, i'll pee in the sink or the shower i don't care".

The toilet flushed and she moaned and squeezed her crotch moaning about the noise of gushing water. The door opened and she dashed inside without even bothering to close the door. She yanked her shorts down and her knickers and let a torrent loose into the toilet. I stared at her as she emptied her bladder and sighed in relief. She finished and pulled her shorts back up and came back to us like nothing had happened. I was still in disbelief, my mind replaying her desperation over and over in my head. I suddenly realised i must have looked like an idiot in my trance like state then found out what I must have looked like. Sarah had just introduced her friend to Matty who was just stood staring at him. The fact he was just in a towel and was wet from the shower may have been the reason.

Hope you enjoyed these stories, see you all soon xx

*004*2014-10-04 13:24

{{ 

Yet another absolutely incredible tale. And yet another new peeling skill you show off, very impressive range to your peeing now, how far did you send your arc of wee?

}}

Not sure I was too wrapped up in relief to notice :p

*006*2014-10-04 14:15

{{ 

She sent it quite far, i would say about 10 foot, further than mine by quite a bit

}}

And I will always go further

