Movie Theater "Accident"

Author: buggy2013

*000*2015-12-06 19:33

I once planned to have an accident at a movie theater. I was absolutely desperate when I got there so I couldnt back out. I just barely made it to my seat squirming like mad. I wore a knee-high sundress and let it flow around me on the seat.

I squirmed through opening credits and gulped down the large drink I'd bought. Once the movie was starting a little bit came out of me and I almost cried. I tried to remind myself that I was already planning on peeing in my seat, and nobody would know. I was so full it hurt and if I was in a car or any other situation I would be frantic from the need. I finally was spurting a lot and was practically peeing myself where I sat just like a child who refused to stop what they were doing to go potty, so I started letting big gushes go on purpose until I was empty. I knew there was a puddle under my seat when I was done.

I sat in the wet seat for the whole movie, then towards the very end I was full again (not bursting and could have made it to the toilet, but very very full) and just let it spray out of me. I distinctly remember leaning back in the seat and letting go as easily as if I were on the toilet. I leaned my head back and sighed with the release and put a few fingers in the way to feel it gush in a heavy stream over the front of the saturated seat.

I was so turned on at that point that I couldn't help but subtly rock on the seat until the film ended and I rushed out during credits. Leaving the cup on the floor to explain the puddle.

*010*2016-09-05 15:48

To clarify, as I realize now that I look like a jerk for making a mess for someone else to deal with:

It was a decrepit old theater that was closing at the end of the week for total renovation. That's the only reason I dared do something so inconsiderate!

