Male Friend's Desperation

Author: wettingman

*000*2014-08-21 15:46

Normally, I write about either my ex-wife’s pee holding and wetting experiences or my own. I confess getting sexually excited about these stories. This story is different, it does nothing for me sexually, but perhaps those looking for male wetting stories will enjoy it. I have thought about writing about a couple of male experiences I witnessed. As with everything I write here this story is true and as accurate as I can remember. It was 45 years ago.

Stan and I were not part of the cool kids in High school. We were both picked on and bullied, so therefore we avoided the men’s room. I don’t know about him but if someone was present, I could not pee anyway. We were 17 year old senior classmates when this happened.

This one day as members of the photography club we stayed after school to develop some film. We were the only ones in the darkroom that day. As most of the student body left for the day, since I needed to pee particularly bad that day, I used the lull in restroom usage to pee. He did not.

We began our project around 2:30 PM. I quickly noticed he was squeezing himself occasionally with is fingers. At first I ignored it as we worked on preparing to develop the film. Once the door to the darkroom was closed, and the lights turned out the film had to be extracted in total darkness and placed in the first solution before the orange ‘safe lights ’could be turned on. The safe lights will not expose and ruin the film; this took several minutes.

With the safe lights on I noticed he was holding himself almost constantly. Once he began crossing his legs back and forth doing a pee-pee dance, I asked him if he was OK. He replied I have to pee something wicked. I asked him why he didn't go before we closed the door, and he said, "I don’t use the men’s room. If I go home at 2:30 I can hold it, until I get home. Today I will have try to hold it longer”

Once the film was being rinsed we could turn the regular lights on and open the door. It was around 3:30 by this point. He was holding his penis with as much of his hand, as he could, squeezing himself between the palm of his hand and his fingers. He was franticly dancing back and forth. I said you better go to the men’s room, before it’s too late. He replied no I am going to try to hold it until I get home. I noted it didn’t look good, and he admitted his pee felt like it was going to come out.

I did most of the finishing of our project as he was mostly focused on not peeing. I could not imagine him making it home like that, but I had done the same thing on occasion(when I was younger than this I held myself even though I felt like I was going to pee , a few times wetting my pants). In fact most days I held my pee without any external help during the after school activities until I got home. My bladder was stretched and painful but I was OK.

There was a large tub filled with water we were finished with, and I began to dump it out. The splashing water apparently did his sphincter in .He suddenly gasped bent over at the waist crossing his legs tightly, squeezed himself tightly as he could with both hands. His face turned beet red, and then I saw below his hands his pants were getting wet. Pee dripped from his hands. He was groaning with effort, trying to stop the flow, but he continued peeing in his pants nevertheless. He finally stopped peeing, but not before his pants were soaked to the bottom.

He tried to cover his pee accident by grabbing the tub of water from me and ‘accidentally’ dumping the water on himself. He then tied his jacket around his waist, to cover his soaked pants. I guess at least this way he did not smell like pee. We never spoke of the incident.

*010*2014-10-19 12:29

{{ 

There are more than a few high school students who "hold it until they get home", some because they are pee-shy, some because of potential bullying, some because of the smoking and drug use or lack of cleanliness in the school toilets. After-school activities can pose a problem for them!

}}

First I want to thank everybody who posted a response, you positive comments mean a lot.

I too avoided the men's room, holding my pee all day, because bullying led me to be pee shy for years, even after high school. The room was also choked with smoke from dozens of smokers, that left little room for those that wanted to use the toilet. Fortunately , even as a young child I was blessed with a larger than average bladder* . So, by high school I was able to hold it all day , including after school. It hurt like hell, but I never wet myself ; I came close a few times though. In fact sometimes if I held my pee to long I could not go when I tried at home . It took several minutes to get started , and even then my stream was very weak until I was partly empty.

* I remember my kindergarten teacher told my mother I rarely used the bathroom during the 3 hours we were in school. She was concerned I was holding it to much. Fact was I really did not need to go.

I actually was almost able to hold my pee all day 7-4:30 while attending day camp , where getting to use the bathroom was a issue. I was 12 years old then .I usually peed in the pool, but there was a couple of days that the weather did not cooperate. The first time about 3:30 my pee was about to come out, so I went behind a building. I got caught and punished. The next day I didn't dare do that again. I lasted until 4:15 or so, then I wet my pants. It was not visible however , the damage was confined to my underwear, and I regained control.

