It seemed like a good idea at the time...

Author: Infernal

*000*2013-08-07 14:05

Let me preface this story by saying I loathe flying. I'm afraid of heights, and the jostling nature of an airplane combined with the fact that I can't sleep in a sitting position means that long flights are pretty miserable for me.

I've sought advice on this issue and aside from getting a sedative to just knock myself out on the plane, the most sensible advice I got was... get drunk. It seemed to make sense, as I do get quite sleepy when drunk, and the drunkenness would dull the fear and make me more limber and what have you, right? So that was what I decided to do for my flight to Australia. At the flight lounge for my flight, having gotten there two hours early (I am so anal about time and so keyed up about being late that I will allot silly amounts of time to get through baggage inspection and tickets and what have you) I promptly set up my computer, plugged it in, and then bought a few beers from the shop nearby, to start working on as I waited for my flight to be called.

At the time I started drinking I also mentioned to a friend my plan, and he messaged me "Don't forget to drink some water too, then. You definitely don't want to be dehydrated on a plane." Which was also a good point, and so I got two bottles of water to go with my beer, and started drinking down the lot of them as I waited with jittery nerves for boarding to start. I mostly passed the time chatting on Skype, and I felt pretty much fine as time passed, finishing off the last of my beers and then the water. To one of my friends who's also into omo, I remarked just before I signed off, "I'm going to go take a piss and then get in line. I don't want to turn into a desperation story."

Famous last words.

I'm not at all sure why it didn't occur to me that I was going to be filling my notoriously weak bladder with alcohol and water before getting on a plane. I peed just as I had mentioned, and then got in line, the very first person as it was, because as I said I'm anally punctual. So by the time the boarding started, fifteen minutes later... I had to pee again. My seat was at the very back of the airplane, and as one of the first people on, I could easily make a beeline for the last row, put my bags in place, and then take a pee before plopping down in my seat to try and settle down.

Except that we hadn't even gotten everyone on board before I needed to pee again, and I knew from experience that once they had everyone buckled in and started taxiing, they wouldn't let us up and about again until we were well in the air. I also knew that it could take a long long while before that happened... so as I saw most everyone get into their seats and the flight attendants doing the final checks, I sneaked another pee, thanking the stars that my seat was right next to the bathroom, because I could surreptitiously get up, pee, and slide back into my seat to buckle up for pre-flight preparations.

I don't think it could have been more than fifteen more minutes before I felt the urge hit me a third time. And now I was in trouble; we were buckled in, the stewardess' seat was right beside mine, and we were moving around on the tarmac. Swiftly my urge grew worse, with that awful seatbelt snugged in against my midsection, and I knew that this was going to be bad. I barely heard the safety video because I had to pee so badly, and there just wasn't much room to fidget in the airplane seat. The one thing this had accomplished was making me forget my fear of flying, because I was so desperate to pee that I thought I was going to wet myself!

Now, I was in the plane with a bunch of Japanese middle school students, girls sitting all around me. In the stories, it's supposed to be the girls who get themselves into bathroom trouble and squirm around in their seat until they pee and embarrass themselves. Not the grown man who's supposed to know better (and yet spent two hours filling himself with a ton of liquids.) Moreover, the stewardess was so close that I didn't want to embarrass myself by grabbing my crotch and bending over, but my legs just wouldn't stop shifting, and squirming. I couldn't even cross them properly because I had my backpack under the seat in front of me, and we weren't even in the air. Despair gripped me, because I knew we had to get a fair way into the air before they'd let us get up again.

Every rev of the engine was hope in my heart, to wither cruelly as it did not signify the beginning of takeoff. I tried to draw myself into my own little world and focus on nothing but holding, in the vain hope that somehow I'd suddenly come to and we'd be in the air. But no; I had to wait through every torturous minute of that desperation, trying to breathe slowly to relax myself and not appear too out of sorts. I wondered if someone keen on desperation would realize my plight, the discomfort in how I was sitting, the constantly shifting state of my legs. I clasped my hands hard in my lap and used one to hide the other gripping my penis.

It wasn't the kind of pee that sort of built up slowly. It hit me hard and fast, like booze-related desperation does, and I know that when I drink alcohol and break the seal, I'm literally in and out of the toilet every half hour or so, more often if I'm drinking a lot. I've often wondered about people taking advantage of that fact, but this time my own foolishness had put me on this plane, squirming and desperately praying I wouldn't actually pee before the plane got in the air.

Even takeoff, heralding the home stretch, was hardly greeted with hope, for by then I was in such desperate agony that I could think of nothing else but how good it would feel to pee, and that was dangerous. I told myself that the light would go off when the plane had leveled out, and so as long as it was gaining altitude, I couldn't – when suddenly the light went out and I unbuckled my seatbelt and bolted for the toilet before anyone else could move. The plane was still at enough of an angle that I was pressed against the rear wall, but I didn't care - I had to pee too badly to care!

So I managed to avoid an accident, thankfully. Unfortunately for me, all that the booze got me was this desperation story, because by the time the peeing had worn off, my buzz was fading, and I wasn't drunk enough to simply drop off to sleep anymore. I made it through the flight like I make it through most of them, exhausted and grouchy because I can't sleep, but I can tell you that I will never try to circumvent my dislike of flying with booze, ever again.

