Two Desperation Sightings today

Author: pdancefan

*000*2016-01-15 02:33

Hi! I just wanted to you all about two sightings I had today.

The first happened at work this afternoon. It was late in the afternoon, when a man and his young daughter came in. The daughter was about 8 or 9 with dark brown hair. She was wearing black leggings, not the form fitting ones, but the kind that fit rather loosely. They asked browsed briefly, then the girl, with her Dad's encouragement, approached me and asked where the chapter books were. I walked her back and showed her where the kid's section is and returned to the counter.

I didn't pay much attention at first. After a short while, I turned around and could see that the girl had sat herself down on the ledge that runs along the floor on both sides of the store, to browse a book. I noticed the girl's hand was resting in her lap, and I wondered if she was holding herself. Sure enough, just then she slowly stood up with her back to me, and I had a full view of her hand wedged against her crotch between her legs. She finished standing up, and then stood there holding herself for a moment.

She took her hand away, and then put it back again for another moment - as if to make sure the urge to pee had gone off. She then walk forward to where her Dad was browsing a magazine. She showed him the books she wanted to get, and then said she needed the bathroom, and needed it bad. She then walked up to me, and asked me if we had a bathroom. I, of course, (as we are required to do) told her No. Unlike some customers, neither her nor her dad made any comment on my answer. The Dad was still deciding which magazine he wanted to buy, so the girl went over to a display of bookmarks at the end of the magazine rack.

My view was partially obscured but I see she started fidgeting as she stood there. They then came up to the counter and her dad paid for the books and magazine. The girl stood there and rocked from side to side slightly as he paid, but other than that she did not show any pee dance again before they left. Oddly, the Dad did not seem in too much of a hurry to find her a bathroom. He actually commented about how expensive the books she picked were, and said to her (I assume he was joking) that now they would have to stop at the bank before going to dinner!

The second sighting happened this evening. After work, and eating dinner, I took the bus out to the local Wal-Mart store. I was there for about 40 minutes shopping, and then came up to the checkout so that I could catch the last bus home. After I checked out, I saw an old fellow I know sitting on a chair in front of the bank at the front of the store. As I stood chatting with him, I was facing down the front of the store toward the self-checkout lanes. Sure enough, the Wal-Mart employee I told you about before was working the self-checkout lanes again. And again she was clearly in need of a pee. Was she ever!

She definitely had to pee worse than the other time, as she was dancing all-around as she stood at her little podium. She was clearly very desperate to pee. A couple of other Wal-Mart employees walked over to her and talked with her, but I was way too far away to hear anything, so I don't know if anything was said about her obvious need to pee. I had about a 10 minute show of this, then unfortunately had to go out to catch the bus. DAMN! DAMN! DAMN! (lol)

Well, I wish I could say I saw a wetting, but now you see the story of my life - lots of pee dance sightings but never a wetting! (Woes me!)

