Wet cycling tour

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-07-05 21:10

This weekend, I had amazing experience.

I went for a cycling tour with my friend (lets call her Kate). Kate is one year older than I, have short brown hair and big boobs(much bigger than I, I hate it) and she is lesbian. Kate does some kind of professional cycling (at least she says it), so I was expecting I will be exhausted after while. Luckily, she took it into account, so I wasn't :D

When we were in about middle, we were on nice, flat road and going pretty fast. I needed to pee. so I asked her to stop.

K: Why stop?

I: I need to pee.

K: Hold it.

I: I can't.

K: So just let it.

I: I should pee my pants?

K: Yes.

( I was shocked. I like peeing my pants, but nobodoy can't know it. )

I: Are you serios?

K: Yes, that's normal.

I: How normal?

K: It's normal in cycling, if you need to pee during race, you just pee your pant's, nobody cares. (We weren't in race. We went for ride in countriside)

I: No. You kidding!

K: No, just pee.

I: I'm not going to pee my pants unless you will.

K: I needed a while ago.

( I looked at her. She was wearing black leggins, so it was hard to see, but when I noticed, I could see her leggins were totaly soaked )

I: You really peed your pants?

K: Yes, as I said, if you need to pee when cycling, you can just pee your pant's, nobody cares. I normally do it.

I: But what if anybody will see us? And I don't want to sit in your car with wet leggins.

( As I said, I like peeing my pant's, but nobody can't know it. )

K: You have dark leggins, it's hard to see it. And I told you to take another leggins, you have them in car, remember? And I think you're leaking.

( Actually, I had small wet spot between my legs. Something leaks out. I finally decided to pee, she is propably right and nobody will care )

I: Ok, let's do it

I started to pee, while we were still riding pretty fast. It felt so good flowing down the legs.. Kate laughed a bit, so I did too a bit. When I was done, she looked at me and asked: It's not as bad?

I: No, it's OK. Do you pee your pants often?

K: Yes, it's normal.

I: Do you like it?

K: How do you mean it?

I: Are you doing it just because you need and don't want to stop, or just for your pleasure?

K: I, ehm, I have to admit you, I like it a bit.

I: (whispered) omorashi

K: What?

I: Nothing

K: Did you just said omorashi?

I: (nothing)

K: You are in omorashi?

I: You too?

K: (laughing) Yes! At least 4 years

I: That's awesome.

( It really was awesome. We were BFF for at least 5 years and we never figured it out)

Rest of the tour, we were talking about our experiences (I will share some of her in another thread). When we arrived to car, we changed our clothes, during way to my house we decided to make pee holding. No need to tell details, everybody knows it - drinking, holding, drinking, holding, peeing, peeing, peeing.... (She won, bitch )

And that's it. Hope you enjoy it guys.

