Wetting story and a request

Author: Lustful Loki

*000*2014-04-16 01:57

First off, I haven't wet myself in a long time and I would like some suggestions as to what I should do with myself. Comment below or message me.

Secondly, I don't want you to come to this thread and have nothing to read, so I will share a story with you.

I was going to take a shower, so I took off my bra but left my white tank top on, so I could walk to the bathroom. When I walked into the bathroom, I saw my tits, so huge and sexy (DD) with nipples poking against the fabric. The fabric was so thin I could see them in great detail and it made me very horny, so I put some water on my hands and rubbed it on my nipples, and watched the shirt go see through. My pussy was sizzling now, so I did it again, and when the cold water splashed against my breast, I felt a familiar pang in my bladder. I had to piss.

I was even more horny now, and continued to rub water into my shirt until you could see the entirety of both breasts, and some piss squirted into my white panties. I stopped it, then asked my self why? I am going to be showering soon, who cares? So I let it go and it dribbled into my black sweats and down my thighs a bit. I then started the shower, and hoped in, clothes still on. A couple more splashes on my breasts and I was wetting my self, warm currents coursing down my inner thighs to the bathtub.

When I was finished wetting, I let the water run over my and down into my pants, so the shirt was now completely see through and I was so horny, I couldn't help my self. I started to frigg my hardened clit until a moan escaped my lips and I remembered that I don't live alone. So I stopped, and started to actually clean myself. I was still incredibly horny, buy I managed to hold it in until the soap. It was soo sudsy and slippery and lube like that I went to town and I didn't give a damn what anyone thought. I came right there, but managed not to scream, and re-soaped my legs and pussy. (That almost started another round XD) The clothes I had gotten into the shower with and consequently soaked, so I wrapped them in a towel and put them in the laundry room after I got dressed.

*006*2014-04-21 02:05

I like that idea, I do love skyrim, and it is really absorbing. xD

