First contest

Author: Claudias

*000*2015-09-04 14:00

So recently a good friend of mine and I discovered that we shared an interest in omorashi and wetting which is great in its own. We can call her Cassie for privacy reasons. Cassie is tall and slender with Ling hair that's usually dyed, she is gorgeous. She expressed interest in holding at some point so we devised a simple game. We chose a time to stop being able to use the washroom( it started while we were at work) the time we decided on was 2pm this time. The next part was deciding how many drinks you must finish by the end of the work day. We chose three...

So two o'clock rolls around and the fun begins for the next few hours were texting back and forth as we down our drinks throughout the day. Funnily enough we finished work at around the same time both of us actually feeling pretty okay neither of us could feel too muchbuilding up so we decided when we got to our respective homes it was going to get a lot harder. Luckily she only had to walk a few minutes to get home but she messaged me she was starting to feel it. Meanwhile I have an hour and a half commute.

As I'm bussing back I start to feel the need to go which is always made worse when your on transit. We both get to our homes and instanyly it's another drink. We're both really starting to feel it by now as its getting to about 9pm she says she's at abut a 7 now as all the drinks from earlier are catching up and I'm at a 6. I get another message telling me we need to drink another big glass of water. We drink our drinks and continue on for a while gradually the numbers climb until we both get into the 9s. As we both get more desperate it only gets more exciting.she's telling me she's having trouble sitting still on her bed and I imagine her long legs crossing and uncrossing. Meanwhile my own leg is bouncing pretty uncontrollably.

Next thinf I know she tells me that she's at a solid 10 and that she'll lose it soon. By this point I'm doubting I can hold much longer as I can feel so much pressure built up. I end up going to the showerbecause I can feel it's about to happen I'm wearing a pair of old grey boxers so that it shows better. Im standing in the shower maybe 5 minutes before I start to let go. I feel the warmth hit my boxers and start running in streams down my legs and pooling towards the drain the relief feels amazing.I send her the video as I receive a picture of her bed sheet with a big wetspot where she had been sitting. Apperenylt she leaked and had just enough time to snap a shot before she ran to the shower where she held her hand as if trying to stop the pee from just gushing out of her. Her purple panties now drenched and a steady stream coming between her legs it was about the hottest thing I've ever seen.

Just thought I'd mention please don't ask for the photos or videos or anything as that's stuff we'd rather keep to ourselves. Hope you guys enjoy. Hell maybe I'll have another story to tell haha

