Waiting for the Mail

Author: Gemmy

*000*2015-01-29 13:09

Last week I decided to challenge myself. In the past I have done challenges where I have locked my pants up and done things with the key e,g, frozen in it ice, had Matty hide and leave me clues where to find it etc. This time I decided to do something different. Something to make the timing out of my control. When I have frozen the key I could speed up the melting process or when he left me clues sometimes I would find the key easily. This challenge would have me just waiting around. I emptied my bladder at half 6 and got dressed. I put on my white knickers and light blue skinny jeans.

I put my chain through the belt loops and wrapped it around me twice and pulled it tight before wrapping it round in knots at the front. Once it was really tight I locked the chain together with a little padlock then set about starting my challenge. I folded some paper and stuffed it in an envelope with the key wrapped inside. I put a stamp on the envelope and went down the street to the corner and put it in the letterbox in time for the last collection of the day. As I walked back home I got excited at what I was doing. I wouldn't be able to take off my jeans until the post arrived the following morning which could arrive at any time around midday.

Throughout the evening I had a glass of wine with dinner, a cup of tea whilst watching TV and another cup of tea before I went to bed. By the time I settled down to go to sleep I felt the need to pee. My bladder was filling up and as we laid watching TV it continued fill. I started feeling desperate and got excited by the fact I couldn't do anything about it. Eventually I fell asleep. I woke up about 6 am and was feeling really desperate, I wiggled and squirmed for a bit before falling back asleep. I always go to bed late and wake up late and when I woke up the first thing I noticed was my bladder. I was busting for a wee and immediately started squirming. I looked at the time and it was just after 10am. I laid in bed squirming for a while, enjoying the feeling of my full bladder. Matty brought me a cup of tea and went to his office to do some work. I slowly drank my cup of tea whilst squirming as my bladder continued to fill.

After an hour I was absolutely busting. The tea had made its way to my bladder and was pushing me towards 10 on the scale. I was wiggling and squirming like crazy as the pressure in my bladder increased. Waves of desperation kept washing over me making me moan as I kept almost losing little drips into my knickers. The lock on my pants was not only stopping me from going and peeing but was also making me insanely horny. My full bladder was making me so horny and wet but I couldn't touch myself to ease the throbbing and it was driving me crazy. I needed to distract myself from both needs so I decided to get up and do some things around the house. I generally tidied up and all the while pee danced and squirmed in desperation. All the tidying up made me thirsty and I had a glass of water.

10 minutes later I regretted drinking the water. My bladder shot up to 10 and I was bursting for a pee. I couldn't concentrate on anything but my need to empty my bladder. I was so close to wetting myself and danced around the living room holding myself as tight as I could through my jeans. I laid on the couch and held myself concentrating on holding back the flood inside me. I laid there for 15 minutes slowly getting closer and closer to wetting myself. I could feel the pee right at the tip of my pee hole and I knew it wouldn't be long before it started to trickle out. After a few minutes it happened. A wave of desperation hit me and my pee hole opened and a few drips dampened my knickers. I stood up and danced like crazy with my legs wrapped around one another. As I stood there I saw something that got me so excited. I saw the postman at the house across the street.

I realised he was going the wrong way. My street is a dead end and he goes up one side and comes down the other. It depends which side his bundle has been sorted. He was going up the other side first. Realising this made my need so much worse and some more trickled out. I stood dancing around waiting for him to come back down. The trickles kept getting bigger and suddenly a wave hit me and I leaked. I felt my knickers get wet and I clamped my hand between my legs. A few more leaks escaped and I was begging out loud for him to hurry up. A big leak escaped and this one made it to my jeans. I felt my fingers dampen and looked down to see a little wet patch on my crotch. I was stood by the window and by the time I saw him going up the drive next door the wet patch on my jeans had grown considerably.

I watched as he put our mail in our letterbox on the front gate and as soon as he walked off I ran to the front door to go and get it. I pulled the front door but it was locked. I looked around frantically for my house keys and found them and quickly opened the door. I ran down the drive and fumbled with the keys trying to find the mailbox one. I had to keep stopping and grabbing myself every time a wave of desperation hit me. I eventually opened it and grabbed the mail. I ran back inside and found the letter with the key in it. I ripped it open and grabbed the key. Without the aid of my hand pressing on my pee hole I was leaking uncontrollably. I quickly undid the lock and fumbled around as I danced and crossed my legs trying desperately to undo the knots. Eventually they came open and I pulled the chain out of my jeans. I dropped it on the floor and grabbed myself again.

Suddenly the lack of chain and the fact I could now undo my jeans seemed to make the pressure in my bladder increase. A spurt shot out of my pee hole and soaked my knickers. I stood dancing for a moment until I regained control. I set off upstairs. Each step up made me leak. Now my jeans were soaked around the crotch. I reached the top of the stairs and dashed towards the bathroom to take my much needed pee. I hit the door and It wouldn't open. I frantically tried the door and heard movement behind me.

I turned round and found Matty standing there smiling. He told me he had locked the bathroom door. I squirmed and moaned and asked him where the key was. He tapped his pocket and said “one of the keys is in here”. The other one I put in the mail, did you check all the mail”. I spurted some more into my knickers and moaned. The knowledge he had put the key into a letter which was now sat downstairs turned me on so much. I hobbled back downstairs slowly losing control and soaking my knickers.

I picked up the mail and found the other letter in between the rest of the mail. I ripped it open and found the key. I dashed back upstairs and fumbled at the bathroom door dancing as I leaked into my knickers. I got the key in the lock and turned it. I heard the click as the door opened and my bladder must have heard it too as she contracted and a huge wave of desperation flooded my body. My pee hole opened and I started to wet myself. I clamped my legs shut and held myself tight. I managed to stop the flow. I looked down and saw streaks down the front of my jeans. I managed to regain control and ran into the bathroom. I quickly undid my jeans and the moment I pulled them down I lost control again and this time it was unstoppable. It came gushing out and I quickly sat down on the toilet and let it go through my knickers. I moaned out in relief as my bladder emptied. It went on for ages and I sat back enjoying the wonderful feeling.

Eventually I finished and I just sat there enjoying the feeling of my soaked knickers clinging to me. If I hadn't been on denial I would have made myself cum right there and then. It would not have taken much. I kicked off my jeans and jumped straight in the shower with my knickers on. I loved the fact they were now yellow. I showered and got dressed and tidied up my stuff and went off to do some work. I decided that it was the best way to do that challenge and will definitely do it again in the future.

*004*2015-01-29 20:51

{{ 

WOW! really enjoyed reading this story Gemmy, can't believe you posted the key, you're crazy (in a good way) also liked the idea of freezing it, whitch made chuckle.

}}

I love freezing the key, freeze one key in a big block of ice then when im ready lock the padlock and take the ice and wait for it to slowly melt, depending on the sixe of the ice block it usually takes between 3-5 hours, its a lot of fun

