Kinky Girlfriend

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-03-22 19:21

(As always, it's been a few years so the conversation won't be 100% correct, but it is as close as I remember and the pieces that aren't are as close as I think it happened if not 100% accurate.)

After my few experiences with Girlfriend #1 (Red) that I've already told about I dated a few other girls. I tried to cautiously bring up the subject of wetting if the timing was right but none of them responded in any way that led me to continue the subject with them. So it was a few years later that I started dating a new girl who turned out to be pretty kinky and open minded to anything. She was also a redhead and looked a little like an actress whose name I forget - a second level actress, not someone super famous. She was a senior in high school and I was a freshman in college. We met over ICQ, the old internet chat application and hooked up from there and started dating.

We had been dating for a couple of months, had been having sex, done everything else, etc. so we were to the point where we knew each other well and were more open about things. We were in my truck driving back to her place after being out somewhere when the topic of kinky things we like somehow came up. We both shared a few "normal" things - schoolgirl outfits, public sex, things like that.

Finally I got up the nerve and added, "And it's sexy when girls need to go to the bathroom." I was nervous and my heart was pounding, scared how she would respond.

She said, "Ooooo, you want me to pee on you? Like watersports?"

I replied, "No, not like that. Not watersports so much. Just like normal, have to go to the bathroom desperation, and not being able to hold it and having accidents."

She said, "Oh. Ok. That's cool. Whatever floats your boat. It doens't bother me." Phew. That helped me relax a little.

I looked over at her and smiled and said, "Really?"

She smiled back, "Really. In fact, you wanna know the last time I peed my pants?"

I said, "Yeah, sure." My heart started beating faster again, only this time with arousal at the thought of her peeing herself.

She said, "Yesterday."

I replied, "Yeah, right."

She laughed. "Ok, so it wasn't yesterday. But it wasn't that long ago. Right before we started dating, actually."

She waited then, watching me, waiting for a response. I glanced over, "And?"

She laughed, enjoying teasing me. "What? You want to hear the rest?"

I said, "Yes I want to hear the rest," I had to shift a little in my seat to make room for my growing erection, "and be detailed." She smiled back and me and winked, glancing down at the growing bulge in my pants.

"Well," she started, "I was at school and it was like 6th period and I started to need to pee but couldn't get out of class. Then I didn't get a chance before 7th period."

I interrupted her, "What were you wearing?"

She asked, "What? Oh. Sure. I was wearing jeans and a sweater 'cause it was cold. And panties that day." (She sometimes went commando.)

"Thank you." I said, "Proceed."

She continued, "Ok, so it was after 7th period and we had band practice that day and by the time I got out of class and to my locker and to the band room we were about to start so I only had time to grab my horn and didn't get to go to the bathroom then either.

"So we had our practice and the whole time I have my legs squeezed together because I have to pee and it kept getting worse and worse. I seriously wanted to get up and run to the bathroom but we didn't have a long time left to go so I kept holding it.

"By the time practice was over I still had to go but it didn't feel as bad so I decided to just go home, which was stupid. So I'm driving home and start to have to go really bad again. I have to use one hand to grab my crotch and all that to keep from wetting myself in my car seat. I should have just stopped at a gas station or something but I just kept going.

"I got to where I was a few minutes from home and I'm like almost crying and shaking and seriously about to lose it. Then I felt a squirt come out. And I was like, "Shit!" you know? I managed to hold on without any more coming out and got home.

"I parked, jumped out of the car holding myself with one hand, trying to get my keys out of my purse with the other hand, and started to move to the door when I just lost it and couldn't hold it any more and just totally pissed myself standing next to my car in the driveway in front of the house where neighbors could have seen me."

I looked over at her and said, "That's really hot. I wish I could have been one of your neighbors watching it happen."

She laughed a little and said, "I can see that," gesturing down to the bulge in my pants. She reached over and began rubbing my over the top of my pants. "I don't think anyone saw it, though. I hope not, anyway. I'm just glad my folks or my brother weren't home to see me come in the house in pee soaked jeans."

I said, "I would love to see you in pee soaked jeans."

She said, "Yeah? Hmmmm..." as she rubbed me harder and faster, "You wanna know what it felt like?"

I moaned, "Yes..."

She leaned closer to my ear and whispered in a very sexy voice, "It felt all hot and wet as it ran down my legs and soaked my ass..."

I whispered, "If you don't stop that I'm going to have wet pants for a different reason."

She said, "Oh, yeah? We wouldn't want that would we?" She squeezed me hard and then let go, straightening back up in her side of the seat.

After that I noticed I had been pressing the gas pedal harder the whole time and was driving well faster than the speed limit. I didn't care. We kept speeding back to her house, found it empty of the rest of her family, and proceeded to have amazing sex in her living room where we could see out the window for any of her family driving home.

But that was only the beginning.

