In the park

Author: okay

*000*2015-09-19 20:29

This will be the first story I have ever written, so feel free to criticize. This is also based on a real life experience I had so enjoy!

During my sophomore year of highschool I became really close friends with this girl named Nikki. Nikki was a lot taller than me, she was 5'10". I was only 5' 6" (pretty short compared to the other guys in my school.)

Nikki was white and she had very long hair. Her hair would go down all the way to her butt and her hair was brown. She was slim, but not too skinny. She wore glasses, the glasses she wore was similar to hipster glasses.

The left picture describes her the most, although she didn't smoke cigarettes or wear heels. (Also, obviously was not the model in the picture.)

I had a very close relationship with her but, unfortunately I was friendzoned (I think?) She used to like me but I kind of assumed that she just gave up on the crush. We would hang out almost every weekend, it would of been everyday but the town that we lived in didn't have sidewalks so we would have to walk on the road and it wasn't too safe to walk on a road. Plus, I would normally be really tired after school so I wouldn't hang out with her too much after school. Also, I didn't like to ask my parents for a ride to her house because I personally liked walking and I am sure she did, too.

(Her house was 2 miles away from me, we would meet halfway, so we would both walk 1 mile to meet up with each other in the center and then walk to her house, so technically we both walked the 2 miles.)

//So that was the background of the story, I will start the story now.

So on this particular day, (a weekend pretty early on in June, so it was pretty warm) we decided to meet up. We went to her house and we talked for a bit and we did whatever we would normally do. (Could vary: sometimes we would play fight, talk about her life, or just do whatever seemed fun in her house which wasn't a lot.) So I normally got really bored whenever we just stood in her house and just talked, so I would always recommend we go to the park.

Now the "park" wasn't exactly the parks you see in the main city which has people walking all over and people do barbecues and such. We would go to our school recess area. She lived very close to our intermediate school and an elementary school. So, if you ever had a recess time during elementary school you would know whats there. There were wood chippings on the ground for the floor, a swing area with 6 swings and the main area of the playground which was also pretty small which included 2 slides, a small little bridge, and a roofed circle area.

Similar to this:

So before we went, Nikki wanted to change. She wanted to twin because she told me that we have the same pants. I was wearing khaki short pants and a white plain t-shirt. (Pretty stylish, I know.)

Her shirt and pants were extremely similar to this:

So she changed and we walked towards the "park" which was like 2 minutes away. We talked on our way there and when we finally got there we started swinging. Now we would always jump off the swings whenever we got really high (completely not safe, would recommend it though was tons of fun.) So after like the 9th time she jumped off she wouldn't get stand back up, so instantly I got worried and jumped off my swing and asked her if she was okay.

She told me she really had to pee, so we need to go back to her house fast. (Now being the type of person I am, my goal was to make her pee herself. I am sure she knew that I would probably mess with her after she told me)

So we start walking back and I start pushing her and trying to trip her. Shes tells me ("Stop Brandonnnn, I am going to peee! If I pee I have to go shower, again.") It didn't really didn't seem that she minded having to shower again, so of course I continued. I then got one good trip on her and she fell and she peed a bit. She got up and had a small wet patch on her. I told her that her pants are wet and she told me "I know, dumbass. Well there is no point in going home, now." (Isn't she nice, she called me a dumbass.) So we were right by the main road and we decided to just turn around because she didn't want cars to see her. So we got closer to the park and she told me she was just going to pee. So she just started peeing through her pants and a puddle started forming under her on the cement. (She had no clue I was turned on by this so I had to pretend like I wasn't extremely interested on what was happening.) So, I exclaimed "Ewww grosssss, whattt theeee fuckkkkk nikkiii!"

So she continues to pee for like 30 seconds, and after she says "Well, this is disgusting. what should I do?" I recommend that we just go back to the park and just keep swinging. She gives me a really angry look and says "yaaaa fuck you, we are going to go home." So we walk home and she just leaves a dripping trail of pee behind her. I try to convince her that she has an advantage now because she can pee whenever she wants. She ignores me though throughout our whole walk back.

So we get back to her house and her mom and sister and just sitting on the couch. They look at her and her sister starts laughing and her mom asks her "What happened?" even though it is very clear on what happened. So Nikki tells her she peed and she walks to the bathroom. I go and sit down on the couch next to her sister and I retell them what happened.

It was a great day :) We still even joke about what happened even till this day.

Friend and I went to park, i tripped her and she peed

