First wetting!

Author: StrykerZ

*000*2013-07-11 06:29

I've been on this sight for quite some time and I haven't contributed anything other than a few comments, so I though I would share one of my very few wetting stories! This is the story of the first wetting I ever had purposely.

Since I was little (probably 8ish or so) I had always been interested in this kind of stuff and always watched videos on youtube or stories from the internet, but I never knew it was a fetish. When I finally discovered about Omorashi and this website (with was when I was 13), it made me even more thrilled to have such a great fetish. After a while of reading other peoples experiences and videos I decided that I should try and wet myself! Finally, sometime soon (I can't remember when exactly) I had the house to myself for a few hours and I knew this would be my big chance to finally try it.

The first thing I did was drink lots of water during the day to make sure I had to go. I wanted to keep cleanup to a bare minimum since I knew my family would be home later that day so I decided that the best way to do it was just wetting an old pair of shorts (I say old because they barely even fit me) and just sit over the toilet and let it go, and that is exactly what I did.

After a while I was very excited and also very desperate, I quickly ran up stairs and changed into the shorts and then went and sat down on my open toilet, with nothing but the shorts and my boxers on as I didn't want to chance getting my shirt or socks wet as I was very paranoid at the time that everyone would find out. Not even 30 seconds after I sat down I just relaxed and just let it all out into my shorts as it flowed out into my shorts before before cascading down to my ass and slowly dripping out into the toilet below.

As I sat there and wet myself I knew that I had to do it again and that it was one of the best things that ever happened to me that day. After I had finished I threw my wet shorts and boxers into the wash and laid on my bed. I was so thrilled and excited that I decided to try something else new that day...which I also enjoyed very much and I still do...for both things that is.

I hope you all enjoyed my mini-story and I will surely post more in the future!

