London Desperation

Author: 123Jaz

*000*2015-01-11 21:24

Hey guys! I haven't posted in ages! Have you missed me? So anyway, this doesn't have a proper wetting in it, so don't be disappointed! I have a few stories from London so if this one goes down well I'll think about posting another (:

Just before Christmas my father, brother and I went to London for some last minute shopping and to go to a concert! My dad picked me up at lunch time (12:30) and then we picked my brother up and started our journey to London, since we were staying there a few days we drove up. Ordinarily the journey to London wouldn't have been quite so long, but there was a lot of traffic around, I guess because people were going to London for Christmas shopping or going to see relatives and what not. 

But anyway the normal two hour journey somehow turned into a five hour journey! My dad didn't wanna stop the whole time and I hadn't peed yet that morning so without anything to do I started drinking a lot without realising it and then I started to get twinges in my stomach around not even an hour into the journey. I thought 'Oh great, my dad doesn't want to stop and here I am needing the loo', not only did my dad not want to stop but we were in the middle of the motorway with no service stations coming up. So I just tried to sit still and I plugged my headphones in and tried to relax and not squirm.

This was all pretty easy to begin with because I didn't really need to pee that bad and I'm good at holding my pee and not making it obvious. But within about two hours I really really needed to pee and there was still another two hours left of the journey. With no toilets in sight I asked my dad to put on the Madness CD, my excuse being for preparation for the concert, so we could dance along to the music in hope that if either my brother or dad noticed my squirming and if they did they'd pass it off for dancing. So I let myself squirm as much as I could whilst we were all dancing. But this didn't last long, the CD itself was only an hour long and we didn't dance the entire hour, so I still had about an hour and a half left to go of the journey.

I spent the following hour and a half with my legs awkwardly crossed (because my legs are long and there isn't that much space in my dads car) with my hands jammed in between my legs. Luckily my brother had fallen asleep by then and because my dad was driving in the front and I was sat behind him I don't think he could've possibly seen what I was doing because he couldn't turn around and the mirror only showed from my neck upwards. Waves of desperation began to hit me frequently and they got worse each time. Eventually when there was about half an hour left massive waves were hitting me and it kept making me jolt forward so I uncrossed my legs and put my hand up against my vagina, pushing my palm against my pee hole. I leaked a tiny bit in this time, not so it was noticeable on my black leggings but I could feel it on my panties. I liked the way the wet material was clinging to my clit, so I sneakily gave a rub to my very wet (from more things that one) pussy every so often.

When we reached the hotel (which was the same one that we had been to the year before when we came) we carried all our baggage in and my dad went up to the lady and asked for our room key but the lady at the desk said there wasn’t a reservation under our name. My dad got angry and sat down and started to look through his phone to find the room conformation email. He spent ten minutes doing this whilst I stood next to him awkwardly bobbing about. I looked around the lobby for a toilet but the toilet was all the way at the other end of the hotel restaurant and I was sure that my dad was about to find the reservation and then we could go upstairs and I could pee up in our hotel room. Anyway, it turned out that my dad had just assumed that he had booked the same hotel as last year and he hadn’t, in fact he’d booked a hotel about twenty minutes away!

So we all pilled back in the car and my dad started driving to the actual hotel. This time my brother was wide awake after having just being awoken to go into the hotel, so I couldn’t noticeably hold myself and I definitely couldn’t rub myself. So I went back to awkwardly crossing my legs with my hand in between them - this is how I usually sit anyway, so it wouldn’t have looked unusual if my brother had looked over but him and my dad were playing eye spy so he was looking out the window the entire time.

By the time we got the actual hotel I thought I was actually going to explode. Whilst my dad checked us in I bobbed about, trying not to look too much like I need to pee. Unfortunately, it took ages because my dad was asking about the parking and if it was better to pay for their parking which had a proper gate or park on the London streets. After he chose it took him a while to pay for everything and then the person at the desk gave us the low down on when the breakfast ran.

Then we got into the lift - thank god for lifts, if I had to walk up the stairs I probably would’ve wet myself right then and there. Luckily we were only on the second floor and our room was relatively near the lift so it wasn’t long before we were in the hotel room.

When we got into the hotel room my brother ran straight into the toilet so I had to sit on my bed and wait, the whole time having to hear him pee really noisily. This absolutely drove me crazy and my need seemed to double. Luckily though, my dad stepped out of the room to ring his fiancée to tell her that he had arrived safely and since my brother was in the bathroom it left only me in the room so I sat on the bed with my legs tightly closed and my fingers pushing through my leggings to close up my pee hole. As the waves hit me hard I started to leak a tiny bit, I could feel the warm pee against my fingers and it turned me on so much, so I gave myself the old little rub here and there.

When my brother finally came out the bathroom I practically ran into the bathroom with my hands still between and tried to very quickly pull down my leggings and panties. I managed to pee quite a bit whilst I was doing so and almost forgot to pull my panties down. I peed forcefully for about a minute and a half. Later that night I had some fun whilst I was in the shower, remembering what had happened earlier.

*002*2015-01-11 21:52

{{:

Nice story can't wait to hear the others.

}}

Thank you very much! (:

*004*2015-01-11 22:03

{{:

Very nice story, and very well written.

Thank you very much!

}}

Oh my! Thank you! I'm never really sure if I'm writing things in a good way to read them!

You're welcome :3

*006*2015-01-11 22:52

Oh my! Thank you so much! I think I will! I'll write it up when I next have time, which may take a few days! Oh my gosh thank you!!

*008*2015-01-11 23:06

{{:

You are most welcome, all the stories I have read of yours i have read more than once because they are not only really good stories which i enjoy but they are very well written making them fun to read.

}}

Oh wow thank you! That's such a compliment! I'm never sure of the way to write these things :/ but I'm glad I'm writing them well!

*011*2015-01-11 23:15

{{:

Absolutely loved this story, you described the situation brilliantly. Well done on making it to the loo without people seeing how desperate you were, I bet the relief was incredible

}}

Thank you! I'm glad I describled it well! Thank you! I kept thinking someone was going to realise but it was okay! The reliefe was amazing!!!

{{:

You certainly are so keep doing what you are doing :) x

}}

Will do! Thank you so much!x

*013*2015-01-12 00:02

{{:

I'm certainly not disappointed! Another fantastic and really well written experience. Your first round of stories certainly made an impression on me, so yes, I'd certainly say that you've been missed. I'd love to hear of your other London stories!

}}

Thank you so much! I'm going to work on writing them out and putting them up when I next have time!

*015*2015-01-12 00:26

{{:

You're more than welcome - it's a pleasure to read them! It's even better because I can relate to the places and situations that you're describing - I'm already looking forward to the nest instalment :-)

}}

Awww thank you! Good! I hope I don't let you down!

*019*2015-01-12 23:05

{{:

Welcome back :)

Another lovely account. It was a pleasure to read it! It is well written and flows (pun definitely intended :P) well.

So thanks for sharing!

}}

Thank you very much!!

{{:

Great story, and the fantastic beginning to what was hopefully a fun trip!

}}

It was a fun trip!

{{:

Interesting, sounds like you have a hugely long 'plateau' phase of desperation (which is very nice!). Many people (like me...) have a pretty short phase of desperation, I think. In your case, it appears your bladder already makes you feel an urge to pee when it isn't really that full yet. Or it could be that you hadn't been drinking a lot and you were only filling up very slowly.

Either way, thanks for sharing!

}}

Yeah that happens a lot actually, I always feel like I kind of need to pee, but I know when I actually need to pee! Thank you very much!

*022*2015-01-13 18:52

{{:

I know that feeling, particularly in the morning. I've often got less than an hour into a three hour (or more) car journey before feeling that I need to go quite badly, from absolutely nothing when I set off - yet managed to get there ok, and wait quite a while longer after that, with it getting steadily worse but not as quickly as it did initially! (If that makes sense...)

}}

I wasn't even really drinking anything that's why I didn't get why I needed to pee so bad! Hahaha, it must have just been a gradual thing!

*024*2015-01-13 23:07

{{:

Just think how much more fun it could have been if you had kept yourself properly hydrated then!

}}

I'm pretty sure I would've weed all over my dads car, that would not have been fun!

