Past Experiences

Author: Crazycoon12

*000*2011-04-23 07:53

Now I've been interested in Omorashi even before I knew what it was. Way before that. As such I've paid much more attention to any possibilities of witnessing an actual wetting or even just a hint of true desperation. I figured I'd post a few of my own experiences with the wonderful world of Omorashi. I never tried writing about this before so bare with me if I'm not all that great at it.

I'll start off writing one story at a time, this one being my first, and continue into the situation I'm in today (which involves actually having a girl willing to hold it for me!

I dunno how often I'll try to write a new one, but if you guys are interested I'll try to make it frequent.

Anyway, I think I'll start back in Kindergarten. It's as far back as I can remember anyway. That year I had my first encounter with the opposite sex. In my old Kindergarten class, the bathrooms were in a small hallway that served to connect two separate classrooms together. Often these two classes would associate with each other, since classes of the same grade level were always next to each other. I;m off topic though, just to paint an accurate picture it's a normal sized classroom, desks and all that stuff, but there's a hallway on one side of the classroom that leads to two bathrooms and another class that has the same structure of the first classroom, but opposite.

Basically, both classes shared two bathrooms. Now I don't remember if these bathrooms were supposed to be girls and boys, but it never seemed to make a difference to us. We always used whatever bathroom was open. This is how it happened though. One day I asked to go to the bathroom and went to go. Now I'm fairly absent minded now, so I was nearly brain dead when I was five. Needless to say I didn't knock for the bathroom, I just tried to open the door. I would expect it to be locked if someone was inside. Well it wasn't locked...and there was someone inside.

A girl from the other class was sitting on the toilet. Her pants around her ankles, and she was in the middle of peeing. I was a bit taken aback when I saw this, both of us were too stunned to react very quickly. I could make out the sound of her pee splashing into the toilet, but the second she saw me she managed to stop. For a second we both stared at each other. It felt like I stood there with the door ajar for an eternity, but in reality it was probably only a few seconds. She blushed a deep red and I'm sure I did the same, then slowly I moved my body outside and closed the door.

Needless to say she said something to her teacher, but I don't remember getting in trouble or anything. I mean it was an accident after all. I can't say I remember much else. I do remember her name though, but not much else about her. I was fairly shy early in my Kindergarten year, so I likely avoided her, especially after that! I probably felt embarrassed that I had seen what I had, though I likely didn't fully understand why.

Well that experience was my first with girls and with peeing. I suppose this may have been the whole start of my little wetting fetish. Sorry this story is so short, and honestly looking back it doesn't seem all that interesting, but it's where everything began for me. If you guys are still interested in hearing more, just let me know. Positive feedback will likely determine how soon I'll recount another story, that is if anyone desires it.

