Late at night, at work

Author: weakbladder

*000*2013-05-01 07:45

As I right this, I cannot believe what has happened.

First some background. I work 2 days a week at a hotel doing the grave yard shift for extra money. Since i'm moving soon i've given my two weeks and tonight is my last night. I have a holding contest tomorrow with a friend so I wanted to practice a little tonight. So I sipped at coffee and water and slowly began to fill up.

The last person with a reservation checked in so I really kicked back and got into my hold. I'm all alone here so I didn't mind visibly holding it. Even though there are camera's, who would watch the 3:00 AM tape.

So I'm all alone and I'm getting quite desperate. My legs are tied up and I'm bouncing around when someone comes in and he asks if there is a bathroom. The hotel I work at is tiny so we only have a single stall bathroom. I give him the key and he goes in. Mean while things start to get serious for me. I'm really struggling to hold on. All the while i'm talking to my friend online who is telling me about the time she peed in her friends sleeping bag. Was not helping.

I start explaining to my friend how desperate I am when she says "Just go in your pants. The thought of the relief is so powerful I nearly lose control. I protest to her but she tells me that "No one will notice." and that my pants will dry. Finally she says "You gotta do what you gotta do" Now thinking about possibly giving up has made it even harder to control. Suddenly a huge spurt escapes into my panties and jeans. There is now a small spot on my pants. Just then I see the bathroom user and he walks by me and thanks me. On the verge of loosing it I BOLT for the bathroom. And by bolt I mean hobble with my legs squeezed together.

I get there, I reach for the door. Its locked. I forgot to get the key back from the guy. I run back to the lobby but he is gone. Then for some reason I go back to the locked bathroom door but as I reach it i lose control. It all floods out and I almost instantly orgasm.

When I come to I realize what is going on. Its 3 in the morning. I'm at work, now with SOAKED jeans and no change of clothes. I Have 4 hours left in my shift.

I walk back to the desk peering around corners to make sure no one is there. When I return to my computer my friend has abandoned me at the worst possible time.

And thats about where I am so far. Its 333 and I'm sitting on a towel on top of a stool praying no one comes down and needs an extra pillow while hoping the pee stains in my pants dry. I really am pretty much with out a clue what to do, so If you should read this in the next few hours please leave some advice. I really need it.

Thanks,

WeakBladder

*011*2013-05-30 20:01

I just let my pants dry. By the time someone came in they weren't too noticeable. But I smelled like pee.

