How I met my ex

Author: pyromaniac

*000*2015-08-05 22:39

This experience happened back in October so I don't really know how it's taken me so long to post about it. I kinda wanted to wait until I could get her side of the story, but then even after I did I still didn't get round to it. We broke up a little over a month ago so I suppose now is as good a time as any. It's not the most incredible story because it was so sudden, but it's the only wetting I've ever witnessed.

So a few days before, I'd met her at a sports club at my uni. We got talking in the pub afterwards and spent a while chatting, so she was already on my radar. Then she came along to a weekly union night that most sports clubs go to to drink cheaply, socialise and then dance to terrible music. She was wearing a white dress with a black cardigan, black leggings and red flats. We got talking again, bought drinks, danced a bit, talked more, made out, drank more, etc. Later in the evening she suggested we head back to hers. While I was living about 30-40 mins walk from campus, she was living in halls which were about 15 minutes walk from the union, so it was the obvious choice. I can't remember exactly how often she'd peed since we'd been together, but she definitely didn't go immediately prior to us leaving because we pretty much walked out right after she suggested it. After getting our coats, we headed out into the cold (not that I remember feeling the cold, we were both pretty wasted).

We talked on the way back, and she was pretty chatty. For the first 10 mins, I wasn't aware of any desperation. I don't think she was either. Then it must have hit her suddenly, cos she went from being quite talkative to pretty much silent. I asked her if she was okay and she said something along the lines of 'Yeah, I just really have to pee'. At this point we were about 50m from the 24hr library, which has toilets in it. I told her we could go in there, but she said that the doors this side of the building lock at 10pm (I didn't actually believe her at the time but I later found out she was right). I really wasn't aware of quite how badly she needed to go, because she didn't even make it as far as those doors.

We were still walking, and then she dropped behind slightly. I turned to see where she went and saw her a few paces behind, still walking towards me, but now peeing her leggings freely (and really quite heavily) whilst pretending nothing was happening. She made a weak attempt to gesture to a puddle like she'd just stepped in it, but both of her cute red shoes were obviously overflowing with pee, and as she walked it sploshed out ahead of her in streaks across the pavement. Even to someone as drunk as me, it was blatantly obvious that she was wetting herself, but ever the gentleman, and not wanting to ruin the evening, I just pretended I hadn't noticed!

When we made it back to hers I immediately went to the bathroom and deliberately spent ages in there, and by the time I came back she had changed and the ruined shoes were nowhere to be seen. We ended up having some great sex and got together a week or two after that. I wouldn't say it massively influenced things between us, but I did gain a certain kind of respect for her for maintaining her composure whilst losing control and completely soaking herself in front of a near stranger.

I only spoke to her about this towards the end of our relationship, after I came out about my fetish. She was enournously embarrassed about it, even though she admitted she knew I must have known. I asked her about it but she didn't really say much more, other than that she was very drunk, it happened quite suddenly, and she thought she could get away with it if she carried on walking.

At the same time as me talking about my fetish, she did willingly pee her knickers in front of me, but that was the only other time we explored things before our relationship ended. I hope you enjoyed this story. I only wish there'd been more of a build up, but in reality the whole thing happened in about a minute!

