My Third Witnessed Wetting

Author: Halflife77

*000*2013-01-15 11:45

For more of a back story, see my previous experience posts here and here

. Anyway, on to story:

My last day of freedom before my trip, and coincidentally the third day that I was to experience some pee play. This time Lindsay and I had actually planned to do something sexual and given that my interests were now out in the open, she was expecting and planning to wet. She wanted to do something really special that I wouldn't forget about for a long time (and it seemed to have worked given years later I still remember it vividly) and I certainly had no qualms with that plan.

After discussing a few things on the phone (including the above topics), I drove over to her place to pick her up as we planned to spend some time together, go on a date of sorts before eventually leading to something of sexual nature. Even though we had only been together for about 6 months at this point, when she stepped out of the front door of her house I knew I was in love as she seemed to really know me given the outfit she had on was pretty much the epitome of hot to me, in my "humble" opinion. On her feet were a pair of flat black, 3" high heels complimented with short white frilly socks. She wore a rather short and tight blue jean miniskirt, probably extending about 2" below her crotch yet still tasteful enough that she wasn't going to be flashing her panties to anyone unless she sat wrong. Above the skirt was a dark green v-neck t-shirt and she'd put on some nice stud earrings with just a dabble of make-up; light lip gloss and a little eye shadow.

Given that my parents were home we decided that we'd wait until later for any kind of fooling around and we'd look for an appropriate place then. I don't know why, but "our spot" didn't seem to be somewhere we liked to fool around after dark. I'd wager it was probably due to the darkness of the thick woods however we would later do things in areas darker yet bring flashlights with us. In the meantime, we drove into town to have lunch in the park. After lunch and during our ride back to my house where we were going to meet up with some of our friends to just kind of hang out and eventually a cook out (it being my last day and all, I'd be kind of dick to not have some form of last "hurrah" with my friends). It was on the ride back to my house that the topic of later came up with Lindsay asking:

"So what can I do to make this really sexy for you?"

"You already look incredibly sexy." I replied, without missing a beat.

"Awww...really though, is there anything I can do to make this sexier?" she cooed, blushing slightly.

"Having really sexy underwear on would be a good start." I responded, matter-of-factly as I was really stoked just to have her wetting for me.

"Will these do?" she answered, spreading her legs and tugging her skirt up as she turned to show me. "Oh, and my bra." she said, pulling the side of her shirt up to reveal her bra.

I turned to take a quick glance which turned into a stare that almost resulted in me driving off the road as I took in what she was wearing under her outfit. Her panties were white cotton bikinis with a little blue repeating floral pattern on them. Her bra was a white demi with white lace accents...her underwear matched, but obviously weren't from the same set.

"Keep your eyes on the road! Jesus..." she exclaimed, commenting on my jerking the wheel back on track to avoid driving off the road.

"It would be easier if you weren't distracting me with hotness!" I replied, laughing as Lindsay just rolled her eyes.

As I pulled the car into my driveway, Lindsay continued,

"Well, I have to pee a little bit. Do you want me to hold it?"

"Yeah, I'd like it if you were really desperate to go for later." I said, blown away that I could be this lucky to have a girl this willing to accommodate me.

"Okay, I'll hold it. But I'm going to use the bathroom if I think I might have an accident."

"Sounds fair to me," I answer, leaning over to give her a quick kiss before we get out of the car.

We head inside and downstairs, sitting next to each other on the couch and joke around with my dad who's watching TV there. About an hour later, our friends start showing up and we move outside to sit and chat with them before then starting the grill to begin the cookout. As I'm running the grill with a buddy of mine and my father, Lindsay pulls me aside.

"Rick, I'm going to have to use the bathroom now."

"What...uh, why?" I ask, noting that she didn't seem at all desperate.

Looking rather sheepishly, she replies with; "I have to uh...umm...well, I, uh...have to poop."

"Thanks for that oh-so-not-sexy visual."

"Shut up! You know girls poop."

"Yeah, but I don't exactly want to think about it." I fire back, mildly annoyed.

"You sure you're not mad at me? I promise I'll make it up to you!" she responds, clutching my right hand in her's.

"Why on earth would I be mad about you POOPING?" I answer, the last word of which spoken rather loudly to draw attention to our conversation.

Lindsay pushed me away playfully before then pulling me into a quick hug and then excused herself to use the bathroom. The rest of the evening isn't very important to this story so to summarize, good times were had and by about 9 that night our friends started taking off as we began cleaning up. By 9:30, the last of our friends had left and we had finished cleaning up. My parents were settling in and getting ready for bed upstairs leaving Lindsay and I downstairs watching TV. It was at this point I noticed that she was sitting with her legs pressed lightly together with her legs forming an inverted V shape from the front. She sat there finishing off a can of Sprite when I decided to ask the question on my mind,

"I take it you've gotta pee?"

"Yeah...how did you know?" she answered, a confused look on her face.

"I notice these kind of things...so how bad?"

"Not too bad...but I'm going to have to go real bad pretty soon." she replied, holding up the can of Sprite and shaking it slightly.

"I suppose we should probably go somewhere then, eh?"

"Yeah, that would probably be a good idea."

With that, I stood up, turned off the TV and shouted to my parents that I was going to take Lindsay home and out the door we went. I decided to take the long back to her house as we planned to look for a spot in the rural areas between our houses...and of course, unbeknownst to her, to give the sodas and water she was currently sipping on time to take effect on her. 

Driving along the back roads with the occasional light post illuminating the interior of the car I noticed her shifting her position until finally she was sitting with both hands slightly pressed into her crotch, her legs tightly pressed together in the same fashion as she was on the couch. Having seen her incredibly desperate to pee before, I knew she was getting really close to bursting and since I was in no mood to have to explain to my parents why the interior of my car was smelled of pee, I took it upon myself to turn off on the next road. As luck would have it, it was a development under construction meaning there were plenty of places to have privacy and given the time of night, highly unlikely that we would be interrupted any time soon. I parked the car between two half completed buildings in a fashion that no one passing along the main road could see my car.

Shutting off the ignition and the headlights, I discovered just how dark it was out here. I reached across the car and into the glove box to grab the flashlight I kept in there. I didn't need to say anything as Lindsay was pretty desperate at this point, so to avoid any accidents, she had already opened the door and gotten out of the car. She stood bouncing in the dark as I got out and walked over to join her on the passenger side of the car. Since I wanted to make this time extra special, I placed the flashlight in my back pocket and walked up behind Lindsay and put my arms around her, gently adjusting the angle of her head so I could lean over and kiss her as I slid my hands up her shirt to start massaging her breasts. Immediately she stopped bouncing and started kissing me back more intensely, guiding one of my hands down and up her skirt so I could start touching her through her panties.

As soon as my hand touched her panties and noticed head radiating from her crotch and the slight dampness of her panties, I felt my dick spring to attention. Lindsay felt this too, and seized the opportunity to spin around and press herself up against me, pulling her skirt up slightly as she wrapped her left leg around me and standing on her toes of her right foot, pressed her damp panty-clad crotch into my erection. She pulled my face toward hers and kissed me even more intensely now pushing her crotch against mine quite hard - I assume this was due to the fact she wanted to avoid peeing herself before it was time. I placed both of my hands on her ass and clutching each cheek in one hand (yes, she had that "palmable" kind of ass), I lifted her up slightly and pulled her closer to me.

She gasped and started breathing deeper as we kissed, before then she squirmed a bit and pushed away from me. She stood there hopping from one foot to the other as I fumbled into my back pocket to retrieve the flashlight. As soon as I turned it on, she grabbed my wrist and pointed it toward the tree line. She scampered/bounced about 20 feet away from the car and then squatted down. I was in hot pursuit behind her, kneeling down near her and pointing the flashlight at her crotch. She didn't bother to ask if I was ready, in the low light I saw her close her eyes, purse her lips and sigh. My eyes darted to her crotch which suddenly began to glisten in the light. The fabric of her panties turned slightly off white and suddenly a stream of clear pee streamed through them. The glistening spread toward her bum and slightly up the crotch of her panties.

Once again, the primal urge came over me and I just reached out with my free hand and started to massage her through her panties as she continued to pee into her panties and now on my hand. She let out a surprised yelp but that quickly transitioned into panting and small moans. As her stream started to slow and gradually die off, I didn't waste any time. I scooped her up and pulled her into me hard. She pressed her soaking wet crotch into mine and I carried her back toward the car. 

Reaching the passenger side, I probably slammed her back into the door but it didn't seem to phase her as we madly kissed, her hands caressing every part of me as I squeezed her dripping wet panties covering her ass. Pinning her against the car, I used one of my hands to start pulling her shirt off. As soon as hers was off, she yanked mine off in one quick motion. Throwing our shirts to the ground, I fumbled with the passenger door, getting it open and we carried our flurry of grinding, dry humping and touching each other into the car.

One by one our clothes came off until she was just grinding on top of me just wearing her still warm and wet panties. I pulled her underwear off to the side and she started to attempt to guide my hard on into her. Thankfully, due to our lack of inexperience (we were both virgins) and the angle at which I was attempting to penetrate her, I wasn't able to get much more than the head of my dick into her (I say thankfully because I wasn't wearing a condom and she wasn't on birth control). It didn't matter though, as that seemed to be enough to drive her wild and once I pulled out a little stroking and penetration with my fingers was enough to bring her to an orgasm that brought on some convulsions (my inexperience meant I was a little worried at first). 

Once she regained her composure, she slid off of me and proceeded to attempt to suck me off. I wasn't really feeling it, so she switched to giving me a hand job and in a matter of seconds I blew my load. On a rather amusing note, in the dark and the size of my load, I ended up getting cum into her hair and some dripped on her bra...yet none on my car.

We retrieved our shirts from outside (now covered with dew), put back on our clothes and started the car to attempt to defog the windows. In a rather defiant note, I ended up taking her back to my place and she spent the night spooning with me. In the morning, after a bit of explaining to my 'rents, she accompanied us to the airport and that would be the last time I'd see her, or my parents, for two months.

