My recent `little accident`

Author: weeweegirl

*000*2012-11-29 22:03

Hi all,

I had a genuine wet accident recently that I thought I'd share...

It had been a stressful day at the office, and due to the cold weather I’d had several more hot drinks than usual throughout the day.

When we finished my colleagues and I went for an early dinner at a nearby bar, and I also had a couple of glasses of wine.

I'll not bore you all with topics of conversation or what we were all wearing, suffice it to say we stayed out for about an hour, and I myself drank 3 drinks.

Anyway, I was the second to leave, and began to walk home (I live just outside the City centre, about a 20 minute walk).

While I was in the bar I noticed I needed to go for a wee, even though I'd been just before I left the office, probably due to drinking coffee all day. It wasn't that bad though, and to someone who plays desperation games at home often, barely noticeable.

But 5 minutes into my walk, I could feel my bladder filling very quickly, I quickened my pace knowing that I would be desperate by the time I arrived home but after 10 minutes I was really bursting, far more so than I usually am after only a couple of drinks.

I can only think that the amount of coffee and water I had drunk through the day must have played a part in this out of character desperation, maybe the fact that I had had a few toilet breaks throughout the day and the fact that I had had 3 alcoholic drinks in rapid succession had all combined together. Or maybe my bladder was simply out for some delicious revenge, a dish best served warm, and wet... lol.

But I digress. A few minutes later, and with my building in view but still a distance away I was walking fast, but taking care not to break into a run, there was no way my bladder could contain itself through that kind of movement. I made a split second decision and detoured to the railway station, a couple of minutes down a nearby road.

As I entered the station building and laid eyes on the 'ladies' sign I could almost feel the relief of releasing my aching bladder muscles! I almost charged through the door, maintaining a decent level of composure as I went through, but after realising there was no one else there I gave up the charade and bolted into the nearest cubicle.

Now for me this is always the most difficult moment, the brain knows what comes next, so I seem to be conditioned to start relaxing, whether I’m quite ready or not. I was not. The zip on my skirt had a history of sticking, and I was struggling with it. My legs were so tightly pressed together and I was jiggling around so much that I simply could not get it unfastened before I felt a warm trickle escape and soak into my knickers.

On instinct I pushed the side of my hand between my legs and squeezed my thighs together, managing to regain control. But as soon as I removed my hand and started on the clasp I lost it again, I always find it difficult to stay stopped once I've started, but in damp knickers it's nigh on impossible! I was essentially in full flow, powerful enough to hear it hissing out!

I struggled with the clasp harder until it finally released, I pulled my tights and knickers down in one motion and backed over the toilet, one hand keeping my underwear from riding back up, and the other against the wall to hold me up (I have a thing about sitting on public toilets!)

It was one of the longest and most forceful wee's I've ever had! After about 2 minutes I was empty and very very relieved, I pulled my underwear back up, which was soaked and walked the rest of the distance home.

I should also add that I wore the wet knickers the rest of the evening and to bed as well, of course they had dried out by then!



*005*2012-11-30 23:23

{{:

That was such a wonderful story about something that actually could happen to anyone. The feeling of relief when you enter the bathroom, and then the first spurt comes seconds too soon... To me it happens often in the mornings. I get up from my bed, walk to the bathroom, begin to open the door. I swear, it's a reflex, standing just outside the bathroom I start to wet my sleeping panties. No use to try to stop the pee. I just stand there, waiting until I've finished peeing, before I enter the bathroom, leaving a big pool on the floor outside. A good thing I'm living alone in my own house.

I don't know why lol , but I got very aroused by the image of you wearing your wet knickers for the rest of the evening and in your bed!

}}

I'm glad you liked the story Vikka, and even more glad you liked the idea of me wearing my wet knickers, that's one of my favourite things!

Oh, and Mastert, I'm not too sure which knickers they were, but I believe they were white cotton briefs, they were certainly white anyway, because I remember how they showed a yellow stain!

*008*2012-12-03 21:17

Thanks! wearing wet knickers etc is one of my favourite things, I'm often to be found doing normal things whilst still wet!

