I mowed the grass on Sunday

Author: Jus

*000*2012-11-26 15:04

This weekend just gone the weather was much better than the previous one where it was storms and showers most of the weekend. I knew that I’d need to mow the lawn so I planned to do it on the Sunday morning. Leading up to this I’ve had a most unusual week where I thought there was a great possibility of something sexual happening with someone, but then it all led to nothing, leaving me pretty much constantly aroused and frustrated.

I had sort of planned to do what I sometimes do when I mow, and so I had plenty to drink through the morning, and didn’t go to the toilet at all. I dressed in my usual mowing shorts, which are styled in a manner making them tight in the crotch, but loose in the legs. I wore these over underwear that is a bit too small for me but I love the feel of them and how they make me very aware of both my pussy and my bum as I move about in them. By the time I was ready to mow I wasn’t really desperate, but I was feeling a need to pee.

Once I started the mower, and had started to get into the routine of mowing my mind began to wander. I found myself thinking of somebody who has recently become quite special to me. I imagined that we were together at a secluded beach. We had been strolling hand in hand until we came to a spot where there was a nice area of lawn next to the beach where we could sit together and take in the scenery. It wasn’t too long before we were in each other’s arms cuddling and caressing each other. She whispered encouragement in my ear and then leaned back until she was laying on her back beside me. In my mind I continued to caress her, but focussed for a while on her breasts. These were apparently very sensitive and she was becoming quite obviously aroused.

In reality the mowing was happening, almost without effort. I was becoming increasingly aroused by the combination of my thoughts, my need to pee and the feelings my clothing was inflicting on me. I imagined my attention was now turning elsewhere. Whilst still keeping one hand busy in the region of her breast, neck and face, I started to explore a bit lower with the other. On reaching her shorts I slipped my hand inside the waistband, but still outside of her swimsuit. I reached lower until I felt my fingertips dip slightly into that point where there was no longer any lower stomach, but I now had my hand cupping her pussy. She sharply inhaled, and momentarily tensed. I kept my hand there and started to move my fingers ever so slightly just to give a sort of undulating feeling. She seemed to be in ecstasy, and so was I just from knowing that I could have that effect on somebody.

The mowing was finished. I was in a way disappointed. My need to pee was still there, but not actually as desperate as I was hoping for. My level of arousal on the other hand was so much more than I’d anticipated. I needed to masturbate, and I needed it badly. I got the garden hose to wash down the mower. That way I could splash a bit of water around, and even on myself and disguise everything…..

I was straight back to my fantasy in my mind. She began to hump against my hand, and then she got a different expression on her face, like she was concentrating, and she stiffened and stopped moving. I could feel her trembling and then felt a surge of warmth on my fingers before it registered in my mind that it was also wetness. She was peeing on my fingers.

In real life I was peeing in my shorts. Most was running down my legs, but some was falling between them onto the grass. One of my shoes was starting to fill up. It felt good, but was completely overshadowed by my ever increasing need to orgasm. I felt like I was going to explode. I turned off the hose, and put the mower into the carport. I took off my shoes outside the door, and my shorts inside the door. I went straight to my bed, taking off my knickers as I got there.

Once on my bed I was instantly back into my fantasy again. I rearranged the position of my hand so that I could reach inside her swimsuit. I eased two fingers just inside her now soaking wet pussy and rubbed vigorously, bringing her to orgasm quite quickly. I kept going and she had a series of climaxes one after the other. I came multiple times too, just from doing this to her.

Back in reality, once I regained my composure and settled down a bit I lay on the bed just wishing it could have been real, and that we’d have been able to lie together blissfully afterwards.

