A close one

Author: homeanddry

*000*2015-10-09 19:00

After Saturday's adventure, I was passing the time on a quiet night shift at work yesterday by chatting relatively aimlessly to the fantastic Equusquagga from here, as you do. I'd already enjoyed a big mug of tea and three (maybe four, I can't remember) glasses of water at home, so I was already starting to feel the pressure by the time I started work at 10pm. I was therefore delighted to learn that I wasn't alone!

Having never really pushed to the limits before, although I've been fairly close, I really wanted to give it a go, although I knew that (being at work and all, as quiet as it was) I really couldn't risk any sort of accident. Whatever happened, I really wanted to outlast EQ (again). As usual at work, I straightaway made myself another cup of tea (in the biggest mug available too) and made myself as comfortable as I could.

Over the next couple of hours, my need really started to increase. I was ok though, distracted by EQ's own predicament and (of course) the need to occasionally actually do some work. Standing up was really uncomfortable, so I tried to keep it to a minimum, returning to sit down - anything to keep slightly bent in the middle. Actually, no, I really wasn't ok. I couldn't give up yet though. Thankfully, EQ did give up at some point around this time - I'll let her recount the details, because I had problems of my own to worry about. I do recall it being quite an amazing experience though, with the emotions involved really showing through in the last minutes of her struggle.

So, I'd won. Fantastic! But no, not yet. Some work to do. It wasn't unexpected though, so I was prepared for it. I thought it'd take about ten minutes. I could cope, albeit now with quite a bit of pain. Same as before - stand up for as short a time as possible, do what needed to be done, and get back to a seated position. It really was quite a struggle though, and I had to try and appear calm. The phone rang - a colleague hoping to have a chat about something. As it wasn't important, I made my excuses, promising to call back later. Nearly done - by now, I had to lean right forward when sitting, as the pain was starting to be unbearable. The waves of desperation were rapidly becoming just a constant (and intense) pressure. Just two more minutes, though, and I'd be ok.

But no! Suddenly there was something else that I had to deal with, totally unexpectedly. Now I really was in trouble, and I'm sure that it showed in my voice. My belt was far too tight - that, and the top button on my jeans, had to be undone. No question about that, it was the only way. I certainly couldn't stand still, but sitting didn't help either. I could only keep moving. Five minutes seemed like forever, but finally - we're done. I didn't have time to explain much to EQ - I just had to run downstairs to the toilet. Panic struck, and suddenly shutting the door seemed like a struggle. No time to lock the door. 

As with a previous experience, I decided that I'd better sit down on the pan, as I might need a minute or two to recover from the relief. That nearly proved to be my undoing - I had to suddenly clamp my muscles tight to prevent a spurt escaping, a spurt that I knew would've turned into a full-on release. I just made it before the floodgates opened. The relief - unimaginable. Wow, such an amazing experience!

