Debbie Arives Home From Work Desperate But Has To Wait

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-05-22 16:58

This board has been quiet lately so I thought I would post one of Debbie’s earlier desperation stories. My bladder is pleasantly full so it is time to write.

For whatever reason Debbie did not like using the restrooms at work unless absolutely necessary .She often arrived home very desperate and occasionally a little wet.

This was before we were married and she still lived with her grandmother and sister (sis lived in the upstairs apartment). Her sister a nurse worked in another building on the large psychiatric hospital campus in the town we lived in. Normally she would pick Deb up on the way home.

On this particular day, her sister left work early and forgot to pick up Deb. Having held her pee all day, and figuring her sister would be along soon, she decided she could wait a bit longer. As time went on it became obvious sis was not going to show, so Deb made a few phone calls determining what had happened. Sis said she would get dressed and be up to get her. The drive was about 15 minutes.

Meanwhile Debbie was getting anxious about her need to pee. She was seated at a table with some fellow co-workers. She did not want to say she needed to get up and pee, but her bladder was painfully full and her pent up urine was causing considerable pressure at her pee hole. She casually put her hand into her lap and soon began to occasionally grab her crouch.

About a half hour later her sister arrived to take her home. It was a cold winter’s day and that combined with the walk out to the car made her need to go much worse. As soon as she was seated in the car, she moved her winter jacket out of the way and placed her hand firmly against her aching pussy. She also began squirming her legs back and forth. Sis asked if she was ok and Deb replied, yes except she had to pee real bad. She had not gone since leaving the house around 7:30 AM (This was around 5:30 PM).

She arrived at home about 15 minutes later, where her grandmother and I were waiting dinner on her. Her sister went back upstairs. Since dinner was getting cold Deb sat down to eat, although she was clearly very uncomfortable. At this point I did not know why. Then I noticed only one hand was above the table, the other was holding back a days’ worth of pee. She was constantly shifting her position in her chair. Now I understood she had to pee badly, and knowing her distaste for using the restrooms at work, likely had needed to pee for several hours.

Her grandmother finished eating first and went into the bathroom for her after dinner constitutional. Deb and I were expected to do the dishes right after dinner. She washed, I dried.

Immediately upon putting her hands in the very warm water, she crossed her legs tightly. Within minutes she was doing a full pee-pee dance. Neither effort help lessen the intense pressure on her pee hole. Suddenly she took a sharp breath through her teeth, and bent over as far as she could , pushing off on the sink for extra leverage and crossed and squeezed her legs together as tightly as possible. She said I am going to pee in my pants. The pressure on her pee hole was so intense it felt like it was starting to come out. Since that didn’t make her feel any better she dried her hands and placed one between her legs while using the other to push off on the sink. She said I hope my grandmother is finished soon, I am 19 years old and I don’t want to wet my pants in front of her. Amazingly she said she had not leaked yet, but the need was so strong that the only way she could tell if she started peeing is if her panties started getting wet.

Finally her grandmother finished up in the bathroom, and Deb rushed by her, bent over, with both hands squeezing her pussy as tightly as she could. I stood as close to the bathroom door as I could without being obvious and listened to her long and forceful pee. She only leaked a little in her panties after reaching the bathroom. By time She finally got to relive herself it was almost 630 PM, so she had not peed in 11 hours

In a way I hoped to see her wet, but I didn’t want to see her embarrassed and seeing the long struggle, still got me plenty excited. I had been imagining all that pee causing serious pain throughout her abdominal and pussy area.

Now that I have finished writing this it is time for me to do what I planned with my several hours of stored pee on Live Action Omorashi. My bladder is full and it is difficult to resist squirming.

