How i got my pee fetish

Author: Clodfish

*000*2014-02-22 11:42

This happened a few months ago and ever since i have thought that i might be the luckiest guy in the world. From the title you can see that this how i got my pee fetish and since i like this girl i will give her a false identity lets call her Ellie. This is my first post so please be nice. TO THE STORY. :)

When i first started duke of Edinbrough program (which is a thing which gets young people to do stuff) one of the first things we did was a tramp. A short 2 hour tramp up a gravel track and i do mean up, all the way was a steep uphill. Since it was only a small tramp we could turn up in any clothes we want. When we all got start point the leader told us it would a "single file uphill challenge" and then said "i will make the line so i hope you like the people next adjacent of you!".

I almost pulled a creepy smile when the person in front of me turned out to be my crush from school, Ellie. Since i go to a small school we already knew each other and it turned out she turned 14 only two days after me, which was today! Seeing her out of school uniform made me appreciate actually how sexy she was. She was dressed in a short skirt and louse t shirt which i could clearly see her Fluor orange bra under. About 300 metres up and it get really steep. Steep enough that i get a constant view of her panties.

My heart starts racing, i felt bad but good god i could not look away. My crushes white cotton panties were just exquisite. From my external stares i found out she was doing weird stuff i had not noticed before. She was bobbing from time to time and walking funny with her legs to close tougher. As we get further up the hill it becomes more extreme. To the point where i finally ask her about it which she replies "y-yeah i'm fine i just need to-" she pauses for a while "yes?" I insist (still unaware)"i need to have a break soon thats all". I was confused why needing a break was making her bob up and down but instead of thinking i just enjoyed the view.

"Oh my god she needs to pee" i nearly say aloud as i listen to her heavy breathing and watch her fumble around on her now fragrant from b,o panties. I ask again if shes okay and she whispers to me "okay just don't tell anyone, i'm actually bursting for the loo so if i do pee just don't make a thing of it okay" i was shock that she said that but i managed a hasty "i swear" which she smile at and says "why are you blushing i'm the one who's gonna pee myself" we both laugh and she looks away.

"Thank god" i thought as she managed not to notice my boner which had been visible since the first 300 metres. My thankful day dreaming comes to abrupt end as i hear Ellie gasping as a small wet patch appears on her panties followed by hand speedily clenching her vagina stopping the flow. I say "OH" just loud enough for her to hear and she turns to me with a pleading face but is only met by looking into the surrounding scenery and saying "did you that bird" cornily enough to make the guy behind give me a weird look. I promise myself not to do something like again and i go back to the right position to see my view and nearly break my promise as she had been squirting so much that her panties were completely transparent. I felt like my boner was going to make a hole in my short as I gazed upon her women hood, my brain was thinking a thousand thoughts but only processing one "this is a vagina".

My view disappeared as we reached the top. Which was a level clearing with cut down logs i supposed we'ed uses as benches. everyone go's off to eat their lunch and do their own thing but i just stand there. I still had my boner and the only thing between privacy and embarrassment was my bag i front of it. I guess the leader saw my discomfort because he comes over and says "boners are a bitch aren"t they son?" I was about to answer but i hear Ellie say "umm Edward can you come hear for a second?" The leader smiles and says "go get her tiger". So i shuffle towards her my bag covering me and i notice shes sitting on the log furtherest away from everyone else with her back towards them.

I manage to sit down next to her whilst keeping the bag in position but as soon as sit down she rips the bag away from me, exposing me "ELLIE WHAT TH-" she puts a hand on my mouth and says "hold me" i look down and shes pulled her skirt up nearly all the way so i had could completely see everything. She had one hand clenching her vagina and the over holding her lunch. "I need both hands to eat my lunch so could you hold me?" "Hold you?" I ask completely confused. She grabs my hand and puts its on her wet panties, my mouth drops faster than a ton of bricks. "You swore you wouldn't tell so-" i clench her pussy "thanks" she says. She releases her grip which is immediately followed by steady stream of piss and a very feminine squeal from Ellie, i take a my chance in split second and slip my hands into her panties and clench shut her urethra. Nows it her turn for her mouth to drop but that soon turns into a embarrassed smile and she mutters "thanks" and she starts eating her lunch.

Even though it was that situation we start chatting "i know you were looking at my underwear the whole time ya know" Ellie says with a small amount of mischief in her voice. I was about to say sorry but she then says "don't worry i was enjoying looking at your boner does that mean i'm pretty?" She asks "the prettiest" i say childishly flirting. Later she says grimly "i'm going to have to pee myself" and then the leader says "times up you have five to pack your things" we both stand up, bad idea. 

As soon as we stand she squirts in my hand again she manages "it's cominggg" and pee literally shots out of the poor girl. I stand behind her so nobody could see. She starts crying as pee drenches her skirt and even the bottom of her shirt and pee keeps coming out for over a minute eventually leaving her on her knees in a pool of her pee. Shes still crying as i try to clean her up with wet wipes in the remaining four minutes. My work only stops her crying and stops her smelling of piss her drenched skirt was still completely visible. So i give her my jumper to wear around her waist for the way down on which me and her become best friends.

The end.

If you liked this tell me so i can tell you more stories about me and my now girlfriend Ellie as we get into more on purposes desperation.

*007*2014-02-23 05:29

Thanks guys, i'll try and use paragraphs. I don't think "Ellie" liked me posting this that much so i might not post this stuff for a while (until i convince her...) but i will get some stories for friends and try to recall some of my own. I will also be righting so e fiction soon! Keep telling me what you like and not like so i can right better. :)

*013*2014-02-25 03:55

{{ 

That's a neat story, but you're still 14? is that allowed on here?

}}

Yeah that was actually a typo

