When I Really Got Into It

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-08-09 06:16

So this is my first time on here guys so don't judge me too hard *blush* :) enjoy!

"I can't believe I'm about to do this" I thought as I got into my car and backed out of the driveway. Alexis didn't live too far, maybe fifteen minutes. Although with all the thoughts racing through my head it felt like an eternity. When I pulled into her driveway I slowly dried my palms on my sweat pants hoping that I wasn't going to make a huge mistake today..

I rang the bell and my best friend Alexis opened the door, "HEYYY!!" She beamed. "You ready?". I swallowed hard and nodded.

I'd made sure to not go to the bathroom before coming here so that this would work. We went into the living room and she had already prepared for our little experiment that we wanted to try.. Well.. That she wanted me to try. There were towels all over the ground.

I'd always kind of had a thing for peeing in pants.. Yet the one time I tried it, I didn't seem too attracted.. And recently Alexis (who is lesbian by the way) told me that she's into it too and begged me to try it at her house with her..

I sat on the couch and waited for Alexis to say something.. "Okay," she spoke up, "I only have one rule.. Since I want you to go home wearing dry pants, we're going to pee in our panties.. Just for starts" she smiled.

I nodded in agreement and began sliding my sweats down as she began unbuckling her belt. I wore blue cotton panties and she wore a comfortable looking white silk pair of panties.

"You go first" I said blushing.

Alexis shrugged and squatted on her heels and closed her eyes. She sat there just breathing in and out for maybe three minute before she finally gasped and looked down. A small wet dot appeared on her crotch. Excited she sat on her butt and totally released. A faint hiss filled the room as the pee splashed through her panties and onto the towels. Since her panties were white and now wet they became quite transparent. I just happened to notice her perfect pussy as she began to rub herself and feel the wetness.

Alexis looked at herself through the mirror behind the couch and said "Yeah.. This is perfect.... Okay, you go!" she said excitedly.

I slowly got to my knees heart pounding so hard I thought it was going to explode through my left breast or something. It didn't take much before I felt the pee coming. I quickly gasped knowing there was no way back at this point. I finally sat on my butt and relaxed feeling the river of pee explode into my panties soaking my pussy and spurting out onto my thighs even. Still wetting I stood up and let the warm pee fall down my legs as I smiled in pleasure. After finally finishing I stuck a hand inside my panties and began playing with my clit.

"Wow.." I hear from behind me. I whip around forgetting that I was still in Alexis's house. I see her face looking at my soaked panties and feel my cheeks get red. Alexis stood up and walked over to me still looking at my panties. "May I... Feel them?" she asked. I slowly walked into her and felt her place her hand on my panties where my wet pussy was throbbing in need of pleasure.

She began rubbing my panties and I began feeling her panties. They were still warm and she pushed her hips inward so I could feel better. I began fingering her though her panties and moaned as she returned the favour and slipped her hand into my panties and caresses my clit. I fell back onto the couch with her sitting on my lap facing and began to take her shirt off followed by her bra. I examined her tits after successfully removing her shirt and bra like other boys have done to me in the past and got to work. I quietly sucked on one of her nipples as she leaned her head back and moaned in pleasure and began pulling my shirt off.

I raised my arms to let her pull my shirt off easier and let her unclasp my bra and caress my breasts. I slipped my hand under her panties and began fingering her as skillfully as I could as she pressed her lips to mine and let our tongues play a game of tag. She moaned and leaned her head forward and twirled her tongue around my tits she gently pulled my soaked panties from my legs and began caressing my pussy with such skill I felt an orgasm coming right away. I spread my legs apart and screamed through gritted teeth as I had the biggest orgasm of my life. She moaned as I began fingering her harder until she yelped indicating she was coming as well. I removed my hand and began squeezing her breasts and kissed her passionately again.

I slowly slid to my right and was now laying down on her comfy couch as she slowly scooted up onto my abdomen and began licking my breasts again. I placed my hand onto her panties again which were still on for some reason and suddenly felt her peeing on my hand.

I giggled excitedly and slipped my hand into her panties and fingered her as she was peeing. She finally came again and we laid there panting covered with piss and sweat.. I got up and took a shower which I peed in also just for the hell of it. When I got out pulled my panties on giving myself one last rub in them and put my sweat pants on followed by my bra and t-shirt again. I got downstairs and saw Alexis still slouched on her couch with a dazed look on her face. I was about to say goodbye when I noticed she was peeing all over her nice couch.

I grinned and walked over to her pulled down my sweat pants and panties revealing my shaved pussy to her one last time. I pulled my vaginal lips apart and peed right on her and she closed her eyes and sighed as my pee dribbled down her breasts and made a small pond on her belly button. I pulled my panties and pants back up and told her that we were definitely going to do this again and she nodded and I left. As I went home I shifted around a lot just to feel my wet panties on my pussy because I couldn't help it since it felt so good.

Anyway, that's that :) hope you guys liked it :)

*009*2014-08-10 19:00

Wow thanks everybody :) <3 it's awesome that people are so accepting here unlike on experienceproject lol

*011*2014-08-10 19:27

No, like I said I've tried it before but don't enjoy it as much. Although as this happened mere days ago I still have more experiences and stories to come :D

And yeah just a forewarning for people. Nobody is getting my contact info, pics, videos, or anything.. That's one of the main reasons I didn't like experience project..

*014*2014-08-10 23:05

EP deleted my first post anyway. Which is when I found this.

Although I'm thinking of trying it out on my own tonight just to see how it is on my own.. In which case I'll have another story :3

*016*2014-08-11 05:44

Story two is up! :)

*018*2014-08-11 17:08

This post actually never made it onto EP. >.<

It was a different one lol

*023*2014-08-14 06:12

I like being in a place where my wet panties can be smiled upon unlike the haters over there..

