Scary Dream that Made Me Piss the Bed

Author: peepants1300

*000*2014-10-13 01:20

This happened a few weeks ago, just havent been able to post it. It was the weirdest wetting dream I've ever had. It seriously scared me.

So i was dreaming and in the dream, i woke up in a foreign plave, on a foreign bed, tied like an X to the posts. I screamed, "What? Where am I?" " And why would you want to know that?" A figure edged out from a shadow in a deep, dark corner of the room. I squealed with fright. I realized i had to piss, which is normal for me. I always have to have my morning pee, but this time i had to go much worse than usual. "Let me go!" I said. He scowled. "Why the hell would i do that, princess?"

His tone was frighteningly harsh. He got closer, and i tried to scoot away, but i was tied tight. I tried to at least close my legs. For some reason, he seemed most interested in the lower portion of my body. NO. He couldnt be. He sat on the bed and pulled my shirt up slightly. He rubbed my stomach, then moved his hand upward, making me realize that i had no bra on. He clenched on of my breasts, and i winced. He smiled. He brought out a pair of rusty scissors and cut my shirt up the middle, letting the halves fall to the side, my breasts showing. He put one of my nipples into his mouth, twisting it around, biting down. I held back a sob as best i could, but he heard it. "Aww. Did i hurt the little princess?" 

I was scared to answer, but i nodded my head. He sat up, and at first i thought he was going to get up and leave, but he didnt. Instead he slapped me. "Ouch!" He stood back. Again i thought he was going to leave, but he brought the scissors back out and headed toward my light blue shorts. "No! No! No! Please! No!" I screamed with all my heart. He slapped me again. Once he had my privates uncovered, he bent down to look at it. First he opened it with his fingers. After an "inspection", he licked it. I squealed and spurted on his face, but quickly cut of the stream. His face contorted. "You little bitch! Youre such a slut!" He bent back down and tried again. This time i was able to hold back my flood, but i really had to go. 

I hated it but it felt really good. He realized i was enjoying it slightly and stopped. He then got on his knee and rubbed it with his two fingers. I winced. And leaked. "Im gonna get you for that." He smiled whereas my face became gloom. He slid the fingers in, and i squealed. "Ow! Stop! Please stop!" He glared at me with eyes that seemed to flash for a sudden moment. I quieted. He told me to relax. I did as i was told but soon gave his fingers a golden shower. He growled. I shrunk deep inside. He rose. I closed my eyes for another slap, but instead heard the sound of a zipper.

I gasped. He smirked and chuckled. " Your punishment for wetting on me." His manhood, now hanging out of his pants seemed to be reaching toward me. I squirmed uneasily. He came closer. He was on top of me. His breath reeked greatly. His manhood was at the edge of my privates. He grabbed it and began stroking my private with it in up and down motion. I groaned and he smiled, but quickly frowned. "Shut up bitch! This is MY entertainment!" He quickly shoved it in, and i yelped. As it came back out, it went from dusty white to red. "Mmm. First time." I cried. He got faster. He was just getting to enjoying it when he hit something and piss flowed out, unstoppable. He scowled. And i shot up, woken up by my own screams. I looked down. Clothes still on but my bright red sheets were soaked. Ugh! What a night!

*005*2014-10-13 14:49

Yea. Im fine. Just got a bit freaked out. The warmth of my pee did help out a bit.

*014*2015-03-21 23:36

I have recently had a dream that i was drunk in a bar. There were people all around and i had to piss. Other people were wetting thier pants, but i decided to wait. Afterwards I couldnt hold it anymore and pissed my pants. Then i woke up and realized that i had pissed the bed. But the pee was trapped in my right pants leg and hadn't come out of the pants leg. I closed the bottom of the pants leg and hopped with the other leg to the bathroom. At the toilet, i ipened the pants leg and the oee poured out.

