Fun with the GF

Author: LedinWind

*000*2014-11-20 07:11

Been a long time since I made a post, huh? Well it's finally time to change that. This actually happened a few days ago (Sunday, to be precise), but I'm just now sharing it with my omo family. My gf knows about my fetish and is pretty accepting of it. She doesn't fully understand it but doesn't all out shuns it and is usually willing to indulge in it for me. The past Sunday, she was off work and after we both did some things by ourself in the morning (me, go to the gym with my older brother for a few games of basketball and she with some errands with her mother), I went over to her place to spend the rest of the day with her.

This was around, I say, like 3 or 4 o'clock.

We spent a good chunk of time just goofing off, made a run to Wal-Mart to grab some snacks, watching South Park once we got back.Then playing some Bomberman '93, (yeah, we took it back. Lmao) also playing a few games on our phone (Ruzzle and Garfield's Diner). After some more time passed, she got up and started to walk away. I asked where she was going, she said the bathroom, I replied with a, "no your not."

"i'm not?" i shook my head and replied "nope". She dropped her head and sulked back to the couch to play more on her phone while her Xbox One updated (seems like it always needed one when we want to use it).

More time passed and by now we started to fool around. I laid her on the couch and started to tease her for some time, giving her chest a lot of attention.. but then i noticed that a bulge was starting to show up on her; time for me to be evil! I gave it a push and she squealed as expected. She clinched hard and shoved me away. Now, I spent a good amount of time pressing on her, making her laugh and doing what I could to get her to leak a little... sadly, no such luck (I swear, she has an iron bladder!). I even tried to check by slipping my hand in her pants. I felt some kinda dampness but it was mostly from the small amount of sweat from trying to get away from me. Gotta admit, I was a touch disappointed but I knew she would have to go eventually.

After a momentary break to recover, I pulled out a package that has been sitting in her apt for some weeks; a pack of Goodnite Tru-fits. I suggested her put one on and after a bit of examining them and making me laugh with a comment of, "it's just a big old pad". I just nodded with a sheepish grin and nodded. Once about to put them on, she told me I couldn't look. I nodded once again and covered my eyes as she changed (not sure why she didn't want me to look, she was probably embarrassed, oh well... adorable it is. :3 )

After opening my eyes, she had put on the solid color ones, which made me happy because I like those best. A gave an examine and gave her a thumbs up and quickly we t to fooling around. We stayed on the couch a little longer then started to move to her room, but got caught in the hallway by our own actions. We posted on the wall having more fun there then into her room where I got to use her restraints, a toy... and more pressure on her bladder. She STILL didn't leak. I mentally sighed and released her from the restraints and let her go to the bathroom.

"It's leaking! I don't know what to do!" I hear from the bathroom. It made me smile. "That's fine, just squeeze the extra out." After a brief moment of, what I assumed, contemplation, she opens the door with a faux sad expression and a few mumbles of, "I'm all wet.." I gave, yet another sympathetic smile and accompanied it with an aww before slipping in a hug, pushing our way into the bathroom (it was the warmest place in the apt at the time).

Commence the fooling around yet again... I grabbed the back of her butt and felt all the wetness she was talking about. I peeked in the mirror and got a great image. It covered about 80% of the panties and that just turned me on more. I turned her around, pulled the Goodnites to the side, quickly realized it wasn't going to work, then pulled them down to her knees and got to work.

After it was all said and done (after yet another romp in the shower), I got an unexpected surprise: she didn't wanna keep the soiled pad in her trash so she had me toss it in the dumpster on my way out. But also, she gave me the wet Goodnite as well for me to wash (on account that she had just finished her washing while I was there.) The once home, I couldn't help but give it one more tug to the Goodnites and some trusty "go-to" videos before a shower and bed.

Gotta say I had fun. Like ... A stupid amount of fun with her.

PS: I had EVERY INTENTION to share some snapshots of the wet Goodnite, but I threw it in the washer before I realized I didn't take pictures. Maybe next time, ya'll.

PPS: By the time I got home and in the bed.. It was like 4:30am ^^;

*002*2014-11-21 12:57

{{ 

Great story, it sounded like a lot of fun. And hopefully you remember those pictures next time :P. Also, has she ever considered letting you take pictures/ videos of her to share? Sounds like something we'd all enjoy.

}}

Well JBman123 as fun as that sounds for everybody here; that is something she is absolutely 100% against. She wouldn't let me do anything like that and I'm willing to respect that. I'm just happy enough that she's doing it for me in the first place. All I can do is share my experiences.

Everybody hear that? You won't be seeing her on this website anytime. Sorry to come off as a prick but I just don't want a whole lot of messages asking when/if she'll share pics/vids.

