My first post - Drunken Keely goes public

Author: lukerossi

*000*2014-03-04 22:04

Given that I have a bank vault of real experiences and stories, I figured it’s my turn to share some with you all. I’ve been quite lucky so far in my life and have had quite a few partners who’ve wet for me, even a few friends. Here is the first of many.

My Ex, hmm let’s name her Keely.

I met Keely through a mutual friend when I was 14. We quickly became fast friends and no soon after, became an item.

I knew of my fetish for pee and spent many many hours fantasizing about Keely wetting herself in front of me. After a year or so I worked up the courage to tell her. It took hours of her coaxing it out of me, but I finally revealed my secret for the very first time. Keely laughed reassuringly and asked why I’d been so hesitant to tell her.

We left it at that and, given we lived an hour away from each other, didn’t see each other again for a few weeks.

Keely and I remained together for eight years and during that time, she would often indulge me in some wet fun, however it wasn’t until we were around 18 that we evolved enough sexually for it to really become mind blowing. The introduction of alcohol and the advantage of becoming of legal age to drink definitely helped us to explore Omorashi further than a sneaky clothed pee in the shower.

On one such occasion, Keely and I had been out at a party all night. My friends had coaxed her into playing drinking games and who was I to stop them? At about midnight, Keely became frisky, often rubbing me under a table between shots and flirtingly whispering about how often she was having to get up to pee.

We left the party in a taxi soon after, I had made a strategic plan to jump in the cab before Keely would have the chance to go to the bathroom again. 10 minutes later we stopped out the front of my house. I lived with my mum at the time, but she was sound asleep inside. My plan was to get inside and get Keely to the shower where I knew we would have some fun.

In the past I’d tried to coax her into peeing outside of the bathroom or shower, perhaps in the yard or, better yet, my room, and better still – my bed. But Keely wasn’t comfortable so I hadn’t forced the issue.

Keely wore a black top with no arms, tight skin hugging pants and a lacey white g-string.

We left the cab and walked slowly up the driveway. Keely stopped and grabbed my hand and said “let’s stay out here for a while.” I wasn’t too keen as I wanted to get the real party started inside, but indulged her. After a few minutes of hugging, kissing and general dancing about, Keely took a step back, flashed me a smile and closed her eyes as she began to let go. Her white pants instantly succumbed to the wetness revealing the beautiful lace underneath. As she gushed, the wet patch grew fast across her front and glistened in the street lights as her stream found its way down her leg and our onto the concrete.

I grabbed Keely’s hand, rushed her inside without waking my mother and straight into my bedroom to explore the damage. We fondled and kissed passionately and rubbed for what felt like forever. I struggled to retain my “composure” and wanted Keely more than ever before. I had a hand between her legs against the wet lace when all of a sudden, it became warm, it became wetter and Keely moaned as she let another dribble of pee into her g-string and into my hand.

I couldn’t stand it anymore; I thrust her onto the bed, pulled the lace aside and consummated the begging of what would become a wet and wonderful relationship.

*These stories are 100 percent actual accounts from my life. I will alter names and not reveal anything that might be considered underage.

*004*2014-03-04 22:58

{{ 

Wow, that story is awesome!

I wish something like that could happen to me(minus the drinking, call me un-Australian but I don't drink alcohol).

I also like the way you tell the story, when I tried to write an experience story it sounded lame...-_-

I cant wait to read another story! ^-^

}}

Thanks Makishi. There will be plenty more, don't worry about that and I'm sure your stories are far from lame!

