Trapped in car Omorashi

Author: zsjasonsz

*000*2013-12-30 08:55

Hello, I am new here and this is my first story.

These are all fake names for the characters:

Me:Jake

Crush: Alina

One weekend, my dad asked me to go skiing with a girl. Wasn't exactly thrilled, because my dad has a lot of friends at work, and goes skiing with their children alot. (Especially Girls)

Dad: Do you know her? She goes to the same school.

Me: Huh? Oh! I know her!

Alina: Oh! Hi Jake!

Dad: Well then, good! That is nice that you know each other!

We got in to my dad's car. We sat in the back, it was very large and roomy. Also, she was wearing short skirt, (and I think I caught a glimpse of red panties in there :3) a T-shirt, and a tiny jacket that girls wear.

Dad: Yeah, the cars are really coming in today, it says it's gonna take more than 5 hours.

Alina: Oh my gosh! That long?

Then, I remember I brought a 3DS and my laptop. I set my laptop on the in-car table thing and take out my 3DS.

Me: Uhh, do you like MineCraft or New Super Mario?

I regretted asking that question, Why would a girl like her, play video games? Especially these ones!

Alina: Ooh! I loooove MineCraft!

We then spent the next 3 hours playing, laughing, chatting. Then, we stopped at a Mall.

Mom: This one is much bigger than the one at home!

Dad: Would you guys like to come or stay in the car?

Me: We'll stay here dad.

Mom: Okay then, call us if you need something!

We spent about 40 minutes in there playing video games and chatting, and then she took out her phone.

Me: What's wrong?

Alina: Oh, I just have to go to the bath room.

Me: Call dad, he has the keys, we can't get out from inside. His number is 813-67...

Alina: Oh shoot! my phone is dead! Do you have a phone?

Me: No. How long can you hold it? They should be here anytime soon!

Alina: I think I can hold it...

Me: I have a jar if.....

I stop the sentence right there. What was I thinking? That she would pee in a jar?

We were silent for the rest of the time, after about 20 minutes, she started squirming.

I wanted to say something but she talked first.

Alina: Okay, now I really have to go...

She was crossing her legs over and over, fanned her legs, and bit her lip.

Alina: (In a panicked voice) Jake, please don't look.

I then realized that I was staring at her squirming legs and the red panties that showed every time she crossed her legs

I pretended to look in to my 3DS, but then looked in to the back mirror that oh so perfectly reflected Alina. I caught a sight of her hands lift her skirt and hold it with her elbow, and then taking her hand and putting it in her panties.

I was now sure that her panties were red.

She kept pressing at her privates, rubbing, squeezing. Then she stopped with her hands still in the red panties and her eyes flickered, she closed her eyes, but didn't pee or go to sleep. She just closed her eyes and took deep breaths, fast ones too.

After about 10 minutes, she moaned. I was furious at my parents for taking so long.

Alina: Jake, the jar... please, fast!!

I took the jar, still looking in to the back mirror-which looked like I was looking away- handed her the jar.

Alina: Umm...

Pause

Alina: Could you do it for me Jake?

I had no idea what she was saying, but i grabbed the jar, lowered her panties-which revealed her hands still pressing her privates- and slid the jar in the place i thought was her pee hole, but Alina took the jar and adjusted it. A trickle came out and then she suddenly stopped. barely filling the bottom.

Alina: I can't do this, what if they find the jar?

I was gonna say that we can hide it, but I know better than arguing with a girl with a full bladder.

I put the jar away, but not far, where I could still reach if she wants it later on.

Alina: Could you..... (Blush) Could you please squeeze my crotch? My hands are tired....

She was blushing HARD now. Her face was like a tomato.

Alina: Okay..... On three,

I didn't know what she was going for, but I put my hands on her thigh. Close to her privates.

Alina: 1, 2, 3, NOW!

I slid my hands fast to the place that she put the jar into, while her hands moved away.

I sqeezed at her privates, while she slowly laid down, and put her head on my lap.

Alina: Hope you don't mind....

I looked away, not saying a word, but inside, I was having the best time of my life!!

After about 10 minutes, She had her eyes closed now, my arms starting to get tired, I loosed my grip on her precious parts that I was gratefully allowed to touch.

She flinched, and a trickle of pee wet my hands.

Alina: Oh my! So sorry Jake! ...... UHhh! JAR NOW!!! JAKE!!!

I literally got a heart attack, but I grabbed at the jar, she now had her skirt and panties off, which were on the car floor, she looked more beautiful than she ever was. Sobbing, grabbing at her privates.

Bottoms Off.

I slid the jar into the place that she did last time, and literally the same second I put the jar, pee spurted out, and I pressed the jar up her privates harder as i noticed that she wasn't peeing in a straight line. It was spraying. Would've been fine if a toilet, but a jar, not so much.

After about legit 2 minutes, she stopped peeing. I took the jar from under her, and left her crying. Still half naked :3

After 10 minutes of her sobbing, and me staring, she raised her head, looked around her, and saw me shaking a jar filled with pee teasingly.

She gave me nudge, and looked down, noticed she was naked and grabbed at her privates. It seemed like her mentality went crazy cause of the pee or something. She moved her hands for a moment while she was picking up the skirt and panties, gave me a wink.

She stood up, and put her panties on real slow, then her skirt. She was obviously teasing me with her amazing looking body.

She sat back down, gave me a kiss on the cheek wispering, "Thanks"

That's when my and Alina's parents came.

Mom: Sorry we're late!

Dad: The lines were really long. We spent half the time waiting in line.

Mom: Had fun?

Me and Alina look at each other.

We laughed.

*003*2013-12-30 23:46

{{ 

Nice, but it belongs in Fiction. This subforum is for real experiences.

That said, it is a nice read!

}}

Thank you, this is my first post.

And it probably does belong in Fiction, I didn't realize I was in Real-Life Experince.

*004*2013-12-30 23:47

{{ 

Amazing story, I was on the edge of my seat from the first sentence.

}}

Thanks! You will probably find me in the Fiction section now.

Thank you so much again!

*008*2014-02-10 10:32

{{ 

Wow your a great writer!

}}

Thank you!

