Another Movie Wetting

Author: Krystal

*000*2013-10-14 19:56

Hi, folks ! I'd like to relate another one of my omo adventures to you, if that's OK ?

It was a beautiful summer Saturday evening, so I was dressed quite casually in a white vest top (tee shirt to you Americans), a pair of black cotton leggings and white socks, and we were relaxing on the couch with a nice bottle of red wine.

I say 'we', because my oh-so-pretty roommate Emily was staying in for once on a Saturday night, and we had decided to watch a movie together.

I love watching movies so much; it's probably one of my favourite things to do in my spare time.

I picked Zombieland, which is a bit of a romantic comedy but also a thriller, so we were able to agree on that one.

Then I turned out the lights in the living room, because i really prefer seeing a movie in a dark theatre, and this made it seem more like that to me.

Anyhow, there we were, sitting together on the couch in the dark, watching this great movie and sharing the red wine. :) It was delicious, by the way...

Emily was dressed so cutely in a tiny red cropped tee shirt and really tight skinny jeans with frilly pink socks, and even though I LOVE Zombieland, I just couldn't help stealing glances at her. She looked lovely by the flickering light of the TV set in that dark room, I must say.

Of course, the red wine was also starting to get me a little bit tipsy as we got about thirty-five minutes into the movie, and I also started getting that familiar feeling that told me i was going to probably need to get up to use the potty soon.

Before much more time had passed, I was more than a little tipsy, and I started to shuffle a little where I was sitting.

I began to wonder if maybe Emily was in the same state I was, but I really couldn't tell from her facial expression or body language; she was watching the movie raptly, and she wasn't squirming or fidgeting in place like i was.

In fact, at first she seemed to be totally unaware of my ever increasing need to pee.

Less than halfway through the movie, my hand had sneaked its way down to my thigh and was just resting there when I suddenly shuddered as I felt a small wave of desperation hit me. I looked over at Emily, hoping she still hadn't noticed anything, and I smiled when i saw that she had both hands down between her legs now.

She was getting desperate too !

I quickly looked away so she didn't catch on to the fact that I knew she also had to pee pretty badly now and went back to watching the movie, but still couldn't keep myself from glancing over quickly at her every now and again as both of us slowly became more and more desperate.

About 50 minutes into the movie, I was suddenly hit by a really severe wave of desperation, the kind you can barely resist... and i didn't manage to, well, not completely anyhow. I blushed a bright shade of crimson as I felt a bit of hot pee escape my wee hole to dampen my violet coloured cotton bikini knickers, but I somehow was able to keep from losing it totally and wetting myself then and there on the couch beside my pretty roommate.

But at this point I knew it was really only a matter of time before one of us wet, because now Em was looking quite desperate as well, squirming in place and double crossing her legs as she leaned forward slightly and sat right at the edge of the couch.

For some strange reason, neither of us wanted to admit how badly we had to go to the other, though.

It was like an unofficial holding contest now...

By the time we had gotten near the end of the movie. I had my hand in my knickers and when I looked over at Emily, she was squirming with both hands on her crotch and her jeans undone so I was able to see just a bit of her lime green knickers. As we turned to face each other, she smiled wickedly, moved her her hands to my hips and started tickling me. This took me completely by surprise, and I began to laugh and brought my hands quickly down to my sides to protect myself, but it was no use. I already had to pee so badly, and her tickling me was the last straw...

Suddenly I felt myself squirting a nice long stream of hot pee into my knickers, and as she kept on tickling me I was laughing uncontrollably and gasping, until i finally managed to get out a few quick words.

I blurted out, "OMG... Please stop, Em, I'm peeing my pants!"

I think maybe she thought she'd won and that it was OK to stop before I completely wet myself, but when I felt her long fingernails stop tickling me, I saw my chance to go on the offensive, so I attacked her sides and started to tickle her mercilessly. Now it was her turn to squirm, wriggle, and gasp uncontrollably as I somehow was able to reach up and start tickling her armpits even though she ended up sitting on top of me, and she was shaking her head back and forth and screaming with laughter, until she cried out, "Oh NOOOO!" and I could feel her jeans getting soaked with her pee as she wet herself... but then she was able to do the same to me now, and I started laughing so hard I actually lost control and fully wet myself too !

I can't say the rest... but it was certainly a fun Saturday night, even if we did end up staying home !

*002*2013-10-14 19:58

Thank you again Frosty !!!!!!!!!!

*007*2013-10-16 00:03

Thank you !! <3

*009*2013-10-16 18:22

Thank you so much, I hope to have more soon ^^

*012*2013-10-19 16:40

Thank you all <3

