Girlfriend desperate after an exam

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-01-24 14:03

A couple of years ago I was I was lucky enough to see my then-girlfriend bursting to pee after one of her university exams. For those who like descriptions, she was middle-eastern, extremely attractive, very petite and cute, with long black hair and olive skin. One this particular day she was wearing skinny jeans and a cardigan.

We'd arranged to meet up and go for a coffee after her 2-hour long exam in the morning. I met her in the lobby of the university building, and as I saw her walking towards me I noticed that she seemed to be in a hurry, and although she was smiling she looked quite tense and flustered. As I greeted her I noticed that her cheeks were flushed, and she was slightly breathless, but I didn't mention it to her.

As we left the building hand in hand, and began to walk to the coffee shop, she gave my hand a quick squeeze and bit her lip. 'Babe, can we hurry back to yours instead of going for coffee? I really need a wee' she said shyly. This was a massive surprise to me, as she was usually really shy about going to the loo and hated people knowing she had to go, let alone admitting to being desperate. I laughed and said of course we could, and I jokingly told her that she should have gone before her exam.

'I did, but I had a big cup of tea this morning to help me wake up and that always makes me need to go.' she said quietly, she squeezed my hand again as if to emphasise her need. 'Must have been hard to concentrate on your exam!' I said sympathetically, but secretly wanting to hear more. 'Oh it was awful, I was squirming around in my seat the whole time, crossing and uncrossing my legs. I thought about asking to go but I just didn't have time.' We had to stop for a second to cross a road, and she crossed her legs tightly before continuing. 'They took forever collecting in the papers at the end as well, so I just had to sit there and wait absolutely dying... then when they finally let us go I practically ran out of the room'.

I thought about asking her why she just didn't use the toilets in the building, but she always hated public toilets and would only use them if there was literally no other option, and so she obviously felt that she could hang on until we got back to my flat as it was only a 10 minute walk. As we passed a small supermarket, I realised that I didn't have any food in the flat that we could have for lunch, and so I suggested that we go in quickly and buy a sandwich. Reluctantly, she agreed. 'Ok... but lets hurry' she said quietly as she walked inside. We had a quick look at the sandwiches and I picked one out quickly, but she was obviously having trouble deciding, distracted by her need to pee. I needed to pick up a couple more things, so I said I'd go and grab them quickly while she was choosing. She nodded, not really listening, shifting her weight from foot to foot before crossing her legs tightly as she tried to concentrate on choosing something to eat.

I quickly grabbed what I needed and rejoined her. As I rounded the corner to the aisle, I saw her with her legs still crossed tightly, but now she was bouncing up and down slightly as well, clearly bursting but trying to be as discrete as she could. She caught my eye and flashed me a cute little embarassed smile, realising I'd caught her fidgeting. She walked towards me, sandwich in hand. 'I can't help it, I need a wee' she said shyly, blushing hard and I told her that we'd hurry back to mine so she could go for one. We joined the queue to pay at the self checkout machines, which was pretty long due to the lunchtime rush. 

Seeing the length of the queue, she sighed in frustration and crossed her legs again, biting her lip as she anxiously watched people paying for their stuff. We were only waiting for a couple of minutes but it must have felt like ages, she only uncrossed her legs when the queue moved forwards, and she crossed them again immediately when she was standing still. After lots of fidgeting, leg crossing, sighing and lip biting, we finally paid and began to walk quickly back to mine.

We chatted a bit about her exam, but her mind was clearly on other things. Her voice was strained, and whenever we stopped to cross a road she would immediately cross her legs, occasionally bouncing slightly on the spot if we had to wait for more than a few seconds. As we were walking down the road to my flat, we were walking so fast we were almost jogging, and she clearly didn't want to waste any time getting to the toilet. As I unlocked the door to the block she was almost dancing on the spot, and as we hurried up the stairs she put a hand on her stomach, feeling how full her bladder was.

'Ooh my belly's so bloated, I can't wait to have a wee' she said laughing, obviously becoming frantic now that relief was close. As I unlocked the door to my flat I decided to tease her, pretending that my key wouldn't work in the lock. 'Oh come on!' she said exasperatedly and pleaded with me to unlock the door, doing the cutest need-a-wee dance I've ever seen, dancing from foot to foot with her hands on her hips, bending forwards slightly and biting her lip. I made her wait just a couple more seconds (evil I know!) before I unlocked the door and she rushed past me, hurrying inside.

She kicked off her shoes and rushed into the living room, putting her bag down on the floor. She turned around and bit her lip, still dancing around frantically. I walked up to her and kissed her, my hands on her waist, feeling her squirming against me, clearly wanting to rush off for a wee. 'May I use your bathroom please?' she asked breathlessly, too polite to just hurry off despite the fact that she was absolutely bursting. I tickled her sides, making her giggle and moan softly as she squirmed away.

'No' I said laughing, pulling her in for another kiss. She kissed me back, still squriming like mad. I reached down and moved my hand slowly between her legs, making her moan softly as we kissed, before she quickly pulled away. 'Babe, just let me go for a wee first, honestly I'm so desperate' she said giggling, but the strain in her voice was clear. I laughed and said ok, not wanting to be too cruel. Despite how turned on I was, she was clearly in some discomfort and I'd never prevent her from going when she desperately needed to. She gave me a quick kiss and hurried off, turning round and flashing me a cheeky smile as she did so. She came back a few minutes later, her face still flushed but looking much more relaxed. 'Relieved?' I asked her cheekily, giving her a hug. 'Ooh I feel so much better now, thanks babe!' she said brightly.

