Pee Challenge (totally peed my pants)

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-12-23 02:28

Currently about half way through that questionnaire link someone posted called pee challenge and I am very desperate! I haven't been this desperate like ever, so I want to see where this goes, and sorta write this as it happens. I've drunk 3 big cups of water and sat around for about an hour and a half total. I can feel the pressure building at my wee hole and it's awful and awesome at the same time. *fidget*

I think a little escaped. That's never really happened before! I haven't actually had an accident for a long time. I should go get my stuff ready for a shower so I don't accidentally pee all over the floor.

Ah! Standing was a bad idea, but I'm ok, I made sure to leave the bathroom door OPEN. I had to let the dog out too. If I were to scale my desperation I would probably put it at 8 right now, and it came on fast. UGH It told me to wait a half hour and I'm only 10 minutes in. I'm not sure if I will make it through this whole challenge!

I've never been one to actually put my hands in my crotch to hold, but I'm close now. I am sitting on the very edge of my seat to hold in the pee. My dog is looking at me innocently like “what's up, you look stressed.” OMG I HAVE TO PEE NOW! Ah... no, no, no, I can't even stand now, I have to go or I will piss all over the couch and be in so much trouble. *waddle to the bathroom*

No, no, I can wait longer, I can do this. No I can't, AH! I'm gonna peeeeeee.

Ok I'm just gonna go do it and be done with it, this can't be good for my kidneys.

###

Now that I'm not too desperate to think, I'll tell y'all what happened. I took tiny steps to the bathroom, and I spurted half way there, making me stop for a second. I made it to the bathroom though. Then I debated, tub or floor, and almost didn't make it to the tub. I hopped in and immediately started to pee. Immediate relief overwhelmed me. I peed for at least 30 seconds without a choice, then pushed the rest out for another minute or so. Pee ran down mostly my left leg, warming my whole person. I started to feel a distinct ecstasy that I usually only feel after a good *ahem* “session” on this website. Not until I started my shower did I realize I actually had an orgasm when I wet my pants. Only after staring at the beauty of my wet jeans for a bit, I rinsed my clothes so they wouldn't smell like pee all night, and took a great shower.

*003*2013-12-24 02:50

Thank you all for your feedback, it's a really fun challenge, I totally recommend it.

