Frosty Does The Dishes

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-04-12 00:18

Frosty Does The Dishes

Although my girlfriend Norah and I have an unusual relationship, life as a couple is much the same for us as it is for any other two people who live together.

We have our good days and our bad days; times when we get along perfectly, and times when there are problems.

Usually, our difficult days are my own fault; I have to admit that there are times when I’m unable to maintain even the semblance of normal sanity due to the combination of psychological problems I have... on the plus side, since I have been with Norah, these days seem to happen less and less frequently.

But when they do happen, it is debilitating.

In the grip of a panic attack, flustered, unable to complete even the simplest tasks, I will usually call in sick to work because even getting dressed and out the door in time will be too much for me.

On a normal day, I’m prone to forgetting my keys or my work ID… on a bad day, I’m so distracted I could step in front of a bus without even realizing I wasn’t on the sidewalk anymore.

And I might still be in my pajamas when it happened.

Usually on those days, I just curl up in bed with a cup of tea and a good book, or get on the laptop and see what’s going on around here.

Time passes, and by focusing on something other than my inability to focus, I usually feel better after awhile.

Distractions are not a big deal when you aren’t doing something that requires you to do it right, lol.

But then while I’m not thinking about it, sometimes something I need to do will fall through the cracks in my head, so to speak.

Norah is almost always very understanding and kind on my bad days.

She knows it’s not my fault that I’m the way that I am and that if I could change, I would in a heartbeat.

But sometimes even she has a bad day, and if she’s angry or frustrated, I might not get off so easily for an infraction like forgetting to do something I should have done.

For example, not doing the dishes before she gets home.

She’s a professional chef, and she does all the cooking in our house.

Thanks mainly to my ADD, I must be the world’s worst cook. I get distracted while I’m in the middle of a recipe, and forget to add something, or add it twice, and I’m prone to just wandering off in the middle and forgetting there’s something on the stove or in the oven until the all-too-familiar burning smell reminds me I’ve messed up again.

After enough times of that happening, Norah won’t let me near the kitchen until clean-up time any more.

She cooks, I clean… I have the easy job; most of the time, anyhow.

But she hates seeing a sink full of dirty dishes. It’s a pet peeve of hers.

I think she’s just used to the way things are at the restaurant, all neat and clean and always squared away.

And I like it better that way myself, because usually my OCD goes into overdrive when things are too cluttered.

But on a really bad day, I just hide away from it all and tell myself I’ll deal with it later, and I usually do.

Here’s a story about a time I didn’t.

I was having one of my bad days, so I took a couple of melatonin pills in the evening and as a result,

I fell asleep much earlier than I normally do and didn’t get to the dishes before Norah got home.

Big mistake...

When I woke up the next day, I had totally forgotten about the dishes in the sink.

Norah was still asleep in bed while I got dressed to walk the dog.

He was pretty eager to go, and I was already feeling the urge myself, but I knew Norah wasn’t going to give me permission to pee before I’d taken the K9 for his stroll, so I pulled on a pair of skinny jeans, a black t-shirt, black flats, a black sweatshirt, and a grey headband to keep my hair out of my face while I walked the beastie.

As usual, it was tough having to hold my pee in while the dog was lifting his leg and squirting wherever he felt like, and bending down to pick up his poop put pressure on my bladder, which I really didn’t need right then.

But I’m used to it by now, and if I don’t wait around too long in the morning before I take him out, it’s difficult but not impossible for me to hold until I get back home.

Of course, he had to take his time about pooping, and he usually dumps at least twice before I can bring him back home.

This time, though, it was obvious that he didn’t want to head back home yet, so we kept walking in the opposite direction for awhile before he went for the third and hopefully last time.

Then we turned back towards home and, hopefully, relief for me.

I could feel my full bladder pressing against the waistband of my jeans, and I was really eager to go, but I hadn’t started leaking into my panties yet, so I knew I’d make it home without any problems even though we’d been out on our walk for a little longer than usual.

I guessed that by the time we got back, Norah would be up.

She’d be sitting there having a cup of coffee and waiting for us, so she’d see I’d done what I needed to and give me permission to use the bathroom right away.

I was really looking forward to that at this point, because the urge was getting much stronger the closer I got to home, and to the anticipated release of all the pee I’d stored up inside me since the night before.

When we got back, I took the K9 off his lead and hung it up carefully on its hook in the entryway, then went into the kitchen and gave him his two dog biscuits while his tail wagged happily.

Feeling closer and closer to losing it by now, I got his food and bent down to fill up his dish.

But when I went to give him a bowl of fresh clean water from the sink, I realized I hadn’t cleared out the sink yesterday before going to bed. Not good…

Norah came up behind me, put her arms around my waist and said, “After you do the dishes, you can go pee, sweetie.”

And she kissed me gently before she walked away.

Now I was in trouble.

I already had to go pretty badly. This wasn’t going to be easy at all.

I just had to hope that there would be dirty dishes in the dishwasher and that it wasn’t full, because then I could put the dirty dishes from the sink in there right away.

No such luck.

Norah had run the dishwasher when she got home last night, so before I could put anything in there

I was going to have to empty it out and put everything away first.

I began to regret not having dealt with all this the night before as I felt a small leak steal into my black cotton panties.

With a sigh, I began to empty the clean dishes, taking them out of the dishwasher and stacking them in the cupboard above it, sorting everything as I went so that it was neatly and properly organized.

Luckily, I could do most of this standing there with my legs tightly crossed, because my bladder was now rock hard and swollen.

I could feel its full state, and it was harder to hold my pee in now because I had just been anticipating being allowed to go as soon as I was done feeding the K9.

As I bent down to pick up a handful of silverware, I felt myself leak again.

Norah was in the living room, and I knew there was no use begging her to let me go pee until I had finished my tasks, so I sighed again, a bit deeper this time, and opened the silverware drawer.

Putting the silverware away wasn’t a big deal; it’s just that my OCD won’t let me put things away without being perfectly organized, and when you have to pee really badly, it’s distracting.

I had to focus on putting everything away correctly according to me, which meant I couldn’t concentrate on not wetting myself.

Eventually I managed to get everything emptied out of the dishwasher and put away… but I was now pretty desperate.

I started loading the dirty items from the sink into the dishwasher, sorting the dishes by size, then the cups and glasses, and finally the silverware.

Then I added the soap, closed the washer and started the cycle.

And I leaked a little more pee into my panties again.

After that, all I had ahead of me was the hardest part.

I had to wash the cooking utensils and the pots and pans by hand.

I turned on the tap and started the hot water running, then added a bit of cold water.

The sound of the water flowing into the sink was bad enough, considering my desperate state.

But now I had to actually put my hands under the very warm water to wash the pots and pans and cooking utensils.

A lot of people will say that the ‘hand in warm water makes you pee’ trick doesn’t actually work;

I’ve never tried it on anyone myself, so I wouldn’t know about it making a sleeping person wet herself.

All I can tell you for sure is that as soon as both of my hands were under that stream of hot water,

I felt an involuntary spurt of pee shoot out into my panties before I quickly clamped my thighs together hard to prevent any more from coming out. Oh, yes, it definitely worked on me.

The sound of the running water combined with the warm and wet sensation of it flowing over my hands as I started to wash the pots and pans in the sink was pure torture;

I had to pee so badly now, and I couldn’t even put my hand over my privates and apply pressure there since both of them were busy, and soaking wet as well.

All I could do was stand there, and try to get through this as quickly as possible before I actually lost control and peed my pants.

Norah was now standing in the kitchen doorway, sipping her coffee and smiling at my growing distress as I began rapidly shifting my weight from foot to foot and squirming in place.

I’d have given anything to just be able to walk around for a minute, but I knew better than to try to do that.

I had to finish the whole job, and properly, or she wouldn’t give me permission to pee anyway and then

I’d definitely wet myself, no doubt about that.

Ohmigosh, I really needed to pee now. I was now leaking steadily into my panties.

I could feel how wet they were, and it wasn’t just from the urine I was having trouble holding in anymore.

Holding for any long period of time always gets me aroused, and by now, after more than 9 hours of it,

I was also oozing girl fluid into my panties, the dampness making them very sticky down between my legs.

I was pee dancing in place, shifting my weight from foot to foot, and squirming like crazy in an effort to keep from wetting myself before I finished the job.

Norah just stood there, watching my growing desperation with an amused smile on her face.

I was reaching the end, of both my ability to hold any longer and of the cooking utensils, now.

It was a race, it was going to be close, and it could go either way.

As I carefully washed the last of Norah’s super sharp cooking knives, trying not to slice myself,

I felt another squirt of hot pee release inadvertently.

Now I had not just wet my panties; my leaking fluids were starting to soak thru my skinny bluejeans, and I was about to lose control completely.

Before I could shut the water off and start to dry the last knife, I spurted another stream of hot pee into my undies.

I clenched my muscles, trying to keep the pee in for another minute.

Just one more minute and I could go use the toilet.

But I didn’t have another minute in me.

That last effort to stop the flow had exhausted the final bit of my ability to hold, and with a sigh of resignation,

I bent over the sink supporting myself with my arms to keep from collapsing as the long-restrained urine started to rush out of my poor tortured bladder, streaming through my panties and soaking my jeans, streaking them with those familiar dark patterns of wetness before ending up pooling at my feet on the tiled kitchen floor.

It was all I could do to keep from dropping the knife I was still holding in my hand.

If I had done that, Norah would probably have been really mad. Thank goodness I hadn’t.

As it was, she had truly enjoyed my display of helpless desperation, and the fact that I had just wet myself yet again was the icing on the cake, so to speak.

As for me, after wetting myself, I was relieved in one way, but still unsatisfied in another.

Holding like that and then being forced to pee my panties always gets me so excited, and if Norah is there to see it, she will always take care of that for me.

And this time was no different…

Please feel free to comment, people !

*004*2013-04-12 02:42

{{ 

Wow sis, that was really hot! You got me all excited now ;)

}}

:wub: thanks... just like your movie theatre adventure always does to me ! :)

*007*2013-04-12 16:01

{{ 

Frosty you have done it again, another exciting pee holding and wetting story. My favorite stories are ones where you struggle to hold on, but wet your pants, after some leaks and spurts. I love the details squirming grabbing yourself, and statements like my pee is about to come out .This is especially true, because you get excited and rewarded by Norah.

I remember one of my comments to your status a couple days ago was about your doing the dishes when you need to pee, (it was one of those lost when the site crashed). I commented that I would find that particularly thrilling because one way I challenge myself is to hold my pee until I am really full and then do the dishes. It usually involves much squirming and squeezing, but I usually get away with just some leaking, and just a partial pants wetting. Sometimes I actually stay dry.

As luck would have it I am having some trouble concentrating on this post because I have been holding my pee for a few hours. I have to pee quite badly; my bladder is bulging against my pants. I have been debating what to do about it. Your story reminds me I did not have time to do the dishes yesterday.

Hmm I just did laundry yesterday so I really don’t want to wet my pants, but perhaps I might give the dishes a try. Oh, one thing I do not have a dishwasher. I must do them by hand. it will take a while with my hands in the hot water.

}}

OMG... good luck holding ! I'm so glad i didn't have to do all the dishes by hand, although now that i think about it, it wouldn't have made a difference in the final result, LOL !

*009*2013-04-12 16:16

Thanks to all of you that have read my latest adventure, and special thanks to those of you that have taken the time to post comments.

I really do appreciate it !

*011*2013-04-12 23:29

{{ 

Has Norah ever peed her pants?

}}

Everybody pees their pants eventually... but Norah is much tougher than i am when it comes to that.

So far it hasn't happened, at least not when i was around to see it.

In any case, she doesn't need my permission to go, LOL !

