Fun in a hammock

Author: tgerald

*000*2014-06-12 16:06

This is a fairly tame experience but I thought I'd relay it just the same.

My wife and I were on a cruise and one of the stops was Labadee Haiti which was a private island for the cruise line. They had some fun activities but we wanted to just soak up the sun and relax. We went and sat on the beach for a while and then went for a walk around some of the little trails they have.

Eventually we came across this area that overlooked the beach and had 3 hammocks. There were already couples in two of them so we took up residence in the third. For a while we just laid there snuggling and enjoying the sun. My wife then whispers in my ear that she should have peed back at the beach because her 2 or so rum runners were kicking in. I said, "well, we can walk back down if you want." She said, "ok, maybe in a bit, I'm just enjoying this."

So we went back to snuggling. I was laying on my back and she was on her side with a leg thrown over mine. About this time, i noticed a warmth on my thigh. I opened my eyes and pulled her chin up to catch my gaze. She was smiling and giggling. I said, "Are you????". She said, "I didn't feel like leaving just yet.".

About this time she let loose. I felt a torrent of warmth running around my thigh and soaking the crotch of my bathing trunks. I looked over at the other two couples and they were just lost in their own worlds relaxing and kissing.

When she was finally done, she reached down and grabbed the front of my suit and said, "did that do anything for you?". it was obvious that it had. She started to stroke my cock though the fabric for a bit. It wasn't long before I couldn't take it anymore. I slid myself down in the hammock and pulled the leg of my suit up as far as it would go so I could get as much of my cock out as possible. I rolled over on to my side so I was facing her and reached down and pulled the crotch of her suit to the side. As I entered her, she let out a fairly large gasp. When I looked over at the other couples, it was obvious that they had heard as well as both the guy and the girl on the one were looking over and the guy from the other couple was as well.

I slowly rocked my hips into her and thrust my dick into her pee soacked and super wet vagina. I could only get about 1/2 of it in due to the clothing restrictions and our position. After a few minutes, I saw that the one couple was glancing over at us and had obviously found some inspiration because she had her hand down his pants and was stocking his cock and he was rubbing her pussy through her suit.

As much as I would have liked to make this last, I was starting to feel the need to cum. Being the gentleman that I am, I reached down and rubbed my wife's clit just the way I know she likes it. She came in a quick shutter and moan. That was all I could take. I pulled out of her, rolled her onto her back, and jerked my suit down in the front. In the next motion, I entered her and thrust my entire shaft inside of her. It only took about 5 strokes until I came deep in her pussy.

We only laid there a moment or two recovering when I heard the lady in the other hammock groan in obvious pleasure. When I looked over, they were in about the original position we were in. I looked just in time to see him tense and jerk as he busted his nut silently.

We all laid there for another 5 minutes or so and then we got up and went to the beach. On the walk down, my wife told me to check something out. My load was coming out around the sides of her bathing suit and running down her leg. She wanted to jump in the water and wash it off, but I woudln't let her. We walked around for a bit and then boarded the ship with a fairly good gob of jizz running down her inner thigh.

