My first wetting, all down to you awesome people :)

Author: Joiningin

*000*2013-10-07 14:54

Well since my name here is Joiningin I think it's about damn well time I joined in!

I've decided to see what I can put myself through, and I'm going to stay in chat for the duration. I've also added my skype so if any of you would like to join me there and chain me to my laptop (I have to use headphones as the built in mic is too close to the speakers) then by all means do so.

I'm going to do a little diary here too for everyone's delectation later on.

So let's start:

Midday: Went potty and got rid of everything. I'm now set up

1500: Still at a 1, had to go out and run a couple of errands, Antifairy suggested I take my coffee with me so I did. That got me thinking, you guys have done this before so I'd like some tips, advice or demands. Later while I was getting stomach ache at being super excited I thought "Screw it, members of omorashi.org, my bladder is yours to command!"

So, get your backsides in chat and let me know what you want me to do! I really want to be able to hold on until midnight no matter what. I'd also like to do a video or two, but I'll need someone's guidance with the webcam there.

1600: First coffee down (0.4l) still a 1 though :(

Frank123 suggested a beer, a coffee, tea and water in the next hour, but reneged to 2 hours since I wouldn't be able to fit it in!

1705: I'm at a 4 now, not looking forward to this beer and coffee. Still determined to make it until midnight though.

I'm thinking of ideas to what I'll do when I finally lose it. Shall I wet? I'm wearing some faded blue jeans but would y'all prefer boxers, shorts (I have some beige ones), sweat pants (they're really baggy though) or should I whip it out and measure?

1730: Definite 5, time to turn the tv on and the heating to take the chill off me. Just had a couple of spasms but got through it!

1755: At a 7 now, getting up or sitting down causes more pressure. Still got that coffee to have! Wish I was a girl right now so crossing my legs has an effect

1840: Towel ready, bottle ready, walking hurts, sitting hurts. I'm now sitting on a toe-capped boot since I can't sit on my heel

1850: If this isn't a 10 I don't know what is. I can't sit anymore and typing this cross legged and bobbing. NEED to make 7pm so I can aim for 7.30

1910: Realised I could do both wetting and measuring! I could probably last longer but figured if I didn't measure this hold it'd be a waste of seeing how much I was holding. Not impressed, looked like 1.2 - 1.3 litres, the average for me. It was orgasmic though! I feel lighter and omg it was good! Well time to start again and now I'm not stopping until I burst!

*001*2013-10-07 19:56

Ok new post since this is part two.

2055: Full of food now since I last ate about 9am... Surprised I'm only a 2 after a beer and a coffee. Shall be ramping it up in bit

2130: ramping up time. Hinochi said I should have 2 mugs of water while I'm making 2 coffees. Man I feel full now, and not in the good way!

2200: Jumped from 2 to 4 in a few seconds, and now I feel like an 8. Squeezing my legs together already and hoping this is a wave that passes because I'm enjoying this. Never really done the pee dance before and I want to have to

2210: spasms passed, then came stright back. I'm now standing cross-legged and bobbing again, pee dance here i come

2225: full on pee dancing, out of breath from it, nearly spurted and it feels like its about to force its way out

2240: Spurted. Thought I was going to lose it so changed my tactics to hold it until quarter to

2248: Second spurt, and I don't dare check my pants. I've not been able to move from this cross legged position for nearly 20 minutes

2254: Third spurt and it felt much bigger. Finally dared to move and check my pants and there's a definite wet patch. My holding target has been moving to the next 5 minute mark with lots of encouragement from chat.

2258: Uh oh, spurt 4? They're telling me this is because I'm releasing pressure but I'm not feeling an overfull bladder just my pee muscles losing control

2305: Having hit another target, I tried to stand up and pee dance a little again. Big mistake! My bent over position had been protecting me from the fullness, now it feels like I'm even more desperate!

2309: It all hurts! I've never felt this kind of pain, my bladder and pee muscles feel like my legs would after running a marathon then having to carry a tv afterwards. Spurt 5 comes and I'm SO close to losing it

2313: Everyone's cheering me on to make it another two minutes, as spurt 6 turns into losing it. The feeling of the pee running through my pants and jeans is awesome and I'm savouring every minute of it. At first I try to stop the flow, and it almost works a couple of times before my muscles finally give up. I haven't even got the strength to squeeze it out so it's a long dribble. I squat to get it all over my bum and lie down to let it run round my hips. If it weren't for the towel I lay down earlier I think I'd be rolling in the puddle

2319: All the pee is finally out. My jeans feel about three times the weight as they've contained about 95% of the urine. Time to strip off, take pictures and get a shower. Well I'll get a shower when I have the energy, I'm exhausted from nearly 40 minutes of pee dancing and leg squeezing!

Thanks go out to Frank123, Hinochi, Bertie, and if I've missed anyone tell me and I'll give you a separate shout out. Pictures in next post

0112: Ugh the pictures can wait, I'm exhausted. One more cup of water and this update before bed

*002*2013-10-08 03:19

0410: I thought I wasn't going to have another post until the morning but that last cup of water says otherwise. Just been woken up by the twinges, wow my muscles must be ruined because my bladder only feels like a 4 yet I've just been squeezing like mad to get it back under control.

*004*2013-10-08 12:28

Well about 4:20am, after trying to keep it in AND sleep I lost it again. It's a wierd sensation peeing lay down and I could feel it run down the middle of my legs where they were pressed together. It's a double bed so I just rolled over and went to sleep

I've now been up since 6:30am, where the same thing happened. I was annoyed now that I've had about four hours sleep so I ignored it, and held, and failed again. I haven't been since then, but I want to start a 24hr hold (or at least attempt it!) starting at 2pm. My concern is sleeping with a full bladder...

*007*2013-10-09 14:10

Oh yeah I wasn't holding out much hope, I lost it 6 hours in and by then the desire to do things like that faded so I'm resting :)

