A little too brave

Author: Jodan

*000*2014-05-12 18:45

I wasn't totally sure which board to post this on, but since it does involve something that actually happened, I decided this one would probably be the proper place for it.

I’m wondering if anyone else ever tried something like this. I've always had this little quirk of mine as far back as I can remember. It became much more focused after I wet my pants in class in the first grade, but even before then, if I found myself home alone or something along those lines, I’d rarely pass up a chance to pee myself if I could do it without getting caught. I didn't know why, I just enjoyed it and was fascinated by the idea of other’s doing it as well, though I rarely got to see that.

As I got older, I came up with something I could do even if I wasn't in a situation where I could fully wet my pants. If I was at school or something along those lines, needed to pee and the mood struck, I’d go to the bathroom as usual and use the toilet. Only at the last second, as my stream started to dwindle and I knew I only had maybe a second or two worth of pee left in me, I’d quickly put my, eh… self… back in my underwear while still going, and finish the very last of it in them. The result was usually just a wet spot on my boxers that would be totally hidden when I zipped up and buttoned my pants. I’d go back to whatever it was I had been doing enjoying the feeling of wet underwear and nobody was any the wiser. This worked pretty well, but alas, as I got older, I got braver.

When I was in the seventh grade (putting me around age 14), the class went on one of those rare field trips that had absolutely no educational value whatsoever. We went to a bowling alley. My school was a tiny little K-12 school in a small mountain community. Our town didn’t have so much as a drive through restaurant, much less a bowling alley, so we had to take a pretty long and winding bus ride down a mountain road to get where we were going. All told, it took us a little over an hour to arrive. By that time I had to pee pretty badly, so I went straight to the restrooms.

Of course, I wasn’t the only one who needed to go, so there was a small line of other students at the restrooms. This wasn’t an emergency or anything, so I waited through the line, and it so happened that when my turn came, the only space open was a closed stall. All the actual urinals were being used by other kids from my class. So I went into the stall and that odd mood struck me. So, I unzipped, undid the little button that kept the fly of my boxers closed, pulled… myself… through and started peeing into the toilet. At the last second of my stream I put it back in my boxers, a little warm wet spot formed on them, and I zipped and buttoned everything back up. It worked perfectly. I went out and bowled for a while.

A couple hours passed and soon I needed to go again. I excused myself from my little group of friends and went to the boy’s room. This time I was alone in the restroom, but I still chose the closed stall over the urinal. I had unbuttoned and unzipped my dark blue jeans and was about to undo the little button on the fly of my now nearly dry boxers when I had an idea… a very stupid idea in retrospect. I decided that I would simply aim myself and try to pee hard enough to just pee straight through my boxers. I honestly figured that most of the pee would just go straight through my boxers and into the toilet, leaving not much of a wet patch behind. Now, keep in mind that it’s not like I had by jeans down around my ankles, they were still pulled all the way up; just unbuttoned and unzipped like I was going to pee as normal. Feeling a mild rush, I let go and started peeing.

At first it seemed to be doing exactly what I expected. A stream shot through the fabric of my boxers and into the toilet, the fresh wet spot only maybe about as big as a quarter. But within a second or two I realized that, even though I still had most of a full bladder in me, I couldn't keep pushing as hard as I was for very long. After just a second or two the strength of my stream started to subside just ever so slightly and the wet spot on my boxers started to quickly spread. Another second later, my pee wasn't even getting to the toilet anymore. It just surged through the fabric a little and the wet spot continued to grow even faster. Keep in mind this all happened over only a few seconds, so I wasn't soaked yet and my jeans were still safe, but I knew I had made a serious misjudgment here. 

I started to panic and tried to stop peeing and pull myself out of the fly of my underwear to finish the rest in the toilet. Of course I couldn't stop going and it just kept coming out full force, and of course, in my panic I had forgotten about the little button on the fly of my boxers, so my first attempt at getting it out of my underwear was a dismal failure. I really accomplished nothing more than re-positioning… myself… so that the stream was now aimed to my right, and I felt pee starting to go down my right leg. I fumbled some more with the button on my fly, the wet spot now spreading down enough that it was wetting my jeans as well. My heart was pounding. By the time I got free of my boxers, I had already peed a little more than half of it into my pants. I finished in the toilet and stood there shaking.

I examined the damage and it was pretty bad. Of course, my boxers were thoroughly soaked. My jeans were also very wet. The wet spot covered the crotch of my jeans, down the left leg a few inches, and down the right leg almost to the knee. It was bad… I didn't know what to do exactly. I was certain that if I went back out there now, everyone would clearly be able to see that I had peed myself. So I just stayed where I was for a while. I’m actually surprised that nobody came looking for me. A couple people came in, used the urinals and left, but no one seemed to realize I was in the stall. 

After maybe ten minutes or so, my jeans, though still obviously wet, had lost that shiny just peed in look. I tried my best to dry up any more I could with paper towels, but it wasn't much use. Finally I decided I had to take my chances or the bus might leave without me, and that would cause all kinds of trouble. So I went back out of the restroom and straight to the food bar area they had tables to eat at, and sat at one of them. I stayed there until we had to load back on the bus an hour later. By then, I was pretty sure that nobody would notice unless they looked closely.

So I got on the bus and sat near the back. A girl that I quite honestly had a bit of a crush on came and sat next to me. She said hi, and I said hi back. Nothing was said for another few minutes. Then she noticed by pants and said (thankfully in a joking tone), “Uhh… have a little accident there?” and kind of giggled a little.

I played it off and replied, also in a joking tone of voice, “Yup. When ya gotta go, ya gotta go.”

She laughed a little and asked what I spilled on myself. I told her it was soda, that my cup had been knocked over and spilled on my crotch. She nodded and said, “That spill is really bad. It totally looks like you peed.”

Again we both laughed, her laugh genuine, mine a little nervous. To this day I don’t know if she really believed that I had spilled soda on myself or not. I kinda think she knew something was up, because she didn't mention anything more about it on the ride back to school, though I did notice her eyes occasionally straying to my damp jeans. Who knows… I guess only she would really know.

Anyway, that’s all for this particular story. We got back to the school about an hour after school would have normally ended and I walked home. By then my pants were only slightly damp.

I guess what brought this memory up was that I was thinking about the put it away at the last second trick and was wondering if anyone else ever did anything like that. I’m sure someone has, but I don’t think I've ever seen it mentioned here before.

Anyway, good to be back at this site. I've been away for a while and haven’t contributed anything in a long time. Hopefully someone enjoys reading this.

*002*2014-05-13 06:56

It definitely didn't work out any better in boxers. lol I actually always kinda thought it might work better in briefs since they're more form fitting. Never tried it though.

*004*2014-05-13 17:10

Yup. Bowling alley. Actually we had a couple trips there. If I recall correctly, not everyone got to go. It was some kind of reward trip put on by the PTA (Parent/Teacher's Association). But yes, I have to agree, it's quite ridiculous and not educational at all.

