Accidents Happen

Author: SSBfangamer

*000*2015-07-26 17:51

Note: names have been changed to protect the identities of the people identified here.

When I was in the 4th grade, I was in some learning camp. It was an extra curriculum thing that a fellow neighbor set up for kids around my area, kind of like a daycare but not really. I was there with some other friends of mine, a total of 20 kids were there, we were all basically the same age. Now I'm not really a huge fetishist, but I understand that everyone has one, it's a natural thing, but at this point, I didn't know what a fetish was.

Anyway, back to the story, it was a Friday and it was a HOT day, I think it was 96° degrees, and the A/C was blasting all day. The teacher (the owner of the house and the camp) felt bad for us kids and gave us some milk and cookies. Now I was a sicker for Milk and cookies back then, but I skipped on it, I don't know what came over me then, but I didn't feel like it, it was probably the heat. However, there was this girl that sat next to me at my table, her name was Ash, and she was pretty.

She had shiny black hair with little red highlights. I think she was also Asian, her mother looked like it. However, I didn't have a crush on any girl back then because I didn't really care, but it seemed like she had a liking to me. She would always share things with me, eat with me, and whenever she had a problem, she was always asking me first. (Well, I was the nerd) But, Ash always had a thing for drinks. She would always drink a lot, and this time she had at least 9 cups of milk. I know it doesn't sound like much, but for a 4th grader, it was a world record.

Now, about 15 minutes later, I could hear her stomach growl. (Probably because I was next to her) It was growling a bit loudly, and she looked a bit uncomfortable. She turned to me and noticed I was staring at her, and she blushed and quickly turned her head. I tapped her shoulder and asked her "Hey. You alright?"

"No, my stomach hurts for some reason." She said, she then turned to me and gave me a smile, "But, I'll be alright." She then hiked her sweater dress up so she could sit on her panties. I was worried for her, her stomach kept growling and for some reason she was holding the sides of her bottom. After about 3 minutes, she quickly rose her hand, trying to get the teacher's attention. When she did, she went up to her and whispered something. Now, the camp had a rule that if you had to go somewhere, a partner had to accompany you. So I was picked to escort Ash to the bathroom.

The moment we left the classroom, I looked over at Ash and saw that she was holding her crotch area. She was also making these cute squeaks. I noticed this, and as a gentleman, helped her walk toward the bathroom. However the moment we got there, she started to hold her bottom and run towards the toilet, she was crying as well. I leaned against the wall, waiting for her to finish, when she yelled my name. "Nick! Come here please! Hurry!" I ran inside the bathroom and I couldn't believe my eyes. She was having an accident, diarrhea was splattering everywhere and her pee shot out of her, forming a puddle.

She looked at me, embarrassed, and screamed, "Lift up the toilet, please!" I quickly tried to jump over the growing mess that spread on the floor, (It wasn't easy) and shot up the seat,when she pulled down her completely soiled panties and delivered her waste in the toilet. I just started, it reeked, but I wasn't the kind of person who would be all dramatic about it. She stared at me and finally said "I'm sorry, I couldn't hold it..." She then started to cry. I put my hand on her head and replied, "Hey, accidents happen. Honestly, it was pretty cool." Ash then grew a huge smile and jumped up to hug me.

The next day, she walked up to me and kissed me on the cheek, all while saying, "You are the kindest person I ever met... thank you."

