Ex girlfriend's house

Author: Calicot

*000*2015-12-03 00:05

This story is from high school. It was before I started dating my ex girlfriend. We'll call her Jane.

So I slept over at Jane's house for the first time ever. Everything was going well. We were only about sixteen. We had stayed up late talking about movies and whatever else young girl's talk about at that age. Nothing naughty happened, we just slept very close together and flirted a lot.

To describe myself back then: I had long curly brown hair, and caramel skin I was skinny about 135 lbs but still had a curvy body. I was wearing a small white t shirt that barely covered my torso and a pair of black spanks with blue panties. No socks.

Anyway the next morning when I woke up I noticed I had a very strong urge to pee, but jane had not woken up yet. I contemplated getting up and going to the bathroom but I was too shy to get out of bed and risk waking her. So I decided to just hold it and go back to sleep.

A few hours later I woke up and I was absolutely bursting. Jane was also awake at this point and announced that she was going to go to the bathroom. She left the room and I stood from my place to wait for her to come back.

This was a bad decision because all of the pee in my bladder sloshed down against my sphincter and my pee hole was screaming to just let it all out right there. I grabbed myself and began to dance as I desperately willed my body to keep all of my pee in for just a few more minutes.

I was mortified. I barely knew this girl and I was about to wet myself in her room, which had a carpet floor. That would have been awful.

I had to dance around for a good five minutes before she finally came back. I quickly took my hand away from my center and announced that I was going to the bathroom as well. She smiled and I walked out of the room clenching my muscles as hard as I possibly could.

The bathroom was only a few feet from her room so it didn't take long to get there. I quickly locked the door and pulled my shorts and panties down. I pushed all of my pee out as hard as I could. The relief was almost orgasmic. I had to hold back a moan as I continued to empty my bladder.

Finally after about a minute of peeing my stream finally stopped. I washed my hands went back to her room and had to make it through the rest of the day horny as hell from my accidental hold.

Sorry it was short but that's about it. I hope you enjoyed it!

