PissEliz and Penguinpeace - A Wet Weekend Day 2

Author: penguinpeace

*000*2015-03-24 05:01

So I know its been a little while since part one of this story, but trust me the second and third days have not faded from my memory even in the slightest. After all, how could they?

If you missed part 1 check it out here $/24059-pisseliz-and-penguinpeace-a-wet-weekend-day-1/

The Eliz in this story is PissEliz from XTube, if you've never seen her work then check it out: (http://www.xtube.com...p?user=PissEliz

)

First off I want to say hi and blow a kiss to Ms. Eliz because she is a huge sweetheart and an amazing girl. I can’t wait to see you in person again, and that is for lots of different reasons. I had a lot of fun exploring your city with you my dear <3

Eliz had school so I showed myself around the city during the day, making sure that I had some ideas for what we could do when she came over. Getting back I went to the gym in the hotel that I was staying in, working up a sweat so that my nerves would be a little calmer when we hung out later. I jumped in the shower and remember watching my pee swirl down with the rest of the water. I smirked to myself knowing that this would be the last ‘normal’ way that I would be going for the rest of the day. I ran out to the local supermarket and picked up a few snacks, and more than a few sources of liquid for the evening. I selected 1.5L of flavored tea, 1.5L of juice, 1.5L of water, and two bottles of wine. Game on.

She showed up looking sexy as ever in what I can only describe as what a gorgeous secretary would wear to get the attention of every boy in the office: A black skirt with a low cut white top, with bright pink panties underneath and long, gold-studded leather boots. Delicious.

We went up and started to do some work on the selection of beverages I had acquired and then left to hit the town. She walked me across the river and through this incredible park that had a unique beauty to it despite it being the middle of winter in a fairly cold city. Joking, flirting, and taking pictures – her and I had a blast, and it would have been just as fun if we were both completely unaware of our fetish. We came back over the bridge and I insisted that we check out this little bar I had seen the day before. As an American man I have come to love IPAs (a delicious type of beer) which unfortunately were fairly scarce in Europe. Not at this place though ;)

Choosing a booth that was discrete and in a corner, I was starting to feel the effects of what we had drank earlier. Also because I went to the gym I had been bombarding myself with water long before she arrived. I was wearing sky blue button-down shirt and solid black jeans; I was ready to cause some trouble. I told her that I had to go quite badly and that I wasn’t going to be able to make it back to the hotel. Looking back I don’t know if that was TOTALLY true, but it would have been close and I really wanted to turn her on right there. I took her hand and put it between my legs and let go for a good five seconds, soaking myself and all of her fingers.

“You are so f*cking sexy my darling” Eliz remarked. “I’m glad you like it ;)” I replied with a wink and a smile. The server came back to see if we needed another drink, which of course we did. The whole time her hand was glued between my legs; we definitely did not care for a second if we were making a scene. Halfway through my next beer it was time to have a little more fun, so I moved my package in a way that would make it go down my leg. Giving her and me another blast of warmth she really started to stir, and so did I; we decided it was time to change the scenery.

Walking outside it was time for her to return the favor, and she was happy to oblige. We headed around the corner out of site, and spreading her legs she let a long stream out from under her skirt onto my lusting hand while we kissed deeply. I could feel her bladder pushing against the edges of her skirt and by now was unbelievably turned on. I pushed my hands up against her soaking panties to stop the flow; I wanted us both to save what we had so that we would be uncontrollably desperate soon. Holding hands we made our way back to my room to do some more work on the drinks and to indulge in some of the snacks I had for us. It was really, really hard to keep our hands off of each other.

We decided to challenge ourselves and go out in public to the Christmas Market that was just outside of where I was staying. Besides it would be nice to get some warm European food in me as opposed to the snack food that we had been eating previously. Boy did I misjudge how bad I had to pee. It was freaking impossible to appreciate the beauty of the market because I could barely think straight, I had actually never had to pee in public this badly. I told her that if she wanted to enjoy all of the liquid I had saved for her that we had to turn back. We were probably gone from the hotel a total of 15 minutes hahaha.

Walking into the hotel lobby I started to leak so we turned that walk into a brisk jog to the elevators. Once we were in I think the sense of safety made me more comfortable and another long spurt escaped me, drenching the front of my jeans. Eliz was SO turned on and it was incredible to be around a woman who appreciated the ridiculous state I was in. I have to admit that while the desperation was completely real, I was really enjoying putting on a show for this sexy girl. She was loving it.

In the hallway I had to completely stop and grab myself with both hands. This was not an act, and if I hadn’t done that I would have lost at least half of what I had waiting for her onto the hall floor. I regained composure and we frantically busted into the hotel room. She wanted to video me (who can blame her) and I danced from foot to foot while she dragged her phone out of her purse. I did my best to put on a show of desperation for the camera so she would have some buildup before the wetting but I couldn’t make it last more than 30 seconds before losing it. I pulled my jeans down and my piss erupted through my boxers like they weren’t even there. Glistening and wet I pulled them down too and started to let it all out over the carpet, aiming it over every inch in half of the room. We were meeting her parents later that night, so I couldn't give her the soaking that I know she so desperately wanted.

Next it was her turn to put on a show for me. And holy crap Eliz does NOT disappoint. This woman is very skinny and in great shape, but her bladder was popping out like it had a bowling ball lodged in it. Only with years of practice could she have lasted this long, which is a very sexy thought to entertain. Bouncing from foot to foot with her black skirt hiked up enough to get her hand moving between her legs, she was dancing with her legs and her fingers (if you know what I mean). I told her to stop the dancing just to see what would happen, and immediately heard a gushing sound against her fingers. She was determined to last a little bit longer, this woman was holding a huge amount of pee not only for me - she LOVED doing it for herself too. It was driving me crazy seeing how genuinely into desperation she was.

The middle section of her pink panties were now a much darker color, and despite her constant rubbing, within ten more seconds I heard a “sh*t” escape her mouth and a TORRENT of piss flood down from her beautiful pussy. She soaked the ground for at least fifteen seconds before stemming the flow, the entire time her fingers flittering in and out of her panties. She turned around and bent over at the knees, moving her panties slightly so I had an amazing view of her gorgeous ass and adorable vagina, cupping her hand underneath herself and proceeding to fill it to the brim with her amazing clear liquid. This woman knows how to turn a man on (and my love, if you are reading this.. I am writing this in class and have such an un-concealable hard on it is ridiculous, thanks for that ;) ). She was still peeing with the velocity that usually only comes at the beginning of a very desperate wee. Incredible.

Turning back around she bent down and gave me a deep kiss, pushing me backwards onto the bed and straddling my naked leg with only her drenched pink panties and pussy. “Your dick is so big my dear” she teased, clearly understanding how much power she had over me, and proceeded to continue the flood onto my inner leg and rock hard cock. One hand pressed deep into her and the other working frantically on the situation she had created, it didn’t take long for me to come to an ecstasy filled finish. Being a gentleman, and knowing she had a little bit left, I tossed her onto the bed and dove my face into the middle of her legs. Her back arching with pleasure she got her sweet release quickly, grabbing a fistful of bedsheets with each hand as she climaxed.

Exhausted from our efforts we both relaxed together on the side of the bed that was dry (mostly dry) for a few minutes, just kissing and looking at each other. We then threw our clothes back on and went to her parents place to have some dinner and more drinks. I had a fantastic rest of my evening getting to know her parents, even though we didn’t speak the same language (Eliz translated for us), and before bedtime I made my way down to her lovely lady parts again to really thank her for the amazing evening. She was originally going to return the favor, but I didn’t let up until she came at least three times and by that time she could do little more than close her eyes and sleep.

Although in the morning, she woke me up with an incredible blowjob, something my ex-girlfriend did MAYBE twice over the course of three years. She is an amazing girl who knows how to treat a guy who deserves it.

Keep in mind this was day 2 out of 3. The third part is coming soon J Hope you enjoyed.

