My first public wetting

Author: CamiLikesCupcakes

*000*2012-07-30 05:26

I went to a friend's baby shower today, not knowing that I'd have a desperate "shower" of my own later. I arrived at my friend's house at 2 pm. Her house is incredibly small, and by the time I got there, it was packed. There were chairs, tables, and people everywhere, and there was barely room to walk. I managed to snack on party food, drink 2 glasses of iced tea, and mingle with the crowd before I started feeling pressure in my bladder about an hour later. I didn't want to ask my friend where the bathroom was, so I squeezed through the crowd to try to find it myself. I finally found it, completely blocked off by chairs and guests who had parked themselves in front of the bathroom door because there wasn't room anywhere else. I had to go fairly badly, but not badly enough that I was willing to embarrass myself by asking them to move so I could pee.

I left the party at around 4 because the large crowd in such a small house was making me uncomfortable, and because my bladder was painfully full by this point. Instead of going straight home, I had to stop at Wal Mart to pick up a few things. I didn't have a problem with this, since Wal Mart wasn't far from my friend's house, and I figured that I could just use the bathroom there.

I got to Wal Mart, and the bathrooms were repulsive. One of the toilets had un-flushed shit in it, another toilet had menstrual blood on the seat, and the only decent toilet had a stall door that wouldn't lock. Despite the throbbing pain in my bladder, I decided that I could hold it until I got home, and I went along with my shopping.

I walked back to my car twenty minutes later, having to lean on my shopping cart for support. I did a bit of a pee dance as I loaded the groceries into my car, and I knew that I couldn't stand this pressure in my bladder for the fifteen minutes it would take to drive home. I had two options: I could either use the repulsive Wal Mart toilets, or I could wet myself. After a bit of debating, I decided to go with the more fun option. I put my shopping cart away and dashed back to my car, my heart racing with anticipation. I opened my car door part of the way and hid behind it, hopefully shielding my lower half from the public eye.

I relaxed, but it took a moment for the pee to start coming out. My mind was screaming that I shouldn't be wetting myself in public, but once I was able to silence that voice in my head my bladder started emptying itself more or less against my will. The pee pooled around my crotch, caressing my private parts with wet warmth, before soaking through my pink-and-white polka dot panties and drenching the crotch, butt, and legs of my black shorts. I spread my legs to minimize the mess, but a fair amount of pee still dripped down my bare legs.

Most of it soaked right through my shorts and splattered onto the black pavement. When I finished, there was a medium-sized wet spot on the parking lot. The pain in my bladder was relieved and I was feeling really good, but now I was faced with a different problem: not getting the seat of my car wet. I opened my trunk and got a towel out of my gym bag, which I probably should have done before I wet myself. I sat on the towel and drove home in my soaking wet shorts.

I definitely want to wet in public again, the possibility of being seen was absolutely thrilling! Now I just hope that nobody who saw my little "accident" is going to post it on peopleofwalmart.com !

*006*2012-08-07 01:21

{{: 

You could have skipped the description of the toilets in WalMart but otherwise it was a great post.

}}

Hahaha, just trying to emphasize why I was willing to wet myself in the parking lot rather then using the restrooms. Hell, I would have wet myself in the middle of the store before using those restrooms. And not just because of my wetting fetish. Sorry if the description was too gross. ^^'

