A story about my wife

Author: Barry

*000*2015-05-13 22:40

My wife has given birth to 5 kids, all mine. After each pregnancy, she has had the normal light incontinence issues experienced by many woman, occasional leaks experienced when coughing or sneezing and such. I have seen her actually wet her pants properly on a few occasions as well. This is my memory of one such time. It's not a long story, but one of my favourite memories.

I was outside and using the hose to wash some cobwebs off from around the eaves. My wife was hanging some washing on the line, and was wearing a pair of faded baggy blue jeans, a t shirt, and white socks. We were joking around with each other, and I flicked the hose in her general direction, hitting her with a couple of drops of water. She yelled at me, but in a light hearted way, warning me not to get her wet. This of course had the opposite effect of me continuing to threaten her with the hose. She pointed out that she had no shoes on, and didn't want to get her socks wet.

So I immediately aimed the hose at the concrete path right behind her, soaking it and making it impossible for her to walk through. She would have to walk around the puddle on the grass. I positioned myself with the hose between herself and the back door, blocking her escape from my evil intentions. As she finished hanging the clothes, I continued to flick water in her general direction, and we kept laughing at how ridiculous we were behaving. It was like we were a pair of kids having a water fight.

She backed out of range, and stood there but tucked her knees together, and did the familiar bend at the waist thing that indicated that she needed to pee.

She soon verbally confirmed this by saying "Enoughs enough. Let me past now. I've gotta go to the toilet!"

I of course loved this, and continued to torment her by not letting her past. She said she would simply go around to the front door, out of range of the hose, and I knew I couldn't stop her then. So I aimed wide of her, and using the water I herded her around to the side a bit. I had no intention of actually soaking her, but just enjoyed the teasing a bit.

I let her escape past me, but kept flicking the water at her as she ran. She got to the back steps but stumbled, landing heavily on her kneecap right on the edge of the top step. She had hurt herself a bit, so the game was over. I dropped the hose and ran to her, asking if she was alright. She sat there and was crying a bit, with a small hole in her jeans and a bit of blood on her knee. She wasn't "bawling", but was quite upset. I tried to help her up, but at first she refused. I asked her if she was in too much pain but she just shook her head.

"My knee hurts, but I've just wet myself" she replied

She opened her legs and we looked at the damage. She had really soaked her jeans. Not only was she wet all around the crotch, there was a large trickle running off the step from the puddle she was now sitting in.

"Come on. I'll help you up" I said.

"Just wait a sec. I'm still weeing a bit" she replied.

I looked on in fascination as the puddle kept growing. She soon stopped, and managed to get up and go into the laundry where she removed her pants and put them into the washing machine. She then headed off for a shower.

While she was in the shower, I removed her soaked pink panties and jeans and briefly put them on, enjoying the feeling of wearing somebody else's genuine accident.

