Recent Wetting

Author: Himichu

*000*2015-08-20 06:23

I haven't posted in forever, but I had such an enjoyable intentional wetting session yesterday that I had to share. I hope you enjoy it!

Last night, I decided to drink a lot of water and hold it for a while while watching wetting videos. I love pressing on my full, round bladder while watching other people pee, especially on something harder to clean, like a bed or a carpet. So, I was drinking and pressing and generally enjoying myself. It had been quite a long time since I had wet in a skirt, so, while I was practically bursting, I frantically dug the perfect one out of one of my drawers. It was even tighter than the denim shorts that I had previously been wearing. 

I carefully slipped it on over my very full bladder. Then, I took a moment to admire how round my bladder bulge was in the mirror. The skirt I was wearing was skintight. I honestly have a hard time walking in it due to how snugly the shimmering fabrcg wraps around my upper thighs, but it hugs my hips so nicely. On this occasion, if pressed on my bladder so nicely as well. After I sat down to watch a few more videos, I found myself having to pull the material away from my bladder to relieve some of the pressure. I wanted to hold on just a little longer.

A few minutes later, I finally gave in and hobbled to the bathroom and into my tub. I squatted down and let a little out into the fresh pair of hot pink cotton panties that I had slipped on when I changed into the black, shimmering skirt. Letting just a tiny bit out and feeling the desperation reach a new peak with the effort of stemming the flow is something I love doing. My legs wobbled a little, and I felt a shiver run down my spine. I was topless and took a moment to roll my nipples between my fingers, since that always makes me feel more desperate as well. I leaned forward-which almost made me lose it-and frantically tried to screw the stopper into the drain before letting go. Thankfully, I succeeded. Legs shaking, I moved back into my squatting position and began to let go a little.

I felt my panties growing damp and pulling away from my crotch as the pee weighed them down ever so slightly. It began to pool in my skirt, which, having only wetted pleated skirts previously, was an incredible sensation. I looked between my legs and saw a few droplets slowly seeping through the back of my skirt. They fell into the tub, almost clear and perfectly round. They were followed my a few more, until there were little streams seeping out of the butt of my skirt. I could feel a whole puddle forming around my butt and crotch.

Since I like to switch it up and get the most out of my sessions, I stemmed my flow and stood up. All of the urine in my skirt had been keeping at bay innediately splashed around my feet. I closed my legs so that I could feel the delicate, warm sensation of rivulets of pee trickling down them. There was now a puddle of pale yellow liquid forming around the drain. Wanting to mix it up yet again, I clencjhed my muscles and moved to lay on my back with my legs in the air above me so that I could wet my chest as well. It took a couple of tries (and dribbles), but I got myself into my desired position and managed to resume peeing. I felt my pee run through my pubic hair, warming the front of my underwear. I lofted my hips so that they were bent more towards my chest, and my stream went wiled. It splashed on the right side of my neck and right breast. I even got a little on my face. I had never peed that much on my own chest before, and it felt incredible.

Deciding to finish in a kneeling position, I righted myself. Not being as desperate, I had to use my muscles to push the urine out. It was now coming in smaller spurts. I decided to remove my skirt and underwear. In order to get the last bit out, I pressed my hands down onto my bladder and pressed. A few more sprays of pee left me. I then kneeled in my sizable, tepid, pale yellow puddle.

Cupping my hands, I lifted a portion of it (Seriously, there was so much that I could hardly believe it. My bladder had been so full!) and trickled it down my chest, wetting my breasts and rubbing it into my skin. After admiring my puddle for a minute, I removed the stopper and turned on the water to rinse out the tub. I rinsed my skirt and panties out under the faucet and then screwed the stopper back in for a much-needed bath. After, I rinsed my wet clothes again, wrung them out, and hung them up to dry. It was just such an incredible session that I had to share. I hope you liked it, and I would love to read your comments on it.

*005*2015-08-20 21:30

I'm glad that you all enjuyed the way I wrote it. Thank you for the compliments.

{{ 

This is one of the most sexy, detailed wetting accounts I have ever read. With that much pee, how long did it take for your bladder muscles to recover? After the session did you have to pee every hour or so?

}}

It wasn't the most spent my bladder has ever felt, but it was definitely a bit weary. By the end of my bath, I felt like there was enough in me again to pee one last time before gettingout.A couple hours later, I peed once more before bed. I was in the kitchen and decided to use a measuring cup that I only use for cleaning chemicals and the like, so I can tell you it was just around 3/4 of a cup that time.

*007*2015-08-20 22:20

{{ 

Mmm, what a delicious session of holding and controlled wetting! Your various positions let you feel your hot pee in different ways. I loved that you were able to pee on your breasts, neck, and face, and also that you got pee from the tub into your cupped hands and poured it over your chest. What fun! Did you have a "happy ending" afterwards, or was the pee play sufficient pleasure?

}}

Wetting is sufficient pleasure, especially since I do it so rarely and usually just enjoy the holding. Since there was so much cleaning up to do, I also got a little bit more out of it than I wanted to share, since it wasn't really part of the scene.

