Rest Area Accident

Author: j2319

*000*2013-04-10 03:47

This is my first time posting a topic so please offer comments and suggestions on how to improve or if I did something wrong. This is a real sighting I had last fall.

I was traveling between Atlanta GA and Tallahassee FL to meet up with a college friend. I left right after work and it was about 9:30-10:00 at nigth when this happened at a rest area on I-75. I had stopped to stretch a little and eat a snack. Since it was night and dark I hung around the lighted area where there were some benches near the restroom instead of the dark area where the picnic benches were.

As I was standing there I noticed a dude getting out of his vehicle rather fast and had a kinda worried or panicked look on his face. As he started to walk to the restroom building I could tell he had to pee really bad, just had that look about him and he was waking fast. He also kept looking down at his pants. At one point he got this surprised look on his face looked down at his pants and almost stopped. He kept walking but was looking at his pants. As he came into the lighted area I noticed a small to medium wet area on the front of his jeans. This kinda got my attention. I tried to be casual and not stare but I also wanted to see if he could hold it till he got into the restroom. I am sure it was just my imagination but I think the wet area grew a little with a few new small circle wet spot showing up down one leg about thigh area and the wet area at the bottom of his zipper looked bigger.

Well dude hurries fast into the rest room and I am sure that if the rest area was like 5-10 miles more down the Interstate that dude would not have made it. With my interested peeked I hung around till dude came out. I felt weird doing so even though it didn't look odd, me standing there eating my snack like a few others were doing. But IDK guess cause I was wanting to see the wet spot on dude's pants again I felt weird hanging around, but I did it anyway lol. So after a few minutes dude comes out with his hands kinda over the wet area I guess to hide it. But dude's hands could not totally cover the now very big wet area on the front of his pants and down both legs to about the knees. Not a total wetting soaking his pants totally to his shoes but the wet area had grown considerably. It stared at about mid zipper and went out from the sides and down the legs in an obvious peed his pants pattern. No mistaken that for a spilled drink or something lol.

I was like wow I just saw a dude pee his pants, or at least the results of it. I felt bad for dude he looked totally embarrassed as he walked back to his vehicle. He was looking down but not really at his pants. It was more a look down of shame hiding his face. Really sad. I wanted to say something to him like don't worry dude things like this happen but I knew that would not be appropriate, total awkward for him (and me) and probably bring more shame on dude realizing that others had noticed.

So dude gets back to his vehicle and goes to the back to get something. I'm thinking a towel for the seat. The back of his pants were not wet since he peed while standing it looked like but best to take precautions. What I see next was totally unexpected, dude gets a backpack out and holding it in front of his pants starts walking back to the restroom. The backpack does a better job of hiding his accident but you can still see his wet pants from mid thigh to the knees. He keeps the bag in front of him and goes back into the restroom.

Weird or not I could not help it but I had to go in and see how he was planning to handle this. So I go in to 'use the restroom' before I start driving again. When I get in there was one dude at the sink washing his hands and dude was over standing by a wall by the sinks. He was holding his backpack still in front his pants but lower now. You could clearly see where he had peed his pants. I thought he was waiting for everyone to leave so he could change out of his wet pants. As I was peeing (yes I really did have to go and had planned to pee before driving again lol) I hear the door to the handicap stall open and sum other dude came out as I looked over and dude who peed his pants went in. Bit of a shock to dude coming out, an older man, he at first give pee pants dude a kinda like 'sorry I took so long' look. Then in an obvious move of his head down he was staring at dude's wet pants, then looked back up with a 'sorry you had an accident' look.

So dude goes into the handicap stall and I finish peeing. I go to wash my hands and notice on the floor of the stall are his wet jeans (med blue unfortunately for him, the wet area really showed up) and his wet boxers. I also noticed a dry pair of khaki pants with some fresh dry boxers on top of them. I thought what is dude doing? Then he drops a small towel I guess he had to wipe himself dry to the floor and picks up the dry boxers. Ohhhh I go to myself. I finish washing my hands and leave and go back to my vehicle.

A few minutes later dude comes out in his fresh dry pants (and boxer lol) with his bag now not carried in front his pants but on his shoulder like people normally carry backpacks. As dude was walking back to his vehicle he still looked totally embarrassed even though no one could tell he had wet his pants just a few minutes earlier. That is anyone new in the rest area. Us who were there earlier could tell cause dude came into the rest area wearing jeans and left in khakis lol

So yeah that is my sighting at a rest area. Anyone else have rest area pee pants sightings?

Hope you liked this account of what happened.

*002*2013-04-10 10:50

Thanks. This is my first post I hope I did it right.

