2 Hours Of Leaking Leads To Pants Wetting with Pix & Final Wetting Vid

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-01-27 16:02

Multi Leak Then Big Wetting Vid.AVI

A short time back before I discovered this board I posted real time updates as my desperation increased and I finally lost control. This is the consolidation of these posts, with pictures

I got up at 7AM and did not pee I was already a 5 out of 10. I had 2 gig mugs of tea and some orange juice my goal here was to hold it until 12 noon. 9:30 and already my pee feel like it is going to come out. For some reason even though my sphincter is at the base of my penis I feel this at the tip (normal for me). By 9:40 I was getting desperate and had my first small leak. By 10:00 lost a big spurt of pee despite my grabbing my penis constantly and squirming my legs. I did not want to wet my pants already. I have unbuttoned my jeans to relieve pressure on my bladder. 10:20 more peeing this does not look good for 12 noon, still almost 1.75 hours away. My white briefs and jeans were wet in the front down to the crouch.

11:10 more pee leaks into my pants.

11:15 moved my hand inside my briefs to get a firmer grip. Now my hand is wet let go a bit result hard peeing not just a leak I thought I had lost control .Wow I peed quite a bit can’t stand right now but my butt is now wet also, as is the chair . Multi Leak Then Big Wetting Vid.AVI

Ok In a normal hold until I wet I would have given up but I am determined to hold it until noon. Despite the big leak I still have to pee real badly.

11:30 Doing a bit better after big releases have returned to my hand between my legs squeezing against my penis, seems to work better No more leaks but it still feels like my pee is about to come out, bladder hurts also one half hour to go

11:40 peeing again . Not as bad as last time

11:48 more leaking 10 minutes to go. I try to button my jeans . This causes uncontrolled peeing until I leave them open.

Normally when I hold until I wet once I start leaking seriously I get up go to the tub and let go, so as not to make a mess on the floor. I really enjoy the my pee is about to come out feeling along with some wetness as I struggle for control squeezing myself and my legs together, for added leverage, but I reached that point an hour ago.

At 12:05 I started leaking again so I stood up having reached my goal grabbing myself tightly. It did not matter a huge torrent of pent of pee forced its way through my pee hole past my clenched hand. I moved my hand and my pee gushed out so hard sprayed right through the front of my pants splattering directly to the floor. I obviously was not going to make it to the tub. With the initial pressure released I settled into a nice long jean soaking down both legs pee. The back of my jeans were wet from my leaks sitting down. The front of my pants was wet almost to the waste .There was a huge puddle of urine on the kitchen floor. While I took off my soaked jeans I sat in my wet briefs for a while enjoying the lovely wetness, while feeling warm and tingly down there, that is from a hornyness that need attention. In all the best wetting I have can remember, having leaked for 2 hours before losing it, a fun day!

You would think after all this I would have had enough but I need to pee right now but I am not going yet. I want to enjoy the need to pee feeling for a while, but I am not going to wet my pants or get real desperate again.

