Did a hold at the wrong time

Author: Joeybear1999

*000*2015-11-12 03:04

So I think I was about 11 when this happened, (I've been into omo since I was 6), and it is one of the first and only accidental wetting I have ever had.

So the day started as any other would when I was 11, I got up and ate breakfast, peed, (I don't like holding the morning pee because it isn't diluted), and drank a TON of water. I mean like 2 whole glasses, and went outside to wait for the bus. So fast forward about an hour when I'm in my first class. I kind of had to pee but it wasn't much of a need for me to really be concerned. Now I usually could hold my pee all day at school, squirm on the bus which I LOVED, and run to the house and go pee. But today was different as I would soon find out.

When I was in my final class of the day, I was absolutely bursting. My 11 year old bladder was about to explode. I remember my friend Kaitlyn noticed and said, "Do you want me to ask if you can go to the bathroom?" To which I told her I didn't have to pee, which was COMPLETELY FALSE!!! So after school ends I squirm to the busses, not wanting anyone to know I had to pee I wore my backpack backwards so I could grab my crotch. So anyway as we were on the way to the third stop from my house, I lost control. (I'm a flood gates open immediately type of guy btw, no leaks). 

First the pee spread up throughout my crotch, then down all over my lower legs and butt, soaking the bus seat. I don't like to say all the social details, but I was crying when I went home, more so from shock than anything because it was only a bunch of older kids that saw. Anyway, that was my first wetting experience, and it was also the thing that got me into wetting rather than just holding lol. So sorry if this kinda sucked, I'm lazy as Hell, but I hope you all enjoyed. I might do a wetting soon and post a few pics if y'all would like, also, I've seen some girls desperate and a few wettings! Hope you all enjoyed, LATAAAA!!

*002*2015-11-15 05:44

Thanks! You're like famous on this site

*004*2015-11-16 02:59

Oh man really?? That's horrible how did they find out you were holding it?

