Cousin Made Me Pee My Pants

Author: theblackman24

*000*2012-12-08 06:42

I was spending the weekend at my cousins house and we pretty much just stayed at her house the whole time. The weekend was going pretty good until I accidentally made her trip in to some dog poop in front of her friends. She was so mad at me even tho I said I was sorry she was still angry, few hours later she calm down and was cool about it. Next day it was time for her to drop my back off at home and it was a long 4 hour trip. It was a hot day so and her car didnt have a air conditioner so i took a lot of fluids with me.

About an hour into the trip I manage to finish 2 bottles of water and a energy drink. She said you must be how to drink all water your going to have to pee soon you know that. I said we can just stop at a gas station and i can take care of it there. She just replied yep you sure can and gave me a weird look. Eventually I got tired and I feel asleep. About an hour later my bladder woke me up and it was kind of full. I was feeling uncomfortable so I asked my cousin if she could stop so I could use the bathroom. She said I don't want to stop just yet just let me know when you really have to go then i'll stop.

I was wondering why she didnt want to stop she knows I have a small bladder, but I guess she wanted to cover as much distance as possible. Another 40 minutes later we passed another rest stop ask her why she didnt stop. She said I didnt see it we'll stop at the next one. I told her that it was a emergency and I dont think I could wait to much longer. She said well just hold it until I make a stop at a gas station. I said to her please do it's getting really bad.

I had to pee so bad that my bladder was starting to get really sore. I asked her to stop on the side of the road so I can pee and she said no I wont let you pee on the side of the road just wait until I stop. I said to her Im about to pee on myself I cant hold it anymore. She said I don't care if you pee your pants like a baby i'll just change my seat cover. I started to get aggravated with her and I told her to stop the car so I can pee. She gave me a mean look and said why are you getting mad at me you should be able to hold your pee like a man dont be a child. I just said forget about the stupid bathroom and she said fine by me.

I was becoming extremely desperate I was fidgeting, grabbing my crotch and making moaning sounds. It felt like I was about to pee myself so I tried not to panic and relax my body but that didn't work. I told my cousin I was sorry about getting mad at you, but I cant hold it to much longer I need to go. she just stayed quiet and didn't even look at me. Minutes later my bladder started to give out and I started to leak. I was starting feeling really embarrassed because I was about to pee myself in front of her. I begged her to stop the car at the next gas station but she just passed that one up as well.

She asked me, do you know why I'm making you go threw this? And I asked why? She said because you made me land in dog poop and every one was laughing at me including you, you don't know how much you embarrassed me! I told her i said I was sorry, she said i haven't forgiven you yet. I begged her to please stop the car and she said I will when Im not angry.

I could fell my bladder beginning to give out and I started panic. Next thing I know I couldn't hold it any more and I started to pee on myself. I couldn't stop it, I was so embarrassed by it that I started to tear up. When I was done I my pants were soaking wet the seat in floor were wet. My cousin looked at me and said now you know how I felt when you made me fall on dog poop it hurts doesn't it. She said now were even and don't worry I wont tell anyone what you did i'll just say it was the dog. I didnt even say anything to her I didnt even want to look at her. She asked me did I want to stop and change pants and I said no I'll wait till I get home.

