Desperation at the Movies

Author: orcslayer

*000*2015-09-01 03:13

Natalie and I used to go to the movies quite often when we were younger, probably once every 2 months.. and I'd seen her desperate in the theater many times. She has a thing about peeing in public. And about people knowing about her desperation. A few times though, after a movie she would even tell me to wait outside while she bought herself a drink for the ride home, but I knew she actually rushed to the bathroom.

This one time (we were around 15 or 16 I think) we went to see the last Harry Potter movie. We were really excited. I met her outside her house and she was wearing a black skirt with gray tights and her Gryffindor scarf. I had my Hufflepuff hat on. We spent the bus ride talking about the movie. At the theater we were given a love seat, which happens a lot because they always assume we’re a couple. Not that I mind. We got a giant bucket of popcorn and a liter of coke each and found our seats.

The movie started 10 minutes later. I was concentrated on the movie, but out of my peripheral vision I kept seeing Natalie take sips from her coke. She was drinking that faster than usual, I thought.

Around 20 minutes later Natalie finished her drink and placed the empty cup on the floor. Then she scooted slightly forward on her seat and crossed her legs. She couldn’t be needing the bathroom yet, it would still be over 2 hours before we got home.

A while later I noticed she was a little fidgety and kept uncrossing and re-crossing her legs every 5 minutes or so. By the middle of the movie she was definitely squirming around, wiggling back and forth. I could feel the almost-constant movement of her leg against mine in the love seat and I got pretty turned on. I turned to look at her and saw her skirt had risen up over her knees to about halfway up her thighs. Her hands were resting in her lap, fingers nervously tapping.

Between scenes I kept sneaking glances at her, watching her squirm. She now had one hand resting on her abdomen, over her bladder.

The last 20 minutes of the movie were the worst. Natalie was bouncing around in her seat like a small child, her thigh bumping and rubbing against mine constantly. I wanted to tell her to just go to the bathroom, but I was enjoying the show so much. Besides, I knew she got embarrassed when people know she has to go and also I didn’t want to come off as condescending, I was sure she knew her limits.

Natalie jumped up right when the credits started to roll and started dancing around, trying to put on her jacket. I deliberately took my time getting up and gathering my stuff. She started walking out and I caught up to her at the doors. At this point I thought for sure she would use the theater bathrooms. It was obvious she had to pee very badly; she couldn’t even stand still. However, when we passed the bathrooms there was a line of about 10 people in front of the door. Natalie looked at it, biting her lip, and apparently decided against it, walking passed quickly.

At that point I realized I too needed to pee quite badly. I was so caught up in her desperation, I forgot about my own. But Natalie was already walking towards the exit so I didn’t say anything.

At the bus stop I checked the schedule.

“How long?” Natalie asked, stepping from foot to foot, rubbing her hands along the sides of her thighs.

“11 minutes,” I said and she cursed.

“You okay?” I asked even though I was well aware of the problem.

She hesitated, blushing. “I really have to pee,” she whispered, as if she was completely unaware that anyone looking at her could tell.

“Oh,” I said. “Me too.”

She looked at me kind of relieved that she wasn’t the only one. “I’ve already had to pee since the movie started.”

“Oh,” I was trying to sound sympathetic and casual but on the inside I was really excited and really hoped she would elaborate.

“I have to sit down,” she said abruptly and hobbled over to the bench, immediately crossing her legs and bouncing.

“Why didn’t you go in the theater?” I asked her, also sitting. My own bladder was starting to hurt badly now, digging into my waistband. I realized I hadn't peed since before lunch. That was about 7 hours ago.

“The line was so long.”

“Can you make it home?” I said jokingly but she looked slightly panicked.

Just then the bus came and we had to get up. As soon as Natalie stood, she bent forward, with her ass out to the side, legs crossed tightly, and bobbed up and down a bit. I went in first and found us a seat and she followed with small steps. A few people looked at her and I felt embarrassed for her but also excited by her embarrassment.

The bus ride was a terrible 15 minutes for Natalie. I kept talking to her about the movie, trying to take her mind off her desperation, but she couldn’t really concentrate on the conversation at all. She was rocking back and forth and with bouncing up and down, legs crossed, both hands under her jacket grabbing herself, making her skirt ride up again, revealing trembling gray legs.

Seeing her so frantically desperate made my own desperation increase and I couldn’t help but jiggle my legs up and down and hold myself discreetly under my jacket.

By the time we got to our stop, Natalie was twisting back and forth, grinding herself into the edge of the seat. She kept making little whining noises and muttering “shit” under her breath. Several people were staring at us.

She stood up quickly and tiptoed out the door. As soon as we started walking she leans over to my ear and says “I need to use the bathroom so urgently” to which I said “me too”.

The walk home is about 5 minutes and through a park. There was no one around and I was about to suggest going in the bushes when Natalie suddenly rushed over to a bench and quickly plopped down, crossing her legs and bouncing. One hand on her bladder, one in her crotch, her skirt now pulled all the way up around her hips.

“Shit, shit, shit I have to go so bad,” she said.

“My parents are gone, do you want to go to my house?” I asked, dancing on the spot slightly.

“Ok.” She stood up gingerly, hands jamming the bunched material of her skirt in between her legs up against her crotch. We started walking as fast as she could. On my doorstep she was almost crying, frantically jumping up and down. “Hurry, it’s about to come out,” she yelled at me while I fumbled with my keys. When I got the door open she rushed inside, heading towards the bathroom, trying to unzip her coat with one shaking hand. I closed the door and followed her. She stopped in front of the bathroom door, unable to unzip her coat. I quickly did it for her and tried to pull it off, but she had to let go of her crotch to put her arms through the holes and in that instant she lost it.

“Shit,” she yelled as she frantically ripped the door open, running to the toilet and lifting her skirt. I went in after her and saw the damage. The whole front of her crotch was soaked and there were several streaks flowing down both legs. Thinking of the relief she must feel as urine poured out of her made me suddenly spurt into my boxers and I squeezed my dick quickly to regain control. It was the hottest thing I'd ever seen watching Natalie dance frantically around in front of the toilet trying to get her already half wet tights down with one hand, the other holding up her skirt. I stood right in front of her, desperately dancing around myself, watching as spurt after spurt of urine forced its way out of her, gleaming on her crotch and then trickling down her legs, darkening the light gray material.

Her face was completely red and there were tears in her eyes when she finally managed to pull her tights down to her knees and sat on the toilet and let go. She hadn’t bothered taking off her light blue panties and I watched as a forceful stream rushed through them, making the thin fabric cling to her lips. Natalie moaned quietly. At this point I was hard in my hand again. “I can’t wait any longer,” I said and turned my back on her, stepping into the shower and letting go. For several seconds the only sounds in the room were both of our streams.

When I finished peeing I felt kind of embarrassed. I turned around to see Natalie pulling her wet tights off her feet and putting them in the sink. She took some toilet paper and wiped up several drops of pee on the floor. She hadn’t looked at me since we got in the house and I started to wonder if she was mad at me.

“Damn, that was close,” I said as she washed out her tights in the sink.

Finally she turned to me. “Can I use your dryer? My parents are going to wonder why I’m not wearing tights when I get back.”

“Sure.”

