Just couldn't wait anymore...

Author: theblackman24

*000*2012-12-10 08:25

When i was 20 I use to be into acting, one day I landed a role into some independent scary movie. Well we had been shooting for at least 6 hours and I had a zombie costume that was difficult to remove. The director told me that I should use the restroom before i put the costume on because it would take forever to take it off. I went to the bathroom then I went to work. When the shoot was finished I really had to use the restroom. the director was right it took 30 minutes to take the costume off to prevent from damaging it.

My bladder was hurting so i went to the restroom and just my luck it was locked for the night. It was around 12 o clock at night and the last bus was scheduled to arrive around 12:15. I planned on using a bush or something when I made it to the bus stop so I wouldn't miss the bus. It was a excruciating walk because every step felt like my bladder was going to pop. When I made it to the bus stop the bus was already approaching. My only choice was to get on the bus or walk 2 hours to get to my house.

When i got on the bus I went to the back and sat by a window. As soon as I sat down i grabbed my crotch and did the pee pee dance. Probably 5 minutes into the ride I was getting worried because I knew i couldn't wait. I learned forward and hid my face no I would not be noticed by the cute lady who was sitting in the front. My bladder was overloaded and I felt a spurt of pee come out. I started to become pretty frantic on the inside I even started tearing up. The spurts kept coming out relentlessly it wasn't long before their was a wet spot on the front of my pants. Eventually I was able to stop leaking but that only lasted for a short time. All of a sudden my bladder went numb and I couldn't feel anything. Seconds later my bladder contracted and I started peeing into my pants. I couldn't stop it it was all pouring out. When I was done My pants were wet and their was a puddle under my seat.

