My first accidental wetting which happened today

Author: Ambie

*000*2014-04-10 19:39

Warning i'm not very good at stories.

Okay well basically I don't use the toilets really in college especially as I started at 1 today after lunch. Well by the end of the day I needed the toilet quite badly but I had to go to once of my teachers to sort out my studies for next year. Then I went to be picked up and ended up having to wait about 40 minutes. I was still okay at this point nit really worried as it only takes 20 minutes to get back as I was staying at my grans and I have a strong bladder. On the journey back my mum called to ask my gran for a lift to work. My y gran says she'd drop me at hers on the way round as my Granddad should have been in. He wasn't in though and the door was locked so I ended up getting back in the car to go get my mum. My mum decided she wanted to go to the shops before work so I had to wait for her to do her shopping and at the point i'm really desperate not being able to sit still.

I was in the front seat and got out the car so go sit in the back so my mum could go in the front.I am the world clumsiest person though and ended up tripping and falling in to the car because of this I lost control for a moment and some pee trickled out. luckily I was wearing black leggings so it was impossible to see. After that I got into the back of the car now really struggling to hold on as when you start to pee its really difficult. So i'm in the back squirming around and holding myself no one really paying attention to me. On the way back we went over loads of speed bumps and every time we did the bouncing forced the seat belt into my bladder hard which was causing me to squirt pretty much every time. I am desperately trying to hold on.

We finally got to the house and I felt like I wasn't even going to make it to the door as i was about to loose all control I could feel it. My gran said my granddad was probably back by now and I should go in while she parked the car. I went up to the door but it was still locked. My gran seemed to take forever to park and I was sat on the step in front of the door desperately trying to hold on, pee escaping every now and again.She finally came down the path and unlocked the door. I ran inside and the movement caused my bladder to give up, I was running to the bathroom feeling the wetness flowing down my legs. I got into the bathroom and my body gave up and released it all I didn't have time to get to the toilet so I caused a big puddle on the bathroom floor. xx

I don't know if this story will interest anyone but just in case I decided to post it. xx

*003*2014-04-10 20:08

Yes it is good else my family would have definetly noticed.xxx

*005*2014-04-10 20:10

Yeah they were my leggings and panties were soaked and I created quite a large puddle on the floor. xx

*007*2014-04-10 20:18

{{: 

So how did you handle all of that?

}}

What do you mean? xx

*009*2014-04-10 20:20

{{: 

The clean up. How did you clean up the mess and sort out your wet clothes without anybody finding out?

}}

Its easy really i just put towels down for the puddle and got changed in my room and then put everything in the washing machine. Hehe no one pays that much attention to question why stuff needs washing :p xx

*012*2014-04-10 23:36

{{: 

You had a very eventful day. Why didn't you go at one of the shops?

}}

It wasn't like a big shop like a supermarket its a little shop on a corner which wouldn't have a bathroom in it as the shopkeepers live upstairs from it xxx

