Car Ride Home

Author: Scott2jd

*000*2014-10-04 09:35

So a few days ago on the live chat I spoke of how I recently experienced a ride home from my cabin with my grandparents and my sister. This is my first time ever sharing a story on here so bare with me, it happened recently so I do have quite a bit of the details still memorized. What actually happened was a bit more exciting than what I originally cracked it up to be.

Anyways on with the actual story. So a little bit of background info I live in Michigan and my cabin is in the Upper Peninsula of the state (by Sault St. Marie if anyone is from my neck of the woods) so it's about a 5 to 6 hour drive back home from the cabin and normally I enjoy it for a little bit of desperation, nothing too exciting but just the occasional hold. This time was no exception. I was thinking I would have another fun hold in the car and pee when I got home, so I made sure that I didn't pee for like two hours before we left and drank plenty of water. Of course this ended up being a bad idea. So about an hour in and I'm already feeling something, nothing terrible but it was definitely there (lets say a 4/10). Anyways after another hour, so like 3.5 hours left I started to regret my decision for a hold on the way home (I was at like a 7/10).

I was starting to get nervous so I decided to text my sister, who was sitting right next to me, and ask her if I should ask my grandparents to pull over. She drew my attention to the fact that my grandparents never, ever, ever stop on a car ride home, she then asked me why I wanted to stop to which I responded "I really gotta pee." Just to clarify my sister has no idea that I'm into holding at all and she is 16 (my family is really close so even at me and my sisters older age my grandparents still take us places, it is a little childish at times but the most part I don't mind).

My sister responded to this by saying "Seriously? I am too! I've had to pee for like an hour now and its getting pretty bad." Now normally this would get me a little excited but it was my sister and I was in a terrible situation myself so I was getting very little enjoyment out of any of this. So about a half hour later of course we get stuck in traffic. I look over at my sister and she is blankly staring out the window so I shot her off another text asking how she was doing, she responded simply with "Not good, wbu?"

"Terrible" I sent back "How bad are you 1/10?"

"At least an 8...wbu?"

"About the same" (even though I was more at an 8.5!)

Needless to say I was getting very nervous. It was 3 more hours not counting the extent of the traffic jam and I was seriously doubting my capacity to hold it. I tried to get some sleep to maybe get my mind off of it and shockingly it worked. I think I fell asleep for 45 minutes to an hour when I was awakened by my sister shaking my shoulder to wake me up. We were no longer in the traffic jam which was good but as soon as I shook off the cob webs my bladder hit me hard. I had to double over really quickly to regain control. I looked over at my sister who had awoken me and saw a look of deep concern in her face. I quickly started texting her again asking "How long was I asleep? Where are we?"

"Idk for sure...we're like 2 hours away"

"How are you holding up?" I asked. When she got this text I saw a look of real concern in her face that I have never seen before.

"I'm not going to make it home, I've never had to pee this bad in my life"

"Don't say that. Please. You can hold it. If you loose it I'll loose it for sure"

"Ok....How are you holding out?" she asked.

"Not much better than you it's gonna be a close call, that's for sure" I responded. I was now at a solid 9/10 and seriously questioning my resolve for the rest of the ride home. I started discretely holding myself, trying to make sure my grandparents couldn't see me doing a little mini-pee dance. My sister on the other hand was almost completely still just simply crossing her legs and staring out the window. Another hour passed and we were finally only an hour away. I was trying my best to hold out as I was now nearing a 9.5.

I was amazed that I had not even leaked a little bit yet. Of course as soon as I thought that my sister gasped and quickly grabbed her crotch, squeezing with all her might to maintain control. Seeing this of course my bladder suddenly contracted and I had my first small leak. I grabbed myself very quickly to stem the flow. But I knew the end was near now for both of us. I leaned in close to her and whispered (thank god old people can't hear well because I didn't whisper this very quietly) "Are you okay?"

"No" she snapped back, almost a bit too loud "I'm literally about to start peeing...I just started to loose it in my pants I can't hold it, I'm gonna have an accident"

My sister looked like she was almost in tears. I couldn't bear to see her like this. I felt terrible for my little sis.

"Hold on (we'll call my sister Haley) Haley you can do it, you're gonna be able to make it to the toilet"

We went on like this for much of the next 45 minutes. She would be on the verge of tears and I would give her little bits of encouragement that was as much for her as it was for me. We finally got to our exit and as soon as I knew we were only 10 minutes away my bladder contracted again resulting in another, significantly larger leak. I looked down at my jeans to see the damage and saw a tiny, coin size wet spot. I squeezed myself as hard as possible, knowing it would take all my strength just to make it home. I looked over at my sister just as she gasped again and double crossed her legs and held her crotch for dear life. As this happened I couldn't help but notice a small wet spot form around her crotch as well. We were both in the same spot.

Finally we turned into our driveway. It took me a couple of seconds to compose myself knowing I still had to grab my bag out of the trunk and then I had to make a mad dash for the toilet. Or maybe just the tree in the back yard! My sister and I quickly grabbed our bags and gave our grandparents a quick hug goodbye before simultaneously dashing into the house for the bathroom. As luck would have it we managed to get to the bathroom at almost the exact same time. My sister didn't even have to say anything. I took one look in her eyes and saw the pure look of torture on her face, and how close she was to tears and I simply let her pass and enter the bathroom to relieve herself first.

After all at this point I was no longer in danger of embarrassing myself, both of my parents were already asleep and I could at last enjoy the final moments of this desperation! Inside the bathroom I heard the quick rustling of clothes and then the incredibly loud hiss of my sisters urine as it hit the water below. I couldn't help but quietly laugh at the massive sigh of relief that I could hear escape her lips as she was finally able to release her pent up pee. I, however, could not relax quite yet. While I could now finally enjoy the desperation I was experiencing I most certainly did not want to pee my pants in front of my sister.

As I was forced to listen to her never ending stream, however, my bladder decided it was on its final countdown as a massive spurt escaped. I crossed my legs and did a little dance in the hall, not wanting to have a full on accident knowing my sister would for sure see the damage. As her stream behind the door continued my bladder kept squeezing trying to completely void itself of the massive amounts of urine it was storing. Another spurt escaped and this one was the biggest yet. I could feel it start to drip down my leg and I knew a full on wetting was imminent if my sister did not get out of the bathroom soon. I knocked on the door asking if I should simply try to run for the downstairs bathroom.

"Yes!" came her response "I'm gonna be in here for a little while I had to pee soooo bad!"

I knew perfectly well I wouldn't make it downstairs but this did give me an excuse to dash into my bedroom directly across the hall. I closed the door quickly as another massive spurt escaped, flowing even more down the inside of my leg. I grabbed a towel that I already had in my room and threw it on the ground and quickly stood on it so I could enjoy what I knew would be an amazing wetting. The towel was down not a second too soon as almost instantly the dam burst and my bladder released.

Pee started gushing out of me and pouring down my legs. The relief was incredible and I couldn't help but moan a little at the amazing dual sensations of finally being able to release and also being able to do so in my pants. I kept going and going for what seemed like forever. By the time I finally stopped (what was probably about a minute and a half to 2 minutes) I looked down at my absolutely soaking jeans and couldn't help but smile a bit. It had felt so good to have a little bit of fun out of a situation a thought for sure was going to end in disaster.

___

Well there you go! I'm sorry if I rambled at all but I tried to include all of the details. I'll take advise if anyone has any, and I do have a couple of other personal wetting experiences I may add at a later.

Until then everyone!

P.S go easy on the criticism!!

