What!? Only One Working Bathroom!

Author: SciFiGirl

*000*2012-11-03 05:13

This story is 100% true well maybe 97% if I can remember that much

It was Sophomore year in high school I woke up from a deep sleep :lazy: by a annoying beeping sound! and started my weekly routine (I wore blue jeans but don't remember panties or top sorry everybody I guess I'll leave that to you) before I left the house I use the bathroom (like always) and be again walking to school when I entered the school doors I notice that all the girl's bathrooms had yellow warning tape on the doors!

It was a late start so there was no breaks or was it no lunch time...... Oh don't remember Lets just say..... no breaks I was in art class (my only fav in school) when my bladder be again to full a little bit I also notice some of the girls legs were shaking then the principle of the school said on the speakers

That all the girl bathrooms were broken but for one and to let girls who had to go, go I think he really said it like that to, if I remember.

But I didn't had to go that bad so I stayed and being art class to so when the bell ring there was a big line I mean big! I remember the teachers yelling at the principle (mostly the female teachers) because the sexist principle said the girls can't use the boy's.

By this time I was jumping up and down and not the only one when a boy came up with a water bottle and moving it back and forth that jerk almost made me pee and the teachers told him to go away and he did and some poor girl from the pressure of her bladder said "f&^$ this I'm starting to pee my pants I'm going in the boy"s" (something like that) and run as fast has she can but didn't make it :s

Minutes later all of a sudden some stupid kid light a firecracker and made me pee a little and some girls not so lucky don't remember how many girls wet their selves maybe 4 or more By this time I was shaking but almost there since some girls peed all over them selves the line was shorter I remember some very nice guys took a marker and put W and O on one of the men's bathrooms everyone started to cheer them even teachers but the principle not so

So any ways I made it but panties a little wet >_> and went off to computer class most of the girls weren't there had a accident or ditch so I heard and the bell ring and went home some unlucky girls with wet pants or gym shorts. Oh and one girl walking home or car in her wet panties no joke! she wasn't going to walk around in pissy pants! Almost forgot that memory omg! that would be bad if I forgot right! they were white low rise bikinis. Wow still remember that :D...........but don't remember my :s

P.S The school broad heard about this and the principle was fired and the vice principle took over for a little bit he was very nice wise he stayed he really try to help that day

*003*2012-11-03 22:29

Okay thanks guys didn't know I had so many mistakes I thought it was all good should have put it on words 1st but glad you guys still like it :wub: and thanks for the tips to bad I can't edit it didn't know there was a limit

