"Staying Empty"

Author: Lloyd

*000*2014-05-10 03:25

I've prefixed this topic female because for me, the most important part of it was.... :)

Long ago when I first found a partner who was interested in peeing and wetting, we used to do something which I would say is the exact opposite of "holding", that being "staying empty". We were both busy and had lots of nights when we weren't both at home together, but we would always try to have a couple of nights each week together, and we would settle down for a night of dinner, wine, a video of some movie or other, and lots of soaked towels.

In summer we tended to wear just shorts or even just underwear and a t-shirt, while in winter we would rug up a bit more in jeans and a sweatshirt. We would always start the night with lots of wine, cooking dinner, and watching whatever was on TV while we did that. During this, we would hold it, the only time of the night when we did, and then when dinner was ready, we would put on the movie and go and sit on some towels doubled over under us on our vinyl couch. We would sit like this while we ate, from plates on our laps. 

At some point during the meal we would both pee through whatever we were wearing into the towels and it was a bit of a game to do it without the other knowing, and also to try to figure out when the other did it. She was always excellent at this, and could basicly soak her towel, slowly and without fuss and the only sign she had done it was the wet patch on the towel around her legs and butt and we were wearing jeans, a wet bottom and backs of her legs where the jeans were in contact with the wet towel. Her crotch and inner thighs were also wet, but she kept them closed and under the plate, so I could never know.

A couple of times I thought I caught a slight change in her posture that might have hinted she was doing it right then, but I could never be sure and whenever I said anything I was almost invariably wrong. She was just too good at hiding it. I did my best to hide mine, too, but female anatomy being what it is, it was a lot easier for her to pee through her pants straight into the towel than it was for me. I did manage to keep the peeing down low, but enough pressure and it would well up the front and over the tops of my thighs - a complete giveaway. Needless to say, she always won that little game.

The real fun of the evening started from that point on. The initial wetting was just to kick things off. From then on, we would both just pee whenever we felt the slightest amount of urine and we both developed the ability to more or less stay open and empty. We helped things along by switching to Coke after our we finished the wine we had with the meal. We would drink plenty of that and everyone knows it's both full of water and caffeine, which exacerbated our need to pee continuously and profusely. We would change our towels when they got saturated, putting them straight into the washing machine for later, and then begin soaking the next towel and so on and so forth.

By the end of the night, we had soaked numerous towels, completely abandoned any attempt at holding, and finished watching our movie in absolutely saturated shorts, jeans, or underwear. We would then put the last of the towels in the washing machine ready for a rinse in the morning, and go to bed, still in our saturated underwear. We had a water bed, so it was fun and easy to soak our underwear on top of each other in the bed, and we would go to sleep like that in our wet underwear. In the middle of the night if we wanted to pee, we would roll over to each other, and wake the other up for some fun. But that's the subject of another post. Needless to say, our heated water bed made our bedroom quite fragrant. The smell of dried urine is actually quite nice, and nothing like the ammoniac smell that people associate with urine in public toilets. A sort of heady perfume, in a way. Our underwear smelt a bit like that too after a night of "staying empty"... :)

