My sightings - Page 2

Author: jeromeft

*026*2015-09-15 19:58

This sighting occured when i was much younger (still a student but held a small job)!and it happened on the way back from work.

I used to work temporary during the school term break in an office with 2 girls and a guy. We were all about the same age and we did very simple office tasks that other departments didnt wanna do such as filing documents and sorting out invoices and other minor stuff. We had our own floor in the building, their storage floor was where all their files and past years documents are kept. The layout was very sinple with mot of the room taken up by shelves. There was a fairly large table (meeting rooms table) for all of us to use. And we had our own toilet as well, it was a single unisex cubicle.

The guy they hired was a boss friends son. He was a weirdo and he was quite irresponsible. He would make a mess in the toilets and didnt clean up. Pee was on the seats and floor after he used it. The cleaners hired by the company would come by every morning about 9-10am to clean the toilets. The girls would usually use the toilets right after the cleaners cleaned it and not use it for the reat of the day as they refused to use it after the other guy had used it. They would have their only pee of the day around 10-11am just before lunch and not use it for the rest of the day.

One day, the cleaners did not show up, we never did know why but we gave feedback and the cleaners never forgotten to clean the toilets on our floor again. Anyway, on that day that they didnt show up. The toilets were a real mess, and the 2 girls i witness desperate as they wanted to wait until the cleaners came. I noticed that the cleaners did not arrive and by lunch time they were talking casually about how the toilet wasnt cleaned yet on that day.

After lunch i could tell that they starting to get quite worried but showed not much signs of an desperation yet. I remember on that day we had a bunch of documents to scan and one of the girls was using the scanner. By 3pm i noticed her crossing her legs and the other girl was sitting down with her legs crossed. I overheard them talking very softly that they were definitely needing the toilet more and more as the day moved on. The signs of them getting more and more desperate were getting quite obvious with their legs crossed, occasionally fidgeting. At about 430 pm one of them suddenly said loudly, i cant take this much longer and went into the toilets. She came out looking relieved and said she felt much better and said this 'i really needed it'

By 6pm the other girl still had not gone and she decided to leave the office without using the toilets at all. She lived very near me, it was about an hour bus ride to our homes and my stop was 1 stop after hers. She didnt mention anything abiut her need when all 4 if us left the office. Only when we both were alone and away from the other 2 people that she admitted that she was really in need of the toilets urgently. I asked her if she would like to go back to our office building and use the toilets at the other levels. She said that she was afraid as it was her first few days at work and she didnt want to get into amy trouble, she just wanted to get home as quick as possible to pee. I agreed and we boarded the bus when it came.

I sat beside her on the bus and at the start of the journey she crossed her legs tightly. But after 10-20 mins. She began breathing more heavily and rocking forward. She was really really dying for a pee. I asked her if she was alright but there wasnt much we could do as the stops along the way had no shops or anything where she could use a toilet. There would be an area with some shops and a cafe near our home which as another 20-30 minutes at least from that point. She admitted she was really bursting and she say she hasnt been this desperate in her life!

When we neared that area, i askes her if she wanted to get off so she could relieve her bursting bladder. She said that we would need to pay for our rides again if we stopped for her to pee and she would feel bad. Just 1 more stop to the place where the shops were, i told her that i wouldnt mind having to pay the bus tickets again so she could pee as i could tell she was near her limit. She then just jumped up without saying anything and just moved toward the doors. We were standing at the doors and the bus still havent reaches the stop yet. She began pee dancing and said 'im so sorry but im going to run to the cafe toilets, i cant wait much longer. I offered to carry her bag so she could pee faster.

I waited for her outside the toilets and she cane out looking very exhausted and relieved. We had a good laugh over her 'adventure' and decided to get some food before we went home.

Later that night, she apologised for her 'embarassing incident' and thanked me for 'helping her' and suggesting for her to pee instead if holding it home. She said home was about 10 mins away and it might have been too long.

She is quite a hot girl. Not very pretty though but not ugly either. But her figure was almost perfect :)

*028*2015-11-17 10:36

Sorry for not posting recently as I have been very busy.

This next one happened very long time ago, when I was very young, but I could remember it clearly as it was one of the closest someone to wetting (in my opinion)

When I was much younger, still a young boy in school, I had an older girl, maybe 15 years older? she was maybe in her 20s that my parents got to help me with my school work. She was probably studying still and was earning some money as a tuition teacher.

One day, it was the day we were suppose to have a lesson at my house, I think the lesson was suppose to be at 3pm, but she had not arrived yet. At around 3 my house phone rang, and I picked up. It was her saying she was sorry for being a little late and to get the door open as she needed to pee badly!!!

As she arrived, I saw her running as fast as she could to my house and she had a little bit of problem taking off her sandals, wasting her maybe 10 precious seconds, once she kicked off her sandals (literally kicked them off) she ran toward the direction of the bathrooms, my younger sister was in the way as she needed to pass the living room and she had to slow down, taking very tiny steps , almost jogging on the spot until she could get pass my sister. I followed her towards the bathroom, in pretence to help her get the lights on which I did.

She just tugged the door close but did not fully close it, but she was already blasting her pee into the toilet bowl, I could hear her peeing with a very powerful stream which lasted for a very long time!

She later came out apologising for that saying that she has needed to pee for the pass 5 hours! She gives 2 hour lessons to each student and needed to pee in her first class, but decided to wait til the end of the lesson. When the lesson ended, the student's dad was occupying the toilet so she decided to hold and use the next student's toilet. The next students owns a dog and the dog made a mess in the toilet with peeing all over the toilet floor! the student apologised so she had to hold it until my house which was about 20 mins away (she travels by bus by the way). She called my house when she was almost reaching the busstop at my place.

This 'hearing' is one the most pee ive heard in quantity and I honestly believed she was on the verge of losing it. She was wearing a cream coloured t shirt with white pants on that day if youre wondering This all happened very quickly, less than a minute on total but the scene is very vivid in my mind, as its one of the first sightings ive had. but thankfully I managed to ask her the story behind it, by asking her why didn't she go at the last students house.

*029*2017-11-05 06:14

This next one happened recently. It isint a sighting i witnessed originally but it was a recount by my sister-in-law.

I was suppose to fetch her home from the airport. She went for a trip to vietnam and was coming back alone.

When she came out of the gates. She mentioned that she needed to 'rush to the toilets' so i grabbed her bags for her and waited for her while she went. She came out apologising and said that she wasnt feeling well and we left for her place right after.

The ride to her place took about 30 mins. When we reached her place while waiting for the lift up to her apartment. She mentioned she needed to pee again and told me to just help her get her lugguage and put it right by the sofa. She rushed to the toilets and did a small pee. I made a casual remark about her needing to go again 'urgently' so soon after the previous pee.

She then recounted her 'incident' to me. She said that she had held her bladder for hours before she could pee and after her 'extreme hold'. She couldnt really hold her pee anymore and had to keep going even throughout the entire flight home.

It was her last day so she checked out of her hotel at about 11am and went about her itenery for some sightseeing and some last minute shopping. She had lunch some noodles and a drink. She also had an iced tea while walking around. It was around 3pm where she first felt that she needed to pee. She was headed to see a waterfall and river so she figured she could go along the way. But there wasnt any toilets available for her throughout! She was getting quite uncomfortable and thought she would be able to get back to her hotel and use the toilets there before heading to the airport.

She had arranged transport with her hotel at 6pm. However due to traffic and delays, reached her hotel at about 6.30pm. The hotel staff were kind and had asked her driver to wait. And they had already loaded her luagguage onto the vehicle which was waiting for her already when she arrived at the hotel.

Being already late for her flight and not wishing to delay her transport to the airport, she immediately got onto the van and headed straight to the airport. She described her ride to the airport as being 'torturous' and she 'couldnt wait to reach the airport'. As it was the evening traffic the ride to the airport took longer than it should and by the time she arrived at the airport about 7.30pm, She was seriously late. The counter staff was kind enough and allowed her to get pass the line and check in and told her to go the boarding gate immediately.

Her need at this point was 'really serious and the worst she had ever needed'. At the boarding gate, they literally closed it right after she passed it!

She was thinking on using the toilets on the plane before the take off but she knew it would be unlikely as she was the last one in! And it turned out true as she was the last ti settle down and the plane moved to the runway without her having a chance to use the toilets.

At this point her need was extremely bad and her whole bladder area was having sharp pains more than just the 'ache' feelings. She said she was 'literally sweating from the effort needed to hold everything in'.

Due to the weather, lightning and rain, the plane was delayed for alottle bit before they could take off. She tried to ask if she could use the toilets but the flight attendant said that they were moving any minute and she would have to wait until the plane was in the air. The delayed turned out ti be 15 minutes!

My sister in law was in a state of panic. She said that she had started to question if she could really hold on any longer. She had started to lose control and could 'feel drips coming out'.

The plane took off soon after and once the seatbelt sign was off she immediately rushed to the toilets. She finally peed at around 8.30. Thats makes over 5 hours of 'holding'.

She also mentioned that she didnt 'really make it' but it wasnt a big accident and wasnt visible on her denim shorts.

I tried my best to get these informantion without her thinking i was a creep. I hope you guys enjoyed it as much as i have.

*033*2017-11-08 14:27

{{19 hours ago, jackgriffin said:

These are all great. You're due for witnessing a full blown accident soon. I wish I had half your luck

}}

Thanks! I certainly hope so, but i havent had muvh luck. These are I had all these throughout the years. Ive only seen a girl wet herslef and it was during an exam in school.

{{17 hours ago, desperation9 said:

Do you ever wonder if she's got the same fetish? But maybe doesn't know the Japanese word so isn't on this board? Maybe could be an easy way to introduce, did u know there's this Japanese word....... Good luck :D and thanks for sharing these are awesome stories :D

}}

She absolutely hates being desperate so i think its not her having the fetish. Almost all of the girls that are in my sightings hated being desperate.

Maybe i hang around with the wrong crowd :(

*035*2020-05-07 18:27

Hi everyone. I haven’t had any worthy sightings but here is one that recently happened

So I work in the financials industry. Office hours are 9-6pm. Our office layout is lifts are in the middle, the male and female toilets are on one side of the lifts, you need to walk pass a single unisex toilet , a meeting room and then my office area. We work in teams of 8-10 reporting under a manager who reports to another boss who is in charge of a few teams. Once a month, all these managers will have a meeting with the higher management to report on performance and stuff like that.

My manager is 29 this year, she Is quite attractive, great figure, and dresses well (nails done well, high heels, tight dresses and she often wears lace pattern dress with nude colour cloth below which makes her ‘outstanding’)

On that day, we were working as usual. At about 11.30am I approach her with a case that I needed to go through with her for me to submit the case to the other departments. At this point she said ‘I was about to go to the toilet, but let’s do a quick one.’ (She was aware that I had to leave at 12 to meet another client.) The case took longer than expected and we ended the discussion at about 12.20pm.

During this time some of the other managers who were leaving office for lunch walked past us and told her that they would wait for her downstairs (I just assumed they were having lunch together.) I left as soon as I ended my discussion with her and rushed to my appointment. She was still at her desk when I left.

I returned to office at almost 4pm. I noticed that the meeting was still carrying on as the meeting room was still in use. This wasn’t normal as normally that meeting would start about 2pm and ended around 3.30pm at most. The meeting actually ended around 5.30pm! Only my manager returned to the office but in a rush and panic mode. She quickly left her computer and notes at her desk. My colleague tried speaking with her but she said quite loudly ‘can I talk to you later, I really need you to use the toilet very badly. My bladder is going to burst.’

Soon the rest of the managers returned to office and they were having a little ‘conversation’ among themselves about how Long the meeting went and how badly they all needed the toilets. my leader who had to return to office to put her stuff back returned shortly and also joined in the conversation.

I overheard her say a few things:

1. I was so urgent too and all the toilets were occupied, I nearly died waiting

2. She said to another female manager (so it was you who was in the unisex toilet, I could hear you peeing from outside) the other leader replied that she normally wouldn’t use that as I people outside can hear but she needed to pee so badly that she just rushed to the nearest toilet.

3. Complain that her ‘stomach’ area was still hurt and that she had to hold the urge until she was praying that she could keep holding on.

We both worked late until about 7pm. I asked her if she wanted to grab some dinner before we went home. She agreed. I asked her how the meeting went in an attempt to strike more conversation and she was the one who brought up the desperation.

I found out that the managers were supposed to have a lunch meeting with a few of their superiors to run through some of the presentations. Her discussion with me ended late so she had no time to use the toilets and went to the lunch meeting. The whole group were back late for the actual meeting with the higher management and they only had time to grab their notebooks/laptops and entered the meeting room until it ended at about 5.30pm. I was shocked and asked her ‘you mean you didn’t use the toilet since this morning?’

She said ‘yes, that’s how Long I had to hold and I hadn’t peed the whole day’ I assumed her last pee was in the morning when she woke up. she also said ‘I think I will have a bladder problem when I get old if I continue this way. The worst was when i tried to go in the single toilet and I could hear someone peeing loudly inside. When I reached the toilets I had to wait and I could hear them peeing urgently and loudly inside’. This lead to a short conversation on how she usually hold her bladder as work is too busy and she normally go and pee when it gets urgent

I wished I could have seen or heard them Pee. There are some really attractive managers

*036*2020-05-14 10:06

I also have some ‘hearings’ from this single unisex stall. If someone is in there you can usually here what is going on in there and I have heard a couple of pretty desperate pees.

Perhaps i’ll share more in the future.

*037*2020-07-06 08:27

Hi everyone this just happened recently. It is not a sighting. It is just a recount of how my colleague just recounting and describing her desperation.

It was a work day and we end work at 6.30pm. That day her husband was gonna pick her up from work and head over to a car workshop for some quick servicing. She was too busy with her work that she didn’t realise it was 6.30 and her husband called her as he was waiting by the road downstairs waiting for her. She claim that she had needed the toilet for quite some time but decided to hold it as she didn’t want to keep her husband waiting.

The car workshop was about 15 mins drive away. The workshop was in an area very ‘industrial’ and there wasn’t much shops or anything around. The estimate was 90 mins to 2 hours before they could collect the car. They left the car at the workshop and went to get some Food for dinner at a nearby food stall. It wasn’t a very big stall with just 2-3 tables under some umbrellas by the road. She said that it was uncomfortable but wanted to try to hold until she reached home as she was pretty sure the toilets were nasty.

They ate and waited for about 1 hour before returning to the car workshop to see if it was done. The workshop informed that it was gonna take longer as they had more work still needed to be done. My friend who was getting urgent now decided to head back to the food stall to use the toilets there instead. To her horror the shop said that there wasn’t any toilets available!

My friend went back to the car shop and decided to hold it and accepted that she had to wait until she reached home. She was getting more and more urgent and she finally asked if she could use the toilet. The workers there informed her that she may not like the toilets seeing she was in office wear.

After about 20 mins she decided that waiting may no longer be an option, she asked to use their toilets. She described the toilets as dirty, smelly and just a single cubicle with a squat toilet. The floor was wet and had black shoe prints all over. There wasn’t any lock as well and the door which was just a very hollow plastic door would naturally swing open.

She was getting more desperate now but decided not to use it as it was very difficult for her to pee. She decided not to use it and wait until she reached home.

She asked Twice more how much longer was the car going to be ready as she was ‘anxious to pee’. After about 45 mins it was finally ready and she told her husband to drive fast and she had to stop on the way home so that she could use a toilet at a proper Coffeeshop.

*038*2021-01-02 21:10

Hi my next sighting occured in a huge departmental store. I have finally gotten a new house of my own and I was heading down to a local store which had everything electronics. I was going to buy everything from kitchen equipment , TVs and everything for the new house. This sighting I witness was not very obvious and I did not suspect that she was desperate until quite near the ‘end’.

I reached the shop at around 1pm after I had my lunch. The first display at the front of the stores were the televisions. A nice guy approached me and showed me a couple of TVs. We shortlisted a few models that I was interested in. The guy suggested that we move on to the other equipments and revisit this later after some consideration. He brought me to the area where they had displays for the refrigerators/ washer machine for clothes etc and introduced me to a cute looking girl (probably late 20s at most). Let’s call her T.

T was very nice and polite and was very helpful. we spent quite a long time sharing that it’s my first time purchasing these equipments and she shared that she was quite new on this job. since I was new to all these and she was quite new as well she often needed to ‘check with her colleagues’ to answer my questions. She was very patient with me in trying to help me find the suitable products for me at the beginning but I still had a hard time deciding which refrigerator I wanted. Towards the end it was between 2 different brands and I found her more ‘impatient’ and ‘aggressive selling’. In the end she suggested that she would do me a favour and keep both models in stock for me and I could come back to her within 1 week to let her know which one I preferred. I spent a total of about 4 hours with her in total picking out all the kitchen equipment. I noticed in the last 1 hour or so her sometimes crossing her legs or lifting 1 leg off the ground and turning her knee inwards.

But I thought nothing much of it. At this point in my mind, I just thought she was getting tired walking around showing me the displays and explaining everything to me and just wanted to close the deal. She brought me to a desk where she proceeded to explain to me the exchange policy, warranty period etc. This took a further 20 mins, I noticed she was rather tense and I still attributed it to the long sessions we been through. She explained that she needed some time to note down all the items I wanted and create a bill for me, This would take about 10 mins. I had started to feel a light need to pee by now and went to the toilets and came back to her station. I had a good 5 mins or so ‘admiring’ her nice eyes and nicely painted nails. (She was wearing a mask but I’m pretty sure she was quite attractive).

By this time it was almost 6pm and I still had to head back to the TVs displays to select the TV that I wanted. She followed me to the TV display area to look for the first guy that assisted me. (They probably have some commission arranged to be split in my joined bill since they were ‘experts’ in the different products) but the guy was no where to be seen. She was rather fidgety (but not obvious) and almost ‘panicky’. She tried calling him on his mobile but there was no answer. She then suggested that she would go to the office to make an ‘announcement’ for him to come to the TV display area. I suggested that he might be on a break or something and she didn’t need to hurry him. It was only then she revealed in Chinese, in her own words “ Actually I am really very urgent to pee. can you wait here while I go to the toilet, it will only takes 5 mins, sorry I’m really urgent.

Of course I said sure I’ll wait for her here. Just as she was about to walk away the other guy returned. She quickly told him about the bill she had passed to me and to help me while she went to the toilet and she will be back real soon. She had 1 leg bend inwards toward her other leg all the time she was explaining to the guy. While she was gone, I made the decision after a quick chat and the guy proceed to add my new TV into a new bill. While I continued to walk around the area looking at some speakers. T returned shortly and apologised embarrassedly. I Laughed to make her feel better and asked if she was feeling better. She admit rather shyly and said “it was really urgent and had a lot of pee”. I then joked and said she should have told me earlier.

She replied “actually I already needed to pee and It was almost my break time but I was a customer that would buy a lot of items and she couldn’t release me for the commission” I then asked her more on her working hours and if this happens frequently. I concluded that she was in the morning shift so her last pee would probably her morning pee, and she held for more than 4 hours. She also said that this would sometimes happens but normally it was alright and she would wait until the deal was done before she would go and pee, just now my pee was really going to leak out that’s why I went toilet halfway.

Soon the new bill was confirmed and I paid for all the items. Knowing it was over her working time, I offered to have dinner with her but she was rather shy and refused politely. So sadly that’s the end of our short relationship.

I hope you guys enjoyed it. writing this really turned me on, knowingly she was shy and was almost at her limit before admitting her need to pee. I was rather disappointed that I had not ‘spot it’ earlier.

*040*2021-01-16 19:11

I think she would have asked to be let out but she couldn’t do it as the seatbelt sign was on and nobody was allowed to leave their seats.

*041*2021-03-13 03:44

Hi everyone, back with a short incident that I never witnessed but the girl was sharing her experience with me over some drinks at a bar. Some background, I knew this girl since we were kids, we were classmates in school (8years old). We never really contacted much but we were just social media friends. I met her recently near the area where I work and we decided to arrange one evening where we can catch up. Over drinks the conversation somehow moved to how covid19 has affected travel and we can’t wait to travel again. So she shared some details about her last trip she had in 2020 just right before covid restrictions happened.

This happened to her last year, it was a work trip to Vietnam, she and another male colleague of hers. They spent 5 days working on a site there and had another 2 days before returning. they decided to explore and travelled to another city to fly back. The incident happened during the bus journey between the 2 cities. They chose this as it was the cheapest option to travel in between the cities as they had to pay for it themselves, the company only provided air tickets. It was about a 7 hour ride. They started off at 10am after breakfast at the hotel and for some reason the 2 of them were the only foreigners on this trip, the bus wasn’t full so everyone could sit alone without sharing a seat next to someone beside them.

About 2 hours into the ride she had the first urge to pee but she wasn’t worried about it. After an hour the driver stopped in a rural area surrounded by some grass fields and a few trees and spoke in Vietnamese and some people started getting off the bus.

The 2 of them not knowing what was going on at the beginning, did not get down at first but soon realised this was a ‘rest stop’. There were no toilet facilities and the men moved face away on one side to pee while some women squatted some distance away. The guy joined the rest of the guys and got to relieve himself but my friend who was dressed in jeans decided that she could not do it as she was not comfortable with ‘showing my ass to the world’ the other females who got to pee were dressed in a type traditional Vietnamese dress which offered a lot of ‘cover’

She went back onboard the bus without peeing. She tried to sleep to ‘distract herself’ but after about an hour. She ‘couldn’t sleep as it was getting very uncomfortable’ she tried reading as a distraction but ‘it didn’t really help much’. At the 2 hour mark she was ‘very urgent and it felt that her pee bomb was gonna explode’.

They reached the city another 2 hours later and ‘thankfully there was a restaurant open nearby’ she ran as fast as she could and managed to pee after close to 5 hours of holding it. She said ‘she was really THIS CLOSE to doing a number 1 in public for the first time in her life’.

I don’t think she knew how much I enjoyed her experience. And I really enjoyed how she used her exact words which I had quoted like ‘this’.

*042*2021-08-02 19:33

Hi it’s hard to have any sightings but I did have a really good one recently.

I recently bought a house of my own and hired a company to design the house. One of their Sales staff assigned to me was a young lady, I learned that she is 29 this year. She was average height and quite attractive. (All the Sales staff were quite attractive females for some reason). We had met a few times recently to share what imagined the house to be like and she did some work to show us. We had to go tothe house to finalise all the details before she could get the works to start. Please mind that the house is totally empty with only the toilet bowls installed (cane with the house) and tiles were already done by the workers at this point.

On this day, we decided to meet at a cafe about 20 mins away for a quick discussion and then she would then drive us to the house to confirm all the details. We each had iced coffee as it was a pretty hot day and we met at around 3pm. (the area that I bought the house was a very newly built up area with no shops or anything like that nearby, just to give you an idea) she was also wearing a white tshirt, jeans and sneakers.

On the way, there in her car, she explained to me that she might need to go over to the other house for a quick visit as there was some works already started there. I told her not to worry and she could take all the time she needed. (She was also assigned by her company to look after another client in the same area as mine). The plan is was for me to go to my new place first, and then she would go to the other house (few mins away) to settle the other site before coming back to my place to finalise all the details. Just as we pulled up, she shyly admitted “I really really need to pee badly, should have gone at the cafe” my interest in her immediately picked up. I casually replied that you can go at my place and asked her about this situation being common on her job . She declined saying she would be fine and told me that she faces this on some days with no available toilets.

We entered my house, she was saying that she will roughly explain to me where the cupboards and wardrobes would generally be first, leave me there to think further before she will return to confirm the dimensions and stuff which could take up a lot of time.

As we went from from room to room, I could see that she was really in a bad way and each time we passed the toilets, she mentioned about her need to pee like 3 times in a short span of 5 mins. I told her to go ahead and use the toilets but the issue was the house was totally empty with no doors. She said “ it’s so dirty, the workers had used them previously and it was quite dirty with pee stains and stuff. ( I was gonna change the toilet bowls anyway so I wasn’t really affected by the state it was). She also said “there’s no doors I don’t know how I can do it” I offered to go to another room and not to look.

Just then her phone rang and it was some workers calling her to ask on some stuff at her other house she was suppose to head to. She spoke to them for a couple of mins and told them she will be there soon but she might need to find a toilet first. After she ended the call I told her to just go ahead and use it I wouldn’t look. she reluctantly agreed and asked me to go to the next room so I would definitely be out of sight. After a few seconds I could hear her peeing since the house was so empty and there wasn’t any doors or anything. Her pee came out strongly for 57 seconds (I timed (pretending to use my phone) she was indeed desperate with the volume and speed where he pee hit the toilet bowl. 

She came out looking so much better and saying that this was one of the worst toilet situation she had ever faced as the condition of the toilets were really dirty with debris and stuff. She also said “that was really good training of her legs muscle” so I can imagine she was in a half squat position to avoid touching anything. My guess is she had no other choice but to take up my offer.

She went to her other site and returned in less than 30 mins later before we finalised all the minor details that took over an hour. She definitely wouldn’t have made it til after we were done.

It has been a really long while since I had witness anything worthy of a sighting and she really had no idea how much it turned me on.

*044*2021-11-27 01:09

Hi all

Super excited to share this sighting which ended up in a female friend peeing with me guarding in the male toilet. It has been super hard to get any new sightings with covid so this was a really great moment.

Recently our covid restrictions was lifted and we could go out drinking in the pubs again. I had met with a group of 8 people (5 guys and 3 girls) from my workplace since it has been quite sometime everyone was able to meet up together. We went to a nearby pub for drinks and some food. The seating was a ‘U’ shape booth against the wall and only 2 people could get out easily.

The girl which I witness was sitting ‘inside’ the booth meaning that if she were to get out, someone sitting beside here would need to get up from their seat. We all had a good time chatting and catching up over a few rounds of drinks and before we knew it, it was almost closing time and we were told for last orders of drinks. This was a good 4 hours since we had met. Since then a couple of us had been to the toilets at least once but not the girl sitting on the ‘inside’ as she was ‘stuck’ and was maybe too shy to ask other having to move out to stand for her.

We left the pub and 3 guys decided they were going to catch a cab home. The remainder of us wanted to use the toilets before going home. This area was a whole lot of bars along the same street and the pubs didn’t have any toilets in their premises. It was a shared toilet for the whole street so naturally after closing time it was crowded on the street. We headed to the toilets and there was queues for both male and female toilets( from inside the toilet to out of the street)

The girl who hasn’t peed at all since we met had loudly complained about the queue and how ‘urgent’ she was and had kept ‘asking’ us to hurry to find the toilet for her was panicking.

The girls queued up for the toilets and me and the other guy queue for ours. The toilets were few for such a large area with the crowd (The male toilets had 2 urinals and 2 stalls, I later found out that the female had 3 stalls)

The guys queue was moving much faster than the girls. Once out of sight from the girls in the male toilets, there were 3 guys ahead of me. When I was next in line I suddenly received a text from the desperate girl asking if she could pee on the male toilets and if I could help her. I agreed as I knew she was really losing it. she ran into the guys toilets, with the shock to the rest of the guys in the queue but none of them said anything. Thankfully for her, a stall freed up and she rushed in, asking me to stand outside the door of her stall. Her pee was super loud amazing gush that went for a really long time.

She thanked me once we exited for ‘helping’ and said that this was beyond urgent and just really painful’. her text will be forever a ‘treasure’ that I will keep. she also asked us to please don’t tell anyone about this.

This was her text ‘hey, none of the girls are willing to let me cut the queue can I come and pee with you in the guys toilet, it’s on the verge of bursting out already’

We had met for at least 4 hours and she had drank at least 5 pints to give you some idea.

*046*2021-12-27 18:22

Hi all this next one is super short but thought some of you might like to hear.

I was in town heading home, it takes about 20 mins to my stop which was the last stop. This girl was with a guy (they only recently met through the conversation I overheard throughout the ride.) they were chatting about languages they usually speak at home etc. so they must be new friends’

The girl caught my eye as she was really petite I’m guessing about 150cm, slim with really nice eyes (wearing mask, covid effect)

They were chatting casually in the train and I was standing behind them quietly admiring this girl. Turned out they were going all the way to my stop which made me secretly happy.

Just as we were reaching, the girl asked ‘not sure if I should take the tram home’ the guy replied ‘I thought you need the toilet’. She shyly replied ‘actually I’m urgent but I was thinking if not using the toilets at the mall’ (at our stop) this was pretty late around 10pm. the guy suggested you can use the toilets at the train station. The girl replied ‘yeah, I think I better go, I really need to pee very very badly(breathing in quite heavily and adjusting her high waist pants while walking behind the guy)

They were headed to opposite exits from me so I did not follow. Part of me regret the decision not to follow them towards to toilets just for a few minutes of great opportunity. Just the thought of her trying to hide her desperation (she did it really well, wouldn’t have thought she was really desperate until they talked about it). Also thought how she needed to pee in front of her new friend but decided to take the train anyway with both of them knowing she needed to pee was super hot. Lucky guy there

*047*2021-12-27 18:28

{{On 11/29/2021 at 1:57 PM, Angusburger said:

Wow wonder how she held in like 2L for 4 hours? Could she even walk normally and stand straight when you guys left the bar? Did she show any signs of desperation while sitting? How long did she wait in line for? At least she thankfully made it but must have been embarassing and painful for her. How long did the other girls wait in line for?

}}

We had consumed that amount but I wasn’t sure how much she was holding. Unfortunately I could not notice anything as I was furthest from her. The other girls came back about 10-15 mins later.

*048*2022-04-25 06:21

This next one does not involve extreme desperation but I would think she was desperate enough to ask to use a stranger’s (my toilet)

Me and my wife have recently moved into our own place and we have loads of delivery packages (mostly hers) showing up on our doorstep frequently. on this day I was working from home and I heard someone leaving a parcel as I was working close to my main door. I got up and went to retrieve the parcel and to my surprise it was a pretty young girl in her twenties pushing a trolley with all the delivery parcels and packages. She was delivering some to the apartment across from mine as well. We exchange smiles and I offered her a drink as the weather was quite hot on that day.

She thanked me and said this ‘yes , it’s been such a busy day thanks for the drink but do you think I could borrow your toilet?’ I said sure and opened the gate to let her in and showed her the way to the toilets. I could hear her pee as my apartment wasn’t very big. it was quite a good stream with decent volume. She came out smiling and said ‘thank you, you’re a life saver’ which made me think that she was rather desperate but I had not noticed any obvious desperate signs since everything happened so quickly.

I also learned that the e-commerce platform had outsourced the deliveries in this particular area to her boyfriend and she and her boyfriend has been doing the deliveries themselves.

With E-commerce so common nowadays it makes me wonder if this is a common occurrence among the delivery person

*049*2022-06-02 16:29

Hey everyone I’m really excited to share this next one as I was up close and personal with this girl who got desperate in a work meeting.

I work in a fairly large international company. A colleague from australia (calling her E for easy reference) from another country was visiting us for some work. She sort of works under the same function as me and my team just for another region. My team only consisted of me and another person in this region. With that, me and my the other guy were the ones to host her and brought her around. On that day E was wearing a black dress with black heels that was open in the front which you could see her toes.

On that day we had met in office in the morning. We had quite a busy morning showing her around the office and introduction all our colleagues and sharing more about what we do and how things are about different here in this country. things went past fairly quickly in the morning and soon it was lunch time. Our colleagues were all very warm and excited as this was a first time in a long time (since COVID) we had colleagues in other regions coming here. A few volunteered to head out to buy back some local food for lunch while the rest of us could continue to mingle with E. I took this chance to take a pee but I noticed she hadn’t had the chance to slip away at all as she was engaged all the time as there was always someone speaking to her.

Soon lunch was over and we had also invited some partners over to our office for a work meeting for her to understand our work here better, this was a scheduled 2.30-4.30pm. We brought our partners into our meeting room with the long table and began our meeting. During the meeting I sat beside E and noticed initially she had her legs crossed but as the meeting went on she started to fidget a little, occasionally rocking the chair from left to right. E was involved on some of the conversations and while she was taking I took the chance to notice these signs of needing to pee. The last 15 mins of the scheduled time of themeeting she was very tensed and even could see even her toes tensed and she squeezed them really tightly.

The meeting was running over with alot of progress in the conversation but I could see E was really in trouble having already starting this meeting without a chance to pee all day. At this point I had the urge to pee again having already gone during lunch so I could imagine how bad she was having it. The conversation was moving towards the end but very slowly. It was a good 20 mins past our scheduled end for the meeting E suddenly interrupted “I’m really sorry to interrupt but I really need to use the restroom, can someone show me where the toilets are?” I took the chance to say I would show her and followed her out of the room.

She was very embarrassed and was apologetic saying that she hasn’t had the time to pee all day and was very shy to excuse herself from everyone earlier and that she didn’t even know where the toilets was but “really should have said something and gone before the meeting started”. I replied that I hate it when this happens in meetings especially in back to back meetings. She replied “normally those are fine but this is probably the only time ever I’ve needed to excuse mid meeting as I really cannot wait anymore”

We reached the toilets and she rushed into the females while I took the chance to pee as well. I went out and decided to wait to walk with her back to our meeting room. But I was hoping for more conversation with her. She came out smiling and I asked if she was feeling better now. She replied “much better, never in my life have I held it so bad that I couldn’t even feel if I was still holding on or not ”. I also apologised for not giving her the full tour and showing her where the toilets were and she joked that she would definitely make sure to ask for a full tour and make sure to know where the toilets are if she goes to another new office.

For fun fact the meeting just ended about 5 mins after we returned but it was so hot seeing her struggle and putting up a last minute effort to interrupt and in making it to the toilet on time.

