Trixie's Tiny Bladder Accounts (Expect updates)

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-06-27 07:52

Warning now: This might get long and I will update in comments regularly since she's a desperation lover's dream. Most of her accounts are just desperation, or outdoor wettings but there are some small accidents, full on accidents, and deliberate wettings. I might share some of our sexual experiences as well if they involve anything omorashi.

I met Trixie in highschool my senior year and I don't want to share any accounts of her desperation or wettings then since she was underage, but I will speak of everything after when she was of age. Since I had known her it was obvious she had a small bladder and took every possible pre-caution to make sure her bladder was empty. She had been to doctors and didn't have any incontinence issues but even with kegels and attempts to stretch her bladder by holding sessions, she didn't have much luck.

Trixie went to college in another state but visited often to visit her family, which lived about 45 minutes from where I went to college. We spent time together when she was in town and while I did like Trixie's tiny bladder, I also loved her as a friend and had romantic feelings for her for awhile. After college she moved back into the state and it's a two hour drive between us so it's not difficult to maintain a friendship. I'm going to try to update as much as possible since I've been wanting to tell you guys about Trixie for awhile. I'm changing her name here but her real name is quite similar.

###

Spring break my freshman year Trixie came back into town to visit her family, friends, and have a spring break bash. There is a spring break college spot not far from us so a lot of spring breaker's partied there. We were both underage but that's nothing a fake ID couldn't solve and I was never much of a drinker anyway. During this trip Trixie was about 5'4 and 120 lbs. She was a gym-aholic and worked out to the point her flat stomach and abs would put Victoria's Secret models to shame.

Trixie was a 34 B cup and wore a size 3-4 in jeans. (I know because girls love to share clothes.) This trip her hair was about shoulder length and wavy with platinum and dark blonde highlights. Her eyes are a gray blue and she has an adorable sloping nose with long, camel-like eyelashes and soft pink lips that looked like Audrey Hepburn's. Her cheeks were sunkissed with freckles and she was just adorable. My husband always picks on me for having such pretty friends but follows it up with "pretty girls run in packs" to make me seem less shallow.

I picked Trixie up from the airport. She had brought along a friend of hers named Bianca that had curly brown waist length hair and big brown eyes. We decided Trixie and Bianca would stay with me most of her trip and then Bianca was taking a flight home early so Trixie could spend time with her family. When I picked them up from baggage claim Trixie had a sweatshirt tied around her waist and was blocking her crotch with her purse. I introduced myself to Bianca and went to hug Trixie so she dropped her purse and hugged me. When she stepped back I looked down to see that she had wet her pink sweat pants. I laughed, hugged her again, and when we got in my car (she changed first) she told me the story of how she wet herself on the plane. Trixie's always been open about her accidents and need to pee, so her stories are usually pretty detailed, especially if she's frustrated or upset about it.

Before Trixie boarded she didn't drink anything all morning aside from a few sips of water and she peed at the airport prior to boarding. Their plane sat on the runway for 45 minutes and once it was up in the air Trixie felt the need to pee slightly. Unfortunately, her and Bianca were not in the same aisle and Trixie had a window seat, meaning she had to step over two people to use the restroom. Not wanting to do this more than twice, Trixie decided she would wait until she really had to pee before she would go. When the drink cart came she drank a soda and after some time passed she decided it was time to make her first bathroom trip. The plane hit turbulence and the seat belt sign was on so she waited it out, crossing her legs and squirming.

Finally the light came on and she rushed to the bathroom and stood through a long line that she wasn't sure she could make it through without wetting herself. Fortunately Trixie made it just in time and was able to get back to her seat. Her bladder filled quickly, though, and it was weakened from stretching her poor bladder to it's limits. There wasn't much time to landing but Trixie knew better than to wait it out so she went over to the bathrooms and there was a small line. She finally got to the front but the person inside was taking a very long time when the plane hit turbulence again. Trixie tried to stay in line but a flight attendant sent her to her seat.

The sign was back on and the planes hitting bumps weren't helping her at all. The pilot said they were set to land in ten minutes so all tray tables needed to be turned down and seats back up. But then the weather got worse and the bumping caused Trixie to leak. She leaked a few times until she was under control but then the plane had to circle for about ten extra minutes prior to landing. At some point Trixie's bladder gave out and she sat in her seat until everyone was off the plane before exiting.

My place was only twenty minutes away but Trixie asked for a rest stop so I obliged. With Trixie I never tried to extend her desperation or keep her from a toilet. I cared about her too much to be cruel.

###

During this same Spring Break trip Trixie, Bianca and I headed over to the beach for some tanning and swimming. Trixie had no problem relieving herself in the ocean so she did it often and I didn't expect much desperation from her this day. Once the sun set Bianca wanted to go to a beach bar so we threw on our cover ups and took off our wet suits underneath. Men weren't shy about buying Trixie drinks so she managed to have a few under the table. We decided to leave so we all hit the bathrooms and I drove us back to my place.

It didn't take ten minutes before Trixie said she needed a bathroom break. We were on a highway so she didn't want to stop on the side of the road but I promised her the next exit I would stop for her. This exit took almost fifteen minutes to get to and Trixie was bursting at the seams, both hands in her crotch by the time we pulled into the gas station. I needed to pee too so I went inside with her but they said their bathrooms were employee only. She begged and begged but to no avail. I asked if she wanted to go to another gas station but she said she wouldn't make it, she was already leaking. 

When we got outside Trixie stood on the side walk directly outside of the gas station and spread her legs, letting go of her bladder. A stream of urine came from underneath her dress as she emptied her bladder. Some of her pee had run down her legs and onto her shoes so she went back inside and bought a pack of tissues to clean up with. Bianca and I both decided to do the same and walked behind the building to a grassier point and squatted down, releasing our bladders underneath our dresses. Without a bathing suit bottom or panties on it was easy peasy so we went on our way.

*003*2013-06-29 07:11

Just a short one before bed. I apologize if I don't proof read, my sleep medications make me rather loopy.

This is a more recent experience, about six months ago. Trixie and I work somewhat similar jobs with different companies and her company had a contract with my company so there was a conference of about forty or fifty people in a very large conference room at my head-quarters. Trixie stayed the night at my place and we had to be in the office by 9 am for the morning.

Of course we both overslept and had to rush out the door with messy buns in our hair and frayed nylons. Since traffic was (thankfully) clear we were able to stop at a Starbucks drive-through to grab some lattes and hurry off. About ten minutes from work we hit traffic and Trixie and I both realized neither of us had emptied our bladders (or even brushed our teeth!) before we rushed out the door. I had some of those wisp throw away tooth brushes in my purse but nothing to help our bladders. 

I felt a twinge and needed to go before the meeting but Trixie's capacity is much smaller than mine and had already drank some coffee. This day Trixie was wearing black panty hose, a black pencil skirt, and a ruffly white and black polka dot top with a black blazer. She had on a pair of my black pumps she borrowed from me. She also had on baby pink lipstick and her dark brown hair (she changes the color often) was up in a bun. We managed to reach the office with about a minute to spare but by then Trixie was rather bad off and had her legs crossed and a hand in her crotch. She's never shameful around me about her bladder needs and while I sympathized, I was getting rather aroused watching her shift in her seat and rub her nylons together. She complained the skirt she had on plus the panty hose were crushing her bladder. I don't think she was wearing panties since both of us tend to not wear them very often.

We got to the office and while we were going to be late, Trixie and I both rushed into the ladies room, relieved ourselves, and sprinted to the conference room. We were the last in and the head of the meeting was obviously waiting on us and looked very annoyed. He shut the door and in his opening statement he said we would break for lunch at 12, come back at 1, and then be done by three.

Trixie whispered that she hoped there would be scheduled bathroom breaks since we were discussing security matters it was very unlikely anyone would be able to leave quietly and come back. Both of us sipped our coffees and took out our laptops and began typing away notes and going through the tasks of the new system. We were set up in a large room that had a few rows of seats and we ended up stuck at the front row, right corner. The meeting went along as usual and Trixie and I both sipped our coffee but I noticed she had set her's down and wasn't drinking anymore, probably trying to be careful. I know coffee can go right through her so I'm sure she was already regretting having anything to drink.

Around 10:45 Trixie whispered to me that she needed to pee. I asked her how badly and she said "Not that badly yet but I could use a break soon." While I had to stay pretty focused on the meeting, I glanced over multiple times to see she cross her legs tightly and shift in her seat. She didn't appear to be desperate but seemed uncomfortable. I'm sure her tight skirt wasn't helping and she was changing positions occasionally, but I didn't think much of it until around 11:15 she leaned over and we had this conversation:

Trixie: "Wow, I need to pee so bad I can't really concentrate."

Me: "Only 45 more minutes until lunch. Will you be okay?"

Trixie: "I'm honestly not sure. Do you think they would let me slip out if I said it was an emergency?"

Me: "I suppose it wouldn't hurt to ask."

Trixie raised her hand and instead of coming over to her, the speaker said "Yes, a question?" Trixie blushed a bit and asked if she could take a quick break to the ladies. The speaker said no, the break is coming up and if she didn't learn how to use the system because of her bladder needs she wouldn't get a second chance. Trixie was visibly embarrassed and recrossed her legs tighter. I was no having trouble paying attention to the speaker now because her movements were becoming so sexy. She had her legs crossed and was holding them together tightly. She was tapping her heels on the floor and rubbing her thighs and nylons together. She had now basically given up on keeping track of learning the system (I taught her later, it wasn't as hard as the speaker made it out to be) and was focusing all of her attention on holding in her bladder. She pulled up a Word document and wrote the following in a tiny font so only I could see it:

"I have to pee so fucking bad. I don't think I can hold it for the next twenty minutes at all. I'm going to wet this seat. I'd seriously walk out right now if it wouldn't be my ass and my boss is already ticked at me from my mistake last week. I am taking off these heels and running, I swear."

At this point she took off her blazer, set it in her lap, and was holding herself under her skirt with one hand. She'd only break the crotch holding to type if it became too difficult to do in one shot. We wrote back and forth a few times, sometimes about her bladder, sometimes about just being bored, but around the time there was only seven minutes til 12 left she typed this to me:

"I'm about to piss myself, no joke. I already leaked a tiny bit but when I stand up it's all down hill from there. Cross your fingers for me."

The conference went on until about 11:55 and Trixie had already stuffed her laptop in her briefcase and was rushing toward the door. I was in hot pursuit afterward and couldn't catch up to her until she was stopped in the hall, glancing around. She yelled to me in a worried voice where the bathrooms were (we were in a multi-level building) and I told her none on this floor, but one upstairs next to the elevator. She practically ran to the elevator, which was an impressive feat in heels.

The elevator came quickly and while some people were approaching, I didn't hold the door for them to knock off some time until her bladder could meet a toilet. She was now cross legged, hands in her crotch, and pee dancing at the same time. She told me she was leaking already and while she hadn't lost it yet completely, there as pee running down her nylons. I looked at them and I could see a distinct line of pee on the left leg. 

When the elevator finally came to a halt she ran to the ladies room and told me "Oh god, it's coming out!" She rushed into the stall, didn't bother to close the door or lock it (I closed it for her and stood guard, other people were in here) and heard the rustle of her tight skirt as she tried to hike it up to pee. I heard her butt hit the toilet seat and a cascade of pee hit the water with great force. Her pee didn't last long but once she was done Trixie asked me to join her in the stall. She still had her skirt hiked up and her nylons on, quietly explaining she had wet them so much she just peed through them. She didn't know what to do about it since she didn't want to sit in wet panty hose all day but didn't have panties on. I told her to just take them off and if anyone asked (which I doubt they would even remember let alone say anything) to say she got hot.

She stripped her tights, we found a cute cafe within walking distance, and right when we arrived she peed and peed after we left. She didn't drink anything at lunch or through the rest of the meeting but kept eating cough drops to keep her mouth moist. By the end of the second meeting she had to do another dash to the toilet and told me it was a close call but not as badly as the first one.

More soon!

*004*2013-06-29 07:33

I will throw in one more before bed but it's a shorty since I'm not going to explain the desperation much:

Trixie was visiting me on spring break our senior year and she needed a ride down to her parents place. It was only a 45 minute drive and while she peed before she left, that year my car's air conditioning broke so she was drinking water the entire time. Before we reached her parents place she said she had to pee and we were stuck on the highway with no where to stop off for her to pee. She was wearing a pair of khaki shorts and had her burgundy hair in braided pigtails. I don't remember her top but I assume it was a tank top.

She had her legs crossed already and was urging me to drive faster. Her parent's exit wasn't for about fifteen minutes and when we were almost there she told me she was "about to burst." Since I was speeding I was pulled over by a cop and the officer took his sweet time writing me a ticket and running my information. He also told me/ticketed me for an out break light, which I explained I replaced yesterday. He asked if he could take a look and I got out of the car, leaving Trixie in there so the cop could fix my break light. It was just a problem with wires disconnecting so we were able to fix it, although the entire cop situation took a decent chunk of time. 

When I got back in the car Trixie had wet herself (I had leather seats, it wasn't a big deal) and was sitting in a puddle of her own pee. She seemed upset about ruining my car but wasn't upset she wet herself, it happens to her every once in awhile. She offered to pay for a detailing but I told her it was no issue and she apologized for making me speed and get a ticket. We cleaned up the seat and she took her shorts off in my car revealing soaked red booty short panties and a pert, white bum. She changed into a loose flowy skirt and left the panties and shorts on my floor. She remembered to grab her shorts but forgot her wet panties in the car. Wet panties don't do much for me but I did have a friend with an accident fetish at the time (we lost touch) so I saved those for him. He actually ended up paying for my ticket in exchange for them, hah.

*005*2013-06-30 21:31

This is one of my favorite Trixie stories! Trixie got married when she was 24 to a man named William. I was Trixie's maid of honor and when the day of the wedding finally rolled around, Trixie was extremely nervous and frazzled. I did my best to calm her but it took a Valium to keep her from panicking. I offered her champagne but she was worried about having to pee more than she already did, which was very difficult in her dress. She also has a nervous bladder so the more she's nervous, the more she needs to pee.

The wedding was set to start in twenty five minutes so I helped her put on her beautiful, long ruffly gown and tightened the corset, then touched up her makeup that had worn off a tiny bit since the makeup artist left. There was five minutes until the ceremony and Trixie announced she needed to pee. We went into the bathroom and I pulled up her gown but we coudn't get her panties off and fit her in the tiny stall. There was about two minutes left before start and I rushed around and found a bucket she could squat and pee in inside the dressing room. 

At this point we didn't have time so she said we'd come back after the ceremony. For those who like descriptions of looks she had Marilyn-Monroe esque makeup and her hair was shoulder length, pulled up into a side up-do with spiral curls. By then she had a head of light brown hair with blonde highlights and had recently gotten a breast enhancement, which made her breasts a full C, almost a D. Her gown was white with lace and she wore three inch white heels with little bows, although her feet were hidden by her train.

The ceremony began and Trixie's stepfather walked her down the aisle, gave her away, and Trixie and William began their ceremony to be wed. William's family was very religious and Trixie wasn't but they helped chip in for the wedding so they were married in a very large chapel with a very religious preacher. His speech lasted at least fifteen minutes, which was absolute torture for Trixie to stand still while fighting a full bladder in front of 100 plus people. I was standing right next to her and could visibly see her bobbing up and down, clenching her jaw, and taking deep breaths. Luckily for her I'm sure most people assumed she was nervous, not that she was about to pee a river underneath her wedding dress.

The preacher finished his ceremony and William started reading his vows to Trixie, which were so beautiful I actually teared up and messed up my mascara. Trixie was trying to concentrate on his vows but I could tell she was focusing on her busting bladder. When it came to be her turn she stumbled over a few words and ended her vows quickly, skipping many of the parts she meant to say (I knew, I wrote half of them for her, hah!) 

It was time for William to kiss the bride and they kissed, the crowd clapped and cheered, and then Trixie and William walked down the aisle. Her face was pained and the photographer kept stopping them, trying to grasp a quick shot of them in the moment. When she reached the treshhold of the cathedral I sped walked up to her, separated her from William, and told the photographer we would be right back. I pulled Trixie through the hallway back to the dressing area and by now she was hobbling and whispering to me that it was "coming out" and I needed to "hurry the fuck up before this gown was soaked."

When I got her into the dressing room she nearly fell on her face running to the bucket and trying to pull her gown up. I knelt behind her and pulled it up, revealing a sizeable wet spot on her fancy Victoria's Secret "I Do" light blue panties. She squatted down and peed through her underwear, her stream hitting the bucket hard and fast. While I know Trixie has a smaller bladder I was impressed how much she was letting out through her underwear and into the bucket. She sighed and moaned as she finally was able to relieve her bladder and her entire face was sweaty and pink.

When she finished I helped her remove her panties and we dabbed her legs and crotch dry with tissues. She rested for a few minutes, recovering from her bladder battle and fear of peeing herself during her wedding ceremony. I touched up her makeup and then we reunited with the rest of the party for pictures before traveling to the reception hall. When she told William about her peeing debacle he laughed and kissed her, used to her small bladder and constant bathroom trips.

Once we reached the reception hall she calmed down quite a bit and we all enjoyed the plated dinner and open bar. I noticed she hadn't been to the bathroom in almost two hours and was hitting the champagne hard. I suppose she could have snuck off but I don't know who would have helped her with her gown. We ran into eachother after some dancing and she said "I need your help, I can't pee here."

I asked what the issue was and she informed me the only bathrooms were tiny stalls that her dress couldn't fit through. We didn't have a bucket this time and the reception hall didn't have anywhere private to pee. The actual bathroom only had two stalls and was busy with guests; it also didn't have a lock to offer any privacy. I asked her what she wanted to do and she said "No idea, but I am about to piss myself so we better figure this out." After some quick brainstorming while Trixie danced on the spot, we decided to go outside the hall and she would duck behind the building and relieve herself on the flower garden. 

There were a few pedestrians but at this point Trixie didn't care. I picked up her train so she could easily crouch down without showing her cute bare bottom to the world. It was dark out by now so there wasn't much worry about getting caught but it did take awhile to pull her gown up enough to not get dirt all over her white dress. She sighed as she peed onto the grass and peed for almost 45 seconds, which is far more than I ever expect of her, especially while drinking. She commented the Valium had probably kicked in and was helping her nervous bladder but that she had leaked a few drops while trying to find an acceptable place to pee. We returned to the party, the guests none the wiser.

A few more times throughout the night I helped Trixie with her gown and we immediately returned to the same garden spot for her to pee as it was the best option. At the end of the night she changed into a pretty pale yellow dress with matching heels and waited out the rest of the guests leaving. We hit the bathroom again before her and William went home (they took their honeymoon a week later) and this time she was able to take care of peeing without assistance. Trixie thanked me for being such a good friend and I laughed and said "Hey, what are friends for? Obviously holding up your wedding gown while you pee!"

*006*2013-07-02 06:17

Just a short one about Trixie. Involved a little bit of sex. I want to start this with saying there have been times in our lives Trixie and I have kissed, fooled around, etc but never entered a relationship. We always just considered it to be exploring our sexuality with good friends.

She and I had spent all day at the beach (I used to have a condo that was a twenty minute walk from the ocean.) Today she was wearing her hair in braided pigtails that hit just below her shoulders and was sporting a nice tan across her supple legs. Her bikini was white with black hearts and she had a halter top and skimpy tie bottoms. Trixie and I were rather popular at the beach that day (I had on a sparkly pink push up bandeau top and matching booty short bottoms. At the time I had long medium to light brown hair with platinum highlights) with the fellas and while we weren't trying to get drunk, we did accept a few beers from coolers.

The water was freezing so we only went in ankle deep before limping away like wimps. We were getting over being at the beach and decided the head home. We put back on our cover ups (she wore a white top and really tight cut off jean shorts) and headed back to my place. Not long after our walk Trixie mentioned she really needed to pee. I mentioned I needed to go too but neither of us made a move to stop in at any of the shops along the way. We both knew most of these places didn't allow the public to use their restrooms without purchase and neither of us brought our wallets with us, just my house keys shoved between Trixie's breasts. Here's a conversation we had throughout our walk home:

Trixie: "Ugh, I should have peed in the ocean but it was freezing."

Me: "Yeah, me too. I would have gone through my bottoms but it would have been too obvious to all those guys around."

Trixie: "I considered it but the white would turn yellow and I'm afraid these might be see-through, they are really thin. I shaved this morning because I was scared of stubble."

Me: "You naughty girl." I gave her a swift swap to the bum and she shrieked, grabbing her crotch.

Trixie: "You made me pee a little!"

Me: "Sorry! I didn't know you were that bad off."

Trixie: "Yeah, I think I'll make it to your place if we hurry."

We continued our journey and sped up as fast as Trixie could handle. She was hobbling a bit by now but there were a lot of people around so I know she didn't want to hold herself to keep the pee in or relieve the pressure. We had about five minutes left when Trixie ran a few blocks ahead of me and sprinted up the stairs to my place and I took my time, having to pee myself but knowing she had the key and I was desperate enough to need a toilet soon but could wait a few more minutes.

By the time I got up the stairs I saw Trixie standing outside my apartment building, dancing on the spot with her hands buried deep in her crotch. I asked why she wasn't in yet and she said she lost the key and thought I had an extra. I didn't, but promised to find it as soon as possible. My complex is pretty busy and she was turned away so no one would see her holding herself but many people passed by as she stood on my doormat. I walked downstairs looking for the key carefully and luckily found it infront of the stairs in the grass. 

By the time I rushed back upstairs and opened the door Trixie said she was "starting to pee her pants" so she ran into the bathroom and jumped in the shower, leaving a trail of pee through my apartment. She let go the rest through her jean shorts and I followed her in quickly and stood in the shower with her. I put my hand on her crotch and kissed her, letting her pee seep through my fingers. We kissed passionately until she was done and she said "Wow, that made me really sensitive, peeing myself like that. It usually doesn't, it must have been the kissing."

We kept kissing, her standing in her wet shorts and her hands found their way up my skirt. I dropped to my knees, took off her jeans, and licked her until she came. When I finished she asked if peeing myself made me more sensitive too. I said it does sometimes, like through tight bikini bottoms. She asked if I would pee them for her and the entire time I let my piss flow she put her hand against my crotch and massaged my clit.

Trixie never really knew about my desperation fetish or fetish for her wetting herself, she just thought I was being playful and sexual because we'd been fooling around all weekend.

*009*2013-07-03 00:49

This is one for those who like secretive wettings.

Trixie went to a relaxed liberal arts college and while that degree landed her a job with a pretty professional company, the relaxation of the school allowed for their graduation to be more relaxed and a little silly compared to those of other colleges. I flew up to watch her graduation (secretively, of course) and when she saw me there she cried and ruined her makeup so badly I had to sneak her into the bathroom to fix it. When we were in there she peed and said she hoped it wouldn't be a really long service since she had drank two coffees before to service because it was hard for her to wake up after a night of hard partying.

My ears perked up and I didn't want her to be in pain because she was my friend but I figured by the end she would be bursting. They weren't supposed to leave their seats much but if it was an emergency they could go to the bathroom as long as the announcer wasn't close to their specialized section. The classes were in alphabetical order but broken up by sections and during most ceremonies I've seen phones get collected but they let the students keep their cell phones as long as the sound was off. For those interested in looks her hair was shoulder length, spiral curled, and medium brown with red low lights. She had heavy cat-eye makeup with red lips and was wearing a white graduation gown with her cap. Underneath her gown she was wearing a tight white pencil skirt with a black button up blouse, black nylons and black heels with white bows.

Trixie's section was the last to be called and the ceremony was really long and pretty boring. The main speaker spoke for twenty minutes about something pretty irrelevant and then the first section was called, the names droning on and on. I was bored so I was playing on my phone and texting Trixie making fun of the people in front of me for their clothing choices. During our text sessions she texted back:

Trixie: "Dammit, have to pee."

Me: "Already? We just went."

Trixie: "I know, I know but you know me."

Me: "You could go now, they are only on section two."

Trixie: "I'm thinking about it but I should wait because I probably won't get the chance to go again for awhile."

Me: "Tell me when you go and I'll come with you."

We texted back and forth about a couple of over things until about ten minutes later she said "Fuck it, I have to go now, meet you there." We arrived and there was a sizeable line of both guests and graduates. We waited for about ten or fifteen minutes while she stood with her legs crossed, clenching her fists together. She managed to get a stall and emptied her bladder, then we returned and she snuck back into her section. It seemed like an eternity passed and we stopped texting to save our phone batteries and I just daydreamed. Her section was next and the one before her was part way through when she texted me:

Trixie: "I have to pee again. I thought I could wait but this is taking so long."

Me: "Will they let you go? Your section is next."

Trixie: "I'll try, maybe. Meet me there."

I stood in the restroom for about seven minutes before Trixie arrived and said "The head of my department argued with me but I claimed period emergency and in a white gown...yeah, she finally let me go." She looked disappointed at the line and crossed her legs tightly, her nylons rubbing together as she bobbed up and down. Her section was announced and there was still a five or six woman wait until the stalls so we headed back and she reluctantly joined her classes line up. I couldn't keep the best view on her from far away as she stood in line so I can't recount her desperation.

After she received her "diploma" (it was fake, she had to go downstairs to get it) she filed out with the rest of her class and yelled my name as she walked. I followed her and we went directly to the bathrooms. I whispered to her if she was okay and she said "Yeah, I couldn't hold it and I was leaking the whole time in line and ended up peeing myself. I don't think anyone noticed because I was standing but my tights are wet and my skirt probably is too." After a sizeable wait we joined eachother in the handicapped stall and she was right, her tights were destroyed and her skirt was wet in the back a little and on the front, as though she was bending forward when she wet herself. 

She took off her tights but didn't know what to do about the skirt. We took it off and dried it the best we could in the hand drier. She gave up on her nude thong panties as well since they were soaked and I rolled them up and stuck them in my purse. She put her skirt back on and it was almost an hour before the family picture shoot was over and we could get back to her place for her to change out of her wet skirt.

*010*2013-07-03 04:21

This is a story was relayed to me by Trixie's ex-boyfriend, Jim. Trixie never told me this story herself so I don't have the best grasp on details or time frames. I never really cared for Jim, and this story will probably prove why. I will keep this on the shorter side for quick reading:

Jim and Trixie were driving to his parent's house for a visit, about a five hour drive depending on traffic. Jim had never been very sympathetic to Trixie's small bladder and since he never saw her wet herself (she usually made it and if she only had a few leaks she wouldn't mention it) he assumed she was just being dramatic. Jim was ten years older than Trixie and very serious; he was difficult to joke with and I don't think he was as nice to Trixie as she deserved. As the trip wore on Trixie told Jim she needed to pee and asked him for a bathroom break. He had a full gas tank and an empty bladder so he told her she should wait until they arrived at his parent's place. Trixie staid quiet for awhile but then pleaded with him again, begging for a stop. He insisted she was an adult and was being too dramatic about her urgency.

He also insisted she should have taken the chance to pee before they left and that should tide her over until their arrival. Every exit Trixie was getting more frantic and Jim was more annoyed; they had a deadline to hit for a dinner party and were already dressed in their formal wear. He didn't want to waste anymore time and since there was only thirty minutes left and they were about ten minutes late, he refused to stop and told her to keep quiet about it. She could pee at her parents house and was just being childish. He mentioned she was bouncing around and holding her crotch like a child, although he thought this was an act.

They finally arrived at his parent's place and were met by his parents (she had never met them before) and a group of guests sipping martinis on the porch. Trixie really needed to visit the restroom and the second she stood up to get out of the car the dam broke and she flooded her fancy slacks, her bladder releasing a waterfall of pee into her pants directly in front of his parents and a handful of guests. Jim was mortified and didn't speak to Trixie the entire weekend. They broke up about two weeks later and I think that was probably a huge reason why.

*011*2013-07-03 19:22

This is a double wetting experience, yay! Trixie and I have a friend named Tilly (Matilda but she went by Tilly) that we knew in highschool and re-connected with after graduation. I rented a house on the beach in the Florida keys for 5 days and me, Tilly, Trixie, and Tilly's sister decided to stay there for a few days and slit the rent. It was beautiful and a great spot for tanning, fishing, and walking to bars. I've never been a heavy drinker but Tilly and her sister were. Her sister's name is Beth but I won't include much about her since she's a little snobby and never had bladder issues, really. I didn't like Beth much but she was Tilly's twin and I wanted us all to get along. We decided to rent a charter boat to go fishing on out in the ocean, which was a three hour trip. We were with a group of four other people, all men in their late twenties or early thirties. Trixie and Tilly were flirting a bit but Beth was the one all over these guys.

Anyway, this day was windier and more stormy than we expected so we packed bikinis in a beach bag but ended up wearing wind breaker jackets and pants. Trixie had her hair tied up in a sloppy bun and was wearing a dark blue wind breaker with a white top and dark green cargo pants. Tilly was about 5'9, with platinum blonde hair in a cute bob and a lip ring. She had B cup breasts and a small waist with big hips. This day she was wearing a Victoria's Secret sweatshirt and matching light blue yoga pants. I don't remember what Beth was wearing but she looked similar to Tilly in build but had longer hair and no tattoos.

We set out and the guys offered us beers, which Beth jumped on top of right away, as did Tilly. Trixie and I declined but when the guys pulled some Smirnoff ice's out of the cooler we both accepted one. Two hours into the trip the captain announced the weather was so poor that he would offer us an extra two hours if we wanted to stay out, for free. The weather was clearing up now and the guys and Beth sort of decided for us, but now it was easier to fish so I didn't mind. We stripped off our jackets but it was still unusually chilly so the bikini's stayed in the bag. Beth asked the captain where the bathroom was so she could change into her bikini top (she wanted to be flashy for the guys) but he said there wasn't one. And this is where it became interesting.

About three and a half hours in to our five hour trip Tilly was drunk as a skunk and Beth wasn't far behind. Trixie was a little tipsy, as was I, and mentioned that she had to pee and didn't think she would last five hours. She was sitting on the edge of the boat and had her legs crossed casually. I felt the need a little bit and was wondering what we were supposed to do about the lack of bathrooms. One of the guys answered this question for me by emptying his bladder over the side of the boat into the ocean. This is when I realized mostly men chartered boats for deep sea fishing so a bathroom was sort of an after thought. The water was too cold to want to jump in and none of us had our bikinis so I would see how this played out.

The trip continued on and Tilly and Trixie were both now whispering to me they needed to pee and had given up on fishing. The guys were brazenly watering the ocean while all of us didn't know what to do. Tilly was sitting in a position that her heel was pressed against her pee hole and she was holding her full bladder in her hand. Trixie had her legs crossed tightly and had her windbreaker across her lap so she could hold herself underneath. The weather began to get shaky around the 4 hour mark so the captain said we should head in, which would take maybe thirty minutes. We all agreed and set off, Trixie and Tilly wincing as the bounce of the waves hit their bladders harshly. This conversation ensued.

Tilly: "Do you think the captain will stop so we can pee off the side?"

Beth: "No, that's gross and embarrassing, don't do that. How would you even do it, you'd fall in?"

Trixie: "I guess we could hold eachother up and take our pants off? It's embarrassing but I'd gladly do it right now."

Tilly: "I'll ask."

Beth: "NO! I have to pee too but I'm a grown up so I'll hold it and I'll be damned if I let you guys act like fools."

Trixie: "Wow, chill out. We won't ask."

No one did but their need became more and more dire, to the point that Tilly was now sweating and shoving her heel into her crotch so hard her body was shaking. There wasn't a lot of bladder discussion since the boat was too loud to really talk on, but I could see the desperation in both of their faces. Trixie was the closest to the captain and she leaned in and half yelled if he could stop. She didn't specify why but he answered "No, sweetheart, we need to beat this storm and we'll just barely make it."

I'm sure the girls were just barely about to make it as well and the rest of the fifteen minute trip was quite the show of pained faces and squirming. Trixie had both hands underneath her wind breaker and eventually she whispered to me "Fuck it, I don't care, it's over" and released her bladder. Her jacket covered her crotch but a stream of urine fell onto the floor of the boat and pooled around her. The boat deck was already wet so her urine wasn't too noticeable but there was some evidence of her accident on the inside of her cargo pants where her jacket didn't cover. Beth called her disgusting and told Tilly she better not wet herself. Tilly seemed unsure but nodded and changed her position to cover her crotch with her hoodie and hold her crotch with both hands.

We finally docked and Trixie stayed in the boat as long as she could to hide her accident. Tilly shot out and made a run for the outhouse that was close to dock but met a line of a few other bursting boat goers. Beth stayed behind to flirt more but I followed Tilly since I was pretty desperate myself, enough to cross my legs as I waited. Tilly was now openly holding herself and jiggling on the spot, pleading out loud to not pee herself. I don't think she even realized she was doing it, but Tilly was still a bit drunk. There were two people ahead of her when I noticed a trickle of pee start on the back of Tilly's sweatpants.

She managed to stem the flow for a moment but about twenty seconds later the pee began again and she hopped out of line, trying to make a run for the woods to block herself from peeing in front of everyone standing near the restroom. She made it a few feet before a blossom of pee cascaded down her legs and across the back of her pants. She squatted down and released the rest of her bladder into the grass, forming a puddle in the dirt. I could see the visible puddle underneath her and she had an ocean of beer inside her bladder. With as much as she released I was surprised she had lasted as long as she did, and thinking back to Trixie, I was surprised Trixie lasted as long as well. I managed to make it inside to let go of my bladder and then we headed back to the house, two girls with wet pants and Beth pulling along one of the guys to fool around with in the living room.

*013*2013-07-04 19:20

{{:

Freepostage, this story was a double erotic story. I loved it .It got me a bit excited; there is a bit of a bulge in my pants. I am curious what did the guys think of all of this desperation?

}}

Honestly, I wasn't really paying attention to any of the guys since I was so focused on the girls. They seemed rather indifferent, I believe.

*015*2013-07-06 22:16

NEW STORY: Warning; this has a lot of detail about surroundings but does involve an accidental wetting.

This forum needs a bit of an update and I'm putting off getting ready for work so I'll throw in a Trixie experience. We were both in college, about 19 at the time, and it was in the middle of the summer so we were both off of school for the summer. At this time Trixie's hair was just past her shoulders and the blondest I've ever seen it, mostly from sunshine. She had cute blunt bangs she usually straightened and let the rest fall into pretty beach waves. Trixie and I decided me, her to be husband William (they were just friends at the time), our friend Jamie (girl) and Jamie's boyfriend Jeff should go camping and try "magic mushrooms."

I'm sure most of you know, but magic mushrooms are a type of mushroom that causes hallucinogenic effects. I didn't mind being the fifth wheel since Trixie and I were being rather touchy feely at the time and William and I were fooling around a bit as well (we were a liberal group, to say the least) so if I wanted a snuggle buddy I knew I had one. I was also in an open relationship with the boyfriend from the bar so I wasn't in a dry spell or anything. The drive to the camp grounds was pretty anti-climatic; we stopped for a few pee breaks but I didn't notice much urgency beyond "hey, I need to pee, stop off somewhere."

So we get to the campgrounds, set up our tents, and walk out into the woods until we find a clearing that was basically an open field with a few rocks and one sad, dying tree in sight. It was about six thirty pm and sweltering hot but we had plenty of water with us in our backpacks. We all sprawled out on our blankets and ate our mushrooms, mostly wrapped in fruit roll-ups because they didn't taste great. I had taken them before and didn't like them a whole lot so I took less than everyone else, but I was feeling pretty good looking at the sky and watching the clouds. Time passed, and I really can't say how long, but Trixie and Jamie had wandered off. By the way. Trixie was wearing a black halter top, no bra, her hair down, and cut off jean shorts that were so short her butt cheeks would show if she didn't adjust them constantly.

Jamie had on a sundress of sorts and is about 5'2 and 100 lbs with black pixie cut hair and a lot of tattoos. Anyway, it was getting dark and Trixie and Jamie were no where in sight. William and Jeff had wandered off as well but were still in sight and were obsessed with chasing fire flies. I couldn't get their attention and decided to treck into the woods to find Trixie and Jamie since I didn't want them lost in the woods. Obviously not the brightest idea since I was alone, but hindsight is twenty twenty.

I went crashing through the brush for awhile and darkness crept on, which made the trees grow and shrink, making the woods hard to navigate. I went back to our campsite but didn't see the girls anywhere, so I headed back toward where I thought the field was. I ended up hearing a creek and was about to turn around since it was dark as hell and I didn't want to be alone anymore when I heard Jamie yell "No, that's wrong!" I followed her voice and found her and Trixie wandering in circles trying to navigate the woods. When Trixie saw me she ran over and jumped onto me, hugging me and kissing me on the mouth, thanking me for finding her. She asked if I knew how to get back to the camp sight and I said I did. We figured the boys could fend for themselves and started wandering back, but it took awhile because we were quite lost. We decided to rest on a rock for awhile and drink water until we felt like walking again, the trees were making all of us dizzy.

Trixie suddenly announced she had to pee like a racehorse and walked behind the rock and squatted down. I listened for the hissing noise of her peeing but didn't hear it...just silence. Time passed (again, vague, but time was a whirlwind) and she came back. I asked if she peed and she said she didn't remember how and didn't need to go anymore. I didn't question her and we started walking again. She announced she needed to pee but Jamie told her to "put a cork in it" because she wanted to get back to the camp sight. Jamie needed to pee as well and wanted to use the bathrooms at the sight (which were new and actually pretty nice) since she didn't fancy peeing outside. Trixie didn't argue but when I watched her she had a hand clinging to her crotch, walking a little hobble legged. Jamie finally found the trail back to the sight and made a run for the bathrooms, leaving the two of us behind.

Trixie whimpered, saying she needed to go right now, and then removed her hand. It was difficult to see in the dark but in the moonlight I could just barely see her crotch darken and pee trickle down her leg onto the ground. Trixie made no move to crouch down or even take off her jeans, she just let her full bladder burst into her jeans. When she was done she looked down and said "Oops! Didn't realize I did that." And casually walked back to the camp. She changed in the tent and the men didn't return until later. Jamie finally got used to peeing outside the next day when she was pee-pee dancing in line and I watched her flood the bushes in plain sight of many campers, her white butt bare to anyone that wanted to look.

*016*2013-07-10 04:15

Trixie and her husband, William, separated for a few months when they were going through some troubling things. Thankfully, neither filed for divorce and it was worked out but Trixie did stay with me and my fiance for three months. She wasn't a bother at all, but she did have a two hour commute from my house to work. She had to take a main highway that had enough exits for consistent rest stops, which was good news for her, since she couldn't leave the house without a big cup of coffee. Although she did take advantage of the rest stops sometimes, there were a few times I caught her sprinting up the stairs holding her crotch, making a break for the bathroom after her long drive home from work. Traffic can be a nightmare so some days it took her almost three and a half hours to get home. One day really took the cake. This is actually rather recent, within the past year.

I was working from home that day (like usual, really) and saw her leave in the morning. She had her hair in a tight ballerina bun with a black headband and was wearing a pair of (my) pearl earrings, a three strand pearl necklace, a turquoise low cut blouse, a black cardigan, light gray trousers and black pumps. She borrowed my car this day since her's was on the fritz so we swapped keys in case I needed to head out for any reason. I didn't want her heading too far away from the house without reliable transportation. Trixie was very grateful for our generosity and repaid us in her own way ;-) but that really isn't relevant.

Anyway, Trixie headed out for work and was running late anyway. She caught me on the way out and was talking to me about something, then realized she was late and bolted out. She called me about an hour later, bitching about how terrible traffic was an how late she was going to be for work. She had already called her boss, apologizing for how late she would be, and he said he was caught in the same jam so to just get there as soon as she could. She wasn't too stressed about getting in trouble but traffic jams made her nervous and nerves made her bladder contract, which was already brimming up with the large thermos of coffee she left the house with. We chatted about other things but she brought up her bladder quickly:

Trixie: "Ugh, this traffic is a bitch. I need to pee and I'm between two exits."

Me: "Are you going to be alright?"

Trixie: "I better be, I'm not peeing in my coffee cup and there's no way to get my pants off anyway."

Me: "That bad you're thinking about a game plan?"

Trixie: "Oh yeah. I need to start wearing diapers to work."

We laughed about that and the only time I've ever known her to wear a diaper was to a concert where bathrooms were limited but I wasn't with her. Anyway, we continued conversation and it led back to her bladder a few times. She mentioned it was filling really fast and the traffic was moving but not quickly enough. Finally the traffic let up a bit and she made it to an exit. She shouted a quick goodbye and made it to a gas station bathroom. She texted me after saying "That was close" and I thought that would be that. Trixie texted me after lunch saying she had to pee badly all day, probably because of her close call on the way to work. Her bladder felt weaker and she said she was peeing a lot but not much volume. We're pretty open about that kind of stuff, especially since during that time period I frequently got UTIs, which we would discuss to a point of way too much information for most people.

On her way home I didn't hear from Trixie but she usually didn't call me because she knows I'm really busy during the day and usually finish my Skype conferences around 5 pm. I fell asleep at 6:30 pm and woke up at 7:15 pm to the doorbell ringing frantically. I woke up, groggy, and took a minute to figure out what day it was, where I was, and find some clothes to answer the door in. It didn't dawn on me that when we changed keys I only gave Trixie the car key, not the house key, and while I was napping she couldn't get in. I opened the door and she cried out "Finally, I'm wetting my pants out here!" and raced upstairs, hands in her crotch. I didn't see any signs of wetness but I followed her up, still disoriented, and asked how work was. I could hear her pee tinkling into the toilet, and while he voice was urgent her stream wasn't very loud or hard.

Trixie: "Way too busy. And I had to pee every hour on the hour if not more and the bathroom was broken on our floor so I had to keep breaking away to go upstairs, which of course caught the attention of all the guys on floor 10 so I was trying to hold it to not get picked on anymore. Otherwise good, both of my clients signed on."

Me: "That's good. Those guys are all over you, they see your wedding ring is off and want to pounce."

Trixie: "Oh, I know. It's so chaotic, they act like frat boys anytime a woman crosses their path, so I hate using their bathroom. At the end of the day I didn't even go since I had just gone like ten minutes before and knew they'd make fun of me."

Me: "Did you stop at all?"

Trixie: "Yeah, at a Subway and of course I bought a Mountain Dew. Then I realized you were low on gas and my bank account is low so I didn't want to risk running out so I just came straight home after and didn't stop."

When she pulled her slacks back up there was a wet spot on her crotch, a small circle that hadn't really trickled down her legs but showed she really was peeing her pants while dancing with her hand in her crotch on my door step. The rest of the night she went to the bathroom very often, to such a degree I asked if she wanted to go to the doctor with me tomorrow to check for a UTI, but the next day she seemed back to normal.

*017*2013-07-10 21:31

This is for the desperation and barely making it lovers. No accidents here, just a warning:

Barely Making It Series:

# 1:

Trixie and I were 19 and she was off school for the summer. We went out dancing and she was wearing a tight black dress with patterned floral stockings. The dress was velvet and low cut, her red lace bra occasionally peeking out. She was wearing matching red panties that were boyshort style and lace, see through in the front. The dress hit her mid thigh and she had on four inch bright red shoes and wore red lipstick. Her makeup was dramatic with a smokey eye, since we were trying to get into 21 plus bars.

At this time they didn't check IDs too much and if you were pretty you were basically in. We got into this bar called Glass, that doesn't exist anymore, and everything in the bar was made of glass; walls, stairs, everything. Even the bathrooms had glass walls and while they were fogged out so you couldn't see anything naughty, you could still tell what everyone was doing and tell the colors of their clothes. A lot of women avoided the bathrooms until they were drunk enough to not care since they were rather shy about bodily functions.

Trixie was one of these women, and she decided to hold her bladder throughout the night as we danced. There wasn't much of a line and the bathrooms were actually rather large, so she wouldn't have much issue if she decided to go. We were drinking mostly water because of how much we were dancing, but a guy did buy us both screwdrivers so we were a little tipsy. The tipsyness made us rather kissy and touchy with eachother, which was making us popular with the fellas. Trixie and I finally decided to go to the bathroom but when we got in we walked in on three girls sniffing cocaine.

They looked horrified, but Trixie and I both promised not to tell. They offered us some and I declined, but Trixie said yes and while I peed she snorted a line in the biggest stall. She failed to pee and once she was high she didn't care about her bladder so we went back to dancing. We were separated at one point and when we met up near the door she had a headache and I was tired of dancing so we hailed a cab back to our hotel. Once we were in the cab Trixie remembered her bladder and whispered to me that she had to pee so badly.

She took her shoes off and sat on her heel with her nylon feet up her skirt, pressing against her red lace panties to block the pee from racing out. She was jiggling up and down and asked me to distract her from her bladder so I started kissing her ears and neck. We were kissing for a few minutes when I noticed the cab driver was leering at us so we stopped and sat quietly the rest of the ride. Trixie changed positions again so she was holding her crotch by sitting on one of her hands and holding from underneath, her face flushed with desperation. We finally reached the hotel, paid our fare, and raced to the elevator.

I accidentally hit the wrong floor so the elevator made an extra stop. In the mean time Trixie had both hands on her crotch and was moaning in pain, demanding I take the key out so she could get to the toilet as fast as possible. When the elevator opened on the wrong floor a man walked in and Trixie had to remain composed, standing were her legs tightly together. Her jaw was tight and I could see her shivering.

We reached our floor and Trixie bolted for the hotel room door, which was proving difficult to do in four inch heels on carpet. I ran with her, although I was lagging behind. I had to pee again myself but not as badly as Trixie. Each step I could feel my bladder bounce and hurt, so I couldn't imagine how painful her bladder was, full of a night of drinking and no relief. We reached the door and I unlocked it, sliding the key while she pee-pee danced frequently. She bolted inside and before I had the door shut I could hear her heels clanking on the tile of the bathroom. By the time I was inside she had her tights and panties off and was planted on the toilet, peeing away in bliss. Trixie had her head down and was gripping onto the sides of the toilet, looking exhausted. When she finished she pulled her panties back up but took off her tights and dress and climbed into bed. She didn't take her panties off so I assumed she didn't leak.

*018*2013-07-15 03:26

Trixie's Diaper Experience:

I mentioned in a comment that Trixie once wore a diaper to a concert but I was not with her for the experience. We speak often and the other night she called me after she had been hitting the booze a little hard. We talked about things all over the board but I probed her about that experience and this is what she told me. I will use her words the best I could write down, I was typing it but some things I changed up a tiny bit or had to shorthand since she was speaking so quickly. Keep in mind she was drunk so her language was a bit silly.

Trixie: "Oh yeah, so I went to Warped Tour right? And I know I'm way too old for that shit, you know, we all are, but Will wanted to go and I never got to when I was younger so fuck it. Will told me a few years ago when he went there were only portapotties and you know me, I'll pee wherever, because yeah. But he said they never had enough and the lines were bad, like at that festival you worked that one year I went? Yeah, like that. Anyway, I didn't want Will to know but I don't want to wet myself or have to pee the whole time I was there so I bought diapers. It was so embarrassing, Kat, like you have no idea.

I pretended they were for my grandma because why would a girl my age need diapers? I felt like that NASA lady that drove to Texas in diapers or whatever, anyway, she was so crazy. So I buy these diapers right? And I felt like a toddler when I put one on the day before, but they weren't really bulky or squishy so I could wear a loose pair of pants over them no problem. I was worried you could tell but my butt just looked bigger. It was hot but you know Warped, you need to wear pants and sneakers and all that or else you'll get stepped on."

Me: "Did you test it out the day before? How does that even work? Are they absorbent?"

Trixie: "No, I couldn't bring myself to pee in them the day before. I tried but I couldn't let go, it felt weird, so I wasn't even sure I'd be able to at the concert. Anyway, we went, and it was awesome but I had to drink sooooo much water to not pass out. You remember how I passed out at Disney that one time right? Yeah, I didn't want that to happen so I drank so much water but then I had to pee really badly so I decided to try out the bathrooms. I was scared the diaper wouldn't hold and was going to just use it for emergencies. Anyway, the line was super duper long and I was doing a little dance by the time I got in there but I made it.

The next time though I had to pee like thirty minutes later and so much worse than the first time. My favorite band was also on and I didn't want to leave so I tried to pee but couldn't make myself, it just felt wrong and like the opposite of what I'm supposed to do. But finally after jumping up and down it started coming out and I just let it. It was pretty absorbent, yeah, like it didn't get my jeans wet or nothing but I was so scared it would. It felt weird to do it on purpose and not get wet but yeah it was cool."

Me: "Did you bring more than one?"

Trixie: "No, I totally forgot and was scared to go more than once so I took it off and went to the bathroom all the other times and one time I had to pee behind a van because I couldn't wait."

*020*2013-09-06 04:38

I've been ignoring this thread to work on my fanfic but I decided to touch on it, especially since I saw a desperate Trixie experience two weeks ago.

Trixie is now back together with her husband and just excitedly revealed to me that she's two and a half months pregnant! I am very happy to hear this surprising news, knowing she has always wanted children of her own and was having difficult conceiving. In celebration we decided to go shopping at the outlet mall near her place to pick up some discounted baby clothes and supplies, as well as a few comfortable and cute maternity outfits. Trixie was still so early in her pregnancy that it wasn't visible but stocking up on comfortable outfits at a discount was certainly a fantastic idea. Trixie's hair was a shiny light brown hue (she colored it so often I can hardly keep track but she was letting her old color fade out and planned to not color it throughout her pregnancy).

Her slim, hard body was still tight and fit; I wouldn't have guessed she was pregnant at all had she not told me. The only difference I noticed in her appearance was her breasts were somewhat swollen and her nipples were permanently hard and visible through her top. This day she had chosen to not wear a bra underneath her light blue v-neck t-shirt and paired it with a pair of dark wash jeans with strappy silver sandals. Her light brown hair was in braided pig tails and she had on large silver hoop earrings that matched her silver bangle bracelet. On this day she wasn't wearing even a drop of makeup so her freckles were visible and Trixie was obviously glowing in a way only pregnant women can. I thought she looked beautiful and gave her a tight hug and kiss when she opened her front door.

We started off shopping at a discounted baby boutique and continued on to a few other stores until we we landed in a rather small knock off perfume store. This is when my beautiful friend announced that she needed to pee and would like to find a restroom as soon as possible. Knowing how small her bladder already is on top of the urgency of being pregnant, I figured we better leave the perfume shop and find a proper facility. The problem with this outlet mall is none of the stores have customer bathrooms so while usually there would be a customer restroom available for use in a large department store, here all the stores were set up like an outdoor strip mall with outdoor bathrooms that were single stall units.

Since neither of us were familiar with this particular mall we didn't have a clue where to start looking so we just trusted our women's intuition and took a right down the cobble stone path, figuring eventually we would pass the glorious site of a bathroom sign. We kept out eyes peeled as we walked among the discount stores but didn't see any signs or even a "you are here" map. Trixie was growing visibly desperate and uncomfortable, biting her tongue and taking small, fast steps. When no one was paying attention Trixie complained about her swollen bladder and was holding her stomach as she walked.

Based on her complaints and actions, her desperation had shot from just needing to pee to absolutely bursting in such a short period of time but I suppose that's rather common in pregnant women. Trixie had now arranged a shopping bag to be directly in front of her crotch so she could somewhat discretely hold her crotch with her other hand as we walked. Every time I looked up at my desperate friend there were beads of sweat forming on her forehead and her normally pale cheeks were flushed with hues of pink. Finally we passed a kiosk selling electronic cigarettes and I asked the attendant if he happened to know where the closest bathrooms were.

After about two minutes of a sales pitch that was likely torture to poor Trixie, the helpful man directed us down a brick hallway just a few yards ahead that would lead to public bathrooms. After knowing where the facilities were, Trixie practically bolted down the hallway toward the restroom sign, although she was stopping her run to bend over occasionally and knead a hand into her crotch. Keeping a close stride behind her (although I was practically tripping over my shopping bags, I nearly slammed into the back of her when she suddenly stopped right in front of the women's room.

Ahead of us was a short line of three women. While three women wasn't much Trixie was clearly breaking her need to pee, the baby using her bladder like a bouncy house. The disappointment and urgency in her face was visible and I was starting to wonder how much longer she really could hold on. I was familiar with her holding ability while drunk and sober but her capacity and wait time while pregnant was not something I was used to.

By now she made no moves to hide her desperation and had two hands deeply shoved into her crotch, dancing erratically on the spot. The current occupant of the bathroom came out and by now there were only two people waiting for the toilet in front of us. The second woman seemed very sympathetic and let Trixie slide ahead of her in line, stating Trixie looked like she needed to use the bathroom far more urgently than she did. My friend thanked this sweet stranger numerous times and explained she was a few months pregnant, which was not helping her desperation. Crossing her legs tightly and bending forward, Trixie danced on the spot as the young girl in front of her shot her dirty looks and played on her phone. The young girl didn't seem to be anywhere close to Trixie's need, at least not visibly, but I highly doubt the teen would have given up her precious spot if Trixie had asked.

Finally Trixie was next in line and by now she had tears in her eyes, a pained look struck across her face. I felt badly for her plight but there weren't any other options available as she couldn't really drop her jeans and pee in the grass outside of a very busy outlet mall, although I'm sure she would have loved to. "I need to pee so fucking bad, I think I'm going to piss my pants" she grunted through her teeth. By now Trixie was panting and her bangs were damp with sweat even though it wasn't too hot outside. A few more women had joined the bathroom line behind us so she was (poorly) attempting to not be as obnoxious, standing up straight with her denim clad legs crushed tightly together. When the toilet flushed loudly Trixie whimpered softly and I suspected she may have leaked a tiny into her panties.

When the door to the bathroom opened Trixie charged past the teen and left the door open, rushing toward the toilet like her life depended on it. I followed her into the bathroom and locked the door, turning back just in time to see Trixie pee-pee dancing and bent forward, struggling with the button on her jeans. "No, no, no, c'mon" she was muttering, wriggling around with her bum jiggling so cutely, trying to hold back the flood for a few more seconds. A small dark trickle appeared on the butt of her jeans while she was still bent forward and fighting to get her jeans off. It wasn't long before that spurt turned into a leak and a coin sized spot was visible on the crotch of her jeans. Before she was able to get her stubborn button off her jeans, pee started rushing out of her, a river of pee surging down the back of her thighs, crawling to the floor.

Knowing there was no turning back to stopping the flow, Trixie lept toward the toilet and sat down with her pants still on, peeing hard into the toilet through her clothes. "I was so close" she said quietly, defeated by her loss of bladder control and blushing a tiny bit. Her urgent stream turned into a trickle, then just quiet drops as I crouch down to clean up her small puddle of pee on the ground with paper towels. Lucky for Trixie she had already purchased a pair of leggings and a top that day, so she was able to strip off her wet jeans and soaked white panties to change. She wrung the pee out of her jeans into the sink the best she could, then threw her saturated clothing into a shopping bag before leaving the restroom.

I teased her the rest of the trip but made sure to grab a map so we could always locate a toilet for her quickly. She had a few more close calls that day but only had that one accident. I will try update more since I'm sure her pregnancy will lead to a few future accidents.

*023*2013-09-07 00:12

{{:

Frepostage, You sure know how to excite a guy with you detailed descriptions of Trixie's desperation and jeans wetting. Thanks for taking the time to write it.

}}

No problem! I'm tempted to get a picture of her next time she has an accident (if I'm around) or pictures of her very desperate (no face, obviously) but I'm not sure how creepy that would be. Or possible.

