I Feel Like Doing Some Laundry

Author: Diesel

*000*2010-10-25 22:36

My mom was going to her friend's house, my dad was going to go tutor, so I was left alone in the house,besides my brother who never leaves his room. I told my mom just before she left that I felt like doing some laundry. She had no idea this meant I wanted to wet my pants. My mom still does my laundry so I needed an excuse to wash my clothes. I heard two cars back out of the driveway and I smiled.

I removed the sheets that were in the washing machine and stuffed them in the dryer. I ran up stairs and came back down with my hamper in my hands with a clean pair of undies in my mouth. I turned on the dryer and selected a towel we use to keep the water from the dishwasher off the floor. It was warm and dry. Perfect for wetting.

I had been holding it for a few hours so I bounced around as I set down the towel. I couldn't hold it much longer so I sat down quickly. Then I let the floodgates open and all my pee escaped into my underwear. It felt good to let it out and even better to let go in my pants. I savored the warmth as it leaked from my underwear onto the towel and started to puddle around me. When I was done, I rubbed my wet crotch and supressed the urge to giggle.

I sat there for a while enjoying the feeling and decided I'd better clean up. I thought I heard my brother start to come down the steps. Panic struck me and I rushed to close the door, leaving a trail of pee from my soaked underwear. Realizing it was just the cat, I sighed and started to clean up. I threw my clothes into the wash,pit on clean undies, and threw the towel onto the water heater. I walked out of the utility room feeling pleased.

Overall, I think this was a successful night. My parents won't find out, I wet my pants, and my brother didn't catch me.

*002*2010-10-26 00:53

{{ 

Very nice!

Just wait until you move out and you can do it everyday!

}}

I finally talked my mom into letting me do my own laundry so now I can do it mote often. About 5 mins ago I had to pee again so I grabbed some fresh undies and peed all over them. My brother was coming downstairs and I panicked but then relaxed as I heard him head back up. Once again, I was successful.

*004*2010-10-26 11:29

{{ 

Wow, that sounds like a LOT of fun. That's all I have to say.

EDIT: I'd also like to say for the record that the title of the thread is awesome.

}}

I thought the title was pretty awesome too. I'm usually terrible with titles, so I was excited to post this.

*007*2010-10-27 22:24

{{ 

Your lucky to be able to wet your pants on purpose in your own home

I'M SO JEALOUS I'M GONNA EAT MY PILLOW

}}

You may have some trouble digesting that O_o

