Anne`s first "accident"

Author: aqua

*000*2011-07-12 18:15

The First "Accident"

It began with me asking her how she originally got into it. She told me it was one time, pretty late at night, having taken acid....at friends, with few other people. She was wearing only a shirt and white cotton panties, had been listening to music and talking with two people. She had to pee but felt it was too much trouble and had really gotten into the music. Finally her need to pee got the best of her and she went to the toilet, but someone was in here. “I really had to go badly, really badly, and kept knocking....Finally whoever was in there said they were sick....So I went into the kitchen thinking I’d just pee in the sink...I was almost holding my self by this time I had to go so badly....But I looked at the sink, it had pots and pans in it...and imagined myself climbing up on it, moving the dirty stuff, and it seemed stupid.

I have no idea why but I figured I just pee my panties...It seem liked the natural thing to do just then, I was pretty stoned, and thought if I have to go I should just let go. So I walked into the dining room, and stood there and in no time I was letting steady dribble out. It felt warm and sensuous running down he insides my legs.....I put my hand over my panties and liked the warm feeling of peeing on my hands. I also liked he way my panties felt. I just let go then, and he pee poured all over me, a big puddle around my bare feet. I was very turned on, and felt very naughty....and found myself very excited and turned on. I finished peeing and stood there in my puddle, still dripping and warm, and began to masturbate through my panties...I came very intensely...it was a big surprise. I realized I found something very unusual and special.....but I didn’t tell anyone. I cleaned up and kept my wet panties on. I don’t think anyone knew....

I was no feeling Anne’s clit very hard, and her panties were becoming quite wet as we drove. I told her how much her story excited me; she clearly liked that as asked me to make her cum, which I did I minutes, pushing her panties inside her rapidly moistening pusssy. When she finished cumming, although very turned on myself, I wanted to maintain the excitement, and that combined with driving, I satisfied myself with asking Anne what happened with peeing and wetting after that discovery

