College friend laughed too hard

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-03-30 17:57

This story took place while I was in college. I had a group of friends that I hung out with quite a bit and one night we had a big event put on by the intramural sports of the school where they rented out a whole bowling alley for the college and we could all go bowling cheap. So that night me, a guy friend in my dorm, his girlfriend, and her best friend (I was friends with all of them) drove out to the place in my car. We got there and it was slammed. We hung out for a while, had something to drink, never could get a chance to bowl, and finally left.

On the way back to campus I wound up taking a road I had not used before to avoid traffic. We had been joking and laughing together all evening, of course. But suddenly we came up on a roundabout in the road and I got stuck going in circles three or four times while we tried to figure out which exit to take to be on the right road. We were all laughing and finding the whole experience quite hilarious as we continued around in circles.

Suddenly my friend's girlfriend Meg shreiked out, "I'm peeing my pants!"

We all laughed that much harder. I tried to look in my rear view mirror to see her lap but couldn't and had to keep my eyes on the road. Finally we picked a road a second later and off the roundabout we went and back onto a normal straight road, recovering from the laughing fit.

I asked, "How wet is my seat?"

Meg replied, "Not much if any, I din't pee that much."

Her friend sitting next to her said, "Good! I don't want it getting on me!"

I was glad my car seat wouldn't smell like pee, but also a little disappointed...

We got back to the dorm and parked. We got out and everyone started inside, I stayed back to lock the car and follow up in the rear so I could get a view of Meg's behind.

When we got inside, sure enough, I could make out a darker patch of wetness on her butt and upper thighs. We all gave her a bit of a hard time. We got to their dorm room, and the other female roomates also gave her a good natured ribbing, teasing her about wetting herself. They pressed her until she finally bent over for everyone, touching her toes, exposing the entire small plate sized wet spot on her crotch and butt while everyone laughed and clapped and one girl tried to take a picture but Meg stood up before she could snap a shot. Meg then went into their bedroom, grabbed new panties and pants, then came back out into the bathroom - we all clapped and cheered her on - and locked herself in the bathroom for a little while to clean up. She came out changed and the wet jeans and panties balled up and took them back to her room saying, "At least tomorrow is laundry day."

We gave her a little bit of a hard time about it every once in a while, but she didn't mind and laughed with us. I fought very hard the whole time to keep from getting aroused at my friend's girlfriend wetting herself, but couldn't help think about it later that night...

