Kindergarten

Author: jackofslayers

*000*2010-10-14 18:35

Hey there everyone I am pretty new to this site (and forums in general) and I am in no way a writer but I figure I should share some of the stories in my life that I can remember.

Back when I was in kindergarden I had a friend (lets call her Sarah) who I used to walk home from school everyday. She really only lived like 2 blocks from our school but she used to get sick alot so her mom felt more comfortable if she had someone to walk her home. Anyway, one day when I was walking home with her I noticed the smell of pee and I asked her "did you pee your pants?" Instantly she burst into tears and i felt really bad but when she had calmed down a little bit she explained to me that she has trouble holding it sometimes and can't always make it to the potty (she called a potty when she was 5 and she still does to this day, I have no idea why) so her mom makes her wear Pull-ups to school just in case. I didn't really care because I was an introverted little kid and I mostly kept to myself, I just walked her home quickly so her mom could change her.

The only thing was when she got home there was a note in the kitchen from her mom saying she had gone shopping and she would be home later. Well Sarah was pretty upset at this point (I was toilet trained young and so i do not remember what diapers feel like but I would assume a wet diapers doesn't feel too great after walking around for a bit) and she did the only thing she could think of at this point, she asked me to change her. I always want to help people out so i did although she might as well have just done it herself since she had to tell me what to do step by step seeing as I was a boy in kindergarten and my experience with babies was zero. Afterwards she was really grateful and i never got to change her again but I have seen her have a few more accidents since then. The only reason I tell this story is that if I had to guess why my brain went for omorashi as I got older, it was probably that moment.

