A soggy sorta day to say the least!

Author: Old Silver

*000*2015-09-20 02:59

Yesterday, I closed a deal on a new work trailer and some heavy equipment, and this morning I made a 3 1/2 hour drive in my truck to get it. Before I left, I consumed way to much coffee, and picked up one on the road. At about the 3 hour mark, it hit me like a Russian racehorse .. man I needed to pee!. But, I only had a half hour to go and figured I could wait until I reached my destination and find a gas station. The one station I found was all boarded up, so I headed to the lot to pick up the new trailer and load my equipment on it. There was a young couple there who showed me where everything was. I was about to burst, so I asked the girl if I could use the restroom in the office while the guy was loading the equipment.

She apologized and said the office was locked up for the weekend, and they had been sent to the yard just to meet me and help load the equipment up. She directed me to the trailer and as I stepped up into the truck to back up to it, I felt a spurt or two escape, but I was able to cover up the spot with my shirt tale. That satisfaction was short lived, however, because as I wresteled with the trailer, it happened ... I had just wet myself bigtime right in front of that poor young lady.

With pee trickling out everywhere, she apologized again for the office being locked, and confessed that she too had to use the bathroom. The guy, who had just finished loading and securing the equipment, got a big chuckle over my dripping blue jeans (which obviously embarrassed the girl who looked mortifed that he was laughing at the situation) thanked me, and wished me a good trip back home. With that, I climbed back into the truck for a soggy 3 1/2 drive home. I wonder if she made it to a bathroom in time!

*003*2015-09-20 13:34

{{ 

Wow that is a great story! Did you leave a puddle?

It sounds really embarrassing for that poor girl, I hope she made it!!

}}

Thanks!

I think she was compationately embarrassed for me, but also embarrased by him.

And yes, there was indeed a puddle left on the asphalt.

*004*2015-09-22 22:47

{{ 

It would have been cute if she wet herself as well to make you not feel wet alone, Thanks for sharing! ^^

}}

I would have really liked that.

