Should I Go or Should I Stay

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2015-11-18 01:17

I have a happy memory of an occasion when I was out with a group of friends and my girlfriend. We had been to a few bars drinking, and for a meal, and ended the evening in a crowded bar with very loud live music and dancing.

We were standing around in a group and dancing as the mood took us, and it was difficult to talk as the music was so loud. As I was speaking to my girl friend we had to lean close to be able to hear, and she said to me ,' I'm trying to decide if I need to go to the loo'. I said 'why do you ask?' and she replied, 'I can't be bothered to have to push through the crowd to get there, and then have to queue at the ladies toilet.'

I am not sure if she realised exactly how much this conversation turned me on. She was wearing a mini skirt and a tight top and looked very sexy, and you can imagine my fantasies went into overdrive!

We carried on dancing and, after a short time we decided to leave. It was around 1.00am in the morning, and my girl friend disappeared towards the toilets and then joined us outside.

We went to get a taxi, but as we walked along she said to me, 'I haven't been to the loo, I couldn't be bothered as there was such a queue, but now I really am dying to go, please can we hurry.'

She knew that I was turned on by knowing that she was desperate, we had shared this when we were at home, but this was really exciting for me to know that she was so desperate when we were out.

As we stood waiting for a taxi she was jigging about a bit and crossing her legs, I said something which made her laugh and she said, 'Please don't do that, I'm really desperate and if you make me laugh anymore I won't be able to hold on.'

I put my arms around her and gave her a hug, and said, 'Do you mean you might wet yourself?' To which she replied 'Yes if you do that again I think I will' and then, looking at me more closely, continued ' I think that you would probably quite like me too, wouldn't you?'

By that time I think that we were both really turned on, and I then made another in-joke which I knew would make us both fall about laughing, which we did until tears were running down our faces. Although we were laughing she was doubled up with her legs crossed and said, 'Oh God, please stop it, I'm really desperate, I told you what would happen if you did that, I can't help it, please, I think you've just made me start to wet myself.'

We calmed down and I asked if she was ok, she said yes, but she told me she had begun to wet herself a bit when she was laughing. She asked me if I minded, or if it turned me on, and I said I didn't mind at all, and then admitted that I was very turned on by it.

As we stood waiting for a taxi, she squeezed my hand and said to me, 'I could do a little bit more if you would like me too, since I've already begun to wet myself, would you like me to let go a bit more and wet my knickers for you?'

I gasped 'Yes please' and, as we stood there, she waited a minute and concentrated for a moment and then said, 'Oh gosh, I'm doing it, I've just let go and wet myself some more, I can feel it all wet and warm in my knickers .'

I hugged her tight and asked was she ok, she said yes, she could remember wetting herself when she was a young girl but this felt much better!

*006*2015-11-21 16:51

Hi Wettingman and others, glad you enjoyed my description of a past event, it made me horny re-telling it ! I deliberately stopped at this point to see what response there was from other members, I will finish the story off with a future installment to complete the narration of the evenings events.

