A Day in the Garden

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2014-05-21 17:49

Hey everyone, I have had another naughty day today.

I have had the day off work and decided that because the weather was so nice I was going to spend the whole day out in the garden :)

I got up about 8am and was showered and dressed at about 8:30.

I have been wearing a pair of black leggings, pink panties, and a nice tight t-shirt. I decided that I was going to have a naughty day :D

When I first woke up I had a large cup of tea which always helps me to get started. I also decided to skip my usual morning pee which meant that already at about 9am I needed to pee quite badly. I kept the kitchen door open to the garden so I could go in and out whenever I wanted a drink. I also kept 3 different pairs of shoes at the back door for my naughty day ;) I had a pair of pink unlined wellies, a pair of which converse, and a pair of black ballet flat style shoes :)

Anyway I went out into the garden and I took my laptop as well so I could watch a couple of films out in the sun on the garden chairs.

I decided to do the gardening first though. I took my fluffy slippers off and slid my cute bare feet into my pink wellies. I love wearing my wellies because almost every time I ever put them on I have a little "Accident" in them and it always reminds me of all the naughty times :P

I got all my gardening stuff out the garden shed and got to work mowing the lawn. I already had all nights wee in my bladder and the cup of tea was working its way through me fast. Within about 20 minutes of working I was very full. I just carried on walking along behind the lawn mower and "ooopsieee" my poor little bladder gave up the hold and just totally let it all go. It poured out of me in such a force all down the insides of my legs and flooding into my wellies soaking my feet and toes.

I just totally ignored it and got on with the lawn mowing. About 20 minutes passed and I had finished cutting the grass. I went inside and got my self a massive cold iced tea. I have started to love these recently as they taste nice and really make me need to pee.

I got to work weeding around the flower beds. Stomping around the garden splashing my feet around in the pee filled wellies. I could hear it sloshing around. If anyone had been near me they would have probably asked what the noise was :P

I spent about an hour totally going through the garden weeding. The iced tea was filling me up nicely but not enough so I went back and got a large glass of coke.

I then decided to relax for a bit so I sat down and went on the laptop and got a good film on the go. I slid my wet little feet out of my wellies and slipped them into my black ballet flats :P It felt so naughty to be slipping a pair of fresh shoes onto wet feet :D

I relaxed for about an hour and a half and by about 12 I was totally bursting to pee again. I stood up and just let it all out down my legs and all into my little ballet flats. The second wetting of the day and I hadn't even slid my panties down at all :P I always feel so naughty when I do this sort of stuff.

I had drank the coke and glass of apple juice while watching the film. When the film had finished I decided to go for a walk. I slid my bare wet feet into my converse and headed out. Luckily my leggings had dried enough to not show the wet patch.

I walked for about an hour and my little feet were so warm and hot in my converse but it felt so nice.

I then had an hour walk back I got about 20 minutes from my home and decided to "refresh my self" I stood and emptied my bladder into my leggings again and filled my converse totally soaking them with fresh warm pee. The next 20 minutes was so fun but I was so scared of being seen.

When I got back I sat down and went on the laptop again for about another hour with anohter iced tea. I had my converse off and my pretty little feet cooled down and dried and my leggings did as well. My panties were still wet though ;) I waited another hour and then just tucked my bare feet under the chair I was sitting on and peed again through my leggings. It splashed through gaps in the chair all over my gorgeous soft feet and toes.

Anyways at the end of the day I slipped my feet into my flats and went inside to clean my self up :D

Such a naughty day :D

Seeds x

*003*2014-05-21 18:35

Haha go for it :) its so much fun :P

And I have never really taken a photo of anything I have done. I am very camera shy haha. It's weird really but I dont like the idea of my second secret self getting out to people that I do not trust/like such as old school friends/people I dont like etc

