Wet my nylon running shorts at the beach

Author: Barry

*000*2016-03-07 00:57

Yesterday I went out and had a few beers while helping some friends. Had my first stubbie at around 11am, and buy the time I got home at 2, I had consumed 5. I hadn't peed since I left the house at 8, so the beer, 2 coffees and water I had drunk meant I had a pretty full bladder. I honestly hadn't given any thought towards doing any pee play though. I was also slightly tipsy.

When I got home, it was quite warm, and I was a bit sweaty. I suggested to the family that we go to the beach for a quick swim. But for a variety of reasons they all declined. We live only about 500 meters (as the crow flies) from the beach, but it does involve a 7-8 minute walk through a couple of quiet suburban streets to get to a small car park that the track over the dunes leads off.

I decided I'd go by myself anyway, so I opened another beer, and went to my room to change. I was going to wear my knee length board shorts, but instead I found an old pair of really short high cut running shorts. I normally only wear these while mowing the lawn or gardening, as I don't look the best in them, but being a tad drunk, I decided I was going to walk to the beach and wet myself in them. These shorts are black, but very faded. They are all nylon with an elastic waist as well as a cord, and they have black polyester netting inside them for support while running. They are so high cut, I can slip my hand through the side of the leg holes, but they're not at all tight, and are in fact baggy.

Of course I've wet them before, and know what to expect. Being nylon, they're not at all absorbent. The pee just runs out of them. But because they're so faded, they show a wet spot off very clearly. When they're wet, they dry on the outside very quickly, but the netting on the inside stays wet for a while, especially if I'm wearing wet cotton underwear.

So I finished my beer, and wearing light grey cotton briefs under my little shorts, with an orange t shirt on, a pair of flip flops and my towel, I grabbed another beer and started to walk. I was perhaps a genuine 8/10 by the time I left home. The walk involves a bit where you walk along a road with no footpath past some absolute mansions. They are all set back off the road and have trees and fences around them, with some exceptions of course. So as I walked along, I was able to pick my opportunities to grab myself and squeeze, and really enjoy the feeling of a super full bladder and bursting need to release it that had built up. I held on until I got to the car park, and discovered it was empty. I finished my beer and threw the empty in the bin, then stood beside the bin for a moment.

I reached into my shorts, and pointed myself to the side, and held the outer layer away. I was now holding the tip of my manhood encased in grey cotton, and enveloped in black mesh netting. I decided to relax my bladder muscles for a 5 count. After checking I was still alone and no one was around, I relaxed, but didn't get past 2 before I started spurting. I thought I'd lost it altogether, but after letting go of 3 big squirts, I was able to stop. I had managed to keep the front of my shorts dry, but the netting and my underpants had combined to wick a lot of my pee downwards between my legs. I had a pee trail running down my right leg onto my foot.

Once under control, I surveyed the damage. As I said, my front was dry, but there was an incredibly visible wet spot on the inside of my legs, with a trail running from it. My inner right leg was visibly wet, as was my foot and flip flop, and there was a very small wet spot on the cement. Using my towel, I quickly dried my leg, wiped the excess drips off my shorts, then proceeded up the path. I held my towel with my left hand, and kept it hanging loosely in front of me.

Now I had let some out, and could feel my warm wet briefs and shorts linings against my leg, my need really increased. I was now 9/10. The track to the beach off the path was ahead. I was close. I new I wouldn't completely lose control, but it felt like the rest of my pee was at the tip, waiting to burst out. As I walked, I once again reached inside, and grabbed the sodden material within. I pointed myself down, or tried to anyway, as I was really starting to get aroused by my predicament. I had to stop momentarily and kind of hunch forward to execute the adjustment. As I did this, another big squirt escaped and I felt the drips hitting my hand.

I removed my hand and looked at it. It was dripping. I incline my head to check my shorts, and discovered they were now fully soaked between the legs. The front was still dry, but from the leg hem on the right, all the way up and over to the left hem was now dark black. My control was quickly slipping. I now had no choice. I was going to pee within the next minute or so no matter what. In my pants, in the water, on the sand, in front of others, it couldn't be stopped. I had managed to set myself up successfully for a real wet accident, and it was going to happen regardless.

I turned into the rough sandy track leading down. Once I turn a corner, I would be able to see how many people were there, and pick a spot to run to the water.

Suddenly an older man with a fishing rod appeared walking around the corner towards me. Not much I could do, but continue to drape my towel in front of me to hide my wet patch. Thankfully, he had his head down and didn't notice me until the last moment. He looked up, made eye contact and nodded hello, then kept walking.

I like public desperation and wetting, but not being seen. I'll do it if I can get away with it, but I have no desire to be discovered. For me, I like to get away with it, and the thought of being caught isn't great. Having said that, it wouldn't be the end of the world, and if I choose to take risks I guess I deserve to be caught, but thankfully it wasn't then.

I then could see the beach. It was nearly deserted. To my left but a long way up were a few people, nobody to my right. Again I stood still and decided to do a small release. This time I clamped my hand on the outside of my shorts and aimed straight up. As soon as I relaxed, I started peeing. No squirts this time, straight into peeing. Instantly pee ran down both legs. I managed to stop the flow after a couple of seconds and checked again. Now I was visibly wet on the front, with a black dripping wet patch bigger than a tennis ball on my crotch, and the inside legs were fully soaked.

I started walking but that was the end of my control. As soon as I was moving, I completely lost any hint of control. I just started flooding myself as I walked. Hot pee ran out of the front and sides of my shorts, fully coated both legs and feet, and poured from between my legs as I did a waddling type of walk, the sort a kid would do if they wet themselves while walking. I must've peed for 20 seconds I reckon, as I waddled along leaving a trail behind me.

I stopped walking when I stopped peeing. I was alone on the beach, with the nearest people being at least 200 meters away. I sat down and lit a cigarette. I was able to pull my shorts aside and look at my underpants. My light grey knickers were now dark grey. The mesh netting was encasing my dripping briefs, and was dripping itself. I followed the wet patch with my hand, and discovered it went around to my butt, and there was a wet spot under there as well. As I finished my smoke, I spread my legs and gave a push. I was able to squeeze another light stream out. This leaked out the top, and got my t shirt wet at the hem.

I noticed a lady approaching with 2 dogs, so I got up and walked into the water, enjoying the last few drips running down my legs as I entered the ocean.

