My early memories, part 1

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-02-24 14:25

My interest in desperation, wetting, and accidents began, truly, in middle school, around 6th grade, when we were all around 12 or 13 years old. I can remember a few accidents earlier than that I had witness or had myself, but they didn't really affect me at all, they were just facts of life. For some reason that changed one afternoon at school.

I was in band and we had a solo contest coming up and some of us who were participating had been given permission to leave our 7th period (last of the day) class and go to the band room to practice instead. So a group of us did so only to find the door locked. Thinking our band director had just stepped out we waited outside the door on the sidewalk.

Suddenly, from a portable across a large, open, grassy area came running one of our other classmates towards us, a girl I will call Jeanie. She was running in a funny way, carrying no books, and as she got closer appeared upset. It was quickly appearent why she was upset. When she got near to our little group I saw the problem.

She was wearing jeans, medium blue, and all down the inside of both legs and spread out from the crotch on the front they were dark and shiny. She had very obviously completely peed her pants. It was the classic wetting pattern. A little up the front, out to the sides near her crotch, down the legs, and (after I had seen her from behind) all over her butt halfway and down the back of both legs. For whatever reason, I found it to be stunning and beautiful and arousing.

She was crying and upset. The girls in our group comforted her. There was only myself and one other boy, the rest of our small group all girls. She started to calm down and told her story. She had been desperate to pee but the one bathroom pass for the class was out with one of the other girls so the teacher wouldn't let her go (only one at a time allowed out). So she sat and held it and waited but the other girl didn't come back and Jeanie couldn't hold it any longer. She started peeing in her jeans. She paniced and jumped up and ran out of the back door of the portable thinking she could come to the band room and hide and get our band director (a young female not long out of college) to help her. Insted the room was locked and we were all standing outside and now she was stuck standing there with us, her jeans soaked in pee.

One of the other girls volunteered to go up to the office and call her mom to come pick her up and get her books. In the meantime she stood there with us and I couldn't help but frequently stare at the wet pattern on her jeans, how wonderful it was, and hold my books in front of me to hide my 13 year old arousal.

After that day I began drawing girls with wet pants, even in some school books - as a joke, of course, if any friends asked what I was doing... - and found myself thinking of the event often. All this led to another experience not long after involving a friend and his sister one day during summer break, but that's a story for another post.

