Morning Desperation (pics)

Author: Lips

*000*2012-07-24 18:01

Well..i was about to quit this at first..but the semi desperation finally came in lol

Welp, i havent went to the bathroom since 11:30 last night. i was up all nigt because i couldnt sleep sadly. so at 4 in the morning, i called it quits for the night and went to sleep at 7-8ish because, like i said, i have trouble sleeping. until at least 10:30 when i woke up, i wasnt all desperate as i had wanted to be, so I decided to have a gatoride bottle full of kool-laid packets (ones you put in your water) and i drunk it little by little until it was empty and got up to get water just incase that wasnt enough.

So i guess at 11:45 am, i got semi desperate. though i felt little waves in my bladder one at a time. so here i am drinking water to get real desperate - before my grandma comes home of course..which i hope she comes home at 3 or so at least.

I am also wearing an orange and grey shirt with light blue jean shorts.

Okay, now it's 12:35 pm..and i am desperate as hell! I have to sit in one spot to not lose it.or switch postions. i am holding my crotch to keep the pee from cominig out.

12:40 small spurts start coming out. honestly, my bladder is aching a bit, but not much to cause me in dire pain.

1:00 the need to go increased, and i was at my limit. few more spurts came out.

1:15 I lost it, i couldn't hold on any longer and the pee flowed in my shorts and down my legs, making the spot even bigger but it did feel good while it lasted. though i probably wont feel like doing that again for about another month. but this is kind of a gateway for me to release my tensions...no pun intended lol

Spurts -

Wetting -

Wet undies -

Sorry some of them are upside down.

*019*2012-08-02 01:14

Aww thanks everyone! ^^

