Rachel’s Jeans Wetting POV [Video+Photos] - Page 2

Author: rachelkirwan

*025*2013-02-08 18:52

Mmm nope :(

{{:

I wish I could get my iPhone to play these videos. Does anyone know how?

}}

&&

&&

&&

&&

*028*2013-09-12 03:20

So I feel like a bit of a celebrity, look what I found while trawling the net the other day:

%http://omorashi.tv/video/448/girl-wetting-her-jeans

%http://entrepotdupipi.blogspot.co.uk/2013/07/pipi-jeans-en-vue-subjective.html

It looks like this video has made the rounds, I suppose I'm flattered that people liked it enough to upload there, and this is the internet after all. I would say that if you are planning on uploading any of my videos to external sites just to let me know as a courtesy, as after all I do only post my stuff on this site for a reason.

Glad it was appreciated though

Rach

*032*2013-09-16 19:28

{{:

Rachel, As annoying as it is for somebody to repost your video without your permission, the good news for me is that it caused you to bump up this thread . It was started last October, a few months before I discovered this site , so I missed it.

I love the before part as you struggle to hold back your pee , knowing all that pressure is pressing against your crotch.

You say you can't hold a lot, well I disagree . That was a huge river of pee gushing down your legs . Very sexy. I loved your video.

You mentioned you think you might want to try slow wetting. In the past week I have both rapidly soaked myself and peed very slowly

In the soaker I played too long and decided to push myself and go check the mail, I did not make drenching my jeans. While I enjoy this I much prefer a long slow wetting. I love the feeling that my pee is about to come out, pressing against my pee hole. When I start to leak I try anything to stop the slow trickle of pee. That lasts a while then I start leaking again . Wet briefs and feeling about to burst feels absolutely amazing. I prolong it as long as I can . On Monday I did this for about an hour and a half. I got the front and part of the crotch of my white cotton briefs wet. And my jeans damp . It was awesome and arousing..

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you enjoyed it, check out my wetting retrospective for all of the other stuff which you may have missed :)

$/14279-my-experiences-a-retrospective/

{{:

Good morning / evening Rachel !

I must admit that I discovered who you are on another website let's call it WPB.

You are ... AMAZING... It's amazing how much you share it with us your toughts and the technical ways of your sessions.

It's like a "new level" for me in the art of sharing with others.

So thank you very much Rachel for this awesome content !

Pereim

}}

Thanks hun, and which site? I ask only to keep track of these things, I don't want someone making money off my pee pee accidents after all :)

Feel free to PM me the info.

*036*2013-09-24 09:57

{{:

Thanks for the 'retrospective' link. I read your castor oil experience with some interest. Your comment about the sense of humiliation (personal degradation) hit a chord. As a teenager I'd fool around, with insertions... in the bathroom or late at night in bed, and the feeling of shame (what the f***s wrong with you?!?) coupled with horniness...'go on, why don't you try this...' was brought back to me in spades.

It's literally a guilty pleasure.

}}

Well put, yeah it is interesting the ability to humiliate oneself. I find this fascinating, as after all humiliation seems totally based on external expectations. We get images of someone feeling small surrounded by a ring of mocking people, literally belittling them (which may by why the whole humiliation thing is prevalent in age play). But self-humiliation is sort of the masturbation for erotic humiliation aficionados. And it is of course possible as you say. And insertions? Like what ;)

*038*2013-09-24 17:22

{{:

This is the first time I've ever spoken about this, but nothing out of the ordinary really...started out with pawns from my chess set, before graduating up to the Bishops and Queen. Haha! That sounds absolutely, well, I've no words! That would be around aged 11. Later on I sought out anything phallic around the house - deodorant bottles; tampons;pens; celery even! Length, girth and easily cleansed - that was the holy trinity. Never once had any homo-erotic fantasies though - I just loved (and on occasion still do love) the physical sensations and the wanton nature of it all.

}}

While were sharing insertion tales, I've put a number of things in my bum, a butt plug (well two different ones), and I tried with a penis 2 times but was unsuccessful. When I was younger, probably around 12 or 13, I inserted a tampon up my bum, I knew a little about them (*lols* not enough obviously), and knew that they went in a hole down there and I borrowed one from my sister, and that was the only hole where it would fit, not the most comfortably thing to be sure. :)

*046*2013-10-17 17:00

Glad you all enjoyed it :)

