Horny teacher

Author: ashishgamer

*000*2013-03-03 08:33

Ok so I am in the final year of my high school in India. The students, as you know, are really naughty and they hide the books in the washroom during exams and go in the middle of the exams to look for answers. So, our teachers only let anyone go one by one and that too is up to the mood of the teacher.

So I was giving an exam last Friday and I usually have to go to the washroom atleast once during the exam. But suddenly our invigilator had to go somewhere so she called another teacher to do the job. She asked who all had already gone to the washroom as we are allowed to go only once to the washroom. The previous teacher confused her with names so she decided that she wont let anyone go. It was 2 hours still left for exam to get over and I already had to pee a little but decided to be bold. After various requests by the students, the teacher told that she will allow students to go during the last half hour of the exam.

After around 1 hour I was starting to feel a little uncomfortable. Obviously I couldnt cross my legs like girls or else it would make obvious so I just sat with my legs pressed tightly. After half an hour of sitting straight and holding my crotch I leaked a little. I was just about to ask the teacher when a girl asked her for the washroom. She was allowed. As we are allowed only one at a time, I decided to wait. When she came back, I asked her but she said that I will have to wait another half hour. I asked her why she had sent the girl and she said because she is a girl! Thats unfair! Now, for the next half hour, the teacher continuously used to come to take a look at me and I could see her nipples get hard. Obviously, she was doing this on purpose.

After half an hour I asked again and she told to wait just 2 more minutes. I agreed but suddenly the floor incharge came and told that no child will be allowed to go now until the exam finishes. This made me leak a little which made me hold my crotch tightly which the teacher noticed and just said "Bad luck". She came and sat beside me and asked whether I could hold a little longer and I said I didnt know. I swear this made her more aroused! She kept staring at my crotch which gave me a boner and made it more difficult to hold. She started telling everyone "Shh" even though no one was talking just to tease me.

When the exam go over, she stopped me to ask whether I will have a chat with her. I said another day and just ran to the washroom but saw that it was closed! There was the girls washroom beside it which was open. Suddenly, my girlfriend came and asked if I had to pee and i said yes. She went inside the girls washroom and told me no one was there and I could pee inside if I dont close the cubicle. By this time, I had leaked a few drops in my undies so I agreed. I ran inside like a mad guy and started to release myself even without opening my pants! I frantically opened them and was so relieved! Then my girlfriend also sat on the floor and started to pee which made me even more aroused!

After that, you can guess what would have happened between us :P

*002*2013-03-04 08:09

{{ 

Is this a common thing for teachers in India to do? I don't think anything like that would ever fly in most of the world...

Also, why did your girlfriend pee on the floor?

Great story though, I like it when females involve themselves in a male's desperation.

}}

Well omorashi is a common fetish in India even though most people dont admit it. And my girlfriend peed on the floor because I was peeing in the pot and she wanted to pee alongside me :)

*004*2013-03-04 08:45

{{ 

She couldn't have waited for you to be finished or was she as desperate as you were?

}}

We were just having fun

*006*2013-03-13 13:56

{{ 

That's interesting. I wonder if there's a genetic factor to it, or if it's psychologically passed down, or both. I feel sorry for normal students in India who have to deal with horndogs in power.

}}

I really think its genetic. its weird how all my friends like it ( especially girls) but when i pop the question on omegle ppl are like " thats disgusting"

*009*2013-03-15 07:22

{{ 

Hi Ashish,

Glad to know you being an Indian you actually came a cross other Indian females that share this fetish.

Unfortunately for me it never worked out. Firstly I was too shy and embarrassed to ask a female about this. And secondly even if I did manage to ask they would start looking at me as if I am some kind of a freak and would just cut relationship with me.

This at some stage created a mental shield in my mind that Indian girls are a bit conservative when it comes to exploring these sexual fetish and finally gave up the hope that I would ever find a partner who would explore this side with me.

An awesome story mate. Thanks for sharing.

}}

Well I never really asked it. Its like kinda obvious that everyone likes it. Until I came across this site I thought that everyone in the world has this fetish. I still have a bit of doubt that everyone does have this fetish but just try to hide it.

