Anecdotes of my ex - Small accident at the office (+ video)

Author: gus74

*000*2013-04-23 00:38

My ex's next accident happened four months after the previous one, this time at work. She was alone in her office and covered with work. She wanted to pee but there was too much to do and waited until the moment she had to leave to her class (she was studying English, we speak Spanish). By then she was desperate, crossing her legs while turning everything off and closing the office.

That night was raining. When she arrived home she had no t-shirt on, just the bra and a jacket zipped on top. The t-shirt was in her bag and was soaking wet. When I asked her what happened she told me that she had a story that I would like...

This was the rest of her story: she hurried to the bathroom, but by the time she got to the bathroom door she had already leaked in her panties and had a spot in the crotch of her jeans (light brown and very dark when wet). More pee escaped while she was unzipping, and when she finally got her pants off and managed to sit in the toilet, there was a big wet spot between the legs of her pants, half up her ass and half down to her knees.

She considered taking a cab and go home, but as it was raining, she decided to put her jacket around her waist to walk outside the building and then get all wet under the rain to conceal the wet spot. Then she attended the two hours of her class (she told me that anyway she had to put her jacket over her legs because there was a dry zone between the pee-wetness of her crotch and the rain-wetness of her thighs) while her pants dried, and then went home.

Later that night (still with her pee panties and pants) I made her stage her accident for me (but without making it :D ). I don't have photos of that night, but to compensate here you have a video of her wetting that same pants (a couple of years later). The sound of water running is from the sink, to make it more difficult for her to hold it ;)

7 - MOV00030 (clip).avi

*002*2013-04-25 04:43

{{ 

Thanks for the video...your a lucky guy!

}}

Correction, I was a lucky guy... >_>

*005*2013-04-30 04:47

{{ 

True. Have you found a replacement yet?

}}

No :( (at least not one that it's so "accident prone" and/or willing to pee herself for me...)

