Childhood Embarrassments

Author: Pain

*000*2015-10-04 04:29

I have always been really shy when it comes to discussing about my accidents. But after being on this site for little more than a year, I think I have mustered enough strength and confidence to come out open and post about my wetting accidents from when I was a child. I had posted this in the Fiction/ Fan- Fiction section too but since it is almost completely based on true accounts with a few irrelevant things changed or added (because frankly, I don’t remember every detail), I decided to post it here in the wetting experiences section as well. I hope it is okay, if it’s not, I apologize in advance.

###

I had my first embarrassing accident when I was 8. I hadn’t been to the loos all day and when I came back home from school, I just couldn’t hold it any longer and wet myself in the hall, on my way to the toilet. It was a mortifying experience but I tried to forget about it and moved on thinking that it was a onetime thing, and it would never happen again. But then, a few weeks later, the same thing happened. I wet myself when I reached home, after not using the loos at school. It was heart breaking. I was an eight year old boy, who had wet himself twice in a month. It was so humiliating, but thankfully, my maid cleaned up the mess both the times without telling anything to my parents.

How would have they known anyway? They were working all the time and barely spent any time at home, much less with me.

After my second accident, I decided to let go off my inhibitions about using the loos at school and just go whenever I felt the need. You guessed it right, most of the times before this, I would reach home absolutely bursting for the toilets. There was this one time when I was almost about to lose it in my pants when I stepped onto the porch of my house after a long day at school. I knew that I wasn’t going to make it to the toilets, so I just rushed towards the wall of bushes that surrounded the garden and started peeing on it. It was so relieving to let it all come out after such a long hold but it was equally shaming too. My maid saw me peeing there but she didn’t complain, she just said, “Oh, you really had to go, ha?”

I remember it as the longest pee of my life. I haven’t peed that much even through all my years as an adult.

I tried to put all these incidents behind me and move on with my life but the damage was already done. All those accidents and near close calls had totally broken my confidence. I started to do poorly in my exams; I started to remain quiet, run away from anyone who tried to talk to me. I kept myself locked up in my room all throughout the day, only to come out for meals. My parents started to worry about me, because they didn’t know the reason behind the sudden changes they were seeing in me and I was glad they didn’t know.

Sometime later, we shifted to another house about 3 kilometers away from our old one. I was happy about this change. Now, I didn’t have to walk through the spots in my home where I had wet myself standing.

Now I could actually put it all behind me and start a new life.

Trying to avoid wetting myself made me so committed to the idea of using the toilets at every opportunity, that I would go even if I didn’t need to. Even if it would be a trickle, even if it would be a few drops, I would make sure to use the toilets whenever I could.

Obviously, this habit helped me avoid getting into desperate situations but then as they say, every day is not the same.

It was only a year later that I realized that I cannot always evade getting desperate.

It was the day of 24th September 1993, I still remember the date correctly.

Every student and teacher was in the auditorium, preparing for the grand scale Annual Function event that was just 2 days away. We all were to stay back longer at school that day for the rehearsals, till around 4:30 pm. I was in for a chorus song, so I had to stay back too.

When the rehearsals finally packed up, all the students were asked to gather in the main hall and join their particular bus lines. We used to stand in lines according to our bus routes. Every bus had a teacher who was the bus supervisor. Their job was to make sure that no student was left behind after school and also to maintain the discipline in the bus.

As I stood in my line, I realized that I had to pee quite badly. That was when it came to me that I hadn’t peed since I left my house that morning. The thought only intensified my need to go.

I couldn’t believe that I didn’t notice I had to go this urgently all the while I was rehearsing. Maybe I was so lost having fun with my friends that my brain didn’t even pick up the signals my bladder was sending.

Anyways, I walked up to my bus supervisor, who was standing in front of the line and asked if I could leave for a quick trip to the loos.

She politely declined saying it was time to board the bus. She was right. Our line had begun moving, and they were not going to stop for a single student while he nipped off to the loos. Rather worried, I joined the line back and started towards my bus.

I must tell that by this point my bladder was swollen rock hard, full with liters and liters of urine. It was so full that it was hurting to walk. I was not surprised though. I used to carry a big 2 liter thermos bottle to school that I had emptied by lunch that day. And I also had milk for breakfast, which was right before leaving my house. There was no wonder why I was so desperate to pee.

Rather anxious, I took the window seat in the middle of the bus and sat with my legs pressed together. I was worried because I was having a bathroom emergency at that moment and yet instead of going to the loos, I was sitting in the bus, ready to take a 45 minute ride home.

I remember how each bump on the road jolted my bladder to the brink of near explosion. It came to the point where I had to undo my belt and unbutton my shorts to take the pressure off my bladder.

The boy sitting next to me asked why I was doing this and I told him that I had to pee really badly.

There were moments when I thought I can’t hold it any longer. I thought I would wet myself in the bus, in front of all those students and teachers, but I held on. I held on with everything I had.

Wetting myself when alone had been extremely embarrassing, I couldn’t imagine what would have happened if I wet myself in front of all these people. This thought gave me strength, I guess. I just held on tight. My bladder was bursting but I just kept looking out of the window, trying to suppress my need to pee.

I had decided that I would pee as soon as I got off at my stop. I knew I won’t be able to endure even the two minute walk home from there.

I hadn’t been to the bathroom for the last eight hours, and I couldn’t expect my body to wait much longer. I just had to pee as soon as I could.

I remember dribbling into my underwear as I saw my stop approaching. I was frightened to think that I’d not be able to stop once I start peeing. I had to get off the bus and fast.

I somehow managed to get up from my seat and make my way to the exit without losing control. I got off at my stop, ready to pee anywhere, but a bunch of people standing there forced me to put my plan to rest. I was not going to pee in front of them, which meant only one thing, I had to make it home so I could use the loos.

Stopping my pee at the gates, I hastily crossed the road and quickly walked towards my home. I can’t actually describe how it felt to walk while I was struggling to hold my pee at the very edge. All I can say is that it is a feeling of horror mixed with panic.

I had to pee so much, my body was about to give up and my house was twenty feet away. Those twenty feet looked like twenty kilometers at that point. What if my neighbors saw me wet myself? What if they told my parents? What if my friends saw me in my wet clothes?

I didn’t want to imagine the embarrassment it would have caused me. All I knew was that I had to get to the bathroom, no matter what.

I walked and walked and then finally, I reached my home. I opened the gate and started walking quickly towards the front door. But by this point, my body had had just about enough and a thin rivulet of urine started flowing out of me, travelling down my legs. My crotch felt warm, my inner thighs felt warm, making me realize that my body was giving up but I couldn’t. I couldn’t give up.

I frantically removed my shoes, opened the door and threw my bag on the couch as I rushed towards the bathroom, leaving drops of urine on the floor. But when I reached next to the bed, right in front of the toilet door, my body gave out completely and a hot stream of urine started gushing out of me.

I wanted to move, walk towards the toilet but my legs refused to obey. I was frozen with shock and relief. That feeling of relief is something I’d never forget. Hot pee soaking through my underwear and my shorts, running down my legs and forming a warm puddle at my feet, drenching my socks. It felt so amazing to finally release it. For a moment, I didn’t care that I was wetting myself, all I cared about was the unspeakable relief.

But soon the feeling of embarrassment gripped me. I saw my legs trembling as pee cascaded down through them. I tried to stop the flow so I could finish it in the toilet but no. It refused to stop. The river of urine continued to pour out of me as I stood there, shaking in shame.

I couldn’t decide what to do first when I was finally done peeing. It wasn’t like this was the first time I was having an accident on the floor of my house but my brain had completely stopped working for a moment. I just couldn’t think of anything, maybe because I was so embarrassed.

Then, my maid walked in. She had seen me rushing into the house and wanted to know if I was alright.

I still remember seeing her accidentally step on my puddle of pee. I wondered how it would have felt on her bare feet. She was shocked when she saw the massive puddle on the floor; I could read it on her face.

She asked me how long I had been holding it to have such a huge accident. At that point, I was so humiliated that out of sheer shame and embarrassment, I told her that it was not pee but water that had spilled out of my water bottle.

She didn’t buy it though. She scolded me for lying to her and asked me to go change out of my wet clothes. I went to the bathroom with a heart pounding hard in anxiousness and shame and took a shower. When I stepped out, the puddle of pee I had left was gone.

I couldn’t have thanked my maid enough for it. She then washed my pee stained clothes and put them for drying in the sunlight.

Later when my mom and dad came home, I greeted them with my usual smile and asked if they’d brought anything for me.

I was ready to act like nothing had happened. Like I wasn’t the one who had wet himself in front of the toilet a few hours ago. I never wanted anyone to know about that.

My maid never told my parents about my accidents and I can’t thank her enough for it. She quit working at our place a few years later and with her, my little secret was gone, probably forever.

*002*2015-10-04 19:51

{{ 

Incidents like these in childhood leave scars and are never forgotten. I hope you've overcome your reluctance to use toilets other than those at home. But because you are here at this site, you must still have some fascination for a full bladder and/or wetting!

}}

Yes, as I said, like every normal human being, I go whenever I feel the need to, so it has been fine with me since then.

And no, I do not like to do holds or wet myself for fun.

*004*2015-10-05 02:08

{{ 

Wow thank you for sharing

You are lucky to have such a nice maid!

}}

Yes, she really cared for me. She'd look after me all day while my parents weren't home, so we both had developed quite a great bond overtime.

