How I got my classmate Nicola into wetting. A love story!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-11-25 07:15

What I'm going to tell now is a rather weird story. It took place when I was fifteen years old. One of my classmates was a tall, slim and rather good-looking girl of the name of Nicola. She was a very good athlete, one of the best at her branch of athletics of her age. Anyway, it was at the end of the school day and I was getting rather desperate to pee. But only one lesson remained, and I thought that I should be able to hold on. It was hard, I squirmed a lot on my chair. Some of the girls noticed, that I was desperate. They giggled as it wasn't exactly a secret, that I sometimes waited until the last minute before I went to the toilet. And that at occasions I've waited too long, ending up wetting myself. Although this time I managed to hold on.

But when I left the school building I began to feel almost overwhelmingly desperate to pee, and I wasn't at all confident, that I'd manage all the way home by the subway. Therefor I hastily sneaked away behind a shed for garden tools at the school yard. I began dribbling when I rounded the corner of the shed, and, even if I'd wanted it, there were no time to pull down my panties. I hitched up my skirt and parted my legs and my pee came pouring through my pink cotton panties. At that moment I heard steps coming from the other side of the shed, and round the corner came Nicola. When she caught sight of me, she stopped dead and just stared at me with her mouth open.

I was mortified. I wished I could drop dead. There I was, wetting my panties with my skirt hitched around my waist. In front of one of the most popular girls in the school. I began to cry. I wasn't able to stop peeing. Tears ran down my cheeks and pee ran down my legs. I was such a pitiful sight.

None of us spoke a word until I'd finished peeing and let down my skirt. Then she took a step towards me and said:

"Vikka, don't cry! You couldn't help it! I promise not to tell anyone."

"I... I'm so ashamed", I stuttered.

"No, don't be", she said. She took another step and gave me a quick hug. "See you tomorrow! I must rush. Practise, you know!"

A few days later our class had swimming practise at the swimming baths. When we'd finished swimming some of us took a sauna. I was sitting opposite of Nicola, and after a while I noticed that she was looking at me. More specifically, her eyes were clearly fixated on my crotch. I blushed when I saw that. Especially as I sat with my thighs widely parted. And as so often was the case, when I was sitting in a sauna together with other naked girls, I was a bit aroused, and I got embarrassingly aware of that my pussy most certainly showed clear signs of that fact. And once again I'd disgraced myself in front of Nicola.

But hold on! The way Nicola was staring at my pussy; it must obviously point to a certain interest, mustn't it? I was going to close my thighs but I changed my mind and kept them apart. Unfortunately Nicola kept her thighs close together. But she didn't hide the fact that her nipples were erected and hard. All sorts of thoughts ran through my head. Think if she was interested in me, maybe she even felt attracted to me. But it wasn't possible. I knew that she had a boyfriend, one of the most popular boys in the school. So she was straight.

But then on the other hand not entirely straight. Because obviously she was fascinated by my pussy as finally we were the only ones left in the sauna. By then I was so aroused, that it was only with the greatest difficulty, that I could restrain myself from touching my pussy. Especially as I detected slight movements from her clenched thighs.

But suddenly it was as Nicola woke up and came to her senses. Confused she looked around and noticed that we were the only two left. She stood up, but then she sat down again and surprised me by saying:

"I've heard that you're lesbian. Is that true?" Then she got aware of what she'd just said and became totally embarrassed. She blushed heavily and stuttered: "I mean... oh, oh, I...I don't know... It's what someone said, don't know why I asked that!"

"Oh, never mind! Why shouldn't you ask that?" I answered her. "And yes, I am lesbian, it's no secret."

We left the sauna, we've been there so long, we were almost boiling. We began to talk. First in the dressingroom and then on the subway, as we lived pretty close to eachother and had the same way. We didn't continue on the subject brought up in the sauna, but on all sorts of things, that we both were interested in. It appeared that we had a lot in common. Nicola left the sub one station before mine, but before that we'd decided to go together to a café after school the next day.

When I came home I went straight to my room and threw myself on to the bed. I was singing and giggling. My whole body was tingling. I noticed that my walls had such wonderful colours and patterns. Funny I hadn't really noticed that before. I sang: "I'm in love! I'm in love! I'm in love with Nicola! Nicola, Nicola, Nicola!"

But it wasn't only happiness I felt. I was also scared. I didn't know how she felt. She had a boyfriend. She was supposed to be straight. I pounded my pillow in despair and started to cry. I was a victim of mixed emotions.

But when I met Nicola in school next day, she smiled at me and I felt happy again. We spent the breaks between lessons together, talking and talking.

After school we went to a small but cosy café. After a while I decided to grasp the nettle.

"Nicola, why did you ask me in the sauna if it was true that I was lesbian? Why did you want to know that? You're straight, aren't you?"

For a moment, that for me seemed to be an eternity, especially as I hardly drew breath waiting for her answer, she was silent. Then she said:

"Because I wanted to know. I kind of realized that it was important for me to know. And your answer gave me a gleam of hope... And about being straight; well I've always believed that I am straight. But now I don't know anymore."

I was breathing again. But my heart pounded.

"Hope", I said in a husky voice. "Hope of what?"

"You know, when I saw you wetting yourself behind the shed, I saw the cutest girl I've ever seen." This was the first time one of us mentioned anything about that episode. "It was something so unbelievably unexpected. To see you wetting yourself like a little girl. And it thrilled me. I even got kind of aroused. I know, now you must think that I'm awful! But I have to tell you, because it's the truth. The days after, I looked at you, when you didn't notice. And... and I think I fell in love with you. But that wasn't possible, I thought. I have a boyfriend. No way I'm lesbian. And then in the sauna. I know I stared. I couldn't help looking at your pussy. I was so aroused! Your pussy is so cute, and it was open, the lips were swollen, and I thought you must be aroused. I felt my pussy tingle, I wanted you to touch it. Yes! I am awful! Now it's your turn to speak."

"Oh! Nicola! You're not awful! You're wonderful, you make me so happy! But you got to tell me. I understand it must be hard for you, when you got all those feelings, always been thinking you're straight. But what do you think now? Are you straight? I mean, I know I'm in love with you, but can you have the same feelings for me?"

She looked me in my eyes. She had a wonderful smile on her lips when she answered.

"Yes, Vikka! I know now! I am in love with you! And as I am, I guess I'm not straight! Right? And there's something I can't wait any longer for!"

"And what's that?" Again I hold my breath.

"To kiss you, silly! To kiss you!"

We sat side by side on a sofa. During our talk we'd moved closer and closer to each other. Now we looked around and decided that probably no one would notice us. Our first kiss! At first our lips touched, then I felt her tongue wobble against my lips, telling them to open up. They did and our tongues met for the first time. They swirled around each other and probed deep in our mouths. We lost track of the time.

"Ahum!" It was the waitress. "We're closing soon. Anything else you wish?"

Blushing we separated. We left the café hand in hand. Outside it was a mild and wonderful May evening. We went to a nearby park and strolled around with our arms around each other and ever so often stopping and kissing. Suddenly Nicola turned to me. She seemed to try to say something, but it only resulted in some hem and haw and her cheeks blushing.

"What are you trying to say?" I asked.

"Hrrm..." She cleared her voice and eventually succeeded to say: "There's something I want to ask you, but I don't know if I dare to." She hesitated, and then she tried again. "When you peed yourself the other day, how did it feel? I mean... Shit, I don't know how to say..."

"Haha! You're so cute, when you're blushing! Do you want to know how it feels to pee in your panties? Why are you so interested? Haven't you ever done it? I mean since you were a kid."

Now she got even more red.

"Ok! I'll tell you! Don't laugh at me. So... well, I got kind of aroused watching you pee yourself. It was something I've never done, and I got curious about how it would feel. And, well, I decided to try it for myself. So the day after I drank lots and lots of water and went out to a park, where I strolled around, getting more and more in need to pee. I decided to wait as long as I could, and at least two hours passed. I got so desperate and it felt wonderful! Of course I've been desperate to pee lots of times before, but the feeling this time was different. Before, I'd known that I could manage until I'd found an opportunity to pee.

But to wait and wait knowing I wasn't allowed to pee involved a special feeling, I've never felt before. It was so thrilling! It was so arousing! I was waiting for an accident to happen, but when it happened, it came as a total surprise! Suddenly I felt a warmth around my pussy. I was actually wetting myself for the first time since I was a baby! And I have a confession. When I was still peeing, I got an incredible orgasm! I hadn't even touched my pussy... Well, now you know how I felt. Now you got to tell me how you felt. And also if you've done it before."

So I told Nicola, that I totally shared her feelings. And also that I've been wetting myself on purpose since I was ten. And she told me that yesterday she did it again. But this time she hadn't prepared herself by drinking a lot of water. She'd been at a movie and was on her way home. She wasn't at all in a great need to pee, but suddenly she felt naughty. She wondered how it would feel to wet herself intentionally although she didn't need it that much. The naughty thought made her quite aroused and following an impulse she sneaked in behind some bushes, where she hitched up her skirt and parted her legs. 

She was so excited that it took some time before she started to pee. By that time she was so aroused, that she put her hand at her crotch and felt the warm pee run between her fingers. She fondled with her pussy outside her soaking panties. At first slowly but then her horniness drove her crazy and she rubbed her pussy furiously, pee splashing all over the place! She came three times in a row. Before she continued home she had to sit down on the grass, she was so exhausted.

While we were telling each other about our experiences, we were sitting att a parkbench. But we were not just talking. We were eagerly exploring each other's bodies, caressing the other's breasts, bellies and pussies. And we also felt the effects from all the coffee we'd had at the café. Nicola was the first to wet herself, which she told me by whispering in my ear. Not as she needed to tell me. I was actually caressing her pussy when it happened and felt for the first time her wonderful, warm pee on my hand!

And now I got to take care of my own pussy. I really need to pee. I'll do it fully dressed in my garden. Good night!

*005*2012-11-25 17:03

Thankyou, thankyou so much everyone :) ! And I am actually writing about something else, that'd happened in the past.

Jus, I would also love to be involved in something similar with you! I really would.

