My Mentor part 2

Author: murphdog

*000*2014-02-19 02:22

Nap time and our big talk

I sat down beside Laura on the bed accepting her invitation to take a nap. She seem pleased that I would take her up on the offer. "Before you lay down could you get me something to drink" she asked politely? "Sure what would you like babe, I think there is some 7up or would you prefer ice tea" I replied. "7up would be nice, I will save the caffeine until after our nap" was her response. She paused for a couple of seconds "thank you for being so understanding I owe you one big time" I just smiled as I headed to the kitchen.

When I returned she was sitting up in bed, with a bit of a disheveled look about her, it was unusual for Laura but I found it very cute. "Sit down on the bed with me we need to talk" her voice was inviting but sincere. I thought to myself that this might not be good, my body language must have betrayed my thoughts. "Will you relax it is not going to be that bad" she jokingly scolded. Laura took me by both hands, her smile reassured me that all was well. "First I want you to know that you have been so kind to me and I want to thank you for everything that you have done, not just for last night but always" her voice was warm the kind of warm that reaches right into your heart. " You have also been a gentleman and have respected my boundaries without complaining or pushing" she continued "I trust you". 

Laura hesitated a bit "I am asking a lot of you but....." There was an awkward silence. "I am not wearing panties under your football jersey and I am not sure that I can trust me" she confided. "I am just not ready to make love to you yet and ...... would it be ok if you kept your shorts ( I was wearing a set of track shorts under my sweats) on while we take a nap" she asked? "I have not made love to anyone since the night before my husband was killed and I am doing my best to get my head around it but I need a little more time". I kissed her gently on the cheek "I am good with that, but how will I know when you are ready" I just had to ask. Laura thought about it for a second, "When I am ready I will take your clothes off and when that time comes young man you are going to get it like you have never had it before". "Deal" was all I said. "NOW shut the light off and come cuddle in with me" She snapped in her own little sarcastic but joking way.

We cuddle in tight to each other my chest to her back. Laura whispered softly to me " you may message anything that you like as long as I am the one that takes your panties down". Laura drifted off to sleep rather quickly, surprisingly, I never made it long until I was also sleeping wrapped in the peaceful bliss of her body.

I woke a couple of hours later, Laura was still lightly sleeping but woke as I stirred. "How would you like a nice back rub" I asked already knowing the answer. She smiled big, and we worked together to get her shirt off. I got some lotion and proceeded to give her a great massage starting at the base of her neck and slowly working down to her bottom. I spent a lot of time on her bottom we both enjoyed it. About 15 minutes into the message Laura started to fidget, a little at first but increasingly as time passed. She started to clench just a bit, I just could not help myself and I lightly goosed her. "Ah" she squealed "you will make me wet the bed". 

"Now that would be naughty young lady" I mused. "Don't get any ideas if I wet the bed because you are tickling me that is your fault mister" she snapped playing of course. I added more lotion to her body and continued the massage. She almost drifted back to sleep when I saw her clench her legs. "Oh god I have to pee" she stammered as she scramble up out of bed and headed for the bathroom. There was a small wet spot on the bed and I saw a trickle run down the inside of her leg. I followed her into the bathroom and sat on the side of the tub while she peed. We teased back and forth about whose fault it was but in the end concluded that it was a very small accident so no harm no fowl.

