As awkward as a public wetting may get

Author: KawaiiUnknown

*000*2014-10-30 08:08

Hi there, this is my first post here :) Its a little embarrassing for me but whatever, hope you like it though ;) Sorry if its bad.

It was just after class with my sister and we were on our way home but we decided to go grab a quick bite at a local food court. For some weird reason, the food there really made me thirsty so I went to get a few bottles of water and I drank it pretty quickly, my sister told me to not drink too much as the train route back home will be quite long but I knew that I could hold it long enough.

After those bottles of water we continued to go to the train station, where we had to wait for a few minutes before the train arrived. I slowly felt my bladder fill, but I thought of it as nothing and it soon faded away. As the train arrived, a crowd of people alighted from the train, pushing me(and my bladder) back and forth before we board the train, it wasn't as bad yet but I could still feel it, the liquid flowing back and forth, round and round like a washing machine. A few stops after, more people began to alight and the train had more seats available, my sister found one and let me sit, which was great for me as I slowly start to feel the pressure of my bladder growing stronger. Sitting through the train ride was a roller coaster for me, not sure if my bladder would get more filled up or if I can even hold it throughout the journey till I reached home.

During the journey, the train stopped.. the stopped shook the remaining passengers, my sister and I. We had to wait as another train has not left from the station in front of us, the stop shook my bladder and I really started quietly squirming, trying not to make myself too obvious as I could be seen easily which I do not want that to happen. Fortunately, the train began to move not long after I had to control the filling bladder of mine, but as it approached the next station the crowd waiting was massive! It wasn't rush hour so we were shocked. The crowd rushed in the moment the doors opened, pushing and squeezing like a pack of sardines. While I was sitting, I saw a guy in crutches, being pushed around and no one offered a seat nor a helping hand, I offered my seat to him and he was quite happy, which made me happy, but not my bladder.

My sister and I were crushed so we kin of had to hug each other in the crowd(I hope no one saw though). I hugged her as she grabbed the handlebars above her, and by doing so I felt weird, maybe its just sisterly love but I feel really weird. She sudden began to hold me tighter with her other hand, bringing us closer, bodies closer, as my bladder touching her. I was growing desperate as we both held each other tight amongst the crowd, I suddenly moved my hips in front of my sister, she looked at me and I tried to play it cool, that save though.

The train stopped again, pushing us around the train, bumping into random people and I suddenly felt wet in my panties. It wasn't much but it was at that point where I knew I cant hold it any longer, I quietly moaned and my sister heard me. " You ok?" She asked me, " Ahh, yea I'm ok!" I gave her an awkward smile as I moved uncontrollably which unfortunately was seen by my sister. As she saw my movements she knew that I couldn't hold it any longer. "See what I told you?" My sister said, as she stared into me.

"I..I don't think I can hold it any longer" I whisper to my sister, hoping she may know what to do. " I cant help much but we are reaching home, just a little longer ok?" As she tried to comfort me, I cant help but to let go a bit of my pee, thinking that it would ease myself but I was wrong. As I began to release it, a small patch can be seen on my pants, my sister saw me, and tried to cover it with her bag, but to no avail. She opened her bag below me as I watch the pee flowing out of my pants and into her bag, the it was quite obvious and I think a few people actually saw it. It was very embarrassing, to wet myself and to do it in my sisters bag.

*002*2014-10-31 05:35

Well at that time I was 15, maybe they were too shocked or I was just too embarrassed to notice my surroundings xD

*005*2014-11-06 14:23

I wont say bad, but neither good. An experience it was to say the least!

*007*2014-11-07 04:54

Yeah, my sister is actually older than me :D

Hmmm, your post is quite interesting as well, asking for different experiences on one scenario xD

{{ 

Wow. A thrill to read, but I sympathize with you. It must've been incredibly embarrassing. I assume your sister is older than you?

This part:

And then the wetting reminded me of a thread I made a while back, asking for just such experiences: $/22398-ever-been-instructed-to-go-to-the-bathroom-after-say-an-appropriate-age/

:

}}

