A Family Friend

Author: bes31

*000*2014-07-11 01:13

The last few weeks or so I spent my time vacationing with my family in the big apple, New York City. We had a lot of plans, including a plan from my mother, to visit some family friends. My Mother was raised in a town in New Jersey and had a fair amount of friends who were parts of New York City, so she made plans to reunite with one of her childhood friends.

My mother, my brother and myself all headed to a relatively fancy apartment in Greenwich village for this meeting. We had meet the family before as well, they had come to our home town for a few meetings, but that was five years ago. All I remembered about the meeting was meeting the girl in the family. The family was a mother and a girl, the girl was nice and my age, but other than that I remembered very little about her. I was eager to meet this girl to see how she became.

We knocked on the door of the apartment building the two of them stayed, I had forgotten about these two and had forgotten their names, we had a lot to catch up on. A middle aged women answered the door.

“Sandra!” My mother screamed at her, they went in for a greeting kiss and a hug, it had been awhile since they had met. Sandra also came in for hugs to me and my brother, we put on fake smiles and continued the show. We dealt with the introductions quickly, as I wondered about the girl.

“Jamie, they are here.” Sandra called, I remembered that the girl was named Jamie. Jamie, I remembered her as plump, with long brown hair and a pair of glasses that distinguished her heavily. I was expecting something like that as I waited for this girl to appear.

She looked nothing like that. Jamie walked up quickly and greeted us. She was still plump, but with a figure that was definitely not fat. That, and the fact that she was still female, were the only things the same. Her hair was obviously dyed a unique shade of red, and it was bobbed up, to make it look shorter. She wore heavy make-up that gave her face a pale aspect for it, and a large nose ring was perched on the left nostril. What I really noticed was that she was very developed, she had large breasts that fit in her blouse, which matched with a black skirt and a beige jacket that kept the flowing skirt in line. There was something else about Jamie, she didn’t look happy, but exasperated and miserable. I wondered why, and I let my mind wander a bit, before her mother told us that the two hadn’t eaten all day (this was a lunch visit.)

I wasn’t truly attracted to Jamie, that might be because of the nose ring, or the fact I had a girlfriend at home, or the fact that she was not very happy, she didn’t look appealing for me. But as we started walking to rooftop garden, a wave of awkwardness.

“So...” I tried to make a conversation, she looked at me, putting on a smile. “You going to college?”

“Yeah. In Massachusetts.” I nodded, thinking about what to say in this instance.

“Really, congratulations. Like.... Harvard? Or...”

“Nah. UMass.” She interrupted, she wasn’t that smart.

“Well... I’m going to Arizona State.” She smiled but looked away. This conversation wasn’t going to work. I looked at my brother, who stared into the distance without a sense of surroundings. This was going to be an awkward lunch. Jamie took out her phone and began to text, I took it as a sign to be quiet.

“Let’s not go for so long, Jamie is starving.” Sandra spoke, I just learned that now, so much for my beliefs of her dying to pee, I thought to myself. I looked at her sympathetically.

“I’m fine, I just don’t eat breakfast anymore.” She told me. I was a big guy so I understood her trying to lose weight.

“Why?”

“I don’t feel like it. Besides, I want to eat less. I just drink a bunch of coffee and forget about my hunger.” Now I was interested, could she had drank before we came in. I need to stop, I thought to myself, the last thing we need right now is desperation, especially in our already awkward state.

We exited the apartments to the rooftop quickly, Jamie going before me, and me going last. I walked behind her, once again falling to urges, this time to see her skirt ride up in the outside weather. I realized I was being a bit crude, so I walked ahead to my brother, keeping quiet to Jamie. I’ll let her do her own thing, as she reached down behind me and grabbed berry from a bush, it was a blueberry and she swallowed it down.

“How do you like this garden?” Sandra said, to my mother, who stared at it.

“It looks really nice.” She put on another fake smile and embellishes her opinion of it, it was a bit bland and the plants didn’t look that good. Either way, we weren’t going to lie to her, as she took much pride in this garden.

“Mom. Can we get going?” Jamie asked, Sandra nodded and guided us down the apartment and into the streets. We were going to an Italian restaurant for lunch, and was prepared to suck in the awkwardness and get a conversation going with Jamie. It was only a short walk to the restaurant from the bottom of the apartment, and we got there in less than ten minutes.

We entered the restaurant and sat down at a six person table. Sandra and my Mother sat across from each other, Jamie and I sat across, and my brother still looked away in the distance, sitting across nobody.

“ How do you like New York City?” Jamie asked, she crossed her legs at me as water appeared on the table.

“It’s good, just a bit unforgiving.” She laughed, and I felt the wall breaking. Suddenly, she grabbed the glass and gulped half of it down.

“Man, I am so thirsty.” She said as she continued to drink. “You ever drink so much coffee you just feel thirstier than before.” She immediately finished the drink and turned her attention back to me.

“What do you mean, unforgiving?” She asked, and we started talking about New York City, our careers, our future universities, our futures. All the meanwhile she continued to drink, I counted about five glasses of water. As food came in, her personality went from being quiet and boring to loud, funny and enjoyable, and I began to be quite fond of her.

I took a few bites of my sandwich as she told me a story of her times in New York City. I laughed with her as she told me odd stories of the people you meet in this city. As she speaks, I see her cross her legs again, I got curious.

“Just a second, Bes.” Jamie said, and she stood up and walked toward her mother.

“Mom, are there restrooms here?” Jamie asked, and my suspicions were true. It was inevitable, she drank a lot of water. Sandra lifted her shoulders, not knowing the answer.

“I don’t know, sweety. Go look around.” Jamie huffed as she walked to the waiter that had worked on our table. I traced her with my eyes as she walked to the man, only to be given a shake of the head. She huffed back down to the table, looking disappointed.

“You okay?” I asked.

“Yeah.... Yeah.” She said with a worried face. “I’ll be fine, I’ll just have to wait.” I know about the one odd struggle about New York City. The city was basically designed to limit the amount of bathrooms you can possibly reach, many stores had none, you spent most of your time on the street, and buses and subway cars certainly didn’t have any. You either had to get lucky or find an alley to piss in before it is too late. I didn’t think much of Jamie’s need, as we were so close to her apartment, where she can pee in peace.

Almost immediately as she revealed to everyone her urgent need, I started to notice odd parts of her behavior. Her body had movements, small shakes and twists, her foot quickly tapped the ground with a quickness, her face was tense, and her mood had once again darkened a bit.

As much as I wanted to Jamie desperate, it would be a hindrance to our newly founded friendship, how would she feel if her main memory of me was me being there when she pissed herself in the streets of New York City.

The check came and the two mothers split the bill, Jamie looked over as her legs shook a bit. Her mother spoke to the three of us, Jamie, my boring brother and myself, “We are going to walk to a little market nearby and then we will drop off them at their car. Is that okay?”

I looked at Jamie, she was obviously unhappy, as she was hoping that she could go as soon as possible, and I felt the strong desire to protect her. “We should probably go back to the apartment for Jamie.” Jamie looked at me oddly, like I had said something wrong.

“Nah. I’m good.” Jamie said, “you can go wherever.” I took that counter and understood it, Sandra smiled and stood up, and as the meal was paid for we began to leave the cafe. Jamie and I fell behind, as she asked me a question. She was walking fine, without a hint of desperation. “Why are you so worried about me?” She asked, I got pale.

“What?”

“Why did you do that, what you just did.” she spoke cryptically to me. I realized what she meant.

“Cause you look like you need it.”

“You are pretty cute.” She said, my face lit up. “But, I can speak for myself.” I took this to heart, if she was going to solve this, it was her, I didn’t want to embarrass her any more than I had. “Do I look that bad?”

“No. No. No... Well, I can tell, but you don’t look that bad.” She smiled at what I said.

“That is great, because I am bursting.” She said, my eyes stared at her, her strong body taking on her strong bladder. She still seemed shaky, without really begging for relief yet, I just continued to allow my arousal to spike up.

She began to walk in front of me when a pocket of wind blew some air up her skirt, she quickly pushed the skirt down before I could see anything. I was beginning to notice how aroused I was becoming of Jamie, and I began wishing to actually see her truly wet herself. I was having a battle of conscious as I watched her.

As the walk continued, I notice her knees bobb up and down between strides. Sometimes she would stop, not to hold herself, but to regain composure. Sometimes she would groan or moan slowly, look back at me and I would pretend not to notice her desperation. She would turn around and continue her walk.

The others would wait up, and as we approached near the apartments before we set out to the market, Sandra took notice of her daughters need. “You sure you don’t want to go into the apartment real quick.”

Jamie stared at her, her body was moving rapidly as she did a small potty dance. “No! I’m fine.” She responded. Jamie was real desperate, but Sandra took it for an answer. All the pain could have been solved at that point. I caught up with her to ask her why.

“I can hold it...” She said, exasperated. “I can hold it.” I didn’t know, she was still, bouncing up and down, furiously biting her lower lip, her hands fisted up in a ball. She must have been throbbing from her full bladder, you could even see that bladder through the tight blouse, a large lump that was full of liquid.

We kept walking, and Jamie kept her routine, stopping, exclaiming her desperation, regretting her decision to not go into the apartment. At some point Jamie even started holding herself, the routing ended as began to continuously hold herself, hoping no other New Yorker would notice/care.

As we reached the market, it began to strike Jamie she wasn’t going to make it. The market was a bunch of tables perched over a park, full of people showcasing their created jewelry or clothes. As we approached, Jamie ran up to her Mom, her hand grasping her crotch and her legs viciously shaking.

“I’m going to find a restroom in a store nearby, okay.” I imagined Sandra saying no, and she was forced to dejectedly hold it until she wets herself.

“Yes, just don’t go far.” Jamie nodded and ran back, ignoring me and running to the nearby stores. I found a perch and watched her. She entered a candy store, only to be greeted with a customers only sign, she desperately left the first one. The next was a cafe, who didn’t have a customer restroom. She left that one two, how long was she going to last? She came across an alley, which she pondered for a second before leaving that for the third and final store, a clothing store.

I was praying to God that they would say no, so I could watch the desperate Jamie strip in an alley, and relieve herself in front of me. But it wasn’t meant to be, the store said yes and she quickly entered into the bathroom.

I imagine her, her body shaking with her incredibly full bladder. Her hand stopping any wetting at any second, cursing to herself, regretting all of the decisions that led away from toilets. She would roll up her skirt revealing a thong which she quickly took off before plopping her bare ass on the toilet seat, moaning in orgasmic relief from her body winning the battle.

I focused on other things waiting for her, the jewelry was nice and the clothes were nicer, but my mind couldn’t escape Jamie. And my head turned when she exited the store. She looked relieved, with a smile on her face instead of a very tense face. I wish I could have seen it, but seeing her happy made it up for me. I wasn’t emotionally attracted to her, but I did really like her.

She came up to me, smiling, happy. I smiled back, happy for her, and she next to me and spoke. “Don’t tell anyone, but I just peed myself.” I stared at her, looking confused?

“What? How?”

“I got into the restroom and suddenly just lost it, couldn’t even get to the toilet. So I pissed myself.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.” I responded, she smiled back.

“Yeah. But don’t tell anyone else, okay, this is our secret.” I nodded and smiled. Now I imagined something different, she would close the door, and scream, the urine that had pounded on the floodgates for so long suddenly broke through, something about the slamming of the door behind her. She bent over, her body losing control of her bladder and her legs locking up. It only took a few seconds for Jamie to realize she had no chance of making it to the nearby toilet, so she pulled up her skirt quickly and allowed the release on the floor of this bathroom, letting the owners deal with the consequences. When she finished, she wiped the floor and herself until leaving with a smile and a sense of relief.

She walked past me now, and I watched her in amazement, but knowing that this was our secret. And as you can see from this post, I am not good at secrets.

*004*2014-07-11 03:48

{{: 

Super hot. I wonder if she secretly knew you were enjoying her predicament, as she kept you pretty well informed of her situation. I would have loved to see this happen in person.

}}

Eh.. Maybe, but I doubt it. She had a boyfriend at the time and I had a girlfriend as well. Looking back, I'm not sure why she told me she had pissed herself. I think it might be because her skirt might hve been wet and she might have thought I had felt her wet skirt, but I have no clue.

*007*2014-07-11 14:21

{{: 

Ok seriously! She HAS TO be into holding!! She had a clear opportunity to "pee in peace" and she turned it down when she was already desperate. If you get to know her better you should ask if she's into this kind of stuff....hahah :)

}}

If I had to guess, it was probably that going up to her apartment, wetting, and going back down might take 7-8 minutes and she doesn't want to keep us waiting that long, but she might be into this, I'm not sure.

