Lost my virginity, wet the bed, and humiliated

Author: xm50a3xx

*000*2014-10-22 04:48

My girlfriend Anna and I have been dating for about 2 months and have not had sex until just a couple days ago. She had had sex with a few other guys while i was still a virgin. Annas parents were going out of town Friday to sunday and she asked me if i wanted to stay over, i hesitated but i said yes. I woke up early for school on Friday and couldn't wait to start the day. I woke up early Friday morning excited for school and couldn't wait to get school over with. So i hopped in the shower and cleaned my body and decided to get out and dry off. Upon drying off and getting dressed i opened up my underwear drawer and was shocked and embarrassed to realize i only clean fruit of the loom briefs. I considered going commando but said fuck it and just wore them. I made it through the day and couldn't stop thinking about anna and how we were going to have sex tonight.

After school i drove to Annas and met her there for the night to begin. Anna surprised me by pulling out a 5th of fireball for us to drink tonight. now i don't usually drink much but i figured it would help. I only took about 5 shots and i was wasted while anna drank about 15 and was helping me. Now that we were drunk anna dragged me into her room were she ripped my pants off just to see my briefs and obviously was holding back from laughing .

This humiliated me so bad and got me so hard at the same time which made smirk even more. then she proceded to pull my underwear down alittle and start sucking me off. This didn't last long and i c*** almost instantly. After this she started chuckling and told me we could try again later. so about 15 minutes later after sitting there awkwardly in my underwear she came over and starting rubbing my p****. this got me hard fast and she decided we could have sex so she put my condom on and started riding me. again i was drunk and came fast.(probably under a minute) after this she was upset and rolled over and decided to go to sleep. I still felt awkward so i decided to go take another shot so i did. after that i layed down and drifted off to sleep. 

I dreamt that anna and i were in a car and i had to pee so badly but there were no places to stop. It felt like eternity in dream time before we came across a random citgo. At this citgo i ran into the front door and wet my pants infront of the whole store, and that's where i woke up instead of the store it was annas bed. Anna was still asleep but she was soaked and her white cotton panties were dark yellow along with her white tshirt and sheets. not just her but my briefs were stained yellow and i was soaked too. i was so ashamed and felt like a 5 year old just sitting there in my tighty whities and wet bed. it was still the middle of the night and i was still drunk so i fell back asleep. Once awoke it wasn't even by anna it

