Wetting on my way home!

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2015-12-13 21:32

Hey all this is something that happened recently and I had to write it up but haven't had chance.

Recently I went to visit a friend at uni from Saturday to Sunday just before they left back to go home. The drive was a good 3 hours long (Without traffic) I had been driving for about 2 hours and I was already pretty desperate to pee. The next services was 32 miles from where I was!! I thought about it and realised that 30 minutes wouldn't be too long to wait I would just have to hold tight!

I was super desperate, and then the worst thing happened!! The over head signs said congestion!! Turns out there had been a crash! The traffic slowed down to like 5mph and was start stop. I was devastated. It was going to be the first I ever wet my self in my car! There was no way I was going to ruin my car seats. I would hold no matter what!

25 minutes passed and I had moved about 3 miles. It was getting bad now I was totally bursting and the feeling was only made worse by knowing I had no where to go :( I was about to explode. Another 20 minutes went by and I managed to drive about 6 miles. Then it started speeding up again. They must have cleared the incident!! I was moving again at 50mph.

I did the maths. 20 miles at 50mph would be about 20/25 minutes. I didn't know if I would make it. Even if I did I wasn't sure if I would be able to even make it into the toilets :/

Then it happened! I leaked :O I just couldn't stop it from spurting out. After the first little spurt I regained control somehow. I knew I must be close but the thought of the relief was really messing with me now. Another spurt leaked out. I thought about the wet patch and managed to quickly put a carrier bag under my bum.

I saw the slip road into the services but I knew even if I was to go up there I wouldn't make it into the toilets. I would just embarrass my self walking in peeing my self uncontrollably.

I made a quick decision. I would park right in the corner of the service parking and just try and go behind the car. I pulled up into a space. I dived out the car already wetting my self and just lost it right there! I totally exploded, pee pouring down my leggings and flooding into my high top converse. There was no way I could stop it. A feeling of total relief came over me as I peed for like 50 seconds. A huge puddle formed at my feet.

Once I had finished I had to find a way of not soaking the car seats when I sat back down. I grabbed a towel from in the boot that I had taken with me to the uni and put it on the chair of the car. I sat my self back down in the car with soaked leggings still on and drenched converse. I then had to drive the next 30 or so miles with soaked leggings and soaking wet feet in my converse! As scared as I was wetting in that place it felt amazing and I really enjoyed the whole thing :P So much fun :)

Seeds x

*004*2015-12-16 17:28

{{ 

Did anyone see you'd wet yourself when you were standing by your car or going around to the boot to get that towel? You must have been pretty aroused by the time you got home, after driving 30 more miles in your wet leggings and shoes.

}}

I don't think anyone saw me. At least I hope not but I was in such a rush and wasn't really thinking too much about what I was doing I just wanted to get back in the car and on my way home :P

It did feel quite lovely though tbh :)

Nearly happened again tonight on the way home from a different friends. This one doesn't live any where near as far but I left her house already getting pretty desperate. Only just made it home and onto the toilet :P

Thanks for reading :)

