Me and my boyfriend had some fun XD

Author: KittyWet202

*000*2012-06-16 05:15

So ive been with my boyfriend for almost 9 monthes<3 were so close, but he doesnt know i like omorashi! ^w^" this was a pretty great day tho xD

###

Ok so me and Devan wanted to go to the beach, on the way there i noticed dev had brought a big gulp soda full of sprite. i didnt think much of it at first until when we hit the road it was effecting him! he was kinda squirmy.

I said " You okay baby? "

"yeah just need to pee a lil hun, im fine though" said devan

This got me EXCITED(; i couldnt stop watching my pooor boo need to pee<3 he was so cute!

But being such a man he tried to keep cool. there was a lil traffic but not much. but he was getting more desperate.after 15 more mintutes of driving he said....

"babe we gonna be there soon, im gonna explode ahah" he said

"hmmm i think so maybe 30 min or 20" i said feeling bad but excited at the same time

"ohhh...i can make it" he said

"ok~" then i kissed him c:

By the time we were almost there he was holding his crouch rocking back and forth. he was so desperate! and i was sooo turned on(;

When we go there he was soo eager to get out of the car! we got the stuff and put everything down. but when we looked around there were no bathrooms at the beach.also i checked the water and it was COLDDD. XD so he didnt wanna pee in there.

"oh god, i should have went before we came..im gonna pee myself soon aha" he said while holding himself.

Then i said something crazy!! (;

"u could go in the sand? ill go too if it makes u feel better?"

"okay, i just need to pee. but u go first" he said

( i was wearing light blue shorts.and there was barly anyone there xD) i sat down and spread my legs, waited for a sec.. then bam.. i little wet mark was growing and i was making a bank of pee in the sand :3 i was so turned on. right as i started peeing he bent down and began peeing himself . there was a puddle growing around him and wetness spreading thru his crotch. i could hear his pee spraying the fabric on his shorts and hitting the sand.

While he was peeing he was looking at the pee mess i made and me wetting myself and he said

"this is really warm and nice ahaha"

I felt so happy!<3 we both were having fun(; after that we made sand castles and made out in our wet clothes :3 <3

- Kitty

