Will they notice it?

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-10-12 14:49

One of wetting things I like is to wetting myself in public, making me turned up that they don't know it. Here are some of my experiences:

This one is my favorite. It was really cold outside, so I took snowpants, snowboots and jacket. When I arrived to school, I put my jacket down, keeping only my jumper. As I haven't got anything else to change in, I stayed in snowpants and snowboots. As time went, I needed to go, but I spend whole break with my friend and didn't go, so in middle of second lesson, when I was starting desperated, I decided to make little pee into my pants. First I didn't wanted to do it, as I have to stay in it for long time (it was about 10:00 and my bus home was about 16:00). But I needed and ssnowpants are great at covering it, so I let a bit squirt into my pants just to release my bladder. It felt good, and as I was hot in snowpants, it cooled them bit.

After few minutes, I was desperated again, so I wanted to go to toilet. I put my hand up and asked teacher. She says I can go if I will go to whiteboard (I hated Math, but I haven't got any other choice). So I was standing at board, doing some Math stuff (I don't know how do you say it in english :D ) and I was really desperated and turned up. I looked down my legs. My snowpants's were putted inside of my snowboots, so If I will pee my pant's now and snowpants won't hold it, it will flow into my snowboots and the rubber under textile will hold the pee inside.

I was so turned on and so desperated, that while thinking if anybody will notice it, I started peeing, still at the whiteboard. I felt warm pee beeing absorbed by snowpants, but still slowly coming down my legs. It was almost down. Then the pee started filling my snowboots. I was still doing the Math stuff, like nothing was happening. When my bladder was empty and nobody was laughing, I relieved, nothing leaked out. I finally finished and teacher let go to the toilet. I put down my snowboots. 

There were some pee in both of them, luckily not smelling. I poured it to the toilet, put them back on and went back to the class. If I remember well, my pant's were dry about when I was leaving the school. When I was in the bus, I was still turned bit on. So to celebrate this experience that nobody noticed, I pissed my pants again when I get of the bus. On the way home, I runned through dirty snow, so my snowpants were bit dirty and my mum told me to put them in the washingmachine. Lucky ending, nobody noticed it :D

###

I'm doing this one quite often, when it's warm outside. We everybody know that there are two kinds of leggins. That ones, that when few drops leaks out, peoples in space can see you peed your pants, ant the second ones, in which you can pee thousand of liters and nobody will notice you are wet. My leggins are almost all the first kind, but I've got few leggins of the second kind. I usually wears them in the public with snowboots or wellies. When I'm near anybody, I pee in them, trying if he will notice it. Usually, it's just small flows going down my legs, not so easy to see, ending in my shoes, without making any pudles under me. But this weekend, when I was doing this, I was really desperated. I thought it will be better with it, so I went.

After few minutes of walk, there was hotdog kiosk. I get there and bought one hotdog. While the woman there was preparing it, I started making small peeing into my pants, if somebody will notice it. But my bladder was so full, that I couldn't stop. Small flows on my legs turned into niagara falls from my crotch. I crossed my legs, hoping that strong flow on my legs will be harder to notice than fall between my legs. But I was peeing so much, that a puddle created around me. The woman in kiosk give me the hotdog and watching the pee flowing down my legs said "You peed your pants?".

"Yeah", I answered, wanted to go.

"I know that feeling." I stopped. "Sometimes, I can't leave it here. I accidentally pissed my jeans twice here. Since then, I'm wearing diapers. Just for case". She turned back to me and pulled up her jacket. I could see she was part of diaper going from her jeans.

"And did you ever peed in it?" I asked.

"Yes. I'm not proud of it, but about once a month, I have an accident. Don't you worried anybody will see your wet leggins?"

"No, it's not noticable. Were you ever thinking about peeing for pleasure?"

She looked at me like if I was from another planet. "Peeing my pant's because I want it?"

"Yes." I normally don't talk to strangers about it, but when she started... "I often do it. I just like the feeling of wet pants."

"Isn't it embarasing?"

"I'm not doing it in public. When I'm home alone, I pee my pants, I just like it. You should try it"

I wasn't sure what she is going to do. She was thinking and then said "Maybe I will try it. I'm here every weekend. Will you come back again?"

"Yes. So see you next weekend, bye."

I was leaving in wet leggins, snowboots full of pee and didn't believed what happend. I met complete stranger, talked with him about peeing and we decided to see again. But maybe, I will have another omo friend. I'll see next week...

