How I got Fired

Author: TVGuy

*000*2015-10-29 02:55

I have never shared this story before. Even though there is wetting involved, it never really felt like a wetting experience to me, so it never crossed my mind to share it. It is a story I share with my vanilla friends and at social functions, sans pee content.

Thanks to Faceboook, I have got back in touch with the girl who wet herself in this story. After telling her about my fetish websites, having a few good laughs, and catching up, she has given me permission to share the full, including the wetting, with all of you.

* * *

We were all story tellers, Betsy, Christie, and myself. The three of us had done things just because we new it would make for an excellent story later. This is probably why we had decided to embark on such a foolish raid; we knew that, no matter what happened, it would make for a crazy story. We failed to anticipate, however, just how crazy this story would be.

We were working at Camp Evergreen as counselors. Camp Evergreen was the newest camp in the council and therefor, we felt that we were the best. It was our belief that we were superior to any other camp in the council, a belief supported by our boss, the camp director.

However, the other summer camps in the council refused to acknowledge our dominance. Specifically, Camp Tidewater, the oldest and largest camp in the region. They believed their size and age made them superior to all other summer camps. Of course, we couldn't just standby and tolerate this obviously flawed assumption.

Betsy, Christie, and I agreed that it was our duty to put Camp Tidewater in their place. It was unacceptable to us that they should strut around, claiming their camp was in any way better ours when we were clearly superior in everyway. So the three of us, with the kind of deep wisdom you only find in sixteen year olds, decided to sneak away from our camp that night, drive the one hundred and fifty miles to their camp, desecrate their dining hall, run our flag up their flag pole, and tie shut the doors of their bunkhouses to trap them inside.

To be honest, I did have a few misgivings about this plan. Christie was the only one of us who had a car, if you could call it that.

Have you ever seen the remains of a car after it has been burned up in a fire? Just a scorched metal shell? That was what Christie's car looked like.

It was just a burnt, rusty, metal frame of some kind of 1970s station wagon. Missing the wind shields or side windows. Instead she had stretched plastic wrap over the areas where windows should have been. Liberally applied duct tape held the thin, makeshift windshield in place.

Door handles were also absent. Instead, this “car” had holes where one might presume handles had once been. She had looped string through these holes to tie the doors closed. To enter or exit, you would have to untie and then retie the string.

The situation with the headlights wasn't any better. Long gone were the original headlights, in their place was flashlights. These flash lights were wired up to a toggle switch inside mounted on the piece of plywood that was where her dashboard should have been. She had a bank of batteries to run these lights off of.

And, speaking of the car's interior, it was also a custom job too. No sign of the original seats or interior remained. This wasn't a problem though, as she had installed wooden benches to sit on. Ventilation was provided via the holes rusted through the floor. There was a steering wheel, however, and a plastic gas can rode inside so you could see how much fuel was remaining. Any other gauges or indicators she had drawn on the plywood dashboard with a permanent marker. Seat belts were completely absent.

So why, you might be asking, would I every consider setting foot in this death trap? The answer is simple- I was a sixteen year old boy and Christie and Betsy were insanely, unbelievably, hot. Hormones raging, I would have leaped from an airplane without a parachute to increase the amount of time I got to spend in proximity to these two girls.

That night, after everyone else was asleep, we rendezvoused in the parking lot, eager to set forth on our mission. Even though it was July, there was a strong chill in the air. Despite the low temperature, in a show of camp pride, we were wearing our uniforms. These uniforms were truly hideous- A pastel blue t-shirt, with our camp logo screen printed on the front in yellow. Our olive green shorts were skin tight and came all the way down to our crotches.

By the time I joined them, Christie and Betsy had loaded our supplies for the raid in the car- A case of Mountain Dew and Red Bull so we could pull off this all nighter, our camp flag to run up their flag pole, multiple cans of shaving cream with which we would use to defile their dining hall, and ropes that we would use to tie shut the doors of their bunks so that they would wake up to find themselves trapped and have to climb out their windows.

Everything in place, we set off on our adventure. Leaving the camp was strictly prohibited unless you had specific permission and signed out, so once we turned onto the main highway, leaving our camp's driveway, I felt there was no turning back. We were doing it. Stories of our greatness would be passed down for a hundred summers, at least that is what we believed would happen.

Soon, we encountered our first problem. It turned out that neither Betsy, Christie, or myself had any idea how to actually get to Camp Tidewater. We knew it was on the coast, but had never actually been there. We didn't have a map, this was before smart phones, and in car GPS units were limited to only the wealthiest people. Christie had drawn a navigation system on her plywood dash, but it turned out not to be very helpful.

We were only a few miles from our own camp, but we felt that turning back for any reason before our mission was complete would mean we were failures, so we pressed on. Knowing that Camp Tidewater was on the coast, specifically the North Coast, we devised a plan- We would just keep driving west, according to our compass, until we ran into the ocean. At that point we would head north until we found the camp. It was right on the coast, so how could we miss it?

Though we were initially charged with adrenaline, sleepiness quickly took over. I wasn't sure how we would manage to say awake all night with hundreds of miles of driving to do, plus the raid. We were on a strict time line too. If we weren't back before the morning staff meeting the next day our absence would be noticed.

Christie, who was driving, was starting to look quite sleepy. So when we drove straight through a red light, the first red light we came to in a small town, I assumed it was because she was tired.

“Christie!” I shouted, “You just drove straight through that stoplight!”

“Oh yeah, I know,” she calmly replied.

“Why didn't you stop?” I asked, somewhat alarmed by her calmness at this revelation.

“My car doesn't have brakes,” she explained, as this was just a completely normal thing for cars not to have.

Her. Car. Doesn't. Have. Brakes.

I let that sink in.

“How,” I begin to ask slowly and carefully, fearing what the answer might be, “do you stop if your care doesn't have brakes?”

“I'll show you,” she said, “Hold on!”

Betsy and I braced ourselves.

Christie slammed the gearshift into first. We lurched forward as the car immediately slowed. The transmission screamed. Christie grabbed on to a two by four piece of lumber and pulled back on it. It was a lever, protruding through a hole in the floor. The lumber ground into the pavement below the car, Christie pulling back on it fiercly. Slowly the car crept to a stop.

Holy fuck.

I was going to die. That was it, I accepted it. I would not live until the next sun rise. I wished that I wasn't going to die a virgin, but at least I was going to go out in the company of the two sexiest girls in the entire camp, so that was a nice consolation prize. If, by some miracle, we managed to not die on this particular night, I figured we would be brought closer by surviving a near death experience such as this. Being brought closer to Christie and Betsy was worth it, even if we were all probably going to die.

We continued heading west, through the bitter cold darkness, on unfamiliar roads. The flashlight headlights didn't exactly all point in the same direction, which lead to some intriguing visual light patterns ahead of us. Every time we had an opportunity to choose which way to turn we tried to head in the direction that went the most west, while staying on what looked to be major roads in highways. It was lucky we were making this trip at night, when there were no other cars out, as we didn't stop at any of the red lights or stop signs we came to. It simply took far too long to bring Christie's car to a stop.

When we started heading up into the hills, surrounded by forest, we knew we were heading in the right direction. Between Camp Evergreen, in the Cascades, and Camp Tidewater, on the coast, was the coastal mountain range. We knew we would have to cross this before we hit the ocean.

Betsy had fallen asleep on the back bench. Christie sped through the tight curves of the mountain highway. With every corner, Betsy, snoring, would flop against one door, than the other. I wished I could sleep too, but it was much too cold. I could spot frost on some of the plants along the highway outside. Our camp uniforms didn't provide any warmth or comfort, and of course Christie's car had no heater. Also, I feared that if I fell asleep, there would be no one to make sure that Christie stayed awake as she drove.

We went way too fast into way too sharp of a curve in the highway. Christie pulled on the steering wheel hard, but the car had too much momentum. We skidded into the other lane and Betsy, in her sleep, flopped hard against the passenger door. The string holding the door closed snapped and Betsy flew from the car. Christie, apparently unaware of this, kept driving, having returned us to the proper lane.

“Christie!” I shouted, panicked, “Betsy fell out of the car!”

We're driving at sixty miles per hour, continuing around curves.

“What?” she said, confused.

“Betsy flew out of the car!” I screamed.

“Huh?” said Christie, in a state of confusion, my words were not really making sense to her. Betsy was sleeping in the back. How could she just fall out?

Christie turned and looked at the back bench where Betsy had been. She screamed an impressive string of obscenities as she slammed the car into first gear and pulled back on the two by four with all her might to bring the car to a stop.

By now we had driven around so many curves since Betsy fell out that I wasn't sure I could identify the exact point that we lost her. A million thoughts were going through my head, most of them centered on the extreme likelihood that we had just killed our friend, but I had far too much adrenalin for any of those thoughts to take hold for too long. My focus was just on finding her. We drove back slowly, looking for any sign of her, trying to mentally prepare myself to come around a corner and see whatever remained of her laying in the road.

Finally we came to a familiar corner- A particularly sharp corner on the highway with skid marks from where someone, driving too fast, skidded into the opposite lane. This was, absolutely, the corner that Betsy flew out on. But where was she? There was no sign of her.

On the side of the road she flew out on was a steep ravine. We pulled the car off the road, grabbed a couple flashlights, and started looking over the edge. There she was, several hundred feet down the cliff, tangled in underbrush, unconscious.

We scrambled down to her, relieved to find she was still breathing, but we weren't able to get her to wake up. She strong pulse, so we tried to convince ourselves that she was still sleeping, being ejected from a moving vehicle didn't even wake her up. She was obviously severely battered, bruises and minor cuts all over. No serious broken bones or major cuts as far as we could tell. I was trying to not be too concerned that we couldn't get her to wake up.

With no cell phones, and having not seen a single other vehicle in all this time on the highway, we decided to load her back into Christie's car and try and find a hospital. Even though Betsy was small, less than five feet tall, she seemed to way a ton as we struggled to haul her up, through the underbrush, out of this muddy ravine.

By the time we got her loaded back in the car and started driving, neither Christie or I were a bit tired anymore. We were trying to come up with some sort of story to explain what had happened to her when we got a hospital, a story that wouldn't result in criminal charges against us, or us being fired.

We didn't have long to discuss things when Betsy woke up.

“Hey guys, I'm not feeling too good,” was the first thing she said, her speech slurred.

With that statement she proceeded to lean forward and projectile vomit all over inside the car. It was like someone had turned on a fire hose of puke and was spraying it everywhere. Christie managed to get the car stopped, and we jumped out as Betsy continued being sick inside.

Once she finished throwing up, Christie and I devised a clean up plan. We didn't have much in the way of cleaning supplies. So, we ended up using our camp flag, the one intended to go up Camp Tidewater's flagpole, soaked in Mountain Dew and Red Bull, to scrub out the car as best we could. Betsy was back asleep by the time we were done.

After a while the highway came out to a small coastal town. The odors I was experiencing now were quite interesting- There was the icy sea air, the ambiance of puke, the tangy mountain dew and energy drink combination, and the body odor from both Christie and myself after the exertion of hauling Betsy out of a ravine. We were searching for a hospital when Betsy woke up again.

“How are you feeling,” I asked.

“I'm feeling a lot better now,” said Betsy, “Sorry, sometimes I just kinda get car sick.”

Neither Christie or I explained what happened. We didn't want to take responsibility for nearly killing her.

“We are looking for a hospital for you right now,” Christie said.

“What? Are you crazy?” asked Betsy, “I just got car sick. Lets get to Camp Tidewater and get this done!”

“Are you sure you still feel up to it?” I asked, “You were pretty sick back there.”

“Yes!” she stated, firmly, “I feel fine now, lets do it.”

Christie and I agreed, still a bit unsure, but relieved that Betsy felt fine. We headed north on the coastal highway, keeping our eyes open for any kind of sign that we were nearing Camp Tidewater.

I'm not sure how, but we managed to find it. There isn't a word that exists to describe how tired and cold we were when we finally got there. All we wanted to do was crawl into our warm sleeping bags back at our own camp and go to sleep. But, we were there, and we had a mission.

Immediately, we ran our puke, Mountain Dew, and Red Bull soaked flag up their flag pole. Their dining hall was locked, so we couldn't fill it with the cans of shaving cream we had brought, so instead we sprayed shaving cream all over the outside of the building. Unfortunately, it was starting to drizzle, which washed off the shaving cream almost immediately.

Our plan to tie shut the doors to their bunk houses was also thwarted. We didn't have enough rope to go all the way around the outside of the bunks, and there was nothing to tie the rope off to, so we gave up.

It felt like we failed. We had come all this way, intent on doing this epic raid. The adrenalin was gone, we were frozen, sleepy, and all we had managed to do was run our dirty, stained flag up their pole. Defeated and disappointed, we got back in Christie's car and left.

At the end of their driveway we stopped at the large, wooden, Camp Tidewater side. We figured we could at least do something to it. Perhaps cover it with the remaining shaving cream.

“I need to pee,” declared Betsy, “Let's pee on their sign!”

Excitedly, she hopped out and hobbled over to the sign.

“Damn Christie,” she exclaimed, “I am in serious pain after sleeping in your car. You need to find some way to make those benches softer.”

Neither Christie or I responded, we simply followed her to the sign. Without hesitation she pulled down her shorts and underwear and called at me to point the flashlight at her so she could see what she was doing. As we watched, she peed all over the Camp Tidewater sign. Once she was done she pulled up her shorts, huge grin on her face, and demanded that Christie and I do the same.

I'm ashamed to say that as a hormonal, horny, teenager, I was happy to expose myself in front of these girls. I happily peed all over the Camp Tidewater sign as they watched. Betsy was absolutely delighted. Christie, however, hesitated.

“I don't want you guys to see my pussy!” she said.

“Oh, come on,” said Betsy, “We both did it.”

Christie glared at us, but then Betsy said, “If you don't want to show vagina just piss through your panties.”

“No!” exclaimed Christie, “I'm not going to wet myself!”

“Why not?” asked Betsy, “We won't tell anyone.”

I confirmed that we would keep our mouths shut, no one would ever know but us.

Though still a bit hesitant, it was clear that Christie was so tired she would rather just do it than continue to argue. She walked over to the sign, pulled down her shorts revealing her bright pink thong, then peed through her panties. As soon as she was done she quickly pulled her shorts up over her wet underwear. We then got in the car and made our escape.

We needed sleep. There was no way we could continue. So we pulled into a rest area, snuggled together for warmth, and somehow, despite the discomfort of Christie's car and bitter cold we drifted off to sleep. Even with everything that had happened, the smells, the cold, the exhaustion, the general discomfort, snuggling with these two girls at once was still very nice.

A few hours later Christie woke me up. Pre-dawn light was beginning to permeate the atmosphere, giving the dark sky a very slight glow.

“Wake up!” she said shaking me.

I sat up, startled at her urgency.

“Wake up!” she repeated, “I need to pee!”

“Okay,” I mumbled, rubbing the sleep from my eyes. We were at a rest area, I didn't understand why she was telling me that she needed to pee. Facilities were right there. Despite have a secret pee fetish at this point, my desire to sleep had overcome any sexual interest I had in her peeing right then.

“There are people having sex in the girl's room,” she explained, “They are in a stall fucking, I can't pee in there.”

I wasn't sure what she wanted me to do.

“Can you make sure the guys bathroom is empty and stand guard for me?” she asked.

I would have had to of been a huge jerk not to agree. Quickly, we walked to the restrooms. It was obvious from the way she was walking that desperate. I checked, the men's room was indeed empty. She went in to do her business while I stood guard outside.

When we returned to the car we found Betsy waking up. She too needed to pee, but Christie explained the situation with the women's room to her. Betsy didn't care, she simply opened the door and squatted outside, making a puddle on the pavement. As she did so, she continued conversing with Christie and I, not caring that we were having a regular conversation as she peed in front of us.

We realized that we just barely had enough time to get back to our own camp before the morning staff meeting. If we didn't make the morning staff meeting, they would realize that we were missing, and we would be in tremendous trouble.

Instead of trying to retrace the convoluted route that we took to get to Camp Tidewater, and deal with stoplights and intersections when there was other traffic, we decided to head straight east. That would eventually take us to the interstate, where we could find our way back to our camp without much problem, and without having to drive through too many towns where we would be required to do things like stop at a stop sign.

We were still very tired, but the few hours of sleep we got at the rest area helped a lot. Also, now that the sun was coming up, we weren't quite so cold. The warmth of the sun's early rays hitting my frozen skin was the most wonderful sensation.

It didn't take long at all to get to the freeway. We were making pretty good time. Despite everything we had been through, it was now seeming like we might get back well before the morning staff meeting. With the raid now behind us, and an early arrival back to our camp, I was feeling good that we might actually get away with this.

Suddenly, everything in the car exploded. One moment we were cruising down the freeway, the next we couldn't see anything. The car was full something. There was screaming, squealing tires, honking, I had no clue what was going on.

Somehow, Christie got the car stopped on the shoulder. Soon I figured out the plastic wrap windshield had detached and was now wrapped around my us, but there was also something else going on. There was still a tremendous commotion inside the car. Panicked I looked around, trying to figure out what was happening. There was some sort of animal in the car with us. It was in the back with Betsy and she was fighting it.

Quickly as we could, Christie and I got out of the car and helped free Betsy from her battle. She had been tangled in the plastic wrap with a large bird. Upon freeing them the bird flew off. The three of us were stunned.

Somehow, without seeing it coming, we had hit a large bird on the freeway. The plastic wrap windshield was no match for it, it flew straight into the car. The bird missed Christie and I, but hit Betsy straight in the face. Tangled up in the remains of a windshield, the Bird and Betsy had fought, neither able to get free.

Betsy had a huge gash across her forehead from where the bird hit her. She was bleeding profusely. It was obvious that she needed to get to a hospital. Luckily, we were only a few miles from a decent size city. We had her at a hospital within fifteen minutes, but it was now clear we weren't going to get back to camp before the morning staff meeting.

Christie called the camp to tell them that we were not there and that Betsy was in the hospital. It was too late though, the camp director had already discovered that we were missing. Camp Tidewater's staff, upon waking to see our flag up their flag pole, called our camp director to let him know. Upon hearing this, he went around and discovered his three missing staff members, me, Betsy, and Christie. Our punishment was waiting for us.

Betsy, in addition to the gash in her head, was suffering from a moderate concussion, and multiple broken bones, including a small crack in her skull, three broken ribs and hairline fractures in her arms and her legs. Not knowing that she was ejected from a moving vehicle and down a ravine, she insisted to disbelieving doctors that her injuries were simply from an epic battle with a giant bird. Not wanting to get in more trouble, Christie and I fully supported Betsy's account of what happened.

Finally, we arrived back at our camp, only to be immediately called into the directors office.

“I can't believe you guys,” he said, smiling at us, “Camp Tidewater is one of our council's oldest and most respected camps. For you to show such blatant disrespect for them, and for our camp's rules, sneaking out at night, is completely unacceptable. You set a poor example for the other staff. After conferring with the council's executive director this morning, it appears the only suitable punishment for what you did is to terminate your employment. You may now consider yourselves fired.”

We sat there, stunned, very confused about why he was smiling.

“However,” he went on, “There are now three open staff positions. I will be looking for three experienced camp counselors to fill these positions as soon as possible. With your past experience at this camp, I highly suggest you apply.”

With that, he winked at us and handed us three applications. Ten minutes after being fired we had been re-hired to our old positions.

We never told Betsy what happened. To this day she still tells the story of her battle with the bird. As she tells it, she incurred severe injuries after we were attacked by a giant mutant-pterodactyl-thunderbird, which she bravely battled and saved both Christie's and my life.

Christie and I tell a different version of the story. We talk about the super lame raid on Camp Tidewater and how Betsy got thrown from a moving vehicle. Whatever version gets told, Betsy's, or mine and Christie's, we typically leave out the bits about peeing on the sign. You, dear readers of this post, are the first to know the whole story.

*004*2015-10-30 04:09

{{ 

Damn that story sounds like something straight out of an R-rated comedy! It's sexy and funny as hell, if I ever do write a script for a comedy, i'll definitely try and use a scene like that.

}}

{{ 

I laughed a lot at this story. ..you are a very good storyteller TV guy... peeing was a second matter in this

}}

I'm glad you guys enjoyed it. As you can see, its not really a wetting story, but a story that has wetting in it.

*008*2015-10-30 18:28

{{ 

\increadibly well written, thank you for sharing.

}}

Thank you Rachel! You are extremely kind.

I actually don't think it is that well written. I just wanted to keep it entertaining, but I'm glad you found it well done :)

{{ 

Excellent story, I often just skip to the good part in any lengthy story, but this one I read in its entirety.

}}

Thank you! I'm usually the same exact way with stories on here, just skipping ahead to the good parts. I hesitated to even share this, as I wasn't sure anyone would actually take the time to read it. So I am extremely happy to see that you felt it was worth reading all the way through.

*014*2015-11-01 18:51

{{ 

:D i hope you have more of these stories

}}

Before I started HD Wetting I only had a handful of real life experiences, maybe a dozen at most. I already shared another here

And I covered some things in providing the background to my Disneyland vacation that I wrote about here

.

There are a few reasons I haven't shared other stories. For one, they wouldn't necessarily be appropriate. Many of the experiences I have had were with my former babysitter, talked about in the Disneyland account. Though I know some people have fantasies along those lines, when it actually happens in real life and you don't have a choice in the matter it is a lot different, and very awkward. That isn't to say I was 100% against everything that happened with her. I did like the attention I was getting from this very attractive woman and I enjoyed that we were sharing something intimate. However, she used these things to manipulate me. The ultimate result of my experiences with her was having serious relationship difficulties for quite some time, and severe depression.

If someone is truly interested in those experiences, for reasons beyond simply being into that thing, I would be willing to consider discussing and sharing with them privately. However, to publish those stories on a fetish board where some people would, undoubtedly, use them to fap to, seems very inappropriate.

As far as the few other experiences I've had go, I either feel very awkward about them, or I don't feel that it would be ethical to share them. Awkward because they happened when I was a teenager, and extremely awkward myself. I said and did very embarrassing things. To tell these stories would mean having to dive into my severe adolescent awkwardness, which just wouldn't be pleasant for me. It's much easier for me to share experiences where I was a passive participant than ones where I was an integral part. As far as ethical concerns go, I believe that when I have been extremely fortunate enough to share an experience with someone, they had no intent of me sharing that with the greater internet. What happened was between them and me. To take an experience that doesn't just belong to me, and share that with everyone without the permission of the other person seems wrong to me.

