The absolute best way to experiment with old jeans...

Author: billy75

*000*2013-05-19 18:36

So, I remember years ago, I guess you could say my experiences with this wetting fetish of mine went quite far. I mean, it went far before I even knew that there was even a name for such a thing. And, now that I know what it's all about, I certainly dont feel bad for doing it.

I was still living in this apartment building at the time, and luckily I was home alone that day. The kids were off at school and it wasnt quite time to pick them up yet. I had been dealing with the youngest one and her potty training, as she wasn't quite getting the concept down of when she needed to go. It was always the thing of holding it in until she could take no more and letting go in her pants, but not wanting to use the bathroom in fear of missing something on tv, or just not wanting to stop what she was doing. It would never be a big spot or anything, but enough to where it was noticeable at some point.

Anyway, while remembering what I was going through with her and the potty training, I recalled a similar incident from pre-school--yes, I remember back that far for some reason--where this girl was getting picked up for the day by her grandfather, and most days, she had completely peed her pants. I then recalled one day where this one girl had asked the teacher if she could go to the restroom because she needed to pee, and the teacher denied her even though she couldnt sit still. Moments later, she wet herself right in her desk, and she went a lot!

Why I still remember those things, I'll never know. But, strangely enough, in my much older days, recalling those events were huge turn-ons. And, while I had the house to myself, I wanted to experience something right then and there...plus, I was on the horny side and needed to release in more ways than one. So, I went to my closet and found an old pair of black jeans that I no longer wore anymore. I got out of the jeans I was wearing that day and put the black jeans on. They still fit, but I just didnt wear them anymore. Once I had them on, I closed the shades and locked the doors, as to avoid any intrusion. 

As excited as I was, I could barely catch my breath from the excitement. I then went into the bedroom and stood by the bed. I knew I had to pee before leaving the house later, but I wanted to have some fun before leaving. My member was hard at the moment so I had to calm down a bit so I could really enjoy the experience. Once I had calmed down, I went ahead and did it. I peed all over myself and the pee had made a puddle on the floor beneath me. The black jeans were soaked and it felt so good....so liberating. When I was done peeing, I unzipped my jeans and pulled out my member. I began stroking it with enough attention to climax in what had to be like a minute or two, in what felt like the best pelvic stretch known to man.

When it was all over, I pulled off those jeans, bagged them up, and headed to the shower. Once I got dressed, I tossed the jeans in the dumpster outside, and tried to remember if there any other jeans that I no longer chose to wear anymore. Matter of fact, I think I have some now I need to toss out. Hmmm...

