Female Desperation/Wettings at the Bar (series with regular updates) - Page 3

Author: freepostage

*051*2013-07-08 01:06

{{:

You always post good stories. I don't suppose you have anything in your journals with wettings do you?

}}

I don't know what you mean. I've posted some experiences of wettings (accidents). What are you asking about?

*053*2013-07-08 04:08

I haven't caught many actual wettings from the bar, but have seen a few aftermaths and such. I will go through and see what I can find, I tend to post my favorite ones first.

*056*2013-07-12 04:32

Wet Bottoms: Here are some aftermaths I have seen after leaving bars, although these aren't all from this specific bar, some are just bars in general.

# 1:

A woman that was walking in front of me in faded black skinny jeans and a black corset top. I never saw her face but she had on heels and a head of big, beautiful dark brown curls that had a lot of body. She was obviously drunk, stumbling a bit and walking barefoot, holding her heels. She was with a guy that had his arm around her and was helping her get down the street. The back of her pants had an obvious wet patch in a very large circle, and there were streaks of pee down her leg. It looked as though it might be drying, but her jeans were so dark it was difficult to tell, you could just see that some material was wetter than others and it was in an obvious accident, not a drink spill.

# 2:

There was a young girl with X's on her hands, so I assume she hadn't been drinking alcohol or if she had it was pre-gamed. She had dirty blonde messy hair with bright red lips and heavy eyeliner that was smeared. She looked like she may have been crying because her mascara was smudged a tiny bit down her cheeks. She was wearing hot pink leggings with a black crop top. Her flat stomach was visible and she looked to be about 5'6 with wedges on, so probably 5'2 without. She was pretty tiny and had a dark wet spot on her crotch that was also at the top of her legs. It didn't seem like a full blown accident but maybe some pretty heavy leaking when she was waiting in a long line. She may have also started having an accident and squated down in an alley way to finish up, I'm not sure. I didn't get to see her from behind, but she had a really intense camel toe from her leggings. I don't think she had panties on underneath.

# 3: A girl with dark black hair that was cut into a Cleopatra-esque bob was crouching down in an alleyway behind a trashcan, in a position I assume she was relieving herself in. It was too dark to see her puddle but when she stood up and walked back out the crotch of her light wash jeans had a wet spot on them and the back had a saucer sized circle. I'm assuming she was trying to reach a bathroom and couldn't keep her bursting bladder contained and rushed to the alley a little too late, wetting herself before she could pull down her pants. There was also a little bit of pee on the bottoms of her jeans, near her ankles, probably because she wasn't positioned perfectly.

# 4: I was on the subway in a different city around 4 am, where bars closed around there. Bathrooms are difficult to find in this city and a woman standing in front of me, blushing terribly, had completely wet herself. She was wearing a red skirt with black tights and a black top. She was of Asian decent with long dark hair and a lot of blush with fake eyelashes. There were streaks of pee down her legs and a little bitch of a wet patch of the front of her skirt, leaving me to believe she was holding herself when she couldn't hold the dam back anymore.

*058*2013-07-15 03:04

This is one of my ultimate favorite bar experiences but I wanted to wait until I had a decent amount of readers as well as had the energy to type everything up. I will try not to keep it too long, but it's a great story:

This event was supposed to be held at a sorority house on campus but the house had a bed bug infestation and the girls were all bunking and staying somewhere else while the house was fumigated. It was hazing period and because the school was banning usual hazing (heavy drinking, paddling, etc) and the girls didn't have a house to clean they had to be creative. The bar's fought over who would host the sorority night and while several ended up running specials, ours decided to do free cover for all the girls, half cover for any guys, and two for one shots. The sorority girls were also given a stage that is generally reserved for the DJ and the DJ set up camp upstairs so the girls could dance and do whatever they wanted. I wasn't in a sorority but I did pop by every once in awhile to see what they were up to.

Their supervisor was there and she would not allow the girls to drink very much alcohol so they were pretty bored and didn't know how to properly haze and decide who was hardcore enough to be in the sorority. When I was up there I "playfully" suggested they have a drinking contest and whoever could go the longest without peeing could be in the sorority. They needed two new girls and five were trying for the spot and one of the head sister's decided she liked my idea. She had actually heard of a college doing that contest before and thought it was a good idea. It was decided the girl's would each drink one shot, one glass of water, and two glasses of soda every half hour. The girl's all emptied their bladders first to make it even. I couldn't stay up there with them but I watched the lovely ladies from below. Unfortunately I got pulled away for personal family reasons for the first hour and a half and the entire time I was dying wondering what was going on up there.

When I came back two girls had failed out and only three were left. The two that had failed looked dry so they obviously made it the toilet in time but must have rushed there, unable to hold it. An accident counted as losing as well. The three left were two blondes and a brunette. The first blonde was wearing a pink v-neck top with a breast cancer support ribbon and white skinny jeans with a pink headband. Her hair was curled at the ends and she looked very preppy. The brunette was wearing a baby blue button up top with white hearts on it with pale blue trim and a pale blue skirt. Her hair fell halfway down her back and was smooth and straight. She had very large eyes and looked as though she was wearing false eyelashes or had eyelash extensions.

The second blonde didn't seem as preppy and had beach wave hair that reached her breasts and dark red lipstick. She was taller, maybe 5'10, and was wearing flat shoes with dark wash jeans and a sparkly black top. All of them were fairly thin with small breasts. By this point it was almost the two hour mark and the girls were each taking shots of some clear alcohol. At this point pink headband blonde had her skinny jean legs crossed tightly together and was jiggling up and down a bit. The brunette had her legs pressed tightly together but seemed rather composed. Baby blue skirt blonde was uncrossing and recrossing her legs, but would stop when she noticed people were looking at her.

Time passed, maybe thirty minutes or so, and I watched each girl grow more and more desperate. The brunette was sweating and her pin straight hair was becoming frizzy. Her cheeks were flushed and she was leaning against the wall with both legs crossed rather tightly. Pink headband seemed to be the worst off of the three and was bent forward with her legs crossed, occasionally sneaking a hand into her crotch and then bringing it back out. Blue skirt blonde was bouncing up and down, then standing so still I thought she was about to have a full blown accident, then start to bounce again. The senior sisters were loving this entire contest and cackling and taking pictures with their phones.

The sisters occasionally tickled the girls but for the most part spectated. It was time for more drinks but the head decided no more alcohol so each girl was just given a glass of water and a glass of soda. I imagine their bladder's were stretched to the limit now and I was impressed how much these tiny girls could hold inside of their bladders. The sisters seemed to get bored of watching the squirming and decided to step up the game. I couldn't hear the instructions with all the background noise but based on their movements, all of the girls had to stand with their legs apart and each senior sister would spank one of them hard on the bottom one time.

The brunette was up first and she uncrossed her legs with much concentration on her face. The first sister came up and spanked her, and she cringed and doubled over, but popped back up and remained her composure rather well while the next girls went through. I don't know how many sisters there were but maybe nine or ten? I didn't bother to count, I was too enthralled with the desperate ladies in front of me. The baby blue skirt was next and when she put her legs apart she immediately put them back together.

One of the sister's pried them open and on her third slap slammed her thighs together, bent over, and held her crotch hard. Light blue skirt sprinted off to the bathrooms and I watched her urgently disappear into the bathroom. I saw her later and her skirt was dry but I'm not sure about her panties. The last but not least was the blonde with the pink headband. She was now holding her crotch with both hands and while it was only down to two and I figured they were both winners, the sisters kept the girls up there to finish the spanking. On the first spank the blonde put her thighs back together, but quickly spread them apart after a dirty look. By her fifth spank, a look of terror fell over her face and she crammed a hand into her crotch. Her face was a bright pink and I wondered if she was going to sprint to the restroom when it happened...

The beautiful blonde with her pink headband had a full on accident! I could see urine spilling over her hands and down the legs of her white jeans, turning them translucent A waterfall poured out of this poor girl, her aching bladder not being able to hold all of the alcohol, pop and water. Her pee pooled around her and she continued to let the torrent go as the brunette bolted past her to the bathroom, obviously winning the contest. The blonde continued to wet herself and when all of the pee was done leaving her body you could make out the pink underwear she had on underneath. The sister's cackled and laughed, and took pictures, trying to humiliate the blonde, but she was all smiles. Her bladder was relieved and she had earned her spot in the sorority house. The brunette returned and when she walked up the steps I did see a tiny wet patch on the back of her jeans.

*061*2013-07-17 15:43

{{:

So you've been holding out on us huh? Wow, there's nothing better then a holding contest. Thanks for bringing out the big guns.

}}

No problem. I can't spill all the good ones at once!

*063*2013-07-20 20:12

For those who like deliberate wettings or wettings without humiliation:

This was Halloween weekend at the bar which wasn't actually on Halloween but celebrated by all of the clubs and bars in the area early. There was a two day Halloween fest and the costumes were anywhere from generic store bought to pathetic home made to absolutely incredible. There were multiple contests held by the local bars and live music in the streets, which were blocked off from cars driving through with barriers. I have a couple of wetting experiences from different years from this event since booze was a plenty and sometimes costumes are difficult to get out of.

I had come dressed up with two classmates, Tara and Becky. I had done both of their hair and make up since these gals were on the nerdier side (I was a software engineer major so some of the ladies in that course were on the nerdier side and not the best with hair and makeup.) Tara was wearing a cat-woman latex suit that she rented from a costume shop and it was incredible.

The mask would annoy her face so I found her a tattooed on lace face mask that was basically a face tattoo that went around her eyes and put on long fake eyelashes with dark red lips. Tara was about 5'6 with size A cup breasts and a very small waist with wide hips. The outfit looked wonderful on her and she paired it with black knee high leather heeled boots and I did her dark brown hair in big barrel rolled curls. Becky was a fairy and I had painted tiny flowers around her eyes and down her cheeks.

She had long straight baby blonde hair, untouched by dye so it was very healthy but kind of thin. The day before I braided it so she had loose waves and I pinned in fake flowers and leaves. She had on a light pink corset with a light green tutu and light pink tights with ballet flats. Her wings were light green and sparkly and really wide set. Becky was 5'1 and on the bustier side with pale skin and light green eyes. Both were in their early twenties and were a little older than me.

Tara and Becky were nervous and a little shy because they weren't used to dressing so scandalously but I assured them they looked fantastic, which was proven by how many free cocktails men were bringing over for them to drink. I won't lie, I was given some attention as well by the fellas since I decided to take advantage of the one day a year I was allowed to be sexy and was dressed up like Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's with the long cigarette and long pearls. I had on a low cut black dress that clung to all of my curves and showed off some leg with a high slit and pumps.

Before long all of us had a full bladder and needed to fight through the crowds to relieve ourselves. Cops were everywhere so ducking behind an alley wasn't an option so we tried my boyfriend's bar first to see an enormous line. There were portapotties outside that weren't as crowded so all of use waited patiently and used those, although we were all pretty desperate by the time we got the chance to let go. Tara complained her outfit with a back zip was almost impossible to get out of and she had a really difficult time getting it down, but was grateful she didn't wear underwear (too tight; there would be panty lines) because it would have been more of a struggle to get them off.

We continued to drink and fought our way to the restrooms multiple times throughout the night. The drunker we got the more we needed to use them with greater frequency, which seemed to happen to everyone else as well. We stopped off at a bar and waited and waited so long Tara was crossing her latex clad legs so close together and jumping up and down.

Becky was also cross legged and making desperate faces and moaning sounds. We all shared a handicapped stall and Becky went first, her outfit the easiest to get out of. Tara was begging me to help her so I was trying to unzip her costume but the zipper was stuck and I couldn't get it down. Once Becky was empty we changed positions and I peed out my full bladder while Becky fought with Tara's zipper. Tara had both hands between her legs and was hopping around, making it all the more difficult for us to unzip her costume.

Other desperate ladies were begging for the bathroom so Tara finally said "fuck it" and sat down on the toilet and peed through her costume. At first there was just a hiss of pee and no sound in the toilet because the latex material was almost water proof and seemed to be keeping the pee inside of the costume and running down her legs until there was too much for the costume to bear and her pee started trickling into the toilet, then building a steady stream. Tara finished, wiping beads of sweat from her forehead, and didn't seem at all embarrassed. She wiped her costume up with a few paper towels and confirmed a lot of the pee had drifted down to her upper thighs because of how tight it was and the material. Lucky for her since her costume was so dark and the type of material it was it didn't look too obvious she had peed through it. The only downfall was she had to buy the costume from the shop.

When we were leaving the bathroom a girl was peeing shamelessly in the sink, her bee costume pulled up and her fishnets and black panties pulled down around her ankles. Some older women looked disgusted and she kept yelling at them to fuck off and that she hadn't peed all night. I don't know if this was true or not but it turns me on to think she had been bursting all evening, searching for a bathroom in her tight bee costume.

Another update from a Halloween weekend (not the same one as above):

I wasn't drinking this year; I was underage and also was getting over a cold so I knew alcohol wouldn't mix well with my anti-biotics. I didn't stay long, I had just shown up to see the costume contest and give my boyfriend a kiss over the bar while he worked. I was about to leave and go home when I saw a woman dressed as a devil with a red push up corset, tight red pleather short shorts, and devil horns with red lipstick and red glitter eye makeup sitting on a bench. She had short to medium length black hair and looked to be maybe late twenties or early thirties. I only noticed her because she had her shorts slid down and was leaning forward, blocking her crotch from being visible.

Through the bench she was letting go of a full bladder and a cascade of pee fled down through the slats of the bench onto the ground, forming a decent puddle. She kept looking up, paranoid, but only me and two guys seemed to be watching her. I watched the sidewalk beneath her pool with pee until her puddle slowed down and she was finally done. One of the guys came over to her and knelt down, blocking her from view as he helped her up so she wouldn't expose her crotch to everyone on the street. She seemed to be blushing as she thanked him and walked away, but I imagine she really had to go if she was willing to risk such an exhibitionist stunt in front of a large crowded street. I actually saw a video of something similar on this site a few days ago (a cute girl peeing on a bench) and it reminded me of this story, so I hunted it down to post. I didn't realize peeing on benches was so common and I would love to see it again.

*064*2013-07-23 00:23

This is just a quickie:

I was actually with Trixie (the best friend from one of my other posts) and we were walking back to my place. This was the summer time, she was 19 and had peed at the bar. before we left She was wearing her hair in spiral curls and had on cat-eye vintage makeup with a black polka dot dress with a petticoat underneath. She had on red patent leather pumps, which I remember because they clicked on the sidewalk every time she took a step. We were halfway to my place when she said she needed to pee really badly and was going to find an alley way to pop into. She had pre-gamed at my place prior to going out and I hadn't been drinking and just took an anti-anxiety pill so I could feel good.

Anyway, she tried to stop in one alley but there was a group of guys there smoking so she continued on and was getting rather fidgety. She finally found a good place behind an old shop so I kept watch while she let go of her bladder and sighed. She didn't have anything to wipe with so she used her red thong, took them off and put them in her purse. I decided to pee as well and was about to squat down when Trixie yelled at me to stop because someone was coming. 

I walked out from behind where we were and there were two cops guiding an obviously drunk girl down the street. She had on a tight blue pencil skirt that was really short with a white halter top. She had natural red hair that was really messy and her mascara was smeared. Down the back of her skirt was obvious pee stains in a saucer sized circle that then ran down in two or three streaks. The wet stain ended there, so I imagine she had spread her legs a bit to let go the rest of her pee. 

She was staggering as the officers drug her, so I imagine she was probably so drunk she wet herself while in the handcuffs and couldn't hold it until she was back to the station. The front of her skirt had the tiniest bit of a pee stain on it, but not much damage.

