My sightings

Author: jeromeft

*000*2015-03-17 10:42

Hi everyone I have been a lurker for a few months now and have decided to share my sightings to contribute to this wonderful community. I have decided not to reveal any names as i wish to keep all those involved in the story anonymous. I am not a good writer so please bear with me and do advice me on how I can improve it.

There was this short and slim girl in my class, a very petite girl with long straight hair. She was about 1.5m tall, maybe 40-45 kg. She was 20 at that point of time. It was her birthday, so we (a group of 4 girls and myself) decided to go with her to a restaurant at the mall near our school as we had a 2 hour break before the next lessons. The restaurant provided free flow of drinks for all students and the 5 of us drank about 5 jugs of water and drinks. I did not notice anything until we were walking to the bus stop, heading back to school. The birthday girl was walking very stiffly, and suddenly she said "I need to the toilets and its getting quite urgent" a few other girls said they have to pee as well. This got me very aroused and I paid special attention to the birthday girl after she said that. None of them know about my fetish.

While waiting for the bus, we sat on the railings as the seat at the bus stop were badly vandalized and was nasty. During the whole wait she mentioned a few times about how bad she needed to pee. saying things like "I'm very urgent already" and "I really need the toilet" We could not help her situation and could only encourage her to hold on until we reach back to our school. After about 20 mins the bus arrived and we chose to sit near the exit. She sat quietly, not speaking to anyone, double crossed her legs and looked very worried for the whole journey which took about another 20 mins. I sat across the aisle from her. Halfway through the journey I asked her how she was feeling, she just said that she cant hold much longer and was bursting. As I mentioned she was a very small sized girl, I could see that her bladder area was slightly swollen.

She was the first one to alight and she started walking very quickly towards the direction of the nearest toilets. The distance was about 400metres from the bus stop to the toilets. We were finding it very difficult to keep up with her pace but we tried our best. during this time she turned and hurried us twice. as we were reaching the toilets, she half walked half ran into the toilets and I went to the gents as I had to pee as well . The girls came out of the toilets, she looked relieved but stayed silent, I thought maybe she was embarrassed having been so close to peeing herself.

I later asked if she was alright and if she made it. She blushed and said "I almost didn't make it, it was coming out" One of the girls later told me that once entering the toilet, the birthday girl immediately undid her pants while "rushing" to the toilets. Her pants were at her knee level with 1 hand holding onto her vagina as she closed the door. Pee came gushing out through her hands onto the floor for a few seconds before she peed a torrent into the toilet. The other girls came out of their stalls, she was still peeing. That showed how much she was holding.

This was one of the hottest things I have heard as she was clearly so close to peeing herself in school, imagine a 20 year old desperately holding onto her bladder when she was clearly at her limit.

Unfortunately I did not see her desperate again and have graduated from school. This is my first post and will continue to post my other sightings here in this topic, please give your feedback on how I can improve my writing.

*004*2015-03-20 10:54

This next sighting occurred when I was hanging out with a very close group of friends, 3 guys and 2 girls. We had all graduated from school and this was a meet up to catch up with each other. We decided to get some snacks and drinks from a local convenience store and go down and have a lil picnic session by the river. we bought We were all 21 or 22 at that point of time.

A little background on the girl who was desperate has long black hair, she has an amazing body, a pretty face and looks just like a model. On that day she was wearing a black romper which showed her long sexy legs. She is an owner of a retail store at a mall and has AMAZING bladder control, she could work all day in the store and not visit the toilets all day til she closed her shop at the end of the day, she told us fact this herself.

We had our picnic and by the time we decided to head home, it was 1 AM. We had been there since about 8pm. We all visited the NASTY toilets before we left the place, except for the girl who would become the desperate one. She was contemplating weather she should use the toilets there, she said she was "urgent" but could hold it until she reached home because the toilets were really really disgusting. One of the guys drove so he was gonna fetch us all home. I was sitting up front with the driver and the other 3 were sitting at the back. The other guy alighted first after a 10-15 min drive. After he alighted, the desperate girl started talking about her need to pee. She was gonna be the next to alight, so all of us comforted her and said that she should be alright since she said she could hold it earlier. The drive to her place would take about 20 mins, during this time she sat crossed legged.

Suddenly we hit a mini "traffic jam" it was really odd as it was past 1 AM. and we were expecting close to no traffic at all. After 5 mins we realized what we were caught in "a police road stop". The police were checking for drunk drivers and illegal licenses for every vehicle. We crawled along. The desperate girl was in total agony and complaining about how unlucky we were to be caught up in these checks when she was "in a rush" those were her exact words. I jokingly replied that this was a test for her "super bladder". She replied "every thing has its limits and im going crazy!" At one point she even suggested that she couldn't hold on anymore and wanted to alight and pee beside the car. We would her it was a bad idea as it was illegal and police were around.

After 20 mins it was our turned to get checked. The police allowed us to go as there was nothing wrong and we resumed our journey to the girls place. This road stop delayed us by about 30 mins and it certainly was a long time for my friend who was "urgent" almost 1 hour ago! She was now sitting with her legs locked together and her hands were frantically grabbing her vagina, her fingertips were white from the grabbing. It showed how much force she was using to help her hold her pee.

We arrived at her place soon and she rushed out of the car and ran towards her apartment across the road. She had to stop on the road divider for a few seconds as there was a car moving on the opposite side of the road. She crossed her legs and her hands were grabbing her vagina, she was slightly bent over. We drove off immediately so I only had that few seconds to witness that scene.

I texted the desperate girl a bit later that night, asking her if she was alright, she replied that she was dying and she had a little accident at home. She said was grabbing her vagina "all the way home" , in the lifts she was tempted to remove her romper and pee but decided against it as it would mean she have to strip. She said she started to leak while unlocking her door to the apartment and it started out leaking but it was getting faster and more. She ran as fast as she could to the toilets before tearing off her romper desperately before exploding into the toilet. She also said that the bottom half of her romper was "a little bit wet". But I suspect it was more that "a little bit"

As I was very close to this girl, I could be open and ask about her desperation. But of course, I did not dare to take 1 step further and ask for pictures as I didn't want to ruin my friendship with her.

I hope you enjoyed this sighting as it happened on a very hot friend and even thinking about this sighting makes me aroused.

*009*2015-04-02 10:07

This next sighting happened to the same girl as my second post, my hot model friend. This happened in Bangkok, Thailand. The group of us consisted of 3 guys and 3 girls. We were there to celebrate our graduation. She was 19 at that point of time. On that day she was wearing a light blue spaghetti stripe top with hot denim shorts with slippers.

If some of you have been there before, it was a place of street food, street shopping, and a few malls here and there. We had countless bottles of fresh juice that was sold on the streets. It was already evening when she first mentioned about her need to pee. We were out in the night markets, these night markets were on the streets with no bathroom facilities. It occurred to me that we (everyone in the group) had peed at least twice throughout the day while she had not been since we left the hotel in the morning! We continued walking the streets but back towards our hotel. It was probably about a 30 mins walk but with lots to see and explore we didn't complain. She became panicky and started complaining about here bad need to pee.

As we approached the hotel, she said that if there was a bush or tree, she wanted to use that as a cover for her to pee. I was shocked as we were so close to the hotel now. I could see that she really couldn't hold it much longer as she was very fidgety and kept rushing us to walk faster.

We encouraged her to hold on and finally reached the hotel. She had 1 hand holding onto her bladder area which was swollen now, suddenly she said "help me hold all these" and threw her shopping bags at me. She then made a half sprint half hobble towards the hotel lobby toilets, both her hands now near her crotch. The toilet was a single unisex cubicle as we stayed at a smaller hotel due to our budget. To her horror the toilets was being washed, there was a lady mopping the small cubicle with a few bottles of soap and other stuff all over the toilet. She apologized and told us to use the toilets in our rooms. My friend started to panic now and grabbed her vagina really tightly and had her legs tightly crossed.

The toilets were located right beside the lift area and we immediately took the next lift up to our room which was on the 5th floor. The hotel was quite a budget hotel so there was only 1 lift and it wasn't moving very fast. In the lift she was saying things like "im dying" and "I really cant take this". We all went to her room as I was holding her stuff. Once she entered the room, she began undoing her shorts while walking to the bathroom which was maybe 10 steps away.

We all could see her panties which was white and she tried her best to close the toilet door before throwing herself on the toilet bowl and released a strong gush of pee. She didn't close the door fully and it was half ajar. We guys tried to move away out of the view to be polite to her but I already saw most of what had occurred. I managed to see her pull down her white panties and cute buttcheeks before she turned around. I saw pee gushing out from her vagina for about 2 seconds before I moved and couldn't see anything.

Her stream seemed endless and it was so powerful like a fire hose. She definitely peed over a minute of strong gushing before coming out exhausted and slightly embarrassed. She finally released a days worth of pee. And I think it was around 2 litres. That is a very huge amount and she truly had great bladder control to be able to hold that amount of pee. She was clearly at her limit and was very close to giving up a few times.

*010*2015-04-02 10:28

This next sighting happened to me while I was on a holiday in Taiwan. The desperate lady was probably in her 20s she was Asian but had her hair dyed brown/golden. Something in-between a blonde and brunette. She was wearing a tight fitting round neck t shirt which had 3 quarter sleeves. She was wearing a black tight fitting cotton skirt and black leggings underneath. The weather was cool that day, about 15 degrees Celsius and it was raining the whole day. (this probably explained her dressing)

The area was a night market area and toilets was a rare sight in these night markets. I headed to a convenience store to use the toilets which I spotted as I was walking. I thought I better use it as there wasn't much toilets around. As I was about to enter, the desperate lady rain pass me and headed towards the direction of the toilets. This immediately got my attention. The toilets were located at the back of the store and it was a single unisex cubicle. I saw her dash in and had a shock expression, before coming outside of the toilet. There was a guy in there who was using it and the lock was faulty. She in her rush, ran into the toilets without realizing someone was in there.

She had her hands on her vagina, her legs were closed together and she was bouncing up and down. I just looked at her and gave her a sympathy smile. Soon enough the guy came out apologizing for the faulty lockand she immediately rushed in without acknowledging him(probably due to her desperate state) As the lock was faulty, she couldn't close the door properly but the gap was very tiny. I couldn't see anything from this gap but it was enough for me to hear pee splashing on the ground and then immediately into the toilet. Her pee literally exploded out of her and it went on for at least a minute. She then took 5 more mins before emerging avoiding and eye contact with me. I was wondering what took her so long.

As I entered. I saw a very small puddle between the door and the toilet bowl, the front of the toilet bowl was also covered in pee. I suspected that she had lost control once she entered the bathroom and started peeing before she could reach the toilet bowl. As to why she took so long after she peed was because there wasn't any toilet paper! she couldn't clean up the mess nor her vagina! I bet she was wondering what she could do to clean herself and the puddle up but gave up as there wasn't anything she could have done.

*011*2015-04-13 03:14

This next sighting happened on a school trip, we were teenagers then. I was very lucky to witness this girl desperate 2 times in a day!

There was this slim girl, she had long brown hair, average height and a very attractive figure. I cannot remember what exactly she was wearing that day but she definitely had a pair of tight leggings (black) on.

The flight was about 6 hours, she sat beside me on the plane, she took the window seat, I took the middle seat and another guy took the aisle seat. That wasn't her original seat, it was supposed to be another guy at the window seat but she asked the guy to change seats with her as she wanted to have the window seat for the view. During this time, I had taken the opportunity to talk to her more as we have not really spoken much to each other despite being in the same school. I found out that this was her first time on a plane and leaving the country. As we talked more, she mentioned that she should have peed before we boarded the plane, this was probably 2 hours into the flight.

There was a bit of turbulence at that point and the fasten seat belts signs was on. She was worried and asked if passengers were allowed to leave the seats when the sign was on. I told her it was best not to but if she needed the toilets badly she could get up and explain that it was an emergency. She replied that she would wait until she couldn't before doing that. I tried to continue talking to her but she seemed distracted by her need to pee, she was crossing her legs tightly and was quite tensed. After about 1 hour, the signs were turned off she immediately asked me to move to let her out, me and the guy both stood and allowed her out before she ran to the toilets. When she returned she said "thank god, I nearly gave up and was gonna get up and ignore that stupid sign".

That was the first time I saw her desperate. She only peed once during the flight.

When we reached the airport, it took probably 1 hour or maybe a bit longer for everyone to get through immigration and get our luggage and things like that. There was a delay for our busses and we needed to wait for about 30 mins before the busses arrived to bring us to our hotel. This whole time this girl did not use the toilets at all, her last pee was her desperate pee on the plane. The journey to the hotel took about 2 hours because there was some traffic.

When we had reached the hotel, the teachers were busy talking with the hotel stuff and getting the keys to our room and stuff and told us to stay at the lobby and not move around. We were at the lobby talking to each other and she said "I hope we get our rooms soon so I can pee" I asked her if she was desperate again, she replied " yes, I cant believe how unlucky I am today, I don't usually get urgent so often" I told her to look for the toilets at the lobby but she said she didnt wanna disobey the teachers instructions.

After about 20 mins the teachers gave us our room keys and as expected everyone crowded the lift area waiting to go up. There was 4 lifts for about 80 students ! I found that she was on the same floor as me but our room numbers were quite far apart. I offered to help her carry her luggage up as we were on the same floor. There were many other students ahead of us and we took about the 6th or 7th lift! While waiting she said "omg, please hurry, I really need to pee"

When we got to our floor we headed to her room first, and we found out our rooms were actually opposite each other! The keys were those you slot the card into the door and then remove it and wait for the green lights to appear before the door would unlock itself. She was probably in a rush to use the toilets that she removed her card too fast, she failed to open her door times. She was saying "please work" and crossing her legs bouncing up and down on the spot. I offered to try mine and I was successful on my 2nd try. She immediately rushed into my room and dashed into the toilets, slammed the door and peed a torrent into the toilet. I could hear her pee from the outside and it was a really long and fast stream! She came out sighing and said "I was almost losing control of it" I just smiled and said "Wow that was a lot of pee and glad you made it" After that I helped her into her room across mine.

Unfortunately I did not see her desperate again during the rest of the school trip but I did managed to see a few other girls desperate. I will post them when I have more time. Hope you guys enjoyed my sightings

*015*2015-06-09 06:02

Sorry for not posting recently as I was busy. The next sighting im about to write occurred during the flight back from a school trip (the same school trip as the one above) it happened to a very pretty girl. She was the girl next door type with a very pretty face. Almost every guy in class found her attractive and many of them tried to date her. However, she was the shy type who was quiet unless you got close with her. I was in the same class as her for 2 years before the trip and we were very close with her during those days, so we were pretty much hanging out with a small group during the whole school trip. On that day she was wearing a huge shirt, something like a coat but it was denim shirt material, it covered to around the middle of her thighs, she wore a pair of black leggings, and boots.

It happened on the flight back . The plane had 9 seats in a row, 3 on the left, 3 in the middle and 3 on the right, I was seated in the middle row of the plane, I had the aisle seat. She was seating across the aisle. The flight was about 6 hours and her desperation only started 4 hours into it. about 15 minutes before the 4 hour mark, I noticed she glanced towards the toilets located behind our seats, I didn't say anything and I just suspected that she wanted to use it. However, there were some people queuing up for it. so I guess she decided to wait until the line got shorter.

5 minutes later we hit some turbulence and the seat belts sign turned on, the flight attendants announced that everyone should remain seated and those in the toilet queue were instructed to get back to their seats. We continued chatting and she casually mentioned "I need to go to the toilets" . This is at the 4 hour mark where I started to pay close attention to her. Knowing her personality, she wouldn't say that unless it was getting really uncomfortable. We just comforted her and said that she could go once the sign was off.

The seat belt sign remained on for a very long while. The turbulence was very bad, it was on and off. Every few minutes we hit turbulence and then awhile later we would hit another wave of turbulence again. This went on for more than an hour! during this time, my friend spoke less and less and her facial expression became worried. I imagined that she was already very uncomfortable 1 hour ago, she was getting into a really bad state now! She mentioned about her need a few times during this 1 hour but we couldn't do anything to help her. She grew more and more fidgety and kept crossing and uncrossing her legs.

About 30 minutes later, the sign was turned off and naturally there was a mad dash for the toilets! I would like to think that there were a few desperate passengers (especially those who were already queuing but were told to go back to their seats) She got up from her seats and joined the queue for the toilets but our seats were a good 10-15 rows away from the toilets, she was near the end of a very long line. At first she stood crossing her legs tightly, after awhile she began to pee dance and was bending her legs frequently.

About 10 minutes later, the captain announced to prepare for landing, some people decide to leave the toilet queue but most stayed to wait for their turn. After maybe 10 minutes, the captain announced that we were going to land and turned on the seat belt signs again! My friend was still behind about 5-7 people for the toilets! To my friends horror, the flight attendants told everyone to go back to their seats!!!! My friend pleaded desperately with the attendant saying that she had been waiting for a long time and it was becoming an emergency. The flight attendant apologized and said that she was just doing her job. My friend had no choice but to return to her seat.

I started to sympathize with her as I knew she was really close to her limit, she sat quietly and crossed her legs tightly, after a few minutes she was bending forward and she was grabbing her bladder/stomach area. She kept telling us how bad she had to pee, how 'urgent' she was , and how she feel like she was gonna burst. Fortunately for her the plane descended and landed without any delay. while the plane has landed , the pilot instructed for all passengers to remain seated until the plane moved to its gate and has stopped. During this time she had her hands in her vagina, her legs were crossed very tightly.

She started to glance towards the toilets and asked us if she could get up and pee. I told her that she would likely to be told to sit down and wait, but if "you really cannot take it anymore, you could try" She got up and rushed towards the toilets, But the flight attendant saw that and got up from her seat as well and blocked the path to the toilets, telling my friend to get back to her seat and wait til the plane as stopped moving. My friend pleaded again and was refused again , defeated my friend just came back to her seat. She then grabbed her vagina and resumed crossing her legs again and she was trembling! Her face grew very pale and thought she would lose it right there! she couldn't even speak properly. I put my hands on her shoulder and tried to comfort her. she said these exact words "Later there better be nobody ahead of me , if not my bladder will really burst"

When the plane finally stopped, she was the first to get up and moved as fast as she could to the toilets, thankfully for her she was the first one and came back looking very relieved.

After we got home, I texted her if she reached home safely. I took the chance to ask her about her desperation, she said that it was her worst pee experience and it was her only time she didn't knew if she could hold it and in her words "first time I was really losing control of my pee". She said when she first told us she needed to pee , she was already 'urgent' so from that point she held another 2 hours! She also admitted that "a few drops leaked out" and made me promise not to tell anyone.

I have seen her desperate in other times but i'll post them another day, there are also a few other desperation sightings during that school trip.

*017*2015-06-21 02:00

This next one is not really a sighting, more of hearing about 2 girls sharing about being desperate on long bus rides

It all started at a class gathering, some of the guys wanted to drink and started playing drinking games. A few girls (they were more of the 'good girl' type but ive seen them drink, just not very often) who probably didnt wanna drink that night gathered around for some 'heart to heart talks'. It soon turned to the topic on 'your most embarassing moment'. This is where the first girl shared her story.

She was on a tour in china with her family. Her family was very interested in asian culture and decided to go to china. It was winter and very cold, they went to a chinese restaurant for lunch and being freezing, my friend helped herself to some hot soup and lots of tea. The next stop after lunch was 3 hours, about 15 mins into the journey she needed to pee again (despite just peeing at the restaurant before they left) she held it until the 1 hour mark where she was 'very urgent' and admitted to her family. She realised that the next 2 hours was gonna be a very very long 2 hours for her as she already needed to go very badly.

She managed to hold on for another 30 mins, but by then she 'couldnt hold it any longer' and she was crying uncontrollably. She said she didnt even know she was crying, and her tears were probably from the pain and frustration. She decided to pee into a plastic bag which she had from buying some food earlier. She and her mum moved to the last row of the bus which as 'fortunately empty' she started peeing 'the longest pee of my life' while her mum held up the bag for her. She added thats in her panic, she had forgotten to draw the curtains and a few guys outside of the bus saw he peeing!

The second girl then said 'i know how you feel, ive been it that situation before it was the worst experience of my life'

The first girl replied 'yes its a very painful experience'

The second girl replied 'yes, it was like the bladder was really gonna burst!!' And with that she started sharing her experience.

She was on a tour in the US. The tour bus she was on had a toilet at the back of the coach. Unfortunately at the start if her tour, the guide had explained and apologised that the toilet was faulty and could not be used. She stopped for dinner at some restaurant with a buffet. This meant that drinks were free flow and she drank 'alot'. She did not say how long she held her pee. But when it was 'unbearable' she asked the tour guide when the next stop was, he told her that it was about 45 mins away.

She told him that she couldnt wait that long and asked him if she could used the toilets on the bus. He apologised and said that it was faulty, and he cannot open it for her. She went back to sit and held it for another 10 mins which she claimed 'bladder was really gonna burst' she then told the guide that it was either the faulty toilet or a wet seat on the bus. The guide reluctantly opened the toilets for her and she peed 'like a tsunami'. The toilets were indeed faulty as it couldnt flush and there was a huge pool of her pee in the toilet bowl. 'I was afraid it was gonna splash on me' she said.

These 2 stories really made my night at the class gathering. Especially the first girl as she gave the details and timing of how long she held and everything. I hope you guys enjoy this 'hearing' just as much as i did

*019*2015-06-21 12:41

Thanks for your positive feedbacks, if you guys feel that i can improve my writing somehow, please do let me know. And if you have any questions (more details, i may have left out) please feel free to pm me and ask me there :)

*021*2015-06-24 18:45

I have, unfortunately I have only actually only witness 1 wetting so far. I will write about it soon :)

*022*2015-07-11 18:43

This sighting happened to the same friend as the plane desperation. The one who got turned back by the flight attendant twice. She was very pretty with long black hair, on that day she as wearing a school polo t shirt (red) and biege shorts.

It was on the same school trip to hongkong. It was one of the 'rest days' and we werent really 'studying' anymore. We were at the night markets. For dinner, we had it at a chinese restaurant and the tea was refillble, i did not notice how much she drank. After dinner we could decide to follow the bus back to the hotel or we were allowed to explore around ourselves and go back to the hotel by ourselves. My 'group' decided that we would go exploring and left after dinner. We found the famous 'ladies market' and explored th area there. She bought a huge cup of 'buble tea' which was just milk tea with some 'pearls'. After walking the night markets and looking at all the interesting stuff, she said "i shouldnt have drank the bubble tea, i need to pee". From my previous stories, i said that toilets were a rare sights at these markets and it is the same for this market as well.

Knowing her character, she wouldnt say this to us if it wasnt urgent. We said that we would continue walking for abit more and look for toilets on the way, if we still couldnt find, we would just go back to the hotel. She reluctntly agreed and from then, she wasnt herself anymore, she seemed only interested in looking for a toilet and was very distracted. She wasmt talkign much anymore and wasnt her cheerful self.

We walked the surrounding areas for maybe, 30 mins and we still couldnt find a toilet, the others were very distracted and interested with the unique stuff and they didnt really pay attention to the desperate girl. It seem almost like they forgot that their friend needed a toilet. or maybe they didnt think it was too serious as the girl had not said anything about needed the toielt after the first time. I decided to 'stay' with the desperate girl and show concern. Being the 'only one' really caring for her at that point. She told me that she was really urgent and wanted to go back to the hotel ASAP as she didnt think that we would find a toilet nearby.

I comforted her and told her that there sure has to be a toilet nearby as this was a famous tourist attraction and also the shop owners definitely needed a toilet nearby to them. I asked her to ask the shop owners where the toilets were. She said that she had asked 'a few' and they told her that there isint one. I guess they werent helpful or didnt want public to use 'their toielts'?

She was really in a bad way and was gripping my arms very hard. She was pee dancing openly and she normally would try not to let others know about her need , so she must have been bursting. By now, i really felt sorry for her and wanted to help her. She was really panicking now and i was the only one still 'accompanying' her. I spotted a police officer/security guard. I decide to be her 'hero' by asking if there was a toilet nearby. He showed us a building nearby and pointed up. I told the rest that we were going to the toilets and we would find them around the area once she was done.

I helped her carry her bag and other stuff and she was walkign very quickly towards the building. She decided against taking the lift saying that climbing the stairs would be faster, we ran up the stairs (as fast as she could because she was really in pain and could really run very fast). We reached the toilets but it was locked! She was really panicking now and was almost crying. she bended her kness inwards and keep fidgeting. I told her that its okay and we can try look around on the third floor. She replied "its not okay, i really cant take it anymore!"

We went to the third floor and the toilets were open. She rushed in, and came out looking very relieved and tired. She said "i have never peed so much before!" when she was taking back her stuff that i was helping her hold. We went back and rejoined the rest of my friends.

In case im confusing you, this sighting happened before her airplane desperation as her plane desperation happened on the way back home.This and the airplane sightings are the only 2 times i witness her really desperate! Although i have 'heard' her say she was desprate during an exam and once we were released, she ran to the toilets, and in her panic she entered the guys toilets, she ran out and ran into the ladies toilets. but that was more of an 'embarassing story' we would laugh at her. Also, i didnt know why i wasnt really 'aroused' anymore and wanted to help her. Maybe she was too pretty and i sort of 'fell for her' at that meoment. But nothing happened between us and we ramained good friends :)

*023*2015-08-04 07:36

Sorry that I have not posted in awhile... ive been really busy, I will post a few more of my sightings real soon when I have more time :)

*024*2015-08-08 19:25

Hi guys this is a very short sighting, indont remember much but i'll do my best to recount.

It happened to my aunt. She can be considered a milf at that point in time. She was in her 30s. I was only maybe 12 years old? Cant rmb exactly as it was so long ago. She eas wearing a red tshirt and tight fitting black jeans

That day she was supposed to come by my place to drop of some stuff for my parents. She was a little late than she said she would arrive. I was watching tv when i heard the door bell. I opened to her with her hands in her vagina, she said 'please hurry, i need the toilet' she began pee dancing.

I took the keys and 'acted' that i drop them just to delay her a little bit. She was panicking now and already had her sandals removed. She was barefoot outside my house her hands grabbing her crotch. It was such a hot sight!

I opened the door and she ran to the toilets , she closed the door without locking it, i stood near the door to try to 'hear' her pee. It was loud and fast.

When she came out, she explained that she took half day off her work. And handnt peed since leaving the office. She went to a exhibition fair where there were many booth selling all kinds if things and bought a few things. She bought some stuff for my prents and was gonna drop them off at my place. She had already needed to pee quite badly when she left the exhibition fair. She said the toilets had a long queue, almost 30 mins long! The journey by cab to my place was about 10 mins so she decided to come to my place instead of peeing first, bad mistake. She had spent nearly 20 mins with a full bladder frantically trying to get a cab as the place was crowded and very messy. She finally got a cab and ended up barely making it in time. She said in the cab she was so worried about not making it.

This sighting happened very quickly probably in 1-2 mins but it was very hot! Dont you agree?

