Pee on the first date?

Author: joseaberry

*000*2013-02-21 03:51

Ok so from my last story i left you off with Jane, shes thin, with dirty blond hair, blueish green eyes and owes me a date...well these are our stories and ill fill you in on the gap.

Janes had this wetting fetish as well way before we met...its kinda funny that two wetters should actually find each other and not tell each other straight out that they have the same fetish though when i said to her i did not mind...she actually thought not that i liked it but that accidents do happen...so any way to continue where i left off...at the carnival we both swapped numbers and the next few days i got texts asking when i was free, well it was summer so pretty much all the time except when i had to work...

Lol any ways we picked a day where she and i were to have dinner...now i don't know about you guys but first dates are kinda the best...you look the best and you act the best...any ways we had planned to go to a dinner and then a movie so we went to olive garden and got our self situated and seated. i was wearing a suit, black coat white shirt with red tie and of course black pants, she was wearing a black short dress with a red bow that went across the mid drift area and trust me she was gorgeous, her hair was up in a tight bun and it made her look stern but those eyes, they were the gate way to the heavens.

So we were eating away and enjoying the sodas when i had the urge to pee...i excused my self and went to the restroom...public wetting was never one of my things...so i came back to the table jane and i started a conversation based on the events that took place the night before...we call it the accident lol any ways she asked if i had ever peed my self on accident..."well of course i replied i mean it happens to the best of us, right" she said ya i guess...she stared at me as if she wanted to ask something but it was stuck in her throat...there was a pause in her staring she was thinking hard and then i asked everything all right, she smiled and said ya...she said the fallowing, " can i ask you something?" Me: ya sure what is it....her:

"what would you think of a person that deliberately pees them self for fun and gets off on it"....i almost chocked on the food i was eating thinking to my self holy shit she seriously just went there she noticed the almost chocking moment as soon as she asked that question i stared at her, she was turning as red as her bow was, i said " my thoughts of that person would not hinder on the facts of what they like and dont like my thoughts hinder more on the persons character and the way they present them self's, i reached out and grabbed her hands and gave her the softest tone of voice i could and said if i new a person that liked to pee them self's for fun and enjoyed getting off on it i would simply say more power to them for finding something that they like she took my one of my hands and held it for the remainder of the dinner/

As we were getting towards the end i noticed as she was getting up she was tense, i asked if she was ok...she said yep smiled and said thanks for the dinner, i smiled and said no thank you for the company, shall we go to the movies? "yes we shall was her respond so off we went. when we got to the theaters there was a short line, we had missed the show time for the movie we were going to see but she insisted we see a movie that had been out inn theaters for a while. we walked in to the theater and it was empty, she and i made are way towards the back, as she was walking i noticed she was hopping off one foot to the other i asked again are you ok...you dont have to pee do you, she said umm kinda but i can hold it, in my head i was yelling oh ya baby this is gonna be fun, on the out side i simply said well if you need to go just let me know ok, she replied with ok.

There were two other couples that came in...they ended up sitting all the way in the front. well as we all know when were teens we tend to have a high sex drive...or at least some of us do...i know she and i both did, the movie started and i was more focused on that short dress of hers, in finer detail it was more of a suede fabric with silk lining, her legs had dark stockings and her 3inc red high heels were a great addition. as the movie progressed so did our touching my hands went north and south over her legs raising her skirt enough to tease me to an erection. we made out a little here and there then i noticed she shifted her weight, she was facing more towards me and she took my hand and guided it to her inner thigh.

She was biting the lower lip and both of us knew what she wanted so with out care i slid my hand up her thigh and the first thing i noticed was she was hot and wet down there, the panties what ever they were had been soaked by a long shot, i started rubbing the front of her panties and we started making out, i eventually gave way passed the panties and stuck to of my fingers into her vagina...fingering her slowly, she had one hell of a grip on my arm as we kept as quite as could be.

Her nails dug in to my arms as i found her g spot and literally used as much as my energy as i could to keep my fingers moving quickly over it, she let out a silent moan that was drowned out by the bass in the theater, her hands found there way in to my suits pants and she found my cock and started stroking it...she with out warning went down and started sucking on my cock by this time both my hands were to my side trying to keep me from moaning....this lasted a little until i found grounds to get back under her dress for revenge fingering her as best as i could she out of no where froze, looked at me lifted her self off the seat ever so slightly allowing my hand to be directly under her and she sat back down, now shes sitting on my hand i dont have access to fingering her.

Her dress no longer underneath her but more around her she looks at me and says i have to pee, with that i felt a hotness run from under her panties to my hand, and she was peeing i kept my hand there rubbing what ever my had was against...she just kept peeing and it was audible too, i could hear the hisssssing sound that it made...i was up for round two with another erection, her wetting went on for 2 mins and when she stopped i gave her the most passionate kiss i could give she mounted me and we fucked for the remainder of the movie nice and slow when the movie ended well...we had finished we got up i checker her rear she was fine looked dry as did i, we walked out and she peed a lttle bit more before we got into the car. another great night and by then we both had made our points that we liked each other and each others fetishes

*002*2013-02-21 05:49

Lol...ok will do

*005*2013-02-21 16:51

{{ 

You did it again! :p

Here is is fixed up a bit, I'm on vacation, and getting pretty bored.

At the carnival, we both swapped numbers, and the next few days, I got texts asking when I was free. It was summer, so pretty much all the time, except when I had to work. We picked a day for us to have dinner. I don't know about you guys, but first dates are kinda the best – you look the best, and you act the best. Anyway, we had planned to go to a dinner and a movie, so we went to Olive Garden and got our self situated and seated. I was wearing a suit, black coat, white shirt with red tie, and of course black pants. She was wearing a black, short dress with a red bow that went across the mid drift area, and trust me, she was gorgeous. Her hair was up in a tight bun, and it made her look stern. But those eyes – they were the gate way to the heavens.

So we were eating away and enjoying the sodas, when I had the urge to pee. I excused myself and went to the restroom (public wetting was never one of my things.) So I came back to the table. Jane and I started a conversation based on the events that took place the night before. We call it "the accident." She asked if I had ever peed my self on accident.

"Well, of course," I replied, "I mean, it happens to the best of us, right?" "Yeah, I guess", she said. She stared at me as if she wanted to ask something, but it was stuck in her throat. There was a pause in her staring. She was thinking hard, and then I asked, "Everything all right?" She smiled and said, "Yeah. Can I ask you something?" I replied, "Sure, what is it?". She asked, "What would you think of a person who deliberately pees themselves for fun, and gets off on it?" I almost choked on the food i was eating, thinking to myself, "Holy shit, she seriously just went there!" She noticed the almost choking moment.

The moment she asked that question, I stared at her. She was turning as red as her bow. I said, "My thoughts of that person would not be hindered by what they like and don't like. My thoughts depend more on the persons character and the way they present themselves." I reached out and grabbed her hands, and in the softest tone of voice I could, I said, "If I knew a person that liked to pee themselves for fun, and enjoyed getting off on it, I would simply say, 'more power to them for finding something that they like.'" She took one of my hands and held it for the remainder of the dinner. As we were getting toward the end, I noticed as she was getting up that she was tense. I asked if she was okay, she said, "Yep," smiled, and said thanks for the dinner. I smiled and said, "No, thank you for the company. Shall we go to the movies?" "Yes, we shall", she responded, so off we went.

When we got to the theater, there was a short line. We had missed the show time for the movie we were going to see, but she insisted we see a movie that had been in theaters for a while. We walked into the theater and it was empty. She and I made our way towards the back.

As she was walking, I noticed she was hopping from one foot to the other. I asked again, "Are you okay? You don't have to pee, do you?" She said, "Umm ... kinda, but I can hold it." In my head I was yelling, "Oh yeah baby, this is gonna be fun!", but on the outside I simply said, "Well, if you need to go, just let me know, ok?" She replied with "okay." There were two other couples that came in. They ended up sitting all the way in the front. Well, as we all know, when we're teens, we tend to have a high sex drive (or at least some of us do). I knew she and I both did. The movie started, and I was more focused on that short dress of hers. In finer detail, it was more of a suede fabric, with silk lining. Her legs had dark stockings, and her 3 inch red high heels were a great addition. As the movie progressed, so did our touching.

My hands went north and south over her legs, raising her skirt enough to tease me to an erection. We made out a little here and there, then I noticed she shifted her weight. She was facing more towards me, and she took my hand and guided it to her inner thigh. She was biting her lower lip, and both of us knew what she wanted, so without care, I slid my hand up her thigh and the first thing I noticed was she was hot and wet down there. The panties (or whatever they were) had been soaked by a long shot.

I started rubbing the front of her panties, and we started making out. I eventually gave way past the panties, and stuck two of my fingers into her vagina, fingering her slowly. She had one hell of a grip on my arm. We kept as quiet as could be. Her nails dug in to my arms, and I found her g-spot, and I literally used as much as my energy as I could to keep my fingers moving quickly over it. She let out a silent moan, which was drowned out by the bass in the theater. Her hands found their way into my suit's pants, and she found my cock and started stroking it. Without warning, she went down and started sucking on my cock. By this time, both my hands were to my side, trying to keep me from moaning. 

This lasted until I found grounds to get back under her dress for revenge, fingering her as best as I could. Out of nowhere, she froze, looked at me, and lifted herself off the seat, ever so slightly allowing my hand to be directly under her. She sat back down. Now that she was sitting on my hand, I didn't have access to fingering her. Her dress was no longer underneath her, but more around her. She looks at me and says, "I have to pee." With that, I felt a hotness run from under her panties to my hand, and she was peeing. I kept my hand there, rubbing what ever my hand was against. She just kept peeing. It was audible, too, I could hear the hissing sound that it made. I was up for round two with another erection, her wetting went on for 2 minutes, and when she stopped, I gave her the most passionate kiss I could give. She mounted me, and we fucked for the remainder of the movie, nice and slow.

When the movie ended, well ... we had finished. We got up, and I checked her rear. She was fine, she looked dry as did I did. We walked out, and she peed a little more before we got into the car. Another great night and by then we both had made our points that we liked each other, as well as each others fetishes.

}}

Okay, so you made your point. How is it though, that your on vacation and this bored? Also i did not think i actually wrote that much, thanks though.

*008*2013-02-21 19:30

{{ 

I don't know, I've been doing nothing for like 4 days. Yesterday, I made a rubber band ball, organized my drawers by color, and updated the ingredients list for various foods on Wikipedia. I'm completely out of things to do.

}}

Where, may i ask are you staying?

{{ 

Great story, you are very lucky :)

}}

Thank you

*010*2013-02-22 21:50

She was awesome, im more of a person that brings shit to the table you can either take it or leave it. She was more outgoing then i was, but none the less we still had a shit load of stories.

