Kinda told my boyrfiend this morning

Author: Vickypee

*000*2011-09-02 16:11

So after talking to some other girls here i decided i wanted to bring up wetting with my bf (i'll call him Joe on here but that isn't his real name) and this morning i got up the nerve to do it. we were already planning to meet after my 8 am class this morning and have some alone time back at my house (parents at work) before he had to go to work this afternoon. so i drank a lot of water this morning before and during my class and by the time class was over i did have to pee pretty bad. we decided to leave his car on campus and just take my car and i'd drop him back off before he had to go to work.

So we get into my car and i'm driving and i do need to pee pretty badly but i wasnt like bursting desperate or anything but i wanted to see his reaction so i acted like i was really desperate anyway. i bounced my legs and acted distracted and he asked if i was ok. i told him i really needed to pee. he said oh ok. i kept driving and kept acting desperate and put my left hand into my crotch to hold myself and started saying how desperate i was and how i needed a bathroom really soon or i'd wet myself. Joe said he was sorry but i could tell he was watching me, especially my hand in my crotch. he likes to watch me masturbate so i think that was part of it?

So i keep holding myself and complaining and we get back to my house. after i stop the car i hold myself tight and bend forward and say i'm not sure if i can get up without peeing. joe says he'll help me get out of the car so he comes around and opens my door for me and helps me out. i hobble to the front door still holding myself bending forward a little and fumble with my keys a little to open the door. i look and his pants kind of look like he's enjoying it if you know what i mean.

I start to unlock the door and fake a little gasp and squat down a little and say i almost peed that time. joe takes the keys and opens the door for us and lets me inside. we head down the hall to my room and i drop my purse and he sits on the bed while i head into the bathroom. i shut the door, looked at myself in the mirror, almost not believing what i was doing, then i gave a push and let out a two or three second stream of pee into my panties and jeans before cutting off the flow. i gasped and cursed loud enough that i hoped joe would hear. then i pulled down my clothes and sat on the toilet to finish actually peeing. my jeans were wet in the crotch and down the left thigh about six inches and two or three inches down the right thigh and some on the butt. just what i was hoping for a small accident but noticable. i wiped and flushed and pulled my pants back up and washed my hands.

I opened the door enough to peek my head out and joe was still sitting on the bed and he asked if i was ok. i said kinda. he asked what was wrong. i said i didn't quite make it. he asked what i meant. i opened the door a little more and stepped out into my room and said i kinda peed my pants some before i made it. his eyes got a little bigger and we both were blushing and my heart was pounding. i kinda spread my legs and looked down to examine myself deliberately so that joe would see the wetness. i turned around so he could see the back and asked if it was bad. he said it wasn't too bad. i turned back around and said i'm so embarrassed i'm sorry.

Joe stood up and hugged me and said it was ok not to worry and kissed me and i kissed him back and we started making out more and he started feeling my chest and then i grabbed one of his hands and shoved it down to my crotch and pressed it against the wet jeans and said touch me. he started rubbing and i could feel his erection against me. in no time we were having great sex! yay!

When we were finished and laying there i asked him if he was really ok that i had an accident. he looked at me and said yeah. i said it felt kinda kinky. he laughed and said yeah it did. i asked if it turned him on that i wet myself and he said a little i guess. he asked what i thought and i said it kinda turned me on a little, too. it was a little awkward still though between us.

So we cleaned up and i changed and drove him back to campus so he could get to work and i came back home, put on my the already wet jeans and panties, stood in my shower, peed in them, rubbed out another orgasm, and came on here to share the good news. i thnk i'll try to bring it up again this weekend and see how he reacts but i'm very hopeful that maybe it turns him on too! woo!

Sorry if that was too long or too graphic B)

