Marking what's mine

Author: dodedrea

*000*2013-11-30 05:49

###

Skip down to my tale if you want to skip my little omo-introduction for myself.

###

Now, let me first explain. I know my interests border insane, but I thought as a fairly accepting community I should at least post. I am usually the dominant one in a relationship. I believe my pull to omorashi is more so due to its emphasis on submission (probably relating back to some weird power struggle or something, I try not to delve into that excessively). I've had two different individuals assist me in exploring this newfound passion and discover my sexuality. I have provoked countless (consentual!) wettings with previous girlfriends and really was able to learn more about just what urged me in my sex drive.

Know that I am primarily a spectator, I have had a few holdings myself, but only one has ever intentionally led to a full-fledged wetting. Even the one I had left much to be desired, helping me discover I was more interested in watching and interacting with someone than doing it myself. Of course if I was with someone who enjoyed me doing it, I would oblige, but personally it's not really my thing.

I find myself decently into pet-play, much more of a furry/feral aspect than S&M. Not so much as far as bondage is concerned, think more along the lines of a classic neko-maid. Submissive and loyal.

My one previous relationship helped me to really forge my likes and dislikes for this, with a graviation towards pet shaming, forced wetting, and marking. Extremely strange, but yes.

###

It had been a particularly difficult week in my life, resulting in a physical drain that sapped my energy. I was more of a hermit the past couple of weeks than the usual tame social life I have. I was overrun by stress and anxiety and wanted to take an entire weekend day and just relax. I felt the urge early in the day that I wanted to do something out of the ordinary to jump start myself. With already a dull pressure in my bladder, I knew I wanted to give wetting a second shot.

I knew ahead of time that I still had a lengthy time until I was full, so I set to drinking juice and water while occupying myself with the TV. I live alone, so there was no need for privacy or timeframes (Both a blessing and a curse). Over the span of the next few hours, I felt the tension begin to increase. Once every few minutes I would gently press down on my bladder, just to feel my body cringe and that wonderful pressure. I began to gingerly and lightly scratch up and down my legs as I felt the liquid really start to well up inside me. At this point in time, I still was unsure of what I wanted to do. With my bladder filling up quickly, I knew I was running out of time and had to make a decision fast. My entire body was soon tingling with excitement as to how this was going to occur. The pleasure beginning to spread throughout my body, trying to forumlate just how this was going to happen.

Initially I shifted back and forth on my couch, the nearing full balloon in my body ready to burst. I could hardly refrain from a few strokes across my body to ease myself into what was to come. I was going to run out to my car to get my phone when it dawned on me. I had an old sweatshirt that was starting to really fray and was well past its expiration that I was going to get rid of. My plan seemed to fall into place within seconds. I would mark the clothing as mine before disposing of it.

It was a bizarre idea, but in the heat of the moment it was enough to further persuade me. I was feeling particularly feral and abandoned all of my clothing, freeing my tense bladder from my boxers. It was challenging not to squirm on the spot as soon as all of my clothes were gone. I added my thick and lush tail and ears (Closet furry, don't judge) and had to contain myself from all-out losing it. The strain and sensation volted through my body, making my hair stand on end. The strong feeling of dominance began to course through me and my bladder was nearly at a breaking point.

For fear of losing it before my ultimate end, I quickly grabbed my clothing and threw it haphazardly onto the floor. My entire body had heightened sensation and even a graze of my arm sent shivers all over. Any simple movement made me painfully aware of just how much I was holding. I felt a warm dribble escape beyond my control and knew it was time to set my plan into action. My body at this point was begging me to release and my breathing grew steadily heavier. A second spurt dripped to the floor, so I position myself on all fours near my soon to be soaked piece of clothing. While on my hands and knees, I lifted my leg over my clothing and completely relaxed. With no invitation needed, the pee started to flow out of me.

The first burst of the warm liquid shot out onto the sweatshirt, immediately darkening its green fabric. The sound of it hitting the thick cloth was making my arms begin to shake. I peered down as it quickly saturated the fabric, showing every sign of damage that I was unleashing on it. Unrelated to petplay, I began to pant as my tortured bladder continued to empty itself over the discarded sweatshirt. I was holding for long enough that it had lost its yellow color and was rather clear. It started to pool around it, the visuals driving my senses crazy. In a quick movement, I repositioned myself on top of it, making sure to soak every inch of it I could. The relief of my throbbing bladder was paradise. The pressure began to fall off and my body yearned for contact. I simply stood there on all fours for a moment afterwards, taking in the amazing feeling my body was having.

I won't go into details what happened after that, but it was definitely an eventful evening. I might update this with more detail, I just wanted to get the basics down in writing first.

*002*2013-12-04 01:53

{{: 

Quite enthralling

}}

It was a strange experience, but wonderful at the same time? I don't know, it's difficult to explain.

Also, I feel strange for it : I

*004*2013-12-06 02:57

{{: 

As a fellow semi furry (I don't dress up, but I do enjoy it... See Chester in my avi;)) and domme (I own one cat girl, and also a dog boy...) never be ashamed of being either. Thank you for the marking story, it's a view I hadn't thought of yet and may try to play with in the future!

}}

Thank you very much, even a place as accepting as this site is I still felt strange posting this after it had happened.

I guess we semi-furry dommes need to keep things in line. : }

