My Next Video: Choose Your Own Adventure - Interactive - Page 2

Author: Gregg

*025*2012-09-22 21:18

All right, here it is. I think this one came out pretty nice. Unfortunately the puddle didn't show up as well as I'd hoped, but I think the rest went pretty well. It's quite a bit longer than my previous videos.

I got to learn some new video editing techniques. I used a mosaic effect after I realized the name of my trash service provider was printed on the front of my recycling bin. At first I tried to only blur it when I wasn't standing in front of it, but near the middle when I'm dancing all around in and my legs keep moving back and forth in front of it, I gave up on that and just left it blurred for the remainder of the video.

I hope you all enjoy it.

Untitled7.flv

*028*2012-09-23 14:01

Thanks to both of you.

I think I would have preferred a wetting too, but well... rules are rules. Although I'll admit, I was excited by the prospect of just doing it on the floor. It's not something I'd ever done before, and it feels almost as "naughty" as going in your pants. It doesn't feel as physically pleasant though...

*030*2012-09-24 04:50

{{:

I had one summer where I would walk around in a skirt and no panties almost everyday, and just sneak-pee everywhere.

}}

I've said it before, but girls' ability to do that makes me so jealous...

*032*2012-09-25 04:09

If I was a girl with a skirt and no panties I could pee standing too, so I think that negates that advantage...

