Watering the lawn

Author: Barry

*000*2015-12-01 22:36

This week I've been trying to repair some areas of lawn, and I've spread some seed and erected an anti bird net around a patch of ground. I have to keep a lot of water on it, so I've been watering it twice a day. I'm usually up quite early, around 5:30, and I've been watering it about 6:30am before I have a shower and wake the kids up.

I started on Sunday morning. I had been up for a while, and drank 2 coffees. I hadn't peed yet, so decided to go outside for a smoke, and pee then. Once there, I realised I had to water the new lawn seed I'd only put in on Saturday. I was wearing a pair of black satin boxer shorts and a white t shirt and a pair off white ankle socks. I finished my smoke, hooked the hose up and turned it on, then walked over the grass to the netted area, and started to lightly spray water over the new seed.

As I sprayed the water, I was aware of how badly the running water and occasional off spray blowing at me was increasing my already large need to have my unreleased morning pee. I was starting to squirm around, and was enjoying the feeling of desperation increasing quickly as I stood there.

At that hour I was completely alone, so I was able to indulge in some super exaggerated holding techniques without any fear of being seen. I started squeezing my willie with my left hand, crossed my legs at the ankles, bent at the waist with my legs crossed, and did as much pee pee dancing and marching on the spot as I wanted to.

I was probably at about 8.5/10. I needed to pee really badly, but I was in no danger of having a real accident. But it was nice to pretend though, and as I watered the lawn, I continued to squirm around and really get into the mood. The 2 coffees were working through me, and the running water was exaggerating my need a lot.

I saw a puddle forming on the ground in front of me, so I stepped forward into it, and the cold water started to trickle over my feet, soaking my now dirty white socks. That really hit me, and I felt a sudden twinge of real urgency, like for just a moment I really came close to losing control.

I had put enough water down, so I didn't have the time to stay and play desperation games and prolong it, but I had decided by then that I wasn't going inside with dry pants on now! I relaxed the hold on my bladder, thinking I'd see if I could relax for 5 seconds without leaking. I lasted 1. As soon as I let go, a large squirt shot into my left hand, which was still clamped tightly to my crotch in an unashamed act of pee dancing desperation.

I only squirted, but it was a decent one, and satin doesn't absorb much, so it only soaked the part I was squeezing with my hand, and some just ran straight down the leg holes without soaking in. I gasped, and tried to feign surprise, even though I was only acting for myself, I still was trying to make it feel as realistically accidental as I could.

I looked down at my clasping hand, and removed it to inspect the damage. As soon as I let go, I peed again, this time unexpectedly. My hand clamp must've been trapping some in there, and as I let go, it just ran out. I watched as pee streams started dripping down onto my socks, which were already soaked from standing in the puddle.

That was enough, I spread my legs and just let go. I peed like a racehorse right into and through my boxers. It formed a small arc out the button fly, and my legs were soaked all over. I just stood there and emptied myself for at least 25 seconds.

I stayed outside for maybe 5 more minutes, then just hosed my legs and feet off, removed my socks, and went through into the laundry, where I dried with a towel and put my wet but now hosed off socks in the laundry basket. Easily explained by the watering if my wife asked. I left my shorts on, as they didn't show a wet spot up anyway even if I bumped into one of the kids up unexpectedly early, and my wife was at work. I took them off and hid them in my wardrobe to dry, which they do in a few hours in there.

Every day I've done this, only now I take a clean pair to the laundry first, so I can change into dry pants before going back inside. I've used the same black shorts everyday as they don't look wet if someone should happen to surprise me, and I've had some of the best outdoor desperation play ever.

They say "Dance like no ones around," and that counts for pee desperation dances too. It's amazing to just relax and potty dance around completely uninhibited outside, but then completely wet my pants full on, and just enjoy it.

It's 6:35am now. I'm about to go and water my lawn.

