Relationship, sex and how to talk about pee

Author: Wardrobe24

*000*2012-10-03 08:54

So I've been thinking whether I should talk about it here, but I think I should - not only for the insights the people here might offer me, but also as some sort of encouragement to other people, which I know I myself would have been glad to have not long ago.

Mind, this is mainly about relationship, sex and the embarrassment of talking about it. In the end, you'll see why I posted it here, but don't expect anything in the way of desperation or wetting.

So anyway.

Firstly, I think a bit of background information is in order. I'm a male from the Netherlands, 20 years old, and have been "into" desperation and wetting since I was about 13. Not for myself - I tried that but it didn't really do anything for me - but just for watching it in other people.

For about 3 months now I've been in my first relationship ever, with a wonderful girl, 23 years old (yes, she's well over 3 years older than I am). About 2 weeks into our relationship, we had sex for the first time, and have been greatly enjoying doing so most every week (we live 200km apart, so we only see each other in the weekends). Last weekend, we actually "talked" about it for the first time - both of us fighting against the ear-burning, eye-watering forces of embarrassment, as we're both quite shy.

Anyway, we talked about what we'd both "like". It turned out both of us had been watching internet porn and masturbating with that for a long time - something which is surprisingly embarrassing to talk about, even when you're aware of the number of people who do this (for our age category, roughly 70% of males and 50% of females do so on a regular basis. I was kinda surprised too when I came across those numbers!).

She admitted she was interested in trying different "positions". The fact that she already found this to be so hard to talk about wasn't really lifting my spirits, but I value honesty higher than non-awkwardness, so I admitted my own "interests" as well. With some questions from her side, the whole story came out - how I looked up my first picture purely out of curiosity ("How do girls do that?") and discovered how arousing that was. She assured me she wasn't freaked out at all, and was glad I felt safe enough with her to be honest about it.

Anyway, yesterday we started talking about it again (on facebook, which turns out to be even harder than when you're actually facing each other). She told me she was feeling curious about "trying out my interests", as she put it. We talked some more, and came to a sort of deal - we'd both think of something we'd like to try out the next time we see each other, and just tell each other bluntly (we agreed that trying to be subtle was only confusing, and we didn't want any misunderstandings). So, we did. She wanted to try having sex with her sitting on my lap (so we can actually see each other's faces, which is surprisingly hard when you're lying on top of each other), which I have no trouble with trying.

In return (and now you see why I posted this here) I told her I'd like to see/feel her pee her panties (when she asked me "...feel?", I really would have liked to die instead of having to answer "by hand"). It was very difficult actually saying so, but we agreed we would be honest - also, if either of us don't like it, we'll just tell each other.

Anyway, come sunday we'll see each other again. The nerves are practically killing me, though in a good way:p. I'll try and share what happens then, though it might well be a few days later, when I've got a better hold on it myself. Until then, I'll try and answer any questions you have.

*003*2012-10-08 19:16

Allright, so here's my update, as promised.

A long story short, it didn't work. It turns out my girlfriend is very pee-shy, and despite standing in the shower together for quite a while, she simply couldn't get anything out. Although I was prepared for something like this, and didn't mind at all, she was very frustrated. She was actually quite curious about the whole thing (we talked a lot about it, before actually trying (and failing) this morning), insisted she didn't think it to be weird or gross at all. She even did her own research over the week, and told me her first reaction to what she found was, "Does that really exist?". To be fair, she only found the wikipidia article on urolagnia, which, though it's technically accurate, has all the sex appeal of a dead horse, so that wasn't really surprising.

Anyway, she promised she'd try again some time on her own - she studies psychology, and knows perfectly well why it didn't work now. Toilet training is a strong thing, but once you get the "knack" there's nothing hard about it. And the fact that, while the two of us were in the shower, there were people going about the house, wasn't doing much to ease the spirits either.

I am confident that we will at least succeed in trying. We agreed that if either of us don't like it in the end, we'll just accept that. For those of you who are curious, we also tried the sex-on-a-chair thing she proposed, which turned out to be really good, and will definitely happen again some time.

Once again, questions and/or remarks/advice are welcome.

*005*2012-11-01 20:20

Ok, it's been a while but I feel I should keep this up a bit.

We've tried a few more times, with success now. The first time after my last post, we were at her place and her mother wasn't home. It still took us about 10 minutes of standing still in the shower, but then she actually managed her first spurt. As it turns out, me touching her down there when she's wet a bit is very arousing to her, so we both really enjoyed it. She only managed one more spurt, so after we left the shower she really rushed to the bathroom.

Talking about it later on, we both agreed strongly to try it again the next day, and also we agreed that I would now try it as well. It turned out to be quite hard for me as well, though I did manage a wee bit. Again, we both really enjoyed it.

Over the bext two weekends, we kept trying. One time, at her place, I actually managed to let everything flow, which was really great for both of us. Last weekend, she actually peed a bit with my hand between her legs (both times before, she said she wanted to try that, though it didn't work then). Also, one time we tried holding it from about 2pm, and went into the shower around 10pm. I wasn't really in trouble, but for the last hour she'd been crossing her legs, and told me that, by the time we went to the shower, she had to go really bad. Actually hearing those words, instead of reading them, is very hot.

We plan on trying a few new things still: wetting in jeans, and a "real" holding session, probably both at the same time. We've also tried a few new "positions" (still don't know if that's the correct term and cba to look it up). We're a lot more at ease talking about such things now, which really helps. I'm still amazed at how fast everything went, how exciting it all is and how much there is about these things I didn't know.

