Childhood experiences

Author: Beatrix

*000*2012-02-09 21:28

Hey everyone, sorry if this subject is a bit borderline - if the Mods aren't happy with it please remove it, I don't want this place getting any negative or bad responses!

Anyways, I thought I would discuss my childhood experiences with peeing. I've had quite a few involving friends and the such so I thought I'd kinda give a history of my journey into the pee I enjoy today!

When I was 7 I was with a friend of mine in the summer walking through some fields near my nan's house. We were both in swimsuits and we were walking back to our bikes to cycle home. My friend announced that she had to pee and asked if it would be okay if she peed through her swimsuit and changed her clothes when she got back. I said that would be okay, so she stepped into a small clearing in the alley next to our bikes and stood open-legged to pee, with it mostly going down her leg! She used some leaves to dry her leg enough, then we cycled back to her house to get changed. She cycled standing up so she didn't get her seat wet!

When I was 8 I was in the toilets at school in the queue and a girl was standing behind me. she was 7 and was standing cross-legged with her skirt up and her hands pressing on her bladder and knickers. She was kinda dancing and telling the girl in front of us to get out, and I asked her if she was okay. She said "I really need the toilet!" - she made it after I came out of the cubicle but that was pretty funny looking down and seeing her hold herself like that.

When I was 9 I was at my neighbour's house and looking after their little girl who was 4. I don't remember this one that much but I remember her sitting on the floor in front of me wearing a white dress and laughing, then starting to pee her knickers - she ran off after that!

I don't remember much more until I was 15 and doing work experience in my primary school, working with the lower years (Reception, Year One, Year Two, ages 4-7) where I saw quite a lot.

...anyone want me to carry on? :) x

*003*2012-02-10 19:27

Righty-o, age 15 doing work experience - could be a long one!

I remember this one girl who was 5 who came up to me about 10 minutes before lunchtime and asked if she could go to the toilet. I said no as I wasn't sure if I was allowed to let them go, plus it was nearly lunchtime anyway. She then lifted her skirt up and held herself and said that she was desperate, and I said it's lunch in 10 minutes, try and hold on until then. She was a pretty cool kid and said okay and carried on with her work.

Same kid, after lunch had finished - she did the same thing! Lifted her skirt and held herself, and I said that lunch had just been so she'll need to wait for a bit. She sat on the floor with the other kids with her legs outstretched and closed and her hand up her skirt holding again! Silly thing!

Another girl in the same class hated peeing when she could hear others around her, so she would hold and wait until everyone else had gone before she peed before lunch. She never had an accident but she would do this every day. Once after lunch all the kids were sat on the floor listening to the teacher and her and her friend sitting next to me told me that they both needed to pee because neither went at lunch. I told them they had to wait until the teacher was finished, so they both sat there for 30 minutes holding themselves before they could ask to go.

At lunch I chose to be at the door to let the kids in for the toilet (electric-locks on the main door), so they had to queue outside. One queue had about 6 kids in it, with two girls both holding themselves with their legs crossed.

When working with the 6-year olds there was one girl who I guessed had had accidents before. During P.E. outside her friend brought her to me and asked if she could go to the toilet, and she was holding with both hands dancing. I told them they had to ask the teacher to go so they asked her and went. A few days later at break one of the playground teachers was walking her through the door and to the office - apparantly she had had an accident out on the playground!

During the same P.E. I just mentioned was another girl who I caught holding herself for a second, and she sid she didn't need to go. About an hour later at the end of the day she was holding herself with both hands as she left the class!

Last one from this work experience. During lunch a five-year-old girl came to the door, knees locked together begging to go to the toilet with an anguished face. No queue so she went straight in - I was tempted to keep her waiting but that would have been too evil!

Anyone want me to carry on? I've got a few more :) x

*007*2012-02-13 21:29

Here's some more for y'all!

I did another work experience when I was 18. The reception class I worked with had a bizarre system where a kid could take a sort of cloth shoulder strap and go to the toilet. It hung on the door, and if it was there you were allowed to go as and when you please. I hated this because the kid could go anywhere if they wanted, and if the fire alarm went off the kid could be lost.

Anyways, I remember seeing one kid come back from the toilet and the back of her skirt had a large wet patch on it. I missed the entire accident and everything leading up to it, but whatever happened it must have been big!

In the Year 2 class (ages 6-7) in the toilets at the start of lunch one girl was hopping on the spot holding herself with both hands; on another day another girl asked the teacher if she could go to the toilet and she was practically begging her, saying "it's an emergency!"

I've got a few more, want me to carry on? ;) x

*010*2012-02-14 21:17

I'll remember what I can - sadly my memory sucks badly (short-term especially, I get told something and it goes straight out my other ear!)... but here goes some more!

When I was younger I would go to the park a lot during the summer. This was the best time, as there were a lot of kids, lots of drinks being drunk, and I always wore a skirt out and so did many other girls, so if they had peed or leaked it was easier to see than any other time of the year. Plus the toilets were about 300 metres away on the other side of a cricket pitch, and since on weekends a game would be on you'd have to go the long way round. The good news was that the pavillion only had one or two toilets and they would occasionally be locked due to vandilism (or me using a stick to lock them from outside, but shhh! ;) )

I would make friends on the day and since I kinda liked the pee thing when I was a kid I could be evil and manipulate their pee habits to my whim - mwah hahaha!

...god, I've got my evil head on today haven't I? B)

Anyways, the memories I recalll - there was one girl, must have been about 3 - who I noticed was kinda pincing between her legs, but this didn't last long as she suddenly pulled her shorts and knickers down and popped a squat in the middle of the playground! Made me laugh I'll admit.

One time I just caught a girl who'd gone down the slide before me, I think she was about age 6 and she started calling to her dad saying "I need to go to the toilet". She was wearin jeans and started to hold herself. I came down the slide and she sat on the benches underneath it and I sat opposite her. She was sitting legs wide open holding with both hands. She wandered off with her dad shortly after this but she was muttering that she needed the toilet before she left.

I remember seeing a girl in a white dress waiting to go on the swings after me and she was standing legs open holding herself with one hand through her dress. One girl in a long skirt had her hands down her skirt and was holding herself that way as well.

One girl had come in a group of people and was holding herself in jeans with both hands complaining to an adult that she needed the toilet and was complaining about that. Another girl was with her mum and they'd only just arrived, and she was begging to go to the toilet - her mum had a go at her telling her she should have gone before they came out!

One thing about this playground was that it has a sort of ridge around the slides and such, with a fence behind that and a few trees and bushes scattered around the fence. I frequently saw kids popping squats around these, and the last girl I mentioned was taken behind one of these trees to pee.

There was one girl who was about 3 who I spotted when I was about to go down the slide. She was already squatting and peeing her knickers on the floor but after she finished she got up and just carried. I went to play with her on a few things and heard her mum saying that she keeps peeing herself so she encouraged her to come to her when she next had to go, which she did. She peed behind the ridge that time. I remember her wearing purple knickers and skirt.

Once I went after school and saw a girl about 6 wearing a blue school gingham summer dress (Brits will know what I mean!

And she was holding herself up her skirt with both hands. She was talking to her mum and saying she had to go to the toilet, and was holding for some time before her mum said get your brother and we'll all go together. Just as she was about to go, her mum told her to stop holding with her hands, which she did!

That was pretty funny that ehr mum told her she didn't have to use her hands although she looked like she wanted to carry on!

One girl I made friends with was 5, and I started talking to her because she was always standing with her legs crossed. I asked her why and she said she didn't know. I told ehr she looked like she had to pee and she was like "meh"! She was pretty cool, and after an hour her, her mum, and her friend started to head to the toilets. I came with her and I saw her holding with both her hands as we went across the field to the toilets.

Another time I made friends with a 9 year old and her sister, bro, and her sister's friend. We eventually asked her mum if we could all go to the toilet, so she said yes and we went as a group without her. The toilets were locked but we went into the bushes - at the time I didn't thinm any of us actually needed to go, I went because I was hoping one of them might need to go! As we were walking to the bush, the girl's 5-year-old sister was walking holding herself through her black leggings. I asked her if she was okay and she said she needed to go to the toilet, I told her to hold it for now and we'll go in a minute. In the bushes I asked them if they needed to pee, and the little girl said yes. The 9-year-old said hse needed to but she could hold it. She was squatting when she told me this, I don't know whether she knew I could see her knickers lol! No accidents here but that was pretty funny as well.

God, that's a lot of things at the park! If I remember any more I'll let you know, but I think that's all from my childhood experiences. Sorry I haven't got any more, I hope you all enjoyed me going down memory lane :) much love to all xx

