My wandering wetting

Author: JenniL

*000*2012-11-07 01:15

Hi everyone :).

It has been aaaaagessss since i last posted a lil story, but ive been busy busy. So i thought i would post my most enjoyable wetting this year.

Im constantly moving from place to place so i dont get enough time to share my nice times with you guys as much as i would like (i feel especially bad since all the stories on here really cheer me up and make me feel fab :)).

So, i do enjoy cheekyily wetting myself (and sometimes messing myself) however i never seem to fimd the time to enjoy it with people here; ive had some nice chats with you lovelies on the chat thingy so i feel i should share a nice moment of mine on this page :).

I shall crack on.

I am currently in a great relationship with my girlfriend, who i shall call G. We love each other greatly, and she now knows of my love for omo, but she doesnt really get it. She suggested a weekend away to Brighton (UK), where we could wine and dine and party. I have moved to France for the winter to earn some money so this was the last weekend we would see each other for a little while.

We agreed that getting wasted would be a smashing idea, so we quickly found ourselves a cool party to go to and wandered on (after some wine of course). We got a little lost on the way but soon found the place and started making our presence felt on the guests. Of course there was much to drink, and we knocked many drinks back. Once drunk i always get a little gremlin telling me how fun wetting myself is, but self control prevails most of the time.

Im normally very modest, but at this party, G and I were the life and soul, im only mentioning this cos im very proud ;).

At around 4, we left, forgetting how lost we got on the way there. The return journey proved a problem. We were both bursting for a pee, as neither of us wanted to go before we left as weirdly we thought it would ruin our street cred. We hopped down to the seafront which is where we knew our hotel was near, but by then G was bursting. Im used to holding pee, but G was struggling. This seemed to turn me on quite a bit, but I couldnt let her know, or she would have got angry with me. So i suggested she go for a nature-wee by the sea. So we wandered down under the pier, but she couldnt go - she felt people were watching , even though it was the middle of the night. So we decided to get google maps out and job back to the hotel.

We managed to jog back, and by this time I was bursting as well. I remember letting a little bit out as we picked up out key from the night porter, and im sure G had as well before that, but we made it back to our room without anyone seeing.

We had the usual key-card problems at the door, and the G charged into the bathroom in tears, completely wetting her jeans. I immediately ran in and hugged her saying that it was ok and that she was safe, although seeing her jeans progressively dampen was enough to drive me insane. I told her not to worry about it at all, and felt myself unconciously peeing through my tights, as if in sympathy.

She saw straight away, and all i could think to do, was to passionately kiss her, and roll into the bath.

The remainder of the night is private, but from my point of view, that night was the best ending to a night i have ever had, even before the post-bath antics ;).

Im sorry if this is not the best written or entertaining story, but I am writing this on my iPhone while away from home, but more importantly writing this as i feel i need to share this with some people who know how this simple moment can mean so much more.

Also, this experience was the first tike that I had ever wet with someone else, and I couldnt have picked a better person if I had tried :).

As a side note, i would like to say that wetting with someone else, deliberate or not, is the most self esteem building thing i have ever done (so long as u do it with the right person methinks!)

Much love to u all, and I hope to speak to some of you soon :)

*003*2012-11-07 16:57

Thanks for the positive feedback :). Haha yes indeed it was rachel ;)

