Desperate Train Ride

Author: MrXavier

*000*2013-01-19 00:00

When I was 15 I got my first girlfriend. Her name was Ashlea, she was about 5'5" and had blonde hair and blue eyes. Unfortunately our relationship was rather short but we still remained good friends afterward. Anyway on our two month anniversary we went for a day out by the sea, we took the train there and back.

Ashlea had her hair tied up into a bob, she wore a white t-shirt with black skinny 3/4 chinos. Although this doesn't sound like an attractive outfit she had a slim, well-defined figure so she wore it well. Our day went great, we had a good time, so much so we arrived a few minutes late for our train back. As we got near the platform she suddenly stopped me, she had a slightly worried and concerned look on her face.

"Is it okay if I just go for a wee first, I'm bursting!" she pleaded.

"No, it just said last call and there's a toilet on the train just use that" I replied.

"But I really need a wee"

"Yeah but if you go now the next train isn't for another hour and we have barely any money left on us"

She paused for a moment and though it over. "Fine, besides your right I can use the toilet on there"

We got on and moments later the train departed. The train itself was packed but we luckily found some seats, Ash took the window seat while I took the aisle. I noticed as she sat down she quickly crossed her legs tightly and rested her hands just above her crotch. She started to fidget slightly.

After ten minutes she was near-constantly fidgeting, she glanced towards the toilet and looked at me, she had a very nervous expression.

"There's like 10 people waiting for that, I don't think I can hold it that long" she said.

"What do you mean?" I played clueless, but I knew she was desperate I just didn't know if I acknowledged it she'd like it.

"I'm bursting, seriously I need a wee now"

"I'm sure it'll go down, go get a spot in the line now"

"No, if I do...like, wee I don't want to do it in front of everyone"

"Wait, so you think you might wet yourself?"

"I-I don't know alright, it's just really bad right now"

She turned to look out of the window to distract herself, I returned to taking glances at her and watching her desperation. After another 10 minutes I could see the pained look on her face, we were five minutes from our stop and she knew she couldn't hold it. She tightened her legs and pressed both hands into her crotch, she rocked back and forth slightly, she also whimpered quietly so quiet I think only I could hear it. She suddenly whimpered much louder, luckily for her the noise of the train drowned it out. 

I noticed at the same moment she pressed her hands against her crotch and tightened her legs much stronger than last time. She'd leaked, I was sure given all the signs, her face went red as she repeated this 3-4 times. After the 4th leak she just relaxed, she was bright red but I saw her smile slightly as she just relaxed her bladder. I saw the side of her seat go damp, and the faint sound of her strong stream. She finished and looked at me, she just giggled, she was more happy she'd finally gone that upset that she'd wet herself. Plus given her situation she knew no one but me noticed it. She breathed out heavily and took a moment to compose herself.

We didn't say a word to each other until we got home to her house (She didn't even want to visit the station's toilets). I opened the door and she darted upstairs with me following soon after.

"Well, I weed myself, if you tell anyone I will kill you know" she said.

"You don't seem upset?" I replied.

"I know, I didn't like the accident but at least I finally had that wee, it was hurting from having to hold it"

She pulled her pants down revealing her pink panties, they were soaked completely. Her thighs and inner leg was soaked as well, she giggled then looked at me.

"Oops" she said.

She never had any other accidents after this one and I only got to see her pee a few more times. Still I loved this accident a lot. Purely because of how well she took it (If it's accidental you do feel a tiny bit of guilt if you enjoy it and if the person doesn't like it) and how she leaked before the flood. Hope you lot enjoyed this!

