After School Accident

Author: docock

*000*2013-01-12 00:11

This happened towards the end of second grade. I had turned 8 years old a few weeks previously and had not had an accident since I was 5, so the thought of having an accident never occurred to me. I always avoided using the school bathrooms because they were in the basement of the building behind the boilers and I was afraid of the basement. So by the end of school, I usually had to pee badly, but I would hold it until I got home where I could use our familiar bathroom, which was not behind a boiler in the basement.

This day was one of the days when I had to pee so badly that I considered using the school bathroom, but I made it to the final bell and decided to hold it until I got home as usual. Home was only about 3 blocks from school, so it took about 5 minutes to walk there most days. So I started walking toward home. I walked out of the school and down the sidewalk, then crossed the street to start the walk home. About the time I got across the street I realized that I had to pee worse than I could ever remember having to pee before. I couldn't even walk at my normal speed, but I had to continue now that I was out of the school building.

I got to the middle of that first block and started bending at the waist a little bit. A few steps later I found myself grabbing and holding myself. Walking was getting very uncomfortable, but I pressed on. As I crossed the next street, still two blocks from home, it occurred to me that I might have an accident if I didn't get home quickly. My walking was getting ever slower and I bent over further. Then I went to the two-handed dick hold to get a better grip.

Then, in the middle of that block, I suddenly froze. I justcouldn't will my legs to move any more; every muscle in my body was directed toward controlling my bladder. I stood frozen to the spot for probably 5 or 10 seconds, willing myself to hold on. Then a spurt came out, probably a second long. I managed to move a step or two, then froze again. Another spurt, a little longer this time. I felt my Dockers getting wet inside my hands. I took one more step. Then it happened - I could feel the pee rushing from my bladder, through my dick, and into my underwear.

The pee started running down my left leg first, then my right one. It flowed like a garden hose down my legs, soaking my socks and shoes and forming a puddle on the sidewalk. My undershirt and shirt tails, which were tucked in neatly, started wicking the moisture up past my waist, giving me a wet lower abdomen as well. I stood glued to that spot and peed for what seemed like forever. When I finally finished peeing the puddle covered the whole sidewalk square. Every article of clothing I was wearing was soaked. I started to walk of shame home, using that wide-legged gait that children with wet pants use.

When I got home my mom was sitting at the kitchen table. She took one look at me and her face went into a look of absolute astonishment. "Did you wet your pants?," she asked. My lower lip started to tremble as I said, "Yes," and started crying. "Go downstairs and put you clothes in the laundry hamper, then take a shower to wash the pee smell off. I'll bring you clothes to change into." So down I went and started stripping. It was OK until it came time to take off my undershirt, which as I said earlier was soaked with pee up to my belly button. Taking that off over my head was gross. I finished stripping, took a shower, and changed into the clean (and DRY!) clothes my mom had brought. Then she taught me how to do laundry, because an eight-year-old is big enough to clean up after himself.

I realized a little later that my bladder actually still hurt, even though I had thoroughly emptied it. The real pain, however, came the next morning, when it seemed that the whole school had heard about my accident the previous day. I didn't live it down until we moved to a new neighborhood two years later.

