Thank God for XXL

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-06-30 15:20

This is just a short story about my trip to the cinema last night....

We had been out all day and we decided to go to the cinema to see Despicable Me 2. We drove to the cinema and got our tickets and noted we had just over half an hour till the film started so we went to the concession stand and bought a drink and a hot dog. When we ordered the drinks the girl behind the counter said for only 20p we could bump our drinks to extra extra large size so we did. The cups she gave us were huge and certainly worth the money.

We went and sat down and waited for the film to start. Whilst sitting there i ate my hot dog and slowly sipped at my drink and by the time we went and queued to go into the screen half of it had gone. We went in and sat down and watched the trailers and by the time they had done i had only 1/4 of my cup left. The film started and i settled in to watch it, whilst doing so subconsciously sipping on my drink until it had all gone. I put my cup in the holder and went back to watching the film. As i sat there i could feel my bladder filling up and by 20 minutes into the film i already felt desperate and crossed my legs and slowly wiggled.

Over time it continued to fill and by the time we were an hour into the film i was absolutely busting for a pee. I was sat in my seat bouncing and wiggling and thanks to the darkness of the room i was able to slip my hand up my skirt and press on my wee hole. I didn't want to get up and go to the toilet as i didn't want to miss any of the film so i pushed on my wee hole and held on. 10 minutes passed and i knew there was no why i could hold on another 40 minutes till the end of the film. I was on the verge of bursting into my knickers and i was now at the point where even i went to the toilet i would probably start peeing when i stood up.

Suddenly i leaked into my knickers and i knew i was seriously close to having an accident. It was no good i would have to go down and use the toilet, i would wet myself right there if i didn't. As i put my hand down on the arm to push myself up i knocked against my empty cup. Then suddenly i felt really naughty and thought i could pee into it, that way i would relieve my bursting bladder and i wouldnt miss any of the film. I slowly took the lid off and checked inside, just a few ice cubes in the bottom. I glanced round to make sure nobody could see. I doubted they could as we were sat on a side row and i was in the seat against the wall. I sneakily slid my hand up my skirt and moved my knickers to the side.

My bladder must have sensed relief was near as without warning i spurted, the lack of knickers to catch it caused it to spurt onto the floor. Without hesitating i put the cup up my skirt and over my pussy. The moment it touched against my skin my bladder exploded and i started peeing full force into the cup. I slowed the stream down and looked round to make sure nobody had heard. When i was sure no one had i let it go slowly into the cup. I tried not to moan out in relief. After a long blissful pee i pulled the cup out and was shocked to see it 3/4's full. I was glad we had gone XXL now, otherwise it would have overflowed. I then quickly put my knickers straight and put the lid back on the cup and put it in the holder and went back to watching the film.

When the film had finished we came out of the cinema and was walking across the car park and i handed the cup to my boyfriend who looked at it puzzled and then when he took it of me he commented that it was warm and looked inside. Then a little smile spread across his face and he said "were you a naughty girl" and i giggled and nodded. Which then lead to us going home and having some naughty fun in the shower together ;).

