Faith in Fath 2

Author: Slater

*000*2012-03-23 07:47

%http://omorashi.org/topic/573-faith-in-faith/

A continuation of this story, but to refresh if you don't follow the link, Faith is to draw chocolate hair in jagged lengths halfway down her back or very short cut above her shoulders. To see her cutely rounded face with glazed, shimmering blue eyes (unforgettable sapphires). A body not bone thin, but very sleek and almost elegant, yet very innocent. She’s been like this since practically birth. She was one who, every time I see her anyways, wears some interesting panties.

Faith is one of those holiday cousins you see about 2-3 times a year; she’s a second cousin mind you. One of two girlfriends of sorts I’ve had (unofficial of course but the relationship was there). And this girl has had 10 pee accidents in the span of 4 years in her younger years.

Later, I did get more pee accident stories out of her. It was a battle trying to get description out of her but I asked her to reenact EVERYTHING. By this time, she had learned I wanted to hear as much minute detail as absolutely possible as I asked her tons of questions that she was surprised to be able to answer.

When she was 6-years-old she owned a favorite pair of light bell-bottom blue jeans, very light color. Wearing a long-sleeve white shirt she was attending another kid's birthday party. As usual at parties, she loads herself up on sugary drinks. She said she had way too many, 4 or 5 full glasses, and was running around outside, playing with the kids. She figured if she just randomly followed the kids while playing, she would somehow magically come across a bathroom.

She didn't want to stop and ask someone where one was, preferring to just stumble into them or find one (though when she normally did, it was occupied anyway and she would leave and check again only to have it occupied by someone else. Not so this time!). Didn't happen. All the kids stayed outside and she endured.

To hold it, Faith tried running as fast as possible at first, but a game of hide-and-seek, that wasn't always going to happen. She remembers bottling up underneath a table, wiggling her legs together and flapping out the ends of her bell-bottoms from her flip-flops (they were a bit long on her). Legs up, butt almost on the ground and one hand clutching tightly to her crotch, she tried holding it when she almost peed right then. A little squirt came out and Faith jumped up from her hiding place, getting easily spotted.

The other kid was easily able to tag her and she was it. She remembers jumping around and rapidly crossing her legs one in front of the other while waiting for all the kids to gather around her. They told her to count by the side of the house and hide her face. She did, and while counting with one arm over her eyes against the brick, the other was once again, tightly clutching to her crotch. To hold it this time, she swung one leg furiously side-to-side and also stomped her feet, refusing to stop to use the bathroom now!

After a second spasm, Faith cheated a bit by counting down the last few numbers really fast. She turned around and began trying to run to find the kids. Her full bladder wasn't letting her move as freely or as fast, and one-by-one the kids made it back to the safe zone as she found them.

All the kids touched the side of the house where she was counting, indicating they were "safe". One of the other kids wanted to be it and so helped her tag someone. She stopped to go get a drink real quick, kicking her legs one in front of the other while standing there chugging on lemonade. Faith remembers trying to hold the pitcher still while furiously vibrating from desperation nervousness and nearly spilled it all. But she her cup halfway, and in her desperation decided it was enough and chugged it while now side-stepping rapidly like she were dancing to a hip-hop song, one hand buried in her crotch.

She then ran to the circle of kids to start another game, and took off running to hide somewhere new. She kept going into the woods of the huge and expansive backyard, behind a small shack or something. There, she was peeking around the corner and then gasped all of the sudden, turning around and running in place. She squeaked into a squeal, shoving both hands into her crotch and continued running in place. She never used this holding strategy before and hoped it would work.

"Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh," she rapidly breathed, then hissed through tightly-clenched teeth she as stopped to press her thighs tightly together, and then rapidly began running in place again hand still buried between her legs. Like a professional rope-jumper, she increased the speed of her running.

Warmth kicked up as she ran, gurgling out of her crotch and through her thick white panties into her very light-colored bell-bottom jeans. She tried hard to hold back the flood by continuing to run, but that only made the pee spurt through in an odd pace. As her bladder surrendered to the pressure, she could feel the pee running hard down her thighs and finally gave up. Faith slowed her running and then spread her legs far apart, knowing what was going to happen. Correct anticipation as pee flooded into her jeans, though relatively slowly.

Thick cotton panties were overflowing with pee as the warmth drug down in zigzagging designs all over her calves. She puffed through her nose as she twisted her left foot around, pee now dripping off the hem of her bell bottoms, down her foot and flip flop, and into the grass. It was all Faith could do; watch and see the damage spread across her jeans. Staring in dumbstruck wonder and trying to figure out why she was peeing.

She said aloud, "Uh, oh, I drank too much."

Just then, one of her brothers came around the corner and saw that she was flooding her jeans with lemonade-fueled pee. Just standing there, hair hanging over her face and watching herself use the bathroom for the 9th time in her life right into her jeans.

"Mom! Faith peed her pants again!" he shouted. Rather, was peeing her pants again. She still had a ways to go, making the obvious dark spots into a stretched glistening pattern all over the back and inside of her legs. She peed and peed, nervously scrunching her jeans at the knees and watching as the darkness on the front began reaching the darkness in the back around that area. She let go with a flick and finally stopped a few second later.

By the time she came to and looked up, her mother was already there, smacking her lips in shame and putting her hands on her hips. She was pulled into the house, jeans and thick white panties stripped from her, as well as her thin white long-sleeved shirt. She was then given boy's underwear and a large shirt to put on.

"I didn't know where the bathroom was!" Faith defended, though her mother didn't really say anything.

"Well then, next time you need to ask, ok?"

###

On another occasion, she told me about when her house had a roach problem, and she had trouble getting up in the middle of the night to pee. She liked to drink a full glass of water before going to bed but she regularly woke up trying to desperately hold it. Most of the time, she was able to make it without incident, eventually falling back to sleep and waking up when one of her older sisters were awake.

Faith told me she was afraid for some reason a big ugly dog would be waiting for her to go to the bathroom and bite her, and then cockroaches would climb all over the ceiling and fall on her. So in her thin, pink panties and red, black striped plaid night gown, decided to try and hold it. She remembers falling asleep and waking up with an even greater urge, her bladder heavy and nearly painful. So she sat up on her knees and clutched her crotch. She was on the lowest bunk and looked around at the other 2 bunks with her sisters soundly asleep. She shifted into the butterfly position and began flapping her legs.

That wasn't nearly enough. The urge to pee so strong and painful it felt like needing to throw up. She couldn't even really move anymore it was so painful. She tried lying down on her side but had to sit up again as straight as possible to put no pressure on her bladder.

While wrinkling the sheets beside her legs sitting on her feet, warmth shot straight through her panties. She heavily sighed as she looked down and spread her legs out a bit as the trickling hiss increased, strong enough she could easily hear it. Faith breathed hard and slow, putting a hand on her chest and tightening a fist around her night gown, which was catching a part of the huge pee stream gushing through her little crotch.

It spread out over the bottom of her gown before running down all over the place. She said she could feel it rolling down her folded legs in all directions, down her feet, trickling off the tip of her butt, pattering like rainfall all over the sheets through her gown. It was the worst accident she ever experienced. It was a hot day so peeing hot liquid into bedding didn't feel good at all, hurting all the way as it released and she felt like it almost wasn't her fault; that she was being forced to do this to protect herself from dogs and cockroaches.

She could then feel the pee spread out on her sheets on her shins, and released another loud breath, licking her lips and breathing loudly all the more. The girl flicked her chocolate-colored hair from her face and continued to watch, right hand still clinging to her gown around her chest, her left fingers at her side now also getting a little wet. She remembers wiping those wet fingers on the top of her thigh while she continued to drain a heavy rainfall all over herself.

Relief never really came. It just stopped, still painful. But she had done it, she wet the bed. Sitting in the same position, she began to wail and cry. Her oldest sister got up and asked her what the matter was. "I peed!" she cried out.

"That's ok, accidents happen," her sister said. And she helped her get through the ordeal.

It was clear to me that by the time she got around to telling me this particular story she had gotten over it. Since she had so many accidents, she doesn't remember in what order this one happened to the others. That poor girl; most of her childhood memories are about her peeing herself.

*001*2012-03-27 07:55

Well... interest in my stories have gone down the toilet. I haven't seen a comment on anything in months.

Something I need to improve on? Something I forgot? Something getting old?

*005*2012-03-28 11:00

{{:

Well I love TV characters being desperate and wetting themselves, so maybe you could do a story with some of the characters in your favorite shows?

}}

Done. It was with the 80's Chipettes characters from the Alvin and Chipmunks cartoon. But that didn't generate any comments either.

But I'd feel like that'd be a disservice because I still have several wetting experience stories. But my steam ran dry because the interest in them disappeared. The first stories I posted about my sister were a huge hit, so I continued with stories from school and work, also good. By far the best one I think is "Lisa's Second Secret".

Then things just ... stopped. Personally to me, no comments is worse than a critique. I'm all for improvement and entertainment.

