Take 2!

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-08-11 05:39

The other day, I tried peeing in my panties with my best friend, Alexis which resulted in us proceeding in lesbian activities even though I WAS straight. Now I'm going to try on my own. I read up some of the things people do before they embark on these wet adventures and decided I'd try too. Drinking a lot of liquid before opening the gates.

Ow. This isn't just an "ow" this is more like an "OWWW!! SHIT!! WHAT THE FUCK!! OWWW!!" kind of "ow". The kind of "ow" that your bladder screams at you after drinking 2 liters of water and not going to the bathroom all day.

"Okay, okay, calm down" I thought to myself as I pitched forward in pain. "I got this." I said out loud my legs shaking faster than I've ever seen before.

"Wait..." I said aloud. I forgot to put down towels.. I walked like a penguin with both my hands in my crotch with the feel of my panties on my palms to the stairs and decided to stop and weigh my odds. "If I attempt to go up to get towels I might stretch too much and pee or fall then pee again.. If I go to the bathroom I might be able to make it and try again later.." Naturally, not wanting to mess up the stairs, I started making my way to the bathroom.

After about 3 steps I felt it. Warmth and wetness.. Gladly it wasn't full on but I was dribbling. "Shit." I said. The bathroom was still 5 steps away. I began taking my steps feeling pee splash against my hand and muttering "Fuck." with every step.

Finally in the bathroom and on time floor I gave up as the toilet was 2 steps away and I would have to release my hands to be able to pull down my panties to pee in the toilet. Plus my panties were already wet.

I closed my eyes and relaxed and felt the strong stream push itself through my panties and make it's way onto the floor where some drops would splash onto my feet. I stood there peeling with my hands on my hips looking down at my feet and randomly thought "Wow. I have an ugly sock tan."

I decided to have a little bit of fun and jammed my hands between my thighs and felt the warm pee struggle to find a way out of my panties. Once I gained control I walked out of the bathroom normally as most of the pressure had been released. I was just passing the front door when.. *ding dong!*

I slammed my back against the door with my limbs bent at awkward angles and feel a little pee escape from my panties and make a cute little puddle on the floor wondering who on earth would come to my house at this time. I slowly turned around and looked through the peephole at who was there.

"Oh, hell no" I muttered as I saw my mother standing there with my little brother, Adam. Thinking fast I tore off my shirt and wiped up the puddle of pee on the floor near the door and ran as fast as I could without peeling towards the bathroom where I locked the door from the inside. I sprinted upstairs and heard the lock click. "Oh shit she remembered the spare key!" I thought and hid behind my bedroom door. I hear my mother and brother barge into my house that technically isn't mine as I share it with two other roommates who were both out of town visiting family.

"Ash?" My mother calls out and I hear her enter the kitchen. I slowly creep down the stairs and make my way to my hiding spot that I have when I need alone time. The laundry room. I hurriedly walk towards the laundry room and close the door quietly not turning on the light. I hear my mother and brother just walking around. It's like playing hide and seek as a little kid again. My adrenaline pumping I feel my bladder give way and begin peeing feeling the warm stream of pee slowly creep down my legs and pool at the ground at my feet. Then my brother says words I couldn't have been more happy to hear "she's not here, mum, let's goooo."

I hear them leave and lock the door and I slump down in relief and feel my panties instantly get soaked at the butt because I forgot about my puddle. I pushed myself up and turned on the light and wondered if I had any pee in me this time to take pleasure in. I spread my skinny pale legs open and pressed on my bladder and before I knew it I was peeing once again. Pee exploded through my panties and I felt myself moan in pleasure as it expanded my puddle. As soon as I was done I looked down to examine the damage. "Hmm." I said to myself as I looked at my soaked panties completely aroused.

I slipped my hand into my panties an began rubbing my pussy like no tomorrow. I would pee every now and then and eventually orgasmed with such force I banged my head on the dryer. Ow.

Anyway. That's story two! Yay or nay?

*002*2014-08-11 07:32

It really was a lot of fun! Tomorrow I'll have more I bet!

I was so scared my mom would see me, a 20 year old girl wetting in her panties for pleasure!!

Thanks for all the support!! <3

*006*2014-08-11 14:38

I posted on my other thread that nobody would be seeing pics or getting any sort of contact information because I really just would feel like a porn star or something and that's not really something I want :/ sorry to disappoint :/

THANKS FOR THE NICE COMMENTS!

*009*2014-08-12 03:57

Why, thanks!

*011*2014-08-12 04:06

Thanks luna!! :D <3

*014*2014-08-12 04:42

Well thanks!! <3

*018*2014-08-13 04:18

{{:

Hehe, have you realized that you mom and your little brother must have stood right in in the little puddle you've made in front of the door? :D

Seeminggly they didn't, but i am wondering if they did notice when you've slammed your back against the door o_O... didn't this make a noise, that they must have heard? :P

However, awesome story :) You've just earned a "YAY" from me :P

Regards

Struggles

}}

I guess you missed that I mopped that puddle with my shirt ;) and that noise is why she barged in D: so I'm guessing that my brother thought that it was just nothing and yeah.. I'm happy they didn't catch me lol

*020*2014-08-13 06:00

Story 3 is up, way before I expected!! :D go check it out!

*022*2014-08-13 07:13

I know right?!? It's so stressful!! But yet... So arousing ;D

And thanks about the signature btw ;) I couldn't come up with anything so I just said that cause all the cool kids have a signature >.<

