Fulfilling Two Requests at Once

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-08-06 19:16

Here's another video I just made, trying to fulfill two requests I've had on this board with a single video.

Wetting while playing a video game, and wetting tight jeans (and believe me, these jeans were tight).

Unfortunately I wasn't really able to enjoy the wetting as much as I would have liked, because believe it or not, I actually was trying to concentrate on the game. It's pretty hard to do both at once.

Also, you may notice that it sounds like the action in the game stops just as I start wetting. This was partly due to the fact that I was so distracted by the amazing sensation of pee soaking down both my legs that I got momentarily distracted from the game, but also, coincidentally, there was a lul in the action right at that moment.

One thing that appeals to me about this scenario is that while you're playing a game, you can't use your hands to hold yourself.

Also, with jeans this tight, it would have been impossible to hold myself anyway. In my last video, there was enough slack in my underwear that I could get a pretty good grip around myself, but in these tight pants, everything is pressed firmly against my body, so there's absolutely nothing to grab on to.

I hope everybody enjoys. Naturally, I love wetting my pants, but getting really desperate for a convincing video takes up so much time... So I apologize if any of my future videos may seem less authentic, due to only being partially desperate instead of really desperate. I still try to put on a good show for the camera though.

Untitled3.flv

*001*2012-08-06 19:52

Here's another one I made just a few minutes after the first one.

Since I had been drinking so much, naturally I had to go again not long after I wet my jeans.

This time I just decided to wet my pants and record it for fun. There's no desperation, it's just me enjoying myself. I've been wanting to wet these pants for a while.

Although they're looser than the jeans, they were much harder to get off when wet. Also, I didn't realize until I watched this video, but they actually turn pretty transparent when they're wet. That might be something to work with in the future...

Untitled4.flv

*003*2012-08-11 18:03

Thanks for the reply. I enjoy reading the comments of people who enjoy these. Of course I'm open to constructive criticism as well.

I wanted the video game one to sound like I was right in the middle of some action scene that was too engaging to put down, but unfortunately it didn't quite turn out that way... As soon as I started peeing, it switched from action sequence to platforming sequence, so the sound effects pretty much stopped. Except for that dripping noise, which I guess was appropriate.

As a side note, I really love the look of my wet underwear clinging so tightly to my body in that second video. It's almost like spandex at first, until I wring them out.

I'm actually starting to run out of different pants to wet... I've got a couple of different pairs of jeans I could try, and a pair of khaki shorts, but I really don't own that many pants.

I'm open to more suggestions for clothing or scenarios to try out though.

I'd almost like to record an outdoor wetting video at some point, but the most challenging part of that would be operating the camera by myself. Also, I've never wet outside during the day, only at night, and my camera is cheap enough it wouldn't be able to pick anything up at night.

