Two of my favorite personal Experiences

Author: Luna Love

*000*2014-02-08 06:29

Hello my friends :) It is me Luna again to share another experience xD. I first off would like to thank all of you for your support complementing my English. It means a lot to know that I’m improving, and or have already got a pretty decent understanding of the English language. I think I’ll make this experience have two stories as I will not be able to write this weekend I believe got a lot of things going on, ATM its 11:56 P.M. And I’m drinking some red bull and listening to my play list haha. Heck I might even grab a diaper and see if I make it through writing both stories without this red bull making me wet my self haha.

So, now onto the first stories then. I think I’ll make this one of my famous school accidents since I have so, and I means so many of them *blush * and for my second story I think I'll share a diaper experience of accident haha :). (BTW I got that diaper, ill update you all if I wet it while writing this we will see :) )

Now, enough chit chat onto the story. This experience took place in 11th grade , a little later on than most of my previous experience I shared about back in 6th and 7th grade. So, by the time I was in 11th grade my bladder was still small and weak. Which led to so many troubles as you would expect a 16 year old gal to be able to hold onto her urine for longer than three and a half hours at the most. This day was a cold snowy day in the middle of December, Now this story also takes place at the end of the day unlike a lot of my accidents I have previously shared when it occurred in the middle of the school day.

Well, that day I was wearing two pair of pink and blue panties... (It was so cold if your wondering why I was wearing two pairs of panties) also I was wearing White jogging pants and under that was gym shorts. The gym shorts where since I had gym that day and they also helped with the cold a little (haha). I basically had on a heavy coat as well, I hated the cold so much. So, continuing onward The day went normal same boring classes except for french I loved being able to speak my native language (Une telle journée il faisait froid :) ) Well, I made it to about ten minutes left in 7th period until I felt the oh so familiar feeling of my bladder filling up. I although already knew that bathrooms would close by the time I got a pass to go to the bathroom. So, I ignored it and went on with my work until the bell rang signaling 8th period the last period for me.

But, this day was the one day a month we had student advisory, which is for you guys who did not have this when you gather with a specific teacher and a small group of maybe six or seven other students. There you discuss what you are feeling and current events. Normally it be nice to not have to work and just discuss random events. But, the bad side to student advisory is no bathrooms would be open since all staff had a group of students so no one to monitor the bathroom.

I didn't have a major urge to use the bathroom until about twenty minutes left until final bell. I just stopped conversing since no one really cared if you spoke or not. So, I just focused on my bladder which was now throbbing. I was towards the back of the room so I casually just put my hand in between my legs and pressed onto my bladder. This helped for about ten minutes, until my urgency increased and my bladder was screaming for release soon. I knew I only had 10 minutes left and a 5 minute bus ride so I figured I could make it. I went on five torturous minutes and was hanging on for dear life, I was squirming back and forth in my seat moaning under my breath trying my best to not give into my bladders command to release it liquid.

I suddenly with about 2 minutes until final bell had a spasm in my bladder, it was small but it was enough to have me release enough pee to wet the first layer of panties (remember I have 2 pair on haha) I regained control and pushed so hard onto my bladder to help stop it relentless aggression of spasms. RING RING!! Finally went the final bell I was filled with rejoice, but it only lasted 10 seconds as I stood up I had a major spasm and let out a spurt for 4 seconds, this made my first pair of panties decently wet but the second pair was almost perfectly dry. I regained control and walked out the room with my legs tightly clutched together as I hobble like an idiot down the hall. I finally made it outside into the bone chilling air, this shocked my body slightly from going from the warm building into the freezing outside. This shock made me leak a small bit into my panties again but not to serious.

I continued to walk to my bus, and I was maybe fifty feet away from the bus when I came across a patch of the side walk that was of black ice, and I started to slip. As I slipped I turned my body to avoid smashing onto the concrete. I fell into the bone chilling snow and immediately felt such freezing snow, but something didn’t feel right. I felt a warmth spreading in my lower regions. I quickly realized I was wetting my self and I grabbed my bladder, and tried to stop the flow. I maybe got a hold of it for 2 seconds but it was no use I let go to try and get up and the flood gates where busted. I just sat there as my two pair of panties filled and where soaked and the gym shorts got soaked and finally the pee spurted out of my white jogging pants on to snow. I sat there listening to the hissing of my pee flooding out.

I just sat there in disbelief, I knew anyone who wished to walk by could see my soaked self laying there. But, to me I didn't care I was so happy to be relieved but was embarrassed to the max. Although it felt so good I was so warm laying there in my own urine in the now yellow snow. I just lay there until I knew the buses and students had left. I got up and looked at my mess. The snow had a yellow tint to it now, and my white sweat pants had a giant yellow stain on them. I still felt warm and was so excited on how good it felt, but I still felt so guilty I had another accident. Although I didn’t care I started my walk home since I missed the bus, and I prepared to explain to my mum what had happened.

Hope you enjoyed that story, but I still got one more to share with you all before I go. Oh, and status on my bladder from beginning of writing this, I have leaked several times into my diaper, and I already know I wont make it before I finish writing this experience, So with no father ado I shall give you the second experience of today :).

So, if you can't tell, I love diapers xD. I feel so safe in them and love their feel especially when soaking wet with urine. But, it was not always this way. I first was forced to wear diapers back in 9th grade (aka freshman year at high school) grade when my mother finally had enough of my bed wetting and mid day accidents. Of course like any other normal teenager I rejected the idea thinking she just wanted to ruin my life. But, I couldn't argue with her. So, I had to wear a diaper each day under my normal cloths to school. I kept it secret and made sure none of my friends would notice I was wearing protection.

Now, my bladder is weak but it still when full can pack a punch to a diaper. Now, it never did leak although which made me happy, and for the first two months of wearing I only had 3 night accidents and no school or mid day accidents. So I was happy with it. I started to grow onto the nice fluffy feeling of the diaper.

So, as usual this day I put my panties on and slipped on a nice fresh diaper over them and after wards but on a pair of pink jeans which would normally be to big for me, but they covered my diaper well so I had to. Well, this day I drank two glasses or apple juice and while on the bus drank some ice tea. I felt safe in a diaper so that’s why I think I was taking suck a risk drinking so much when if I was not wearing protection I would soak myself in a hour. I made it to school and made it until lunch and drank a milk and the rest of my tea. Sure enough that was icing on the cake for my bladder, by 10 minutes into the period after lunch I was so desperate it was insane, I was legit squirming like a maniac. I at this time was still shy with this teacher as I never asked them to use the bathroom.

I tried to tough it out and not have accident. Since I was not use to having protection in school at least while being on the verge of having a accident I completely forgot I could release myself with no consequences. So, completely ignorant to the fact I had on a diaper I jiggled around for another twenty minutes, and at this point I had tears in my eyes and was using both hands to hold myself, and somehow still not registering by feel I had a diaper on. I started to leak a little and felt it in my panties inside my diaper so it further made me forget I had a diaper and I panicked knowing I was going to flood my pants any minute now right in the middle of this classroom.

I made it two more minutes until a spasm hit me and I leaked for 7 seconds, and I knew I had had accident now and my pants had to have a wet patch. But something didn’t seem right I was not sitting in a small patch of pee in my seat. Then finally it hit me I had my oh so precious diaper on. I at that moment felt such relief that I relaxed and this made my bladder completely give in. I peed for about 40 seconds, and I felt my diaper filling a lot and soaking it all up. Now, from me not actually having a major accident in a diaper I was not aware of how much it could hold before leaking.

Well, lets say I found out how much that diaper could hold as about a minute and a half of silent wetting my diaper without no one knowing the diaper finally gave in and I was in pure shock as it over flowed and I felt my jeans soak with pee. I peed for about ten more seconds and this was enough to soak my pants and over flow my seat onto the floor. I sat in disbelief completely shock I actually made my diaper leak. I was so over whelmed and felt so good at the same time. I without even thinking put my hand into the puddle and felt how warm it was. I immediately pulled it out and teared up thinking how embarrassing it was sitting in a pool of my own piss and I was legit some what turned on by it. I waited for the period to end and I shakily reported to the teacher of my accident.. It was so awkward you wouldn't believe.

From that day I learned my love of diapers and I think that’s the day I realized that I was turned on by omorashi and accidents in general.

So, I hope you all enjoyed my two stories I have shared with you :). It's been a real enjoy recalling my two experiences, the 2nd one is my favorite as it is what got me to love omorashi. Oh, and a status on my bladder from the beginning when I said I would see if I could make it to the end of this writing. Well, I didn’t make it I lost complete control of myself and fully soaked my diaper at about the second paragraph of the second story and I was holding a lot so It leaked enough to wet my jeans a considerable amount, and I sat here and played with the little pool of urine for a little bit. It was a nice little experience as I have not done a wetting on purposes in a long time.

I hope you guys enjoyed yet again enjoyed my 2 little experiences and my little challenge with my self to make it throught the writing without wetting myself... Which I completely failed haha. avoir une journée fantastique mes amis :) ### <3 Luna Love :)

*002*2014-02-08 19:47

{{ 

You have been such a great addition to the forums. I love your stories and your little challenge to yourself was extra special.

}}

Thank you very much :)

*007*2014-02-09 21:43

{{ 

Three wettings in one post...excellent! I'd love to see more of your work when you have the time.

}}

{{ 

I agree completely with amberpee , you are a great addition to this board. I enjoyed how you continued to hold your pee despite having a diaper on. Desperation , followed by wetting is my favorite.

}}

{{ 

I love your stories! Keep them coming. You have a way of writing that makes the experiences so real. Any recent wettings?

}}

Thank you very much buds :) Appreciate it xD

