Nice day at the pool

Author: xDeathSoulx

*000*2015-09-02 07:24

This story is about my girlfriend. She herself isn't into this fetish at all so the one 'wetting' I have from her is this story. To make things easy I will call her Alice.

Last year or so, Alice and I went swimming in well-known water park near her home. I always like going to water parks, because it's fun trying to figure out when a girl is peeing in the pool. I'm absolutely terrible at recognizing it, but the thought is still a nice one.

The water park itself consisted of mostly slides, and one slow current to float around in on inner tubes, or just drift through without one if you felt like it.

After being on a number of slides we were drifting lazily through the current, surrounded by kids in inner tubes and loud guys racing each other.

"I know something you don't," Alice told me with a small, rather devious smile.

Since I wasn't really expecting anything, I didn't catch on immediately, so I asked, "What do you know, then?"

"I have to pee."

Let me just say my pulse wasn't the only thing rising when she said that. Still, I didn't quite get my hopes up yet. Alice knows about my fetish and while she sometimes obliges she also likes teasing me with it.

"Well, you could always go on a slide," I said, hoping she'd ignore me and just go where she was.

Of course, there was no way I was going to be that lucky so, still smiling, she said, "Yeah, that might be fun. Maybe if I do it on one of those two-person slides you'll feel it."

Damn that girl, she was enjoying this way too much. She knew exactly how to get me on edge and she sure wasn't afraid to show it. Still, I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction of an outward reaction. Instead, I said, "Alright then, let's get on a slide. I'll feel it, just you wait."

After what felt like an eternity in a queue (during the wait I'd been looking for signs of discomfort in Alice, but if she felt any she was hiding it well) we finally got our turn on the slide. These slides were made to go down in an 8-shaped inner tube, with one person in each of the loops.

"Why don't you sit in front, and I'll see if I can feel anything," I told Alice. She shot me a look that I've seen a thousand times before. It was a look that was meant to look exasperated, but that betrayed her obvious amusement.

Still, she sat in the front loop while I took place behind her. Knowing I didn't have much chance to feel anything, but hoping for the best anyway, I pushed us off.

The ride was fun, but sadly I hadn't felt anything when we got down, so I turned to Alice and said, "I didn't feel it."

"I didn't pee. It wouldn't come out on the slide," she replied. This gave me hope again, so I quickly said, "Well, maybe the current is your best bet, then." She shot me that look again, but nodded anyway.

The slow current in the water park had one dark section, where plastic bats with glowing eyes hung from the ceiling. I assumed Alice meant to pee in there, so once we were in the tunnel I got closer to her. She jumped onto my back like she wanted me to carry her.

"Here?" I asked her. "No, not yet," she simply replied. Clearly she was still having a lot of fun teasing me with it.

We exited the tunnel, and that's when I remembered the urban legend that water parks add chemicals to the water to turn it blue or red if someone pees in it. I informed Alice of that, and she said, "They don't."

"How do you know?"

"I checked in the tunnel."

I should've known better than to be surprised, of course. But still, the thought of her peeing a little bit just to check was a very arousing one. Then, just beyond the tunnel, she hopped off my back and swam in front of me.

She took my hand and put it on the crotch of her bikini bottom. She gave me a smile, and then I felt the warm, forceful stream begin. Normally, I don't get hard in the pool. The cold water sort of keeps me from acheiving it, or something, but this time was an exception. Feeling her stream of pee and looking into her eyes which were alight with amusement was absolutely amazing.

After a while, the stream died down. Alice laughed. "The look on your face is priceless," she said.

I nodded, but I wasn't really listening. That feeling was utterly amazing. So amazing that I had to share it here, in fact.

