This Monday

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2012-05-08 08:15

I've been planning this for a while, actually. Ever since I almost peed myself in public that other day (This Tuesday

)

Using the money I made over the weekend, I strolled over to the mall and got myself a very sexy set of lingerie for today. Mom stayed over at my apartment so I couldn't do this sooner, and I couldn't play with myself at all during this time.

I loved the feeling, I just had to do it again...

###

I would be very busy today. The setting was perfect: I'd pee at noon, drink water during the day, and come back home 8 hours later. I would leave at 1:30, have lunch at 2:00, attend my religion studies class at 3:00, hit the library at 5:00 to work on tomorrow's homework, and then attend a panel on religion at 7:00 as extra credit for my class. I'd be coming back at around 8:00.

I couldn't wait to get started.

###

I wore a sexy black thong I just recently bought. It had an almost opaque front panel made of mesh, and was embroidered with a white lace pattern. It had a pair of white silk ribbons on the sides. I wore a matching black bra, which also had a white lace pattern embroidered on the cups and ribbons on the straps.

Over it, I wore skinny dark grey jeans that had a boot cut. I wore a somewhat tight dress blouse that I had had since my middle school years. It still fits just fine, though you could see the bra a little through it because it's white and the bra is black. I wore a skinny red tie over it all, and lastly, I wore my favorite argyle sweater. It wasn't cold or anything, but I wanted to hide the back strap of my bra a little. Also, if I were to have an accident, I could just use the sweater to cover it up.

I drank a bottle of water before dressing up. I did some cleaning before packing up my things and leaving. I sipped on another bottle of water while on the bus.

I had a sandwich for lunch and pink lemonade to go with it. All this would serve it's purpose later on. The goal was to lose control with the least amount of pain.

And so later I just went to my class as usual. We discussed Theravada Buddhism in Thailand as I slowly continued to finish the water bottle from earlier. I tend to sit in the front during classes, but that often makes the teacher pick on me often. I fidgeted a little in my seat every time she spoke to me. Not only that, but I always stuttered a little on my response, forgot what I was going to say next, or sometimes messed up my grammar. I am not good at this at all! Five seconds in, I'd realize that I was the only voice in the room and I could feel my cheeks flushing red.

I finished my water and headed out the door.

It was 5:00 PM now and I headed to the library. I surfed some imageboards, got my daily dose of karma, replied to some messages, and liked some posts, all while sipping on a third bottle of water. I spent a little too much time doing that, actually, and by the time I looked at the clock, it was 6 PM. I got started on my econ homework. The library was empty, and I was tapping my feet, legs crossed. I felt a small tinge in my bladder, but it wasn't bad so I kept working.

###

It was now 7 PM and I left the library. As I stood up from my chair, a wave of desperation hit me which caused me to double over the table. Oh dear, not good! I didn't have a choice, though. I got myself into this predicament and I was going to see the end of it. I went to the panel.

It was some guy who was talking about the importance of separating religion and government here in the US. I saw his points, but I couldn't help but think that it was completely unrelated to the scope of our class. We focused on Asian religions, not Western ones, and that seemed to be his main topic of conversation.

I really had to pee by now. The pressure was building up so quickly and I was beginning to feel scared. I kept bouncing my legs and I bent forward a few times. People were sitting next to me, back of me, and they could see what I was doing. I felt a little embarrassed but I don't think anyone thought that I was actually a very naughty girl who was going to have a happy ending later on ^^;

I suddenly stopped paying attention to what the man wearing a fancy suit at the podium was saying. I'm just going to bs the summary and hand it in for extra credit. The panel was over and it was now time for the Q&A session. Nope, it was time for Maria to get back home else she'd have an accident on campus.

###

Not a minute sooner than I had arrived the bus was already making it's stop. Another close call. I really need to get a second car. My mom has the car because she's frequently going out and doing stuff, so I have the rely on the bus over here.

While I was in the bus, I was remembering what we spoke about in the IRC a few days ago… Someone brought up a diaper discussion and well, I had never thought about it seriously before. There's a pharmacy near where I live, and I was wondering if I should go for it… I like to try new ways of pleasuring myself, so I decided to be dropped off by the pharmacy.

I mentally separated myself from reality for a bit, and picked some up and got back in line for the cashier. Doing this helps me deal with being confronted with a potentially embarrassing situation. One thing, though… I nearly at the point of losing it, and the line was long. Suddenly I had no idea what I was doing and why I haven't gone home already. Didn't I have to pee!? If I have an accident here, it'll be the end… The lady in front of me had a large basket filled with things. Oh, this was going to take forever! I was so close to wetting myself; was this really worth it? All these thoughts filled my head, but eventually the lady turned back and told me I could go in front as I was only going to purchase one item.

My heart skipped for a moment and my bladder muscles tensed for a bit. I wasted no time and in two minutes I was out the door with diapers in my hand. What on earth was I doing?

###

I ran home. I spurted a little into my jeans as I was crossing the street. I was approaching my limit quickly. The adrenaline rush was amazing, my heart was beating, and my breathing was clearly audible. I felt scared, turned on, alert, a combination of feelings. I made it to the door of my apartment, and as I picked my keys from my purse, my body acted on it's own again.

A felt a strong jet of urine escaped me. It came out so quickly that almost all of it hit the ground. I checked the damage and there was only a shiny patch on my crotch the size of a golf-ball. My libido took over completely and I was rubbing my breasts as I entered my apartment.

I forgot that I had left the AC on, and so it was cold when I entered my apartment. I ran to retrieve my vibrator from under the bed, my right hand holding my crotch, but when I kneeled down… It was too late…

I felt a tingling sensation in my lips, and my right hand became warm instantly. I hissed loudly as my urine splashed on the carpet. I lost all sensation of my body for a moment and only felt the warmth as the inevitable happened. My thong was completely soaked, as well as the entire front and back of my jeans. My ass, my legs… Puddles were forming around my knees. Every part of my body briefly became an erogenous point. My nipples were rock hard and I was pinching and twisting them firmly with my left hand. My head rested on the mattress and I was breathing so heavily that my glasses fogged up instantly. My eyes watered up so much and I felt tears running down my cheeks. I continued peeing. It didn't stop… Just a flowing clear stream between my thighs, flowing out of my womanhood… I gave myself a firm rub with my right hand, and I came really hard.

My eyes rolled to the back of my head, and I finally collapsed, my head hitting the floor. I laid there, motionless, my mouth wide open. I continued to pee as my body twitched. There I laid for a good 15 minutes. I finally stopped peeing.

My blouse, tie and sweater also got wet, and the inside of my bra was wet with pee and cum ♥

I lifted myself off the floor. I sat on my feet, still wearing my soaked jeans. I got the vibrator from under the bed, plugged it into the wall, and set it to a low setting. I lifted my ass off my feet a little and rubbed myself just under my pussy. I lifted myself a little higher as I lowered and then rested my head on the carpet. I unzipped my pants and traded the vibrator with my other hand. My left hand pulled the back string of my thong upward while my right hand worked the vibrator (now on a medium setting) up my clit. A little more of this and I suddenly had the urge to pee again. I had no control: it came out like a river in seconds and I could do nothing to stop it. This happened a few more times until I felt I was about to climax and then I switched to the high setting.

My body loses it and hits the floor once more.

Face down, ass up. That's how I like it.

Clothes went in the wash straight after. I'm worried about the carpet, though… I think there goes my rental deposit…

Maria-Sanza / 2012 / 1785 Words

More stories available if you check my profile.

$

*019*2012-05-11 09:43

Amazing! Thank you everyone, and everyone who shared their feedback on the IRC. I am very happy to know that you liked it! ^.^

