Female Coworker Desperation, and more...

Author: jtlovespee

*000*2014-09-12 22:42

This happened at work recently...

I work in a very busy corporate environment with hustle and bustle. We have a small, tight kit department and we of course like to joke around. Recently we hired a new employee to the team. Her job among other things is to answer a very important global emergency number that must be manned at all times by someone who is certified to take these kind of calls. Sadie was the perfect candidate for the job. Great personality, just out of college with the drive to please and already certified! Sadie is about 5'2'', a runner in her spare time so very athletic, and with long dark brown hair. Needless to say a very pretty girl.

So onto the good part.

I happened to be working on something in a common area about 50 feet from where Sadie sits. I began to notice she had been on the phone for quite some time dealing with an issue. I could see her leg was bouncing and thought I caught a glimpse of her with her hands jammed in her crotch. Of course I knew exactly what was going on. Sadie always had a large water bottle on her desk to stay hydrated.

As I watched of course my mind started to wander... I could see she was was wearing gray pants and a white top and red heels. She was always very well put together and never an underwear line or misfitting piece of clothing.

All of the sudden she stands up still on the phone. I see her legs crossed like a pretzel and she is bobbing up and down. Then I hear her say ok have a nice day! She hangs up.

She very slowly turns in an apparent effort not to lose control. She then had to walk toward me to get to the bathroom...a single unisex bathroom I might add. She noticed I had looked up and began a nervous slow jog toward the bathrooms. As she went by me she smiled and mouthed "I have to pee so bad!" I just chuckled and watched her pass by... of course my mind racing.

The moment she got past me I saw her hand go to her crotch... apparently trying to be a lady when she was in direct sight of me.

About five minutes later she was back. I walked over to her desk to make small talk. Before I could say anything she was red in the face and said sorry I didn't stop to talk... I really couldn't hold it any more.

I replied and said, it's ok I've been there! She then said yea I was on the phone and couldn't get this person to hang up! I said hey at least you made it!

She looked at me and turned bright red as she said yea... of course. then she looked away. I was trying not to show emotion but I was so turned on...to think she was lying and she hadn't made it completely.

I went back to my own desk... now trying to mask my own issues. I began to think about the whole situation. I began to think farther...

I decided I would take a walk to the bathroom. Now like I said there was only one single unisex bathroom. I go in lock the door.

I look down at the trashcan. There are many unused tissues sitting on top... of course my interest piqued... i grab a paper towel and lift off the pile of clean tissues.

What I found will be one of the most amazing thinks I've experienced in the arena. sitting there was a small gray thong with a bit of pattern, with a warm wet crotch. The wet spot went about 1.5 inches in diameter. I almost lost it right there. She had lost it on her way to the bathroom. She had turned red because she knew she didn't quite make it and was forced to throw away her thong.

After a few minutes of examining and snapping a picture, I decided to leave in case for whatever reason she noticed I went in there and it was gone. I care about my job of course...

That was one day I was happy to be at work, and very happy to finally get home to enjoy this amazing experience.

*006*2014-12-24 02:49

So I finally am getting around to posting the picture of my findings when I went into the bathroom. Sadie had left this after not quite making it to the bathroom. I was able to get just this one pic because we all share a small unisex bathroom (small company).

This picture is just minutes after this story took place and is one of my all time favorites. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.

Cheers :)

*009*2015-01-02 19:03

Glad you all enjoyed it! It is surely something I won't forget. Oh the fond memories.

