Wet Myself Coming Home from Jogging

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-10-06 20:11

I'm not very good at recounting wetting events, so this may not be a terribly elaborate story, but it's something that happened to me yesterday and I thought some people might like to read about it.

I'm pretty physically active in general, and I've tried to get back into running recently. I don't know why, but whenever I'm out for a run, once I stop running (my heart is pounding, my breathing heavy, and my legs exhausted) I always get this really strong urge to pee. It's not so much an urge as a desire. I feel like I want to just let go. Sometimes if I'm already somewhat full it will develop into an actual physical urge though. I'm sure most of it is psychological, but there's a definite physical component as well, probably related to my muscles being tired and finally getting a chance to relax.

Anyway, I usually jog in dark athletic shorts (ones I've wet outdoors a number of occassions in the past, but I use them for legitimate purposes too). Yesterday it was particularly cold though (we've had a sudden cold front blow in this week) so I was out jogging in sweats.

Anyway, after I finished running I was walking back home during my cooldown period, and feeling particularly naughty (and aroused) I decided to try to pee a little as I walked home. I didn't want to do a full wetting, just enough to get my underwear damp. I used to have great difficulty peeing and walking at the same time unless I was extremely desperate, but after a few seconds of trying I was able to get a little squirt to come out without breaking my stride at all. It was kind of cool and a little surprising to be able to start casually peeing as I walked.

Anyway, I let out a little squirt, really more like just a few drops as I walked, and enjoyed the sensation of the pee coming out of me, and slightly dampening my skin. The sweat pants I was wearing were black and loose, so there was almost no chance of the wetness showing. Even in the event of a full wetting, most of the pee would just run down my legs barely even touching the sweats, and what little did get the sweats wet would mostly stick to the inside instead of soaking through.

I continued to walk, and tried letting out some more. I went a couple more squirts, and could definitely feel the front of my boxers were damp now, along with my penis and scrotum. After making sure no other pedestrians or cars were around, I stuck my hand down the front of my pants and enjoyed rubbing the wetness into my skin. Taking my hand back out, it was noticeably shiny from the moisture.

As I got closer to home, I tried letting out a longer squirt than the previous ones, and felt the wetness actually drip down the inside of my thigh, little droplets hitting close to my knee. I didn't enjoy that as much (as I said, it was cold out) and was more interested in just getting my underwear wet.

I reached down my pants and felt myself again, enjoying the feeling of my now pee-soaked underwear and genitals against my hand. It felt really naughty. I think I might have some closeted exhibitionist tendencies.

Anyway, I let out one or two more brief squirts before I finally got home and came back inside.

After I was indoors, I took off my sweats and surveyed the damage to my underwear in the bathroom mirror. There was a really nice wet spot on just the front of my boxers in the area surrounding the fly, and then down the insides of both legs. The rest of the front of them was completely dry, totally unlike a full on wetting. Usually during a full wetting the wetness will soak in and spread covering the entire front of the leg. This was more like a narrow strip of wetness about 2-3 inches wide running from the front of my fly down.

Another intersting thing I noticed was that of the wet areas, "ground zero" (the area right in front of my penis) was much more dry compared to further down the legs. The fabric down there at the bottom of my boxers was swollen with pee. If I squeezed the material, some drops would come out. It was like the urine had "pooled" down there, which I guess makes sense what with gravity and all.

I really wanted to do something more after that, but I couldn't think of anything to do. I sat at my computer in my wet underwear for a while longer, and near the end I grabbed myself, letting a couple of more small squirts into my hand, enjoying the feeling of the wetness on myself, but after that I just took off my clothes and went into the shower. So kind of an anticlimactic ending. I wish I could have thought of something really sexy to do, as I was feeling quite excited, but I just couldn't think of anything that seemed satisfying enough...

*004*2012-10-10 00:19

Unfortunately I don't often do stuff like this so I don't usually have anything to write about.

Here's a little bit of a followup on this story. No peeing involved this time though. Maybe next time.

Yesterday was warmer so I wore my athletic shorts when I went out jogging.

I didn't really have to pee at all on the way back, but it was virtually deserted on the trail were I was running, and I was feeling kind of naughty, so I wanted to do something. As I was walking back home I started to tug my shorts down a little.

It never lasted longer than a second each time, but I would tug them down on the side and expose my hip and thigh. After a couple of times doing that I pulled them down in the back and exposed my butt.

I feel kind of halfway between naughty and creepy saying this. I'm not a flasher or anything, and I would never expose myself to anyone who didn't want to see it. I only did it when I was sure no one else was around. But I just kind of got a thrill from baring those parts of my body while being outside. Feeling the cool evening air on places you don't normally feel it.

Near the end I even pulled them down in the front a couple of times. Again, just very briefly. One time I covered myself with my hand while I did it, and another time I didn't cover myself at all. It was kind of exciting...

