(Unplanned) Experiment #2: Almost in front of 150 others!

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-01-24 05:52

So lately, I've built the courage to try public desperation and wetting, to an extent though.

I did it once a few days ago, with only one girl noticing me at a gas station. So I thought to myself, might as well try again. However, I didn't plan to do it again today, it came to me as legitimate desperation.

Here's a bit of background: ive already explained my academic track. So on Thursday, I was informed that the math department needed a TA for trigonometry. Turns out that out of the 4 available undergrads (they pick undergrads for undergrad courses), I was the only one not busy TAing with a course, so I was kind of forced into it lol. It was on a quick notice though; they told me that Friday afternoon was my assigned time.

After my morning class, I took a quick lunch break. I had a sandwich, salad and my favorite drink: iced tea! For some reason, I drink faster than I eat. I drank two cups of iced tea while I ate, and after I finished, I had a third refill. Between that and the classtime, I sat down outside the class for the next hour. And so, the class inside the classroom dismissed, and the trig students went in. At that point, I realized that the three cups of iced tea had gotten to me. I needed to pee. But as soon as the class was dismissed, a long line built up at the women's restroom, and I didn't want to go to another restroom, since I don't know the specific building too good. Also, the trig students started to go inside. It was supposed to be a relatively small university class of 150, not the average traditional 250+. I. It was about 5:45 when I went in, as the class started at 6:30.

During the next 45 minutes, my bladder started to act up, but I was already on my way to the front of the class. I shook hands with the professor and everything, since he works at the math lab as well, it wasn't a long introduction. We talked the remained of the time (from when I went inside to classtime) about the subject and syllabus and stuff, but the 45 minutes weren't good for me. I was doing my best not to cross my legs to show my desperation, and I didn't want to excuse myself from the conversation because I thought it would be rude. The TA system works like this: the TA sits in each of the class to take notes to use to help the class later. I missed like two weeks as I was given the position late, so first he had me introduce myself and then read the past weeks notes.

At that point, my bladder was starting to get noticeably persistent. The professor first went over any questions. I could already tell this was going to be a long semester because the first 20 minutes were students asking relatively dumb questions (two weeks in, and STILL technical questions about the homework, really?).

The 20 minutes didn't do me good. By then, my bladder was straining. It had been a good hour already, and the class still had an hour to go. The wasted 20 minutes had made it clear I would have to wait: I'd introduce myself at the end of the class as the professor really wanted to get into the math part of the class (they were STILL going over the different types of triangles and proof of the Pythagorean theorem).

I squirmed slowly in my seat, as not to attract any embarrassing attention. My leg was shaking almost uncontrollably, and that was bad enough. The class almost ended, and then the professor let me introduce myself. So I went over the whole point of a TA, my job, my duty to serve the class.

Throughout my entire mini-speech, I couldn't stay still. I was pacing while talking, and stopped only to close my legs tighter. I couldn't put my hands on my crotch or anything. During one suppressed spasm (it took a lot of energy), I legitimately thought I was going to wet myself. Right there, in front of more than a hundred people. One girl at Racetrac was embarrassing enough, but 100?

I had to keep fighting. By the end of a loooong 6 minutes, I felt my back, armpits and forehead were drenched in sweat from the strain. I quickly dismissed myself, and afterwards class ended. I stayed a couple of minutes to talk to the professor, say its an honor and the whole stuff. I then power-walked out of the class, trying to move past crowds between the seat rows.

There was a line at the womens restroom. I knew it then and there that I wasn't going to make it. I stood in line anyways, in vain. 10 minutes later, I was almost next. I didn't care: I shamelessly started to grab my crotch and cross my legs. There were two girls behind me, witnessing my plight.

I realized with horror that I was leaking. I felt a liquid warmth grow in my panties, but it didn't show. I had dark blue pants on. Not as dark as my black jeans, but stil enough to temporarily hide any spurts.

I closed my eyes as spurt after spurt came out. I decided that it was enough damage, and there was no point of keeping dry. When a stall opened for me, went in with a racing heart. I crouched down a little above the toilet, still in jeans, and let go. The long-held pressure was enough to make most of the pee going through my jeans and into the toilet. The rest flowed down my pant legs. I couldn't help but smile with relief, and a few tears of relief fell from my eyes. I felt so naughty :3

After my pee, I noticed the small puddle under me. Out of politeness, I clean it with toilet paper. My mess, my responsibility. I tied my sweater around my waist to cover up MOST of the wet patch. It was moderately noticeable. I ran out the restroom, out of the building. While power-walking, I noticed only three people look at me weirdly. Was it because they happen to lookat everything weirdly, or they noticed something else?

It was embarrassing then, but now that Im away and think of it, I find it thrilling. I found my car, and collapsed on the seat out of tiredness. I want to say it was a legitimate accident, but I could have taken my jeans off in the stall. Either way, I enjoyed it! It was unplanned and everything, so it had the element of an accident in it. I nearly went in front of a hundred people, which I would have DIED of humiliation. I like the adrenaline of humiliation, but I have limits too!

Needless to say, I did some "things" when I got home. I thought id share one of my best experiences ever with you guys before I crash for the night! Im sure the near future holds more experiments, both planned and unplanned!

(BTW: I took a photo afterwards. but I cant post it here for now. my laptop has been acting weird, ive tried sending photos to others, with a new adapter and SD cards and stuff, but its my laptop. ill take it to a computer place to see what I can do with a limited budget. ill post it when I can, promise!)

*005*2015-01-24 17:22

{{: 

With this plus the evenestaurant in one of your first posts, is this the sort of thing that happens to you often?

}}

Not really

This and the restaurant were two incidents were I found myself in situations where i didnt expect to wet myself

Now with a busy schedule, I've recently found myself in situations where i dont have the time to wait in bathroom lines or anything like that

I hope I dont come off as suspicious or anything though, or a liar. Im not telling stories like wetting myself in a playboy mansion and then making out with megan fox.

*006*2015-01-24 18:01

Btw, thanks for feedback! Im happy you guys enjoyed it!

*008*2015-01-25 01:34

Ohhh, lol im sorry for misinterpreting you

Not really. I have an actual bladder issue (enuresis) that I have been taking medicine for

Other than that, these are just recent situations due to my schedule. Im taking a bunch of classes and working more as a tutor, so I like I said I dont have the time to even take a bathroom break. It was like this last semester. So because of that, I have gotten really desperate during class before and while working. The restaurant was a legitimate accident due to my desperation though

*010*2015-01-25 02:07

No worries!

They dont really distress me. Im OK with being desperate. Besides, it forces me to pay more attention in class to distract myself lol

