I may have created a monster...!

Author: danewet

*000*2013-08-20 21:26

I have had a female friend for some years...just a platonic relationship that has grown into a very close friendship.

Somehow circumstances when we met, made me disregard it as a potential relationship...even though I knew she had a crush on me. Just didn't feel right...kinda hard to explain.

But we have been on travels together just the two of us, and shared beds in hotels etc...so we were very intimate, just not lovers.

The strange thing about it for me, was that I could never imagine her being into anything kinky...and maybe that made me doom a relationship with her to fail...and I cared too much about her to pretend anything that could end up hurting her.

This summer we went on a trip together, and she confided that she had been dating a guy...but didn't want him anyway because she was in love with me.

So I was sort of forced to come clean...and vaguely told her that I couldn't imagine us together, because I felt my sexuality would be incompatible with hers.

This went on a week or so, and she kept pressing on what it was...and I just couldn't bring myself to telling her.

Until this one evening in a hotel in a big city with lots of lights and gambling (you do the math)...and we had had quite a few drinks.

We were hanging out with our friends in a bar and it was getting pretty late...so at one point we stood up to go to our room, and she said something to the effect of "I need to pee...so lets just get going".

Being a bit drunk, it somehow led to us getting to our room...and started making out right away.

She said she really needed to pee...but didn't want to go right there...so she joked that if I pressed to hard on her bladder, she would end up peeing herself.

I guess that just made me even more enthusiastic...and we just kept making out and fondling, and ended up in the bed.

She kept talking about her needing to pee...but I just kept holding her there...and we just laughed about it for a while.

But then I just told her...."wanna know my secret? ...I really think that it's incredibly sexy when a grown woman pees herself" ...

"Is that all?" she replied..."wow what a relief...I thought it would be something really strange!"

"Oh...so you don't find that revolting or strange?" ..."No...that's kinda cute"

We just kept on kissing and fondling in the bed...and at one point I could see a wet spot growing in her crotch

To make this already very long story a bit shorter, the rest of the trip became very intense and very wet!

And the past month since we came back home, it has just continued...and her favorite fun is to surprise me all the time with wetting herself when I am the most unaware...and see how long it takes for me to notice

She confided in me that she wet her bed until she was 11...so she felt it was liberating just to pee whenever she wanted, and get sexually rewarded.

Bottom line is that she has ended up very wet every time I have seen her since...and she even seems to enjoy to admire the wet spots on her pants

I could not have imagined that we would end up where we are now, just a couple of months ago.

A couple of pics where she decided to soak her jeans this weekend

&&

&&

&&

&&

*003*2013-08-20 23:54

{{:

I does sound like you did created a monster, but it does sound like she has a wetting fetish before she knew you or I'm wrong?

}}

No...she was unaware of wetting as a fun thing, but I really have to pinch myself as to how fast and deeply she has taken to it!

I was sitting on a goldmine totally ignorant of what I was missing out of.

And to top it off she's my favorite company, and a really smart and sweet woman

*012*2013-08-21 18:33

Thanks for all your nice replies

I honestly don't know if she is into anything else kinky...and I don't think she knows either.

But she seemed to like the idea of diapers...which is not a main thing for me, but has been a natural part of play with other girlfriends.

There is something special about washing a naughty wet girl, and putting her in diapers because she keeps wetting herself

And she says she likes to be a "little girl"...but really doesn't know in what way that should manifest itself.

But I look forward to exploring every aspect of her...in a natural pace.

I can open doors for her...and if she likes to enter...then we take it from there!

At the moment I'm more preoccupied trying to deal with my own disbelief....I just didn't see this coming at all.

*019*2013-08-22 19:44

{{:

O_o

This is literally the kind of thing I've always dreamed of, but have also come to believe, in the past, that it will never happen.

Excellent experience, thank you for sharing!

}}

I'm not one to preach, but if you stop believing in the things you really dream about...then you might prevent them from happening somehow.

This is the fourth girlfriend I have had wetting games with...so it does happen.

The former girlfriend on my profile avatar, is still a close friend of mine...and my current girlfriend and me often hang out with her and her current boyfriend.

She does not know that we have a "wet" relationship now...but my current girlfriend knows that I had that with her over 10 years ago.

So just to point out that it isn't all that impossible and rare

And I have also posted 3 different pics of another wet girlfriend on this very site....

Like this one https://omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_rel_module=post&attach_id=9428

This one https://omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_rel_module=post&attach_id=9427

And this one https://omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=attach&section=attach&attach_rel_module=post&attach_id=11545

*022*2013-08-28 13:31

Last night I caught her lounging on the sofa with her ipad... hmm...she loves to just do "it" whenever she feels like, when she's at my place.

And I guess I love when she does that too

