Wetting in the hotel

Author: billy75

*000*2013-05-18 23:54

So, let it be known that this is the first time I've ever posted anything like this, on a site such as this. But, the experience was very real, and happened about half a year ago. To add, the experience was wonderful.

I had been checking out site that show videos of ladies peeing their jeans and for some reason it became such a turn on, and caused some of the most intense climaxes, that I wanted to experience it first hand with someone I was interested in having sex with. So, my homegirl and I were texting one night and we eventually started 'sexting' when the subject of fetishes came up, and I told her that one of mine was watching a woman wet herself. She did pause for a moment but became interested and looked up the subject. We had been talking about getting a room together to spend some time and make love, but after hearing about my fetish, she was willing to go a bit further and make the fantasy come true. We even painted a picture of the whole thing via an email story we started back and forth with each other, where she created the fantasy and I filled in the next parts.

Finally, on the day we were supposed to meet, I could barely contain myself when I picked her up that day. She had an extra change of clothes and was looking really good. We talked for a while and drove to the hotel. When we got there and we checked in, we made our way to the room, closing and locking the door behind us. The room was really nice, had a kitchenette, huge shower, and a kig sized bed. We looked around a bit, put our stuff down, made the room seem a bit cozier with the lights dim. We hugged, since I didnt really get to do that when I picked her up. The hug lingered for a while, as we never let each other go.

She looked at me and I her, and we kissed softly. A kiss that soon became more intense by the minute. We broke our grip on each other and she reached down to rub my member through my pants. Not waiting much longer, she reached down to loosen my belt and release my member from constraint, and she slowly massaged it while watching my reactions. Later, she lowered herself to the floor in front of me and inhaled my member into her mouth. Man, that felt so good. Slow, smooth strokes made for an intense experience. Now, while I was thinking that while we kissed earlier, she would be wetting herself at that time. 

I was so wrong. While she was applying her handy work down below on me, I faintly heard the sound of water trickling but I couldnt tell from where. And then it had stopped. And then again I heard it, but it was a much louder sound than before. That is when I noticed that while she was pleasuring me, she was in fact peeing in her jeans. She had wet her jeans enough to create a nice puddle on the floor in front of the kitchenette, and I was so turned on at this point that my climax reached its point and sent me over the edge nicely, with her mouth still in position over me. She didnt seem to stop for a while, but when she did, she had finally stripped down to nothing and made her way to the shower to clean up...and invited me in.

Once in the shower, we both took turns cleaning each other up...which then led to more hot kisses...which led us to promptly dry off and head to that big, nice, king size bed. When we got to the bed, I couldnt even tell you how long we laid there making sweet love to each other, with the wall size mirror providing a quite sexy visual experience for us to enjoy. And after it was over, and we both had climaxed to the point of exhaustion, we laid there silently, basking in the afterglow.

*004*2013-05-19 18:07

Thank you guys for the great responses! I didnt think I would hear anything back with this one story, so I am willing to share more.

