Mardi Gras

Author: Anna May

*000*2015-02-18 06:56

So it's about midnight here as I'm writing this story soon after arriving home from a short vacation in New Orleans visiting one of my cousins, her name is Mindy.

Around this time of the year, that is the day before Ash Wednesday, they celebrate Mardi Gras.

It's all fun and everything, but it's a public event which means that public accidents are more likely.

This story isn't about me personally, but indeed something I witnessed.

We arrived at the parade that we were going to watch (I believe it was called Zulu) two hours early at an astounding 6:00 AM (Not to mention we left at about 5:00). This means we had to sit in our car for three hours, as where we were standing would only see the parade come an hour after it starts. We sat in the car for about an an hour and 45 minutes. We were talking about something or listening to the radio, I don't remember, but at that time, some woman randomly started beating on our window. 

She seemed kind of young, she was a brunette, a little bit chubby on the face but overall a nice body. probably a little older than 21. She yelled to my husband(Who was in the driver's seat) if she could pee right there (covered by the doors of our car). We were right next to a port-a-potty, so we weren't necessarily about to let this happen, as even though I have this fetish, I find it quite awkward with complete strangers in real situations. So she danced around for a second, before we saw a dark spot forming on her jeans. She stormed off angrily after saying some 'adult' words. Quite embarrassing for everyone, to say the least on our part. I feel bad about it now, it does suck to be in that situation.

This was probably one of the weirdest things I've experienced so far in my life, but I think I can live with it, heh heh.

Thank you for reading, not a really long story, but there really wasn't much to the story.

*002*2015-02-18 07:20

I seemed to have forgot to mention it, but the port-a-potties were quite busy.

