My Introduction and First Accident in School

Author: Luna Love

*000*2014-01-22 05:42

Hello Friends :) I'm going to make my first post today, and I think ill share one of my earlier experiences with Wettings and Omorashi.

So, first off I assume you may or may not want me to give some background information on myself, either way I am going to anyway so if you want to read about the accident go right ahead my friend :)... First things first my name is Luna and I am 20 years of age. I try to act cool and all around strangers and people in general, but I can not lie I’m the biggest Nerd xD.

I love Harry Potter, and really any kind of Fantasy novel. I Enjoy any kind of Music also, I love to listen from the calm exciting works or Beethoven symphony 9 mvt. 4 (Aka Ode to Joy) To some crazy Dub step mental patient stuff.

Oh, I almost forgot I'm Canadian and was born in Ontario and lived there for about nine years until about I believe that would be 3rd grade?

Well, either way my main language is French and I find myself speaking it more than English, or shall I rephrase that whole little mumble session to I have never fully understood the English language, and I hope so Far I have done well with grammar and punctuation of the sort. Just feel I should respect you American/English Speakers language and at least attempt to use correct sentence structure and make sense of what im saying...

Whoopee sorry I'm mumbling on again I tend to do that a lot hah... Well, where was I? Oh, Yes how I'm Canadian and so forth... Next I will give you a brief description of my looks I assume, no specifics or actual Pictures but I hope you guys get a general idea... So, I have a sorta Dirty Blond hair color, blue eyes, I would say my height is about 5'7'' ft. and I guess I can say I have average to above average facials and so on (if I can be honest I'm typically lay-ed back and don’t care/ pay much attention to if I look bad and if others would mind my appearance)

A couple more things and its onto my story I promise :) , I would just like to say my back ground in omorashi. Well, I was potty trained by the age of about two. But, like some children I would have maybe the occasional accident until six years of age. (BTW that accident at age 6 before I stopped having the acceptable accident was so embarrassing I may also tell it since it's short, and I remember a little bit of it.) But, all that changed at around age 9 when I moved from Canada to the U.S. I can say maybe it was stress or something like that on my young age of moving and leaving all my friends and comfort I started to wet the bed (blush) and it was only like maybe once of twice a month but still a pain when I would have a accident.

But, it didn't pose much of a problem until I started middle school at the age of 12... 6th grade is the year I believe... I was stressed out from a school so much larger than my old one. This, affected me It did not really affect my bed wetting, which by then I had worked down to maybe 1 or 2 accident s per every 3 months. But this decline in bet wetting lead to something much Worse The troubles of Day time Wetting....... Which now leads into my story (HORRAY!!! I know you been waiting and I thank you if you read my whole introduction to myself and background YOU ARE AWESOME, or in french Vous êtes génial :) )

Onward, this story is set back in 6th grade the year I started to have day time accident. It was one of my first daytime accidents I believe if not the first! I had a small bladder then, and do still to this day... I usually would have to Pee by about 11:10 A.M. Or so since I had lunch at 10:15 and usually had a drink that would fill my bladder like water or a tea. Although it may seem like a problem to have to pee at a certain time every day, it was not a problem. I had the sweetest teacher for my 5th period. He was a old fellow who was a exquisite Reading teacher who loved to teach so, he didn’t mind my bathroom breaks since I normally still completed all my work.

But, this day was different by 11:10 I really didn't have to pee but I didn’t want to take a risk since I was extremely shy around many students and having a accident would be extremely tragic. So, I as always got up walk to the teachers desk and asked to use the wash room whenever it opened (my middle school opened bathrooms 5-7 minutes after the period began) He gave his usual smile and said or course and wrote me a pass.

Now, I was walking down the hall to L hall the closest bathroom to my class found in H hall. I;m still puzzled to this day on why this restroom was closed this day maybe the usual bathroom sign in person was not present for the day. Well, either way as far as I knew I could hold it and walk all the way across the building to B hall since I knew already D halls bathroom for girls was closed due to a sink leaking or something of that sort.

So, I was casually walking down the hall to B-Hall which to give an idea of length it is from L-Hall is a 4 minute walk (like I said my middle school was big, and no running allowed). The next event in this story is kinda sudden and I still don't know how or why it happened but ill continue. I was about halfway to the B-Hall bathroom, when I felt a small damp feeling near my panties. I thought to myself “Huh, what is that feel?” Well it took me a couple seconds to realize I was Peeing my pants!!! I quickly jammed my hands into my crotch with lightning speed. I was in such shock I was shaking almost. Just a minute ago I felt no major need to urinate, but here I was now fighting myself not to totally wet my panties and pants in school!

I took a couple steps still with my hands on my crotch area, and as I stepped I felt a little leak come out and I whisper yelled “what is going on!!!” I was all of a sudden doubled over in pain in my bladder, I was in such shock tear came to my eyes. I had never needed a bathroom so badly before...

Now, you may ask how this occurred, but like I stated earlier I still have no clue why my bladder did a full 180 flip from little urge to pee to Full on brink of breaking into a full on set Of wet pants.

As, I was holding myself nearly wetting myself I looked down to my pants, I saw a small patch of wetness, not to bad, but noticeable that I had a small accident... I hobbled my way down the hall three quarters of the way there, and I heard some male voice walking down the hall... It was my Principal … I suddenly jumped and pulled my hands from my bladder region and pulled out my pass so he wouldn’t stop me, He greeted me and didn’t seem to notice my small wet patch. I was grateful for a moment. Although while he walked by and got out of eye site I felt a stream or pee coming out and I cried in agony as I jammed my hands back it my crouch barley regaining my already weak command over my fragile bladder.

Me so shaken and out of it looked down at my crotch... and to my displeasure and utter disappointment I saw a wet patch the size of at least a basketball... I was heart broken but I knew if I stood there any longer I would fully wet my self... I continued my journey to the restroom, and finally oh so finally made it to my sweet relief I was so close I went up to the lady trying my best to cover my wet crotch, signed into the restroom (another thing my school had in place to tell if you went to the restroom more than once a day) and went and grabbed the handle to the door.

I bolted in and completely forgot how bad I was, and by the time I got to a stall that was working I had leaked a stream of Urine out and now my ass was completely soaked and was pouring out onto the floor, I finally ripped my jeans off and sat on a toilet but didn’t get my panties down and peed through the for another 1 seconds before my bladder was finally empty... I pulled u my jeans and went and looked in a mirror... To my horror as I looked into it I saw my jeans which where the color red where soaked to the max and I smelled strongly of Pee... I cried so embarrassed and wondering what would happen now...

Well, thatch it for this experience :) … I enjoyed recalling such a crazy experience even if at the time I was mortified. I hope this to be the first of many experiences I share with you wonderful people here on Omorashi.org I also hope my English was up to par or at least not poor enough to ruin the experience for you guys... Yet again hope you enjoyed and ill keep working on my Decent English and think of more of my many embarrassing experiences to share, and any advice or criticism is fine and I would also like to ask if anyone knows how in hell did I go from not really needed the bathroom one minute to basically wetting myself the next Thanks!!!! :)

*005*2014-01-23 05:38

{{ 

Thank you for sharing hun, having had a handful of accidents in school I can commiserate.

}}

Thanks Rachel, i enjoy reading your experiences and stories as well :)

{{ 

Oh my goodness, you poor thing :( I hope you got home ok.

}}

Hahaha, i did forgot to mention that, had to get pick up early since school nurse had no extra cloths for some reason that day

*008*2014-01-23 20:11

{{ 

Aw, :( Ah well, at least you got the day off.

}}

Yeah, that true hahaha :)

Luna

