Memory number 3

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-01-17 22:38

I coulden't think of a good title for this one. Apologies.

Twas a sunny day. And by sunny I mean it was ground meltingly hot. You could probably fry and egg on the car we arrived in. As your humble narrator and co. left the big hunk of metal, I took a glance at the other people with me. We have "Sophie" She was the unlucky star of wetting number 1. My brother. Her little brother and her friend who shall be our star this time. I didn't bother to find out her name due to my lack of caring. She was around 5"5-6 meaning she was alot smaller than your humble narrator. She had blonde hair which reached down past her shoulders, Sadly it was dyed so she was left with brown eyebrows. Her boobs is what I have a problem with. I can't quite figure out what bra size she is. I'd guess a C but I'm really bad at this. My main point of attraction on her was her ass. She had one hell of an ass, which I frequantly glanced at.

We had come to "The pyrimiads", It was a set of hills all shaped like gigantic pyrimids. Around this area were lots of frog spawn and fish, The reason for my brother and her little brother for being here. Like myself Sophie had been dragged along, she had been lucky enough to select a companion before being dragged out, while I was stuck with no one I'm paticualry fond of. I decided to entertain myself by listening to music. While this made me seem like an asshole, I didn't really care. Suddenly I had a loud shout and a dog barking. I tore out my headphone and whirled around.

The patch had started in the center of her legs and spread out, slowly etching it's way around her ass and up her crotch. It now started to make it's way down her legs, leaving a massive trail behind it. When it reached her knee, the urine slid its way around and coneccted with the urine dripped down her amazing ass. Then I heard laughter. Everyone was laughing. I joined in. The dog had scared her enough to make her pee. Though I don't usually approve of people letting their dogs of the leashes, I can make an exception for this. I watched as this pretty little blonde as she laughed at her lovely new pants. It was gorgeusness and gorgeousity, at it's peak. I loved every single second of it. My mum said that she had some spare pants back in the car and lead her away. As she walked away, I took a glance at her perk ass and smirked. "It's gonna be hard to top this one" I thought.

Oh and it was.

