My wetting game: Walking the Dog

Author: pantygurl

*000*2014-07-25 20:18

I want to share my favourite wetting game with you all. In a short form i arleady wrote about it in a topic called "peeing in random places" but here it is going to be more in detail.

The basic idea is that you go on a walk with a dog and pee everytime the dog pees. You have to pee at least a little bit and it doesn't matter where you are and who can see you.

I wear different types of clothes. Sometimes skirt or black jeans. Sometime with or without panties.

Before i start i drink a lot of water until i feel a little desperate.

Then i take my dog on the leash and we start walking.

The first time he pees is usually right at the tree in front of our house. The difficulty here is not to let out too much pee because there has to be enough left for the rest of our 4km walk.

We start walking on the street where there are smaller houses on both sides. When the weather is good there are many people in their gardens. First there is the house of an old woman who is usually sitting on her veranda watching the people. Bad for her she has a hedgerow planted next to the street that is about one meter high so she doesnt see what i am actually doing when my dog pees at the hedge two times :D Only the ones who walk there later wonder about the wet patches.

After that there comes another tree on a little field of grass so there is only a very little chance anyone notices what im doing.

Then we walk on a dirt path which is very popular for hiking. It also leads to a playground so there are many parents with cildren as well as couples and hiking groups and even mountainbikers.

It is about two and a half kilometers long and involves about ten to twelve pees. Sometimes there are people right next to you so you think they can hear the pee splashing on the ground, and other times there seems to be noone around at all.

After that we come back to the town in form of a big road with a lot of traffic. if i had wet my skirt too ovious everyone would see it but it is only a short way along that road until i get back into my neighbourhood where everyone knows everyone.

When i am back home i should have left some pee inside me so i sit on the bench in front of my house and pee the rest out of me!

I always love these walks and i hope that someone of you likes my story and gives that game a try him or herself :)

*010*2014-09-14 14:53

I dont really want myself wetting in a video out here. that is too private and i dont know who sees it.

I would not be mad if someone takes this idea and makes a video out of it thou.

That would be great!

