True stories of my wife

Author: makingherhold

*000*2013-07-12 17:21

Hi to you all, been a member for a while but just a lurker (sorry). Thought it was time to add some of the times i have enjoyed and been part of my wifes desperation for the last 32 years.

I have posted a couple of stories on experience project and will move them to this site and add more if you want them.

They are true stories dating back from her teenage years up to the present day (a gorgeous 50 year old woman who i love dearly). If she is to old for these stoires to be told then please just let me know.

This first story is one which i remember well, it is from about 20 years ago when she was 29 or 30. It was not a planned holding session, just turned into one and I always found these to be the best.

I had bought her some clothes for Christmas and of course being a man, a new leather jacket i had bought didn't fit, so a few days after Christmas we decided to take it back, change it and hit the sales. Now we live out in the sticks in Wales, so our nearest city for shopping is about 65 miles away, so we decided to leave home at 7.30 so we would be able to park.

She got up at 7.00am and had her usual mug of tea for breakfast, and we left on time, she was wearing tight spandex leggings and heels with a top and a short leather jacket. We got to the city by 9-00 and parked, and decided it was breakfast first, had breakfast and she had a mug of coffee and started shopping. By 11.00 we decided to have a drink because the bacon had been salty and it we both had dry mouths. had coffee and were in the cafe when i said i would go and have a pee, no problem, came back and sat down and she said she would have one as well.

She was only gone for about 30 seconds and when she got back i said "that was quick", "no way am i using those toilets they are disgusting" she said, "I will wait". So we carried on, by about 1-00 we had done most of the shopping we needed in the city centre so we headed back to the car with the bags, I could see her looking around on the way back for the toilets and sure enough we came to some. "just going to the loo" she said and headed off, but was back in 10 seconds "closed" she said, "seems its not my day to be able to pee today". Well that started the old brain turning, and i felt the first stirring in the trouser dept.

We got back to the car and got in, "so if its not your day to pee babe, why not make it a day where you cant pee?" i said. She looked at me and smiled, "I guessed when I said it wasn't't my day it would get you thinking" she laughed "ok why not" she said. "So how full are you" i asked "getting full but I'm ok" was the answer, "so we need to get you fuller then and see you squirm" I told her, "so lets go hit some more shops".

We drove out of the city centre and went to the outskirts where there was a large shopping retail park, and i took her straight for lunch. We spent almost an hour in the cafe because i told her she needed two coffees to keep herself hydrated (yes i can be a mildly cruel sod) and then we left. It was almost 2.30 by now and she hadn't been to the toilet for over 7 hours, so i asked her again how she was doing, "lets just say don't make me stand in one place too long or people might start to notice" was her answer, knowing that it was exactly what i would get her to do, "so you are pretty full now then?" i asked, "yes" was the reply.

We started walking round the stores, and i browsed a lot, stopping to check things out, she would stop as well and stand with the stance women have when they need to pee, sort of tipping the hips over so it just puts a little pressure on the pee pipe and helps, we spent an hour round the stores, and by the end she had changed to the crossed leg stance whenever we stood still for more than 10 seconds, a sure sign to us who know what to look for, but not so outrageous that it is common knowledge to all

By 3.30 we were back in the car and she instantly crossed her legs when she sat down, "feeling a bit full now babe" i asked, "getting desperate would be nearer the truth" she replied. Ok theres nobody about so can i check you out please i asked. If we play the game of her holding, i like to check her out when she is getting full, I check her bladder and sometimes slip a finger inside her to see how tight she is getting, and you can feel the bladder well from inside her vagina. She looked around the car park, but we were parked on our own and there wasn't anyone near, she uncrossed her legs and i put my hand on her abdomen, sure enough it was tight and full, she has a slim figure, not skinny, she is just slim and shapely, but i could feel the bulge and the tension in her abdomen, I gently squeezed it and she winced, "be careful please babe " she said, "i really need the loo bad", "so i can see" i answered, "better start heading home i think", "yes please she said".

We started driving home, but on the way we saw B&Q and i remembered genuinely something i needed and as it was sale time it might be cheaper so i pulled into the car park, "can i stay in the car?" she asked, "no please come in with me you are making me so horny" i answered so she did, we went in and found the item and joined the queue for the tills, I was standing behind her and she immediately crossed her legs, i was watching her cute bum and i could see her clenching and relaxing her muscles to hold the pee in, she was having a hard time looking relaxed now and i guess if anybody had looked long enough they would have guessed that she was a woman with a problem, her legs were tightly crossed and when we moved in the queue she took a step and crossed them again straight away.

That queue took about 5 minutes to get us to the till, and by then she was showing even more signs, cross her legs one way, then cross them the other. While the guy at the till was totaling our purchases i saw him look at her a few times, now she is a beautiful woman, and i know she has always had admirers and I'm a lucky guy to be with her, but after he checked fer face, i saw his eyes go down to her legs and I'm sure he knew what the problem was, and he kept looking at her on the sly for the entire time we were paying.

Back in the car she took off her shoes and slipped one heel underneath her and sat on it, pressing it into her pee hole, "now i am desperate" she said, "please get me home or there will be an accident". We headed home, and she sat there rocking on her heel and squirming, i reached over and felt her belly, "oh god be gentle please" she said, "I'm really full now" and she was, her stomach was sticking out and tight, i gently squeezed it again and she gasped. "you are loving this aren't you" she said. "you know i am babe i answered, "but there is a long time before you pee yet you know that!"

We drove towards home and after about 45 minutes i stopped at a local garage, "come on i said, its time to buy you a drink" her face dropped, but she got off of her heel and put her shoes on and we went into the garage, i got her a bottle of coke and we went to pay, now it was obvious she needed to pee, and so i said to the guy at the counter "got any toilets mate?",yeah round the back he said looking at my wife, we went out and round the side of the garage, she was looking at me strangely as if she knew something was not right.

The toilets were just a single unisex room with one standard toilet, " come on" i said and took her inside and locked the door, "whats happening" she asked? "i am having a pee i told her and stood there and had a long satisfying pee in front of her "oh you bastard" she said as she watched and she put her hand between her legs and squeezed herself while crossing her legs over her hand, "oh god im going to piss myself in a minute" she moaned. "No your not" i told her as i zipped back up "your not a baby, you can hold it, but i want to have a feel inside" i said .

She slowly uncrossed her legs and took her hand away and i pulled down her leggings and lacy white knickers, the area above her pubic hairs was swollen and it extended up to her stomach, i could tell she was really full, she had drunk almost a litre of coffee/tea which is both mildly diuretic and not had a pee for about 10 hours (i have known her hold it for almost 32 hours before but thats another story and circumstances and amount she drunk was different).

I gently kissed her on the abdomen, i had a raging hard on at this point and would have loved to make love to her there and then, but i just slipped a finger gently inside her. She was tight, and she groaned as i did it, but she was wet from the fact she was horny as well as desperate and my finger slid in. I could feel her bladder wall pressing on my finger and i gently poked it and rubbed it, she groaned again and her legs quivered "please babe, don't or i will pee" she said, so i took my finger out and she pulled her clothes back up.

We went back to the car and carried on, i gave her the bottle of coke and told her she needed to finish that before we got home. She was sitting on her heel again and had crossed her legs as well and sat there rocking and sipping the drink. We got home about 5.15 and went into the house, she was dancing now and had given up any attempt to hide her desperation. "What now" she asked, "lets get you changed into something else" i said (I love her in short skirts and stockings, but its not the clothes to wear out in winter) so we headed up to the bedroom, what a site, a desperate dancing lady, getting undressed, while trying to hold herself and unable to stand still, seeing her put stockings and suspenders on, while trying to not pee herself gave me a major hard on and i went behind her and put my arms round her waist...

"Don't, please don't im nearly peeing" she said, but i hugged her and squeezed her bladder, it was sticking out like she was 2 months pregnant, and was hard as rock "oh god don't she said grabbing herself again (she was naked now apart from the stockings and the white lacy knickers) and i could not wait any longer, so i lay her on the bed and took off her knickers and kissed her bewteen the legs, she was moaning, bucking her hips and i could see her pee muscles clenching and clenching, "please" she said "F$%k me". So we made love, slowly and gently, and it did not last long, we came almost together and then she exploded and started peeing herself.

She stopped the flow and jumped up and ran to the en-suite and peed for about 40 seconds, a hard stream and then she came back to the bed and we made love again.

This is a true story, im not here to make up things, so if you want more let me know, if its not graphic enough im sorry, if the fact she didnt pee for 3 minutes afterwards or drink 4 ltrs before is not enough for you im sorry, but i give accounts of my wife, a real woman, who can hold over a litre of pee, and who can hold for a long time, but im talking real time, not some of the storys i have read where the woman holds for 3, 4, 5, 6 days, and then pees 2 gallons that is fantasy, this is fact, maybe there are some super women out there, but i have a normal one, who I love dearly and would never do anything to hurt her or push her farther than she wants, she knows that if it is too much she just has to tell me and we stop, but so far in 32 years she never has.

*005*2013-07-13 10:47

I would just like to thank everyone for the interest shown for my wife's stories. Showed her the posts and she was impressed (might get another good hold from her lol).

Anyway this is the other story i had posted on experience project, i will write some new ones directly on here over the next weeks, so many years, so many stories, so many good times.

This happened on New Years Eve 2011. We had decided to go out for a meal and a few drinks with friends to celebrate the New Year. We always take turns in driving when we go out to drink, living in the "sticks" you have to drive or pay a fortune for a taxi. Well it was Janes turn to drive, but i gave her a choice lol. "i will drive and you can drink, if you wont use the toilet?" i asked. She thought about it and then answered with a smile "you are a cheeky old sod but go on then, it sounds like fun".

We got ready about 5.00pm as we had to go and pick up a couple of friends who we were taking with us, Jane wore a pair of tight legings and a short dress over the top and heels (she is still a size 10 after almost 30 years of marriage and still only weighs justover 8 stone and also looks 10 years younger than she is so she gets away with wearing almost anything). I noticed Jane never used the toilet as she was getting dressed or before we left, but didnt say anything. We left about 6.00 and went to pick up our friends who lived about 3 miles away, they werent ready so we went in and they offered us a drink, Jane had a glass of wine but i declined because i was driving.

The restaurant was in a pub about 20 miles away and we got there about 7.00, ordered drinks (she started with a tia maria and coke) and met the others. It was a good meal, and we all were laughing and talking and joking, Jane had another few Tia Maria's and moved onto doubles, we finished the meal about 9.00 and ordered coffee, while we waited the 2 of us went outside to smoke, "Why didnt you pee before we left" I asked, "because i wanted to make this fun she said, im going to push myself in public for you and see how well i can hide it" she answered "when did you pee then" i asked, "just after 3" was her answer, "and i have had 2 mugs of tea since then as well" she said with a cheeky smile "so do you need to pee" i asked? "Not saying" she said, "you tell me when you notice my need" and with that she walked back in.

Well we carried on with the evening, they had put on a disco and before long we were up and dancing, Jane is a good mover, and watching her dance, knowing she hadnt had a pee for over 6 hours, tea, wine, spirits, and coffe not to mention a big helping of ice cream for dessert, i guessed she needed to pee, but also knew she was hiding it. I noticed she was drinking slower, so being cheeky i went and got her another double to "put the pressure on".

Around 10.30 she went out for a smoke, i followed but watched her through the window in the door, she was walking around smoking, and basically not standing still, i went out to her and we walked round the corner, when we were out of sight i pulled her close and kissed her "someone needs to pee" i whispered in her ear, "No someone is dying to pee" she whispered back and crossed her legs, "you are a sod buying that extra drink, i was trying to cut them down", i just grinned at her and kissed her again. "still over an hour till midnight" i said "dont remind me" she answered, "you going to make it?" i asked "i hope so, but it will be hard to hide it, im getting really full"

"well you had better keep dancing then i am sure that helps", "yeah it does, for now" she answered.

We went back in and i danced with her, after a while we went and sat down, we had a table to ourselves at this point because the others were dancing or at the bar, she sat and crossed her legs tightly, "40 minutes to midnight" i said, "then another 30 probably till we leave and then 30 minutes home" Oh God" she said "im getting really desperate" she was sat with her legs crossed, but other than that she showed no signs, "dont forget your drink" i said "thanks a lot, you are so kind" she said poking her tongue out at me. Some friends came back and we talked for a while, i kept looking at her out of the corner of my eye and could see she was crossing and recrossing her legs and sliding around on the seat to get comfortable and relieve the pressure.

About 11.45 i asked her if she wanted a smoke, "yeah lets go" she said and got up and headed out, on the way one of our friends stopped us for a chat, and i could see Jane squirming ever so slightly, we moved on and got outside, she went round the corner and found we were not alone, so she just stood with her back against the wall and crossed her legs in a casual manner, we started smoking and after a couple of minutes the others went back in "thank god for that she said" and bent at the waist still with her legs crossed " im so full, that alcohol is going straight to the bladder" she moaned "its almost midnight" i said lets go back in.

"one more minute" she said and put her hand between her legs and held herself tightly and rubbed her ** through the dress leggings and knickers "oh that feels good" she said "ok lets go" and we went back indoors, she went back to the dance floor and kept herself moving, then the new year started and we kissed and everybody shook hands and kissed the ladies. I hugged Jane and whispered in her ear "another hour and you will be home"

"another hour and i will explode" she said, "I need to hold myslef im so full, oh god i dont know if i can last"

"you will" i said, "i know you can do it" Im trying babe she said, but please lets go, i am really bursting and i really need to hold myslef or sit on my heel"

"Ok lets see if they are ready to go" i said, "we will say you have a headache"

"I'm going to sit down she said, standing is killing me, everybody will know i need the loo"

"ok" i said. I went and found our friends and they were ready to go anyway, so i called Jane and we headed out. The car was parked about 200 yards away and the walking helped her a bit, she was holding my hand and squeezing my fingers whenever she felt the desperation hit her. We got to the car and she got in the back with her friend, crossed her legs tightly and twisted so her bottom was just off the seat on one side (it helps her put pressure on her ** lips by forcing them together). I started driving, and we had only gone about 2 miles when Sandra the other girl said "God i need to pee, i shpould have gone before we left, im getting desperate". This gave Jane a chance "Yeah i could do with one as well" she said "Im not suprised" Sandra said "Havent seen you go all night?"

"well i havent drunk much and been so busy dancing i never noticed" Jane answered with a laugh.

We drove on, and i could tell both of the girls conversation was getting less, they both needed to pee, but of course Jane was a lot fuller than Sandra, I could see Jane in the mirror and she had a look of deep concentration on her face, i knew she was nearing her limit, maybe even going past it. We got to the friends house and they got out, Sandra was dancing around as she said goodbye "you want to come in and pee Jane" she asked "No its ok im fine " Jane answered as she got out of the back seat and into the front, "ok well im going in now before i wet myself" Sandra said and they went in.

I started to drive, Jane was kicking off her shoes and moving her leg underneath herself, sitting on her heel and pushing it into her **, she sat and rocked forwards and backwards on her heel grinding her heel hard into herself, i was sitting there with a rock hard **, seeing my beautiful wife desperately trying to hold the pee in "I leaked" she said, "twice, just a dribble but i am so full, my belly is as hard as rock", she pulled up the dress and pulled the leggings away from her stomach, she was bulging, low down over her mons and up to her belly. She is normally quite flat in her stomach, not skinny, but gently rounded, sexy and soft, but i could see this was tight. "Wow i didnt expect to see it that bad babe" i said " i know its almost 10 hours but i didnt think you had that much to drink?"

"Its not 10 hours" she said, "its almost 13, i lied to you, i hadnt been since before lunch and i had 3 mugs of tea not 2, and i wanted to pee when we left home. I wanted to really push myslef and i have, a bit to far i think". She was gasping as she talked, rocking and squirmning and then she shoved her hand between her legs as well and started massaging her ** "please drive faster or im going to pee in the car"

We arrived home 2 minutes later and i went round to help Jane out, i carried her to the house, she couldnt take her hand away from between her legs, and we got inside, she squatted down on her heel, hand still between her legs and groaned "quick get the jug, we cant make love, im leaking, please quick babe or i will lose it all" I got our "Jug" a 2 ltr measuring jug and took it to her she stood and i helper her out of her leggings, me pulling her holding then slipped her little black knickers down, they were wet in the crotch, the gusset was soaked, she pushed the jug between her legs and let go, a strong hard stream, and it went on for about 45 or 50 seconds, she was gasping with releif and holding onto me as she peed. When she stopped she had let out just over 1.4 ltrs or almost 2.5 pints, her stomach had gone soft, you could actually see it softeneing as she peed.

When she finished she just grabbed me and kissed me and grabbed my **, "now i want that in me" she said, so we made love there at the bottom of the stairs, hard and fast, and then we showered together and went to bed and made love again.

*008*2013-08-12 15:17

Hi again to everyone who has read my previous posts about my Wife, and also a big thanks for the comments and encouragement shown, I have'nt had a lot of free time lately but thought i should relate a recent event regarding my Wife and her bladder.

This event actually happened only 3 weeks ago when we went away for a long weekend to North Wales.

It was Satruday morning and we had booked a 4 night stay in North Wales, basically revisiting places we had been to on the bike when we were first together 32 years ago. We left home just before 9-00am and went to a local cafe for a breakfast, Jane had been up since 7-30 and had her usual mug of tea for breakfast before leaving. We had breakfast and a mug of coffee each in the cafe and then set off (no she hadn't had a pee before leaving home and didn't go in the cafe either, but i did).

We were not in any rush, the distance to travel was only just over 120 miles but the roads are winding and we took our 2 seat spider with the hood down as it was a beautiful warm summers day. We stopped in a couple of towns on the way (Cardigan and Aberystwyth) did a bit of browsing and shopping for our daughters forthcoming wedding, and bought a large bottle of water to drink in the car as it was getting hot (about middy by now) then we continued the journey and drove a few miles to a craft centre at Corriss where there is about 10 different shops selling local hand made goods.

This is heaven to Jane, and i knew we would be here for a while. We walked around, and i have to say she did look sexy, warm weather meant a white dress, bare legs, sandles and i could see her white knickers through the partly transparent material of her dress. I was looking forward to getting to the hotel and making love to her, (best thing about kids growing up and moving out is you get your life back again and can go away on your own and act like teenagers again lol).

We had been at the centre about an hour when she said "lets grab a drink" so we went to the coffee shop and ordered two large drinks, we sat talked and drank the coffee's then it was back to shopping.

It was shortly after our drinks i started to notice "the signs", when jane was standing still and looking at something i could see her leg bending slighly against her other one, this is one of the first visible signs she needs to pee, i guess it is a sign any of us true desperation lovers would notice, but nobody else would give it a seconds thought. We left the shop and i asked her "looks like somebody needs to pee?"

"Yes" she said, "tea, 2 coffee's and water, it is time to find the ladies soon". "I think they are back in the car park love" i said, "I saw a sign when we were walking in". "well i will have to wait then won't I, I doubt i will be able to drag you back up here to follow me round if I leave to go and have a pee will I"? she said with a smile. "Well i have to admit i am enjoying the veiw" i said grinning at her. "Come on then she said, lets see what else you can buy me me " and we carried on shopping.

After about another 30 minutes when we were getting towards the end of the shops I noticed she had moved onto the "crossed legs" when standing still, I have to admit it was turning me on, she looked gorgeous, slim, shapely, great legs and knowing she had a pretty full bladder just made the feeling more intense. "Ready to admit defeat with the shops and head for the toilet" i asked "Not on your life" she said, "there is a jewelery shop at the end and I am not leaving till I have been in there"

It took another 30 minutes till we had finished and it was now almost 3-00pm, 7.5 hours since she had last been to the toilet, not a really long time for her, she does have a very strong bladder, always has had (must be all the free training i have given her over the years ), but i could tell she was getting full and i think she was glad that we had got to the end of the shops. We headed back to the car park and sure enough there was a sign pointing to the toilets down a track, we went down there and came to a pair of portaloos, "Oh god" she said, "i hoped they would be a proper toilet not these damm things, never mind its time to pee, I am getting pretty desperate". We both went into the toilets, I had a good long satisfying piss and came out and was suprised to see her standing outside. "You were quick" i said, "What are the mens like love" she asked "I am not using those toilets they stink and are full"

"Pretty much the same" I said, "have a look if you like". She did, "Oh god they are worse than the ladies" she said, "crossed legs for me then it seems" (she was stood with her legs crossed while she was talking) "Damm you are making me horny" i said. She laughed, "I swear you plan these trips to take me to every dirty toilet in the country, so you can get horny watching me and knowing im dying to pee!"

"If only i had a list of places without toilets and dirty portaloos then we wouldnt go anywhere else" I answered laughing, "Come on I'm sure we will find a toilet somewhere, but I admit I am hoping we don't" is said with a big grin.

We got back to the car and set off, she had pulled up her dress to expose her thighs to the sun and of course she had crossed her legs as soon as she sat down, brown thighs with her dress stopping only inches away from her knickers, crossed legs and i could see the slight bulge of her bladder through the dress, I was driving with a semi hard on and kept looking across at her as we cruised up through the mountains. She noticed my looks and reached across and rubbed my crotch "Someone is hard aren't they" she said and pulled her dress up farther to show her white lacy knickers "I guess you really are hoping that we don't find a toilet for me aren't you?"

"I have to admit it would make my day love, but i also want you to enjoy this break so when we find one i will stop" i said. "No you wont" she said, "lets get to the hotel and you make love to me before i pee, I'm horny, and my full bladder is making me even more horny, so lets not waste it". And with that she picks up the bottle of water and has a long drink!

What a woman, 50 years old, looks 40, body a 30 year old would be proud of, small, cute, sexy and with a big heart and she loves me!!! I am one fucking lucky guy.

So we drive on, i reach across and gently feel her bladder, its hard and full, she uncrosses her legs and lets me slide my fingers between her thighs and gently stroke her pussy "Mmm, thats nice" she said, "but be gentle love I am really getting full now" and tucks her leg underneath herself and sits on her heel.

We carry on, the hotel is about 30 minutes away at this time, and i speed up a little to save her discomfort. 20 minutes later we enter Betws y Coed following the sat nav and turn right and head out of the village towards the hotel which is now 7 miles away. we travel for about 4 miles when we come to a road closure sign and a diversion, and this is the problem with Wales, small roads, big mountains, and a diversion is exactly that, a bloody big delay. We follow the signs and sat nav recalculates, "23 miles to your destination, 38 minutes driving time"!

By now Jane has been sitting on her heel for about 30 mins and its almost 4-30pm, 9 hours without a toilet. "Why was i so stupid to have that big drink of water" she said, shifting on her heel to get a better position, "Bad now?" i asked, "Bursting" was her reply "want me to find a toilet?" i asked "No i want you to get us to the hotel and make love to me, but we will need a couple of towels to soak up the mess if you dont hurry" she said.

I drove as quick as the road would let me, but being lanes it wasn't that fast and it took 32 mintes to get to the small hotel we had booked. I parked the car in the car park and started to get our bags out, Jane slowly took her heel out from under her and gasped, "god im full, lets not take long getting in love please, its going to be worse when i stand up". She got out of the car, the bulge of her stomach/bladder (her bladder swells right up to her navel when she is full) was very noticable to me and she crossed her legs tightly while i locked the car, (she won't ever hold herself in public no matter how full she is, not only a strong bladder but she has an iron will as well and always tries to hide her need). I carried the bags and we went to the front door and went inside.

The owner Tim was in there waiting, but straight away you could tell he wasn't going to just give us the key and say "up the stairs on the right", this was a small hotel and it was built on personal service.

He asked how we were while i quickly filled in the paperwork, Jane was standing talking to him, not crossing her legs but standing in that "twisted over" stance women have so her thighs could put a little pressure on her bursting pussy. Tim then showed us up to our room, opened the door so i could put down the bags, explained how the tv worked and showed us the bathroom, Jane was doing well answering his questions, saying how nice it was whilst all the time trying not to stand still and trying to hide behind me when she could (she admitted afterwards that when he turned his back for a few seconds she grabbed her pussy and squeezed it hard, she said if she hadn't she was sure she would have leaked).

Then he showed us the rear stairs to the garden, again she half hid behind me and grabbed herself (i actually saw her this time, when he was pointing out things to do). I just wanted him to go, because even though i love to see my wife deperate, i dont want others to see it and i dont want to cause her pain or embarressment, eventually after what felt like an hour but was probably 3 or 4 minutes he left us alone.

I locked the door and turned round, jane was holding herself tightly and had crossed her legs and was bending at the waist "God I thought i was going to lose it just now" she said, "quick grab some towels and get your clothes off". I stripped and threw 2 towels on the bed, she hadnt moved, and was still standing cross legged with her hands between her thighs. "need help love?"

"help me with this dress please" she said, She took her hands out and i lifted the dress over her head. Her beelly was swollen and tight, her knickers had cut into her bladder leaving a line in her skin, i pulled them down and she uncrossed her legs and then grabbed her naked pussy as i took her knickers off.

There was no time for foreply, she didnt need it, she was wet and horny, and we lay on the bed and i entered her. I didnt take long for either of us, she leaked a little, but amazingly held most of it after her orgasm then ran with her hands between her legs to the bathroom and let out a pee that lasted ofr well over 30 seconds, and it was a strong pee, i wish i had a measuring jug coz i guess she was around the litre mark easily.

The hotel was great, the holiday brilliant, we had fun, made love like teenagers and we made love again one evening after having a few drinks when she needed to pee (not desperate, just a little full, which is how she really likes to make love as she says it gives her a bigger orgasm. When she is desperate she is scared to have a huge orgasm as she knows she will lose control)

Ok thats the story, i do have a lot more, I do have photographs of her, with bulging bladder and without, and videos and more, but she is not sure about showing anything like that, i guess it is all down to how she is received, i mean the stories and such. She says she is to old to be sexy, (totally wrong in my eyes as i love her and fancy her like crazy at all times, but them i am biased), so we will leave it to you kind people out there to let us know if you want more stories and anything else.

Thanks for reading

*019*2016-08-20 18:24

Hi guys and girls, thanks for remembering the stories, no i am still here, still with the same lovely lady and still enjoying our fun, just a lot gone on and a few changes in life, anyone who wants to know mail me, but yes we still have wet fun and love and i have other stories i could write and really should

Thanks again

