Some of my experiences

Author: Twitterboy1989

*000*2015-11-18 00:32

Hello,

I´d like to share some of my stories, collected over my lifetime. There are some spectacular ones i can tell you...

I´ll start with Sunday, 10 days ago. One of my friends with benefits wanted me to take me to Spa for a night. I was like, uhh.. ok!

When we where there, seeing all the naked people, feeling each other up etc, it didn't take me long to get aroused and think about peeing. This girl is really up for anything and does pretty much whatever i want, so first i asked her to pee underwater in my hand, which of course is not really a big deal so she did that.

I was getting more horny and got an idea as i was free the next day, i asked her if we were gonna chill at her house after. She was up for this... So I commanded her to drink 2 500ml bottles within the hour before we left, i wanted to make sure she had nice clean pee when we got there so i asked her to make sure she peed as well. She quickly downed the 2 bottled (which of course i happily refilled for her) within 5 minutes. I expected here to take like 30 minutes to an hour so this was good news. She went to search for a toilet as she didn't completely was able to empty all out in the water.

After a few minutes she came back telling she couldn't find it. I told her for failing she needed to drink a 3rd bottle. She was ok with this. When we were about to leave she was standing in front of me with her towel wrapped around her. She gave me a weird look and i instantly knew what was going on. Pee was dribbling down her legs and falling around her feet. People were walking within 10m and nobody noticed. I was getting really turned on and asked her to do it again. I went to go sitting on a bench and she peed several times in front of me while standing leaving puddles all over the floor :)

After that we drove to her house, got a bottle of wine, and I made sure her bladder was full. We started fiddling on the couch, and also because shes a squirter, she started peeing all over me and over the couch, it was really hot. She wasn't absolutely bursting when she peed first unfortunately. But it was nice and clean pee.

Here is what was quite new for me: Normally really don't do too much peeing myself with girls which are not into this and dont know very well, but i was quite tipsy and really needed to go bad during the sex. Normally at some point i would go to the toilet, but because this chick was really easy going i decided to hold it and just see what will happen. We were fucking and all, and at some point i was just bursting, so I was like, i need to pee so bad, please let me pee in your vagina... And she was like: ok.. So i did, and it was such a relieve peeing her full with my warm and hot pee! I could feel her whole inside swell up with my urine and i could tell by her face she could as well. It stayed in there as long as i kept my penis in. When i pulled it out it all came out in a big splash all over my stomach which turned me on ever more. I did this a couple of times and it was lovely.

I never really emptied, so my need was there during the whole session. I also peed in her mouth while she was blowing me, and at one point had to grab the wine bottle because i could hold it anymore and peed it almost full in a few seconds. I made sure I kept enough inside of me to keep the pressure on and ended up peeing my full bladder contents over her while she was standing in front of me. After the session the whole floor and couch were drenched. Towels were everywhere and it was awesome...

Nice experience and i liked how alcohol really takes the brakes off... great thing I didn't need to clean or wash anything after as well. She even cleaned and dried my clothes which were laying on the floor and also got drenched.

Hope you guys like this story, if you do i have much more ones to share, not all with sex.

