Fetishes with Kate

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-07-31 20:29

I decided to write another experience with Kate (I mentioned her in this $/26682-wet-cycling-tour/ thread)

We decided to spend few days together some time ago, so I arrived to her house.

Warning, folowing paragraphs may have something to do with lesbians. Second and third may contain messing.

We started with hold it challenge at evening at movies. When we started, I asked her about damaging her sofa. She said I shouldn't mind, it's easy to clean. She has some strange one, which isn't made of textile, but of some plastic. When some fluid gets on it, It's not absorbed and stays here until you wipe it (OMG, I want it too!). We were sitting in the sofa, watching some movies and drinking much sprite and some vodka, when Kate started holding her crotch. "I'm going to win", I thought. After few minutes, I started to be desperated too. I looked at Kate. She looked really desperated, holding her crotch with both hands, crossing her legs, shaking herself in seet, just trying everything to hold it. In few moments, I felt warm wet at my right half of ass. I looked to make sure I didn't peed myself. I doscovered Kate couldn't hold it anymore, so she peed herself.

Thanks to her sofa, she was sitting in big puddle of her piss. But the sofa was made somehow not to make fluids flow on the floor, but stay in it and some of her piss gets to me. "So you win", she was smilling. I really needed now, so I pissed too. Again, the piss didn't flowed on the floor, weren't absorbed by the sofa, just created big puddle around my ass. (It was awesome. She said the sofa was really expensive and made specialy based on her offer. If I could afford one too...) I putted my legs on the sofa and turned, so I was just sitting face to Kate, end of my legs were in her puddle. She smiled, torned the same way and lied on the sofa, so her had was in my crotch. She was staring into my eyes, I into her's. I started playin with her boobs.

She smilled, but after while, she put my hand away, sit between my legs and leaned her head on my chest. I felt her hairs and back were completely wet of piss. I leaned my head on her's putted my hand on her's shoulder and I started putting it slowly down. Over her boobs, down to her crotch. I put my hand into her panties and started playing with her pussy. In few moments, she gets an orgasm. Then I lied on the sofa. I felt my hairs dried the rest of pee. Kate was sitting on my chest, playing with my boobs and smiling. Then she turned around, siting on my chest started fingering me. Oh god, it was really great feeling. When I get an orgasm, she peed while sitting on my boobs. "I was able to hold something, when my bladder started leaking", she told. I don't remember much, but Kate is always telling truth. She told she was laying on me and we were kissing.

Second day at evening, Kate get's sick. She had fever and her face was white. That really messed our plans. We wanted to go to cinema, try poo holding challenge and do some more stuff. I told her to go to the bed that I will take care of everything. Next day at morning, she wasn't looking better. I bringed her to the bed large kettle of tea, some bread and told her to drink and sleep, I will go shopping. When I was returning at her house, the trains had delay, so I just sended her message not to worry and I was waiting.

After two hours, the annouced another 30 mins of delay. I really needed to get to kate and really needed to pee. Even if I was wearing leggins and long skirt over it (in case of emergency, If I will wet myself in public, nobody will see). The delay was terrible. In another half hour, the announced another delay and I pissed my pants at the platform. I was planning to get back to Kate at lunch, but I arrived at evening. With wet pants. And just for pleasure, I pissed again when I get of the train.

When I arrived at Kate's house, I found her in bed and the tea was gone. I went to bathroom to took check the toilet. I know I was acting like her mum, but I left piece of toilet paper in toilet to see if she used it. But the paper was still here. Thinking about the worst, I run into her bedroom, checked that she drinked the tea and then I lookd under her featherbed. Her bed was completely wet. Kate was completely wet. She looked at me and said "I was to sick to go to bathroom, so I was letting it the whole day out". I couldn't be angry on her. I'm doing it too and I was there in wet leggins. After a small argumenting, I left her in the wet bed. She will even propably wets it again. I made myself dinner, Kate had only bread and I went to sleep.

I went into her's bed and hugged her. When I was in the wet bed, I again get horny and we were kising before we felt asleep. When we woke up, Kate's face was still white but fever was luckily gone. We stayed in bed whole day, I pissed myself few times, Kate too, but about lunch, she told me she need to poop. Maybe because we are both in messing, maybe because I was just enjoying kissing with her, I was still laying on her and did't let her go, which resulted in pooping her pants. When she pooped in her bed, I felt free to poop myself too, so I did. We were hungry, so I went to make some food. When I get out of the bed, my clothes was wet and I had shit in my pant's, so I had to be carefull to don't make any mess. When I was waitin for the food to heat up, I fingered myself.

When I was about to get an orgasm, the microwave beeped and interrupted me. I was so turned up so I wanted make us experiences better, so I put laxatives into the food. And more than I should. We ate it and went back to the bed. About two hours later, we both get strong stomach pain. I didn't wanted to tell her about the laxatives, I thought she will get angry, so I told it was propably bad food. We were laying together in bed, not moving and trying not to think of the pain. After about half hour, we both get extreme diarrhea. The pain was so bad that we were just laying in the bed, Kate was crying because of it and I wasn't far from it. After some time, we felt asleep.

When we woke up, the pain was gone, but we were still in the wet bed, now in clothes full of pooping and some poo get out. I exactly remember moment when I woke up. Kate was already up and was playing with my boobs. When I opened eyes, she told me "There was something with the food. We both had extreme diarrhea, it's everywhere. Luckily, I still had cover under sheet if I will pee in bed, so it shouldn't be damaged", she smiled. "Thanks god", I said and I putted my hands on her boobs. She smiled and like if nothing happed, forgetting about all of the messes, she jumped on me and we started kissing. I was so horny so I putted my hand into her's leggins and touched her pussy. "Don't do it", she said, "we have panties full of messes". I didn't mind and I started fingering her. She did the same to me. When we were done, our hand's were covered in messes. I wiped my into her tshirt, she did the same to me.

Then we decided to clen it all up. First, we went both to garden and rinse with hose to get the shit's down not to make any mess. Then we carefully took outside everything from the bed, except mattress, it was saved by the cover. When we finally cleaned it all up, we went to the bathroom to get our clothes down, cleaned the rest of messes from inside of our clothes and then finaly we washed. The cleaning took us whole day, but the experience was awesome (except mi fault with so much laxatives, I'm still afraid of telling her). When we finished cleaning, it was evening, so we went to cinema. I had some diapers, so we took them.

During the movie, I pissed, but Kate don't needed to go, so her diaper was dry. When we left the cinema, we went to bar to have few drinks. When we left, Kate said she need's to go, so she started peeing in her diaper. Her need was so bad so her diaper started leaking (or maybe I just like seeing her in wet pants so I made her diaper leaks when I was helping her putting it on), so she had soaked pants. We had to walk throught the city, so I poured bottle if water into my crotch not to make her be alone when crossing city in pissed pant's. When we get's to her home, we cleaned up, went to sleep and next day I left and went back to my home.

That's it. Sorry for long post, but it's all what have happend, hope you enjoy it.

