Help Identifying "Mystery UI Pad"

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2013-08-09 12:06

I hope everyone is having a great summer. So I have a fund challenge for the forum, a quick and fun summer activity. So as many of you will know I had my old mixed UI problem rear is leaky head in the spring. Not as bad as it was when I was younger but more leaky than the occasional stress-related leak and drinks related bedwetting incident which have generally been the problems my bladder has presented me with since I had it botoxed (can I make that a verb?) almost 4 years ago.

So three years of being dry almost all the time and then the leaks started happening again, and I started waking up to a wet bed. Anyhow background aside, I usually wear a pad especially designed for pee during the day, and have been experimenting with different solutions at night (see discussions in the diaper thread). I’m a poor student and I regularly write away for free samples of pads and diapers (who doesn’t right?). As a result I basically have a gab-box full of all sorts of random UI pads and female sanitary products under my sink. Some of them come from packages I’ve bought, others from random samples, a few have been left by friends.

Now my daytime leaks have increased but not as much as they used to so I’ve been using pretty slim daytime pads for the past few months, baring occasions when I knew I would not be around a toilet for a long period of time and would be very active and drinking lots of fluids.

Despite the work load I’ve been under lately I did find some time to enjoy the massive heat wave the South of England has been enjoying. A few friends and I decided to take a punt out on the river for a long trip to the next village. For those of you who don’t know what a punt is (and don’t know how to use google J) it is a flat bottom boat propelled by a long pole, like a gondola but um, less Italian.

So six of us in total, my boyfriend and myself, another couple and two singles (which we may have been trying to hook up… but that’s another story), got in a punt and headed up river. The trip to the next village for cream tea (yes very British), can take quite a few hours, especially going up stream. Punts are not designed for speed, actually they are designed as one of the more extreme leisure activities (extreme for its amount of leisure, not its content). So I had a bit of a problem. I had a good 5 hours of river time, with no washroom (baring the loo at the end of the trip in the village tea room). Now it was hot and liquids were going to be consumed, and cookies and all sorts of fruit. Good times generally. And there would be bathroom breaks, I have done the trio (pre-recurrence of UI problems though), a few times and its simply not possible for me and well I think most people (baring of course some of you crazy holding wizards), to make the trip without a bathroom break.

There are no toilets so it’s peeing in the bushes or trees or pastures which run alongside the river. We were travelling with a good mixed group so I didn’t have too much trouble with the idea of doing this, and at least one stop would likely occur each way. But as many of you know I am terrible at holding it, I have a small capacity and will leak if I get anywhere near an 8 or 9, unless I am very very careful and even then there are no guarantees.

So planning for the trip I didn’t want to make us stop every 30 minutes for a bathroom break (and be the only one), but I also didn’t want to leak in my clothes. Additionally, while I’m perfectly happy peeing in the bush, there was no way I was going to change a pad, especially a UI pad, in front of my friends.

I solved the problem by using one of the largest most absorbent pads I have which I found while rummaging around in the bottom of my pad grab-box. It worked perfectly. As you can see from pictures below, it is huge, has designs on it, and really effective leg gathers. There were two of them (I usually get as many samples as I can) so I could change in the tea shop in the village if necessary.

Well the trip was marvelous, I limited my fluids a little but not too much, and in the end I didn’t need to change the pad at all, it held a few leaks I had going up when I got quite desperate while it was my turn to pole.

So that’s a nice story you are probably saying (hopefully saying?), but it really doesn’t have anything to do with omorashi (baring oblique references to wetting and UI problems). And that’s true. The reason I’m posting this story is actually for the following reason. I have one of these pads left and for the life of me, I have no idea what brand they are. I really found them effective and I think they might even work for night time wear (when coupled with Desmopressin), for overnight cuddles with the BF, a recurring problem for a bedwetter. So I wanted to put it out to the community, what kind of pads are these, I know there sell them somewhere in the UK (and likely elsewhere) but I’ve lost the outer packaging for the only one I have left and they arrived in some random free sample envelope a long time ago.

So please help me identify the following pad:

Oh also if I can buy more of these I will certainly have a wetting experience to test these out to their limits, but with only one, I'm going to save it for another excursion. So I suppose there's a little incentive :)

Hugs.

Rach

*002*2013-08-09 13:21

Yeah wow that was fast! Thanks, I've never bought poise, I usually use Tena so I've never seen the inside of the crinkly bag. Thanks! I can see how they would make bad diaper boosters in and of themselves, given the width and gathers, which make them good on their own. Have you thought of cutting a slit in the bottom of them before sticking them in a diaper?

