Childhood accident, kinda depressing

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-28 09:33

Trigger warning SH, traumatic experiences

When I was a kid I went through a traumatic experience that lead to me wetting in the day and at night, this lead to many accidents.

I was into omo or well, not knowing it by name of course, earlier than this, but I'm pretty sure it just fuelled my interest.

I was at my weekly taekwon-do class, I would have been about 9/10. I went every week until I was nearing my 17th birthday.

We wore white suits, made of really thin material, the class was an hour long, and we always got a 5 minute break after warm up, and then a longer break later in the class. At the time of my accidents I was going to the bathroom both times, just in case.

At this point I was wetting even though I didn't need to go, so I could never tell when it was going to happen. Just before the later break, I felt some pee come out of me, and soak through my panties and into my white suit. When we had the break I ran to the bathroom to finish in there, and clean up with tissue.

I came out of the bathroom and this girl, who was my age but a fair bit bigger than me, and a lower belt than me so she stood behind me when we practised patterns/did warm up, laughed at me saying I had a wet spot on my bum. I looked confused and said 'it was probably just my water bottle'. My heart was beating like crazy as she was going to tell our instructor, and she started mocking how I said 'probably'.

When she put her hand up, her sleeve came down and I saw cuts on her arm. Even though I was young, I had been considering it myself due to my ongoing traumatic experiences, and asked her if she did it her self. She got angry and nearly started crying. Our instructor came over, and the girl bolted into the bathroom. I told him what I saw and luckily my whole issue with peeing on my self was forgotten!

I later told her what was going on with me, and said if she needed a friend I would be there. She was still angry with me, and stopped going to class slowly after that, but later when I was about 13 she came to my school, and we never forgot that exchange.

I think that was the first time I had ever admitted I was having a hard time, and I really should have told an adult, not another kid my age, but I feel it stayed with us.

Sorry if that was depressing, I just remembered it the other day! But me peeing my pants hopefully got her some support lol

Bonus________

A boy, V, who had invited me in the first place to the class, told me that they only used to have two breaks after he full on peed his pants during class. That certainly peaked my interest, I was really intrigued about that haha, he said he was sat on the floor listening to instructions wondering when they would have a break, holding himself, when he peed and soaked his white suit and made a massive puddle.

*004*2015-09-29 06:14

Wow Barry that poor girl! Thank you for sharing

