First time self bondage: desperation and handcuffs!

Author: liberty

*000*2014-12-28 00:29

So I've been experimenting with self bondage lately and I decided to have a brief experience this morning.

Waking up early I grabbed:

2 belts

1 handcuffs

1 frozen key

1 small clock

I had frozen the handcuff keys in a small glass of water the previous night, this was my foolproof release mechanism. The principle being that when the ice melted I could reach the handcuff keys and be free... Until then I was helplessly stuck in my bondage!

I made a pot of tea (about 4 cups) and drank them over the course of 15mins or so, then I quickly chugged about 500ml bottle of water making my bladder nice and full.

Putting the clock near where I will lie, I tied one leather belt around my ankles, tightly pushing them together and restricting my legs movement. I then tied a belt through them and put the handcuffs behind me, through the belt in a hog tie position. My ankles up by my back and my wrists/hands tight behind me.

I was stuck. But in reach of the keys sitting om my bedroom floor. Straining against the leather and metal binds I pulled and tugged but I was stuck with a very full bladder!

I waited for about 20mins the pressure on my bladder growing in strength. I still had no real way of freeing myself and the ice seemed to not have even slightly melted.

40mins in my bladder is full and I'm feeling quite desperate a 6/10 if you will.

Closer to 1hr I really am quite desperate I've began leaking slightly, not great spurts but a steady dampness fills my boxers. I wriggle and squirm in my restricted position unable to put pressure on my damp and desperate groin.

The ice has melted about a half but there looks to be at least an hour to go...

But this is the first time I've tried it, it might be much longer or much less...

1hr 20+ and the first great spurts began to pour down my jeans. I twist against my cuffs and belts to try to get free to no avail and all the pushing and pulling is make me more desperate.

1hr 30 and my straining bladder gives up, I can't hold it anymore and I flood my jeans and the towel covered floor around me. I feel sweet relief but look to the ice and see I still cannot reach the key...

2hrs and I feel the need to pee again, I have given up holding and trying to free myself and I just let it out, this happens a few times. I have given up and just lie there slowly soaking my jeans, t-shirt, towel and carpet.

About 2hrs 30 and the ice is finally melted and the key reachable, I knock the glass over... Further wetting the floor. And grab the key untieing the handcuffs and the belts in the order they were put on.

I'm tired, aching, punished and very very wet...

A self bondage success, not bad for my first time! :)

