My Little Accident

Author: rukia

*000*2010-08-05 09:11

This is my first story tell me what it is like.

My name is Amy well and im 15 now and this is my experience of wetting/messing my pants at a hotel 8 years ago.

Well one weekend I had a hockey tournament and we were staying at a hotel well we finished our first hockey game so we all went out for dinner that night. After dinner I had to go to the bathroom really bad I was holding it in for at least and hour now well after dinner we were heding back to the hotel and my mom was taking her time I told her I had to go. The hotel was 15min away when we got there I ran up the stairs to our bedroom only for the door to be locked my mom had the key and when she got up there and undid the lock I ran into the bathroom. I tryed to get my pants off but the zipper was stuck so I feel to my knee's and wet and pooped my pants I was crying now and my mom came in and seen what happened she said 'well looks like baby had an acciedent' she helped me clean up the mess and told me to hop in the bath well she went out to get somthing.

When she got back she said lay down on the bed I did she took off my towel and showed me what she got it was a pull up with disney princesses on it and she said I had to wear this for the night I said no and she said she'll tell everyone what happened so I agreed and she changed me into the pull up then she said it was bed time so I got my pj's on and went to bed. The next morning I got up and felt somthing wet I pushed the sheets off and looked at my wet pj's and bed my mom came out of the bathroom and saw what I did she changed me and called the hotel and told them what happened I said I a was sorry.

My mom said the team was going down to the lobby for breakfest and she asked me if I wanted to go I said yes But my mom said I had to wear the pull-ups for the day I said no those were only accidents it won't happen again. My mom gave me a strang look and said fine but if you have another accident you'll have to wear the pull-ups for the rest of the weekend deal she said with a smile and I smiled back and said deal. We got dressed and went down staire's I wore a red skirt with my white shirt and a red tie/ribbon.

When were down stairs I sat with the girl's and my mom said order what ever you like dear. I ordered a glass of chocolate milk and a few chocolate chip pancakes I most of had 5 glasses of Chocolate milk well my coach said the next game will start at 4:30 it was 12:09 so my mom and the others went shopping. I got a new skirt a toy kitty and some pop well I had to go to the bathroom but the game was goin to start in a hour so I though I could hold it my mom asked me if I needed to go I said no and off we went.

Now we were at the game and got dressed and were on the ice well the end of the 1st periode was done and I was about to burst well I was up next and well I was going fornthe puck a nother girl triped me and mt stick went into my gut I felt like I was going to puke well I was crying I was taken off the ice to my mom in the change room my mom game in and asked if I was alright I said yah and that my gut doesn't hurt and more well she laughed and said it lookes like I win the bet I said what and looked down I was soaked and was crying my mom said it was all right and helped me back to the car and to the hotel.

Well at the hotle my mom un-changed me and put me in the bath tub after I was cleaned up my mom got me out of the bath and wraped a towel around me and took me to the bedroom she then pulled out some clothes and turned around to see me passed out well she dresses me and left me. The next morning came around I looked at the clock and it said 9:25 I got up and felt somthing off like something shouldn't be there I looked down and saw my pull-up soak and my pj's wet. Well my mom came inside the room with some of my friends I covered up the accident and sat there my mom asked me how I was feeling I said good my team told me we won the came and would be playing later they left and my mom almost left untill I called out for her she said yes dear and I showed her what I did.

She said oh dear well lets clean you up she cleaned up while I was in the bath she walk into the bathroom and sat on the toilet lid she told me there is nothing to be embaressed of she told me she wet the bed untill she was 15 I said really she said yes you must tak after me. I laughed and said can you change me im still tired she said yes after we were done we went down staire's for lunch and after we were done we went back to the room she said I have to wear the pull-ups. I said a deals a deal but I did not go to the bathroom this morning unless you count the bed well she put the pull-up on me and we went back down staire's and went out with all the girls I had to pee real bad but i holded it.

To be countinued.

*001*2010-08-05 19:52

Sorry for the spelling mistakes I had writen this 5 in the morning

