My Mentor (part 5)

Author: murphdog

*000*2014-02-22 04:15

Waiting for the flood

Laura broke into a little chuckle " sooo... I am thinking that you want to watch me wet my pants" She came over and gave me a big kiss, "Well I might be able to arrange that but you are going to have to wait a bit" she continued. Her eyes were dancing and she had a huge smile on her face, "first you need to tell me what is going to happen if am a naughty girl" she whispered rather seductively. I was starting to think that I had unleashed a lioness and a hungry one at that. I did my best to pretend I was in charge (ya right).

"Young lady I told you that if you have another accident I am going to have paddle your bare little bottom" I said but there might have been just a quiver in my voice. "Have you ever spanked a girl for having an accident" Laura asked? "Uh well yes but uh " I was not sure that divulging information regarding another women was the right thing to do at that moment in time. Laure always quick to pickup on my emotions whispered in my ear " I want to hear about it, and by the way you are mine tonight I have nothing to be jealous about tell me". Laura was a straight shooter so I took the chance and told the story.

Well it was my freshman year in college and a bunch of us had been sledding most of the afternoon. We were on our way back to campus like six or seven of us piled into a Chevy Blazer and Chris this girl that I had been dating was sitting on lap in the front passenger's seat. The roads were really slick with a snow pack and ice. There was this group of guys who were pretty drunk who had also been sledding next to us. They were showing off and tried to pass us. They went out of control and started doing 360s in the road in front of us as they travel down the mountain.

In attempt to avoid them my buddy who was driving tapped the brakes and we started doing fishtailing and we did a 360 in the road but he was able to get things under control. The other guys crashed into the ditch. None of them were hurt but they had to get their truck towed out. Any way when we finally came to a stop I realized that my lap had suddenly become very warm and wet. Chris whispered in my ear that she was very sorry and started to cry, as did a couple of the other girls but I don't know if any of them peed their pants. I held her tight and told her not to worry and with any luck no one else would find out.

When we got back to the dorms Chris was still a bit upset but she asked if I would walk her home. She lived off campus with her older sister, who was gone for the weekend. When it first happened she was horrified that I would be all disgusted. So when I reacted with empathy and even made some light jokes about being warm all the way home she felt a lot better. Well one thing lead to another and the question came up about what happened to us when we were kid and we had an accident.

I told her that my mom, aunts, baby sitters and even teachers were fairly tolerant of a real accident provided that you had used the bathroom when given the opportunity. I always was required pee before getting in the car for any trips lasting more than just a couple of minutes. Wetting my pants because I was too busy doing something else was always a spanking offence. She asked me if I had ever been spanked for wetting my pants and I told her once by my mom, and another time by a summer school teacher when I peed my swimming suit In the sprinkler.

I asked her if she had ever been spanked for peeing her pants, and blushed beet red. She confessed that she always waited too long before heading for bathroom and her little bottom had been spanked by her mom, her 1st and 2nd grade teachers and her aunt. I asked the question if she would have been spanked for this accident. She concluded that because she had not used the outhouse before she left the sledding hill that she would have gotten a couple of swats on her bare butt with the wooden spoon but it was never real hard. She giggled that had it not been for the spoon and her second grade teacher's paddle she would be peeing her pants all the time not just once in a while.

She put both of our wet cloths in the washer, leaving us both bare from the waste down. She asked if I wanted to spank her and I said ok. She laid over my lap and I gave her a light hand spanking, when I was finished she looked at me and giggled "that was kind of a wimpy spanking". She took me to her bedroom and well.....

Laura busted out laughing at the wimpy spanking remark. "Well don't make that mistake again" she finally managed to blurt out between giggles. "Oh trust me babe I willn't, your little bottom will be nice and pink when I am done" I assured her. She bit her bottom lip just a little. I could see that she her jiggling was much more pronounced. It was hard to contain my anticipation.

"So Laura have you ever been paddle for peeing your pants" I asked. "Yesss" she replied with a smile. "I got paddled in high school for peeing my pants" she confided.

It seems that when she was a sophomore they were on a field trip to Yellowstone Park. On the way home they stopped for a potty stop at a rest area. Laura and a friend snuck into some trees so that they could smoke. When they finished the had planned to use the restroom but her teacher Mrs. Baxter was already loading everyone back on the bus. When they told Mrs.. Baxter about half way home that they needed to use the restroom, she just smiled and said "then you should have done it when you had the chance rather then break the rules by smoking".

Both Laura and her friend ended up peeing their pants. When they got back to the school Mrs. Baxter took both girls into her class room. After a lengthy lecture, she produced a paddle and each girl had to bend over and grab their ankles for 5 hard swats administered on their wet bottoms. Laura never smoked again. Mrs. Baxter was Laura's favorite teacher and the two of them still laugh about the incident to this day.

By now Laura was starting to show obvious signs of having to go. She smiled at me "give me just a minute" she asked? Laura took her overnight bag into my bedroom. She emerged about 10 minutes later dressed in faded Levi 501 jeans that fit very nicely. She had a pink colored tee shirt with animated picture of a kitten. Her hair was in pony tails. She was wiggling and jiggling, as she crossed her legs with every step, there was a seductive smile on her face, and her eyes were dancing. She made it into the kitchen onto the tiled floor. 

She stopped turned to face her bottom toward me and looked over her left shoulder. I saw a dark spot form immediately that expanded primarily down her right leg, flowed passed her knee and dribbled on the floor. I could her a faint hiss as she continued to soak herself all the time keeping her eyes locked on me, watching my reaction intently. I almost lost it (if you know what I mean) but thank goodness I maintained. It was over in a couple of minutes but the memory will last me a life time. I was completely memorized even after the last drop had fallen on the floor. She turned to face me and did her best naughty little girl imitation.

"Oops I had an accident" she said in an almost whisper. "I am sorry that was a very naughty peeing my panties" her smile was so naughty as she rocked from foot to foot. "Laura... did you just wet your pants young lady" I scolded. "But it was an accident" she said in the tone of a whining little girl. "We have talked about this before.... I am sorry but this time I am going to have to paddle your bare bottom" I said firmly. "With the paddle" she asked. "Do I have to go get the paddle it stings my little bottom so bad and it gets so hot" she cooed. 

Up until this point I was not sure what implement I could come up with, but in true form Laura had already taken care of that detail. "I am afraid so honey, you know that naughty little girls need to have their bottoms warmed" I was barely able to control the urge fall out of character and take her straight to the bedroom. Laura strolled into the bedroom from time to time bending over to show off the damages to her pants. She returned with the paddle, not sure if it was part of her role playing or not but I detected a bit of fear in her eyes. I took the paddle in one hand and her hand in the other leading her into my bedroom.

When we arrived at the foot of the bed I gently turned her to face me. With out a word I slowly reached down and one at a time unbuttoned her pants. Next I slid my hands between her panties and her jeans and slowly lowered her pants down to her ankles. Next I turned her so that she was facing the bed. I played with her bottom as I every so slowly lowered her panties to her knees exposing that beautiful bottom. I picked up the paddle and lightly tapped it into my opposite hand.

"So how many swats should I give you young lady" I softly asked. "How many do you want to give me" she asked softly? "How about five hard swats" I responded. "Could we do just two if they are going to be hard" there was a hint of pleading in her voice. "Four" I counter offered. She winced a bit "how about three, and I promise I will stay bent over for all three" Ok if you promise that will pee your pants again sometime soon we can do three. Laura started chuckling "two and I might do it again tomorrow" she suggested.

"Deal" I said. "Bend over the bed" I instructed. Laura stood up straight and shook out her hair, then tucked her long pony tails in front of her shoulders. With her feet shoulder width apart and her knees touching the edge of the bed, she bent over and rested on her elbows. I paused a few seconds to admire her bottom. Placing my left hand on in the small of her back I laid the paddle against her bottom to gage the distance. Her breathing was heavy and she was biting her bottom lip not in fear but more in anticipation. I delivered the first swat and she jumped at bit, but with my had in the small of her back she quickly settled back down into position. 

The next swat was just a bit harder and shortly after it landed she stood back up. Rubbing her bottom, " oh baby that was a not a wimpy paddling. Her eyes were dancing wildly, "you know if you spare the rod you neglect the women don't you" she cooed simultaneously rubbing the lump in my pants. She unbuttoned and slowly unzipped my pants. She took my pants down and had me step out of them pausing to touch me. Next I helped her step out of her pants and took her panties the rest of the way off. I couldn't help myself I picked her soaking wet panties up and breathed deeply. "It is the pheromones" she whispered " the high you get is from the pheromones when ever you smell wet panties". Next she took my under wear down. In unison we both took off our shirts, she was not wearing a bra. With out a word I reached over and shut out the light and we fell in bed together. She was not neglected.

I hope you enjoyed the story

*003*2014-02-23 22:13

I am not real sure. I do think that those patties were a result of a real accident. I know she washed the pants she had been wearing not sure that she held the panties out on purpose or whether she wanted to wash them separate with other under garments. Also when she did decide to expose her accident it was most likely used as a means to an end. I think that her main focus was to get a spanking. Keep in mind when we were growing up wetting your pants and being spanked was the norm unless you had a real good excuse. So for us the two went together. A part that I left out was that she had a notoriously small bladder. There were a few occasions that when I was driving her home from work she was very desperate. I had told her that if she peed her pants on my new seat covers I had joked that I was going to spank her.

Another factor was that she was very a desecrate at work and in front of her kids. Wetting her pants was her chance to satisfy her inner naughty side.

Glad you liked it.

