Desperate girlfriend from state to state

Author: Harwoodd

*000*2014-05-20 13:48

So as I mentioned in my last story, I have been into desperation for as long as I care to remember. Both male and female. I have not though witnessed very much in my life. Like all of us desperation fans I wish I could see more but it's obviously not something that happens a lot. True desperation to me is almost overwhelmingly exciting so when it does come around I consider myself very very lucky.

My parter and I have been together for coming up to seven years. When I say she is beautiful I'm not saying it as she's beautiful to me, I mean she is beautiful to everyone. I am, and will always be baffled as to how I managed to snag such a beautiful, kind person. She has long brown hair and a body she has worked long and hard on. I won't waist your or my time describing her, my Jess looks and sounds exactly like you want her too but know this, she is shy and lovely and on this particular day she was wearing a red long sleeve top and jeans.

We had been together for 6 years at the time and were well into planning our future. At this stage though we were having too much fun to rush into marriage and children and debt. I had come to know her family very well. I liked them more and more with every meeting. The only member that scared me though was Jess's sister Melanie.

Mel, it would seem had had a pretty hard life. She'd had a baby to a loser at 16 and struggle to pay the rent when he disappeared leaving her to raise young Matt on her own. She did though and 14 years later met a man, Cameron who also had a teenage son, Chris who was 13. Anyway they decided to get married, so they did.

They went on a honeymoon to Vietnam for a week and Jess and I (we had been living together for 3 weeks) looked after the young boys Matt and Chris. As a special bonus for Melanie and Cameron though we decided to take the boys on a holiday of their own the day Mel and Cam got back from their honeymoon. We took them to Queensland for a week, going to all the theme parks and spending much of our time on the beach. Matt and Chris were both really good kids and the fact that both Jess and I weren't their parents trying to boss them around made for a really good week away. I new Chris was infatuated with Jess but honestly I couldn't blame him.

We spent our last morning in Queensland having breakfast in the hotel we'd stayed at for the week. We had already checked out of our rooms earlier on and were ready to go by 11am. Time to spare as our flight back to Melbourne was not until 1245. We all finished our breakfast and juices, Jess grabbed a take away coffee for herself and we headed to the hire car to drive to the air port. We piled in, luggage and all and drove the 15 or so mins to the air port. It should have been 15 or so minutes but it was not. It was hell from the get go.

We didn't really know our way around Queensland and were kind of relying on the GPS to get us to where we needed to go. Jess had set it for the airport and we thought thats where it was taking us but soon realized that it was taking us to a hire car place around 20 mins out of our way. We drove there, realized what we'd done then headed back for the airport. It was now 1130 and Jess was getting pretty worried about making it to the airport on time. When we finally got the GPS to work it said we were 30 mins from the airport. Then it froze and no amount of technical tapping would get it to work again. We drove in the direction we thought was the right one and stopped at the nearest service stations we could to get directions.

'I might just stop into the loo while your getting directions' said Jess.

'Me too' said Matt

'Might as well too' said Chris.

We all started to walk towards the service station when Jess’s phone rang.

'It's Mel' she said turning away and answering the phone. Mel was going to pick us up from the air port so it was a call that needed to be taken.

Myself and the boys went to the toilet and then I spoke to the guy behind the counter who said that the easiest way was to jump on the freeway and follow the signs. I walked out of the service station just as Jess was hanging up the phone.

'The guy said take the free way. About 35 mins from here. I think we're going to miss our check in'

The boys were waiting in the car and I jumped into the drivers seat and started the engine. I didn't mean to ignore the fact that Jess hadn't been to the bathroom at the service station but it just happened that way. She got into the passenger seat and buckled up and we were on our way.

'So we have to return the car and get the deposit back. I'll do that and you check in our luggage. Hopefully if all goes to plan we will still make the check in and have some time to sit back and relax' I looked over too her and smiled. She was ever the optimist. Kind hearted to a fault and always looking on the bright side. She grabbed her coffee from the cup holders and took a big drink. I caught her eye. 'What' she said 'Positive thinking. I've read the secret and I think their onto something'

I smiled and shook my head. We were on the freeway and the signs were indeed pointing the way.

It wasn't until we were about ten minutes away from the airport that something occurred to me.

'Oh god' I said 'Did you get a chance to go to the toilets back at the service station'

She put her coffee back in the cup holders. I wondered how much was left in it but by the looks of it it was pretty close to empty.

'No, I was talking to Mel the whole time. It's fine. But I will go at the airport before we get on the plane'

'Sorry about that' I said 'I didn't even think'

'That fine, who can think when we're this pressed for time'

'Are we going to miss our plane' came Matts voice from the back.

I looked at the time on the dashboard. Just on twelve.

'Possibly' I said looking over to Jess who raised her eyebrows. She picked up her coffee and appeared to finish it off. I got the feeling she was nervously drinking. She'd just polished off a large coffee in no time.

'We are going to be cutting it fine aren't we' asked Jess.

'The wrong side of fine I think, but we'll see. If all goes to plan we'll make it'

We got to the airport at 1220. 25 mins to return the car, check in our luggage and make it to the gate.

We pulled up to the hire car joint.

'Ok' I said to Jess 'You take care of the car, we'll meet you at the check in. Boys you're with me'.

We grabbed the luggage and headed for the luggage check in. We found the check in isle and hopped in line. I was talking to Matt about how my old man probably had the same haircut as he did when he was younger, back when it was cool, when Jess came up behind us.

'All good?' I said

'All taken care of' she lent in close and whispered to me 'I need a wee'

I looked at her and then to the line ahead. We were almost at the front.

'Can you hold it till the plane'. In hindsight I should have whispered it back.

'Hold what till the plane' asked Chris.

'Nothing honey' said Jess. She looked back to me and whispered into my ear once again 'If you see one let me know. That coffee moved really fast' she put her hand on her bladder as if to show me where it had moved too. I wasn't surprised. She'd had a coffee in the room before we left, a large freshly squeezed juice at breakfast and a large coffee to go as we were leaving for the air port.

She was shifting her weight ever so slightly as we were called up to book in our luggage. As the lady handed us our tickets she said 'There you go guys, gate eleven but you'll really have to hurry. That flights almost finished boarding'.

We headed for our gate as fast as we could.

'Looks like you'll have to wait till the plane' I said to her. She smiled and rolled her eyes and did a sort of curtsy as she walked.

'Are you ok auntie Jess?' said Chris.

'Fine, yeah' said Jess smiling and giving him a playful push forward. 'Lets hurry though'

We made it to our gate and were quickly ushered on the plane and to our seats. It appeared we were the last to board. Jess, Matt and I were on the window, Matt taking the window seat and me taking the isle. Chris was on the isle in the center next to me.

Almost as soon as we were sitting down the plane pulled away and began to taxi. I noticed Jess was bouncing ever so slightly in her seat. Barely noticeable to even myself. To anyone else nothing would have been a miss but as I've said before, I know her well. She does not bounce.

She lent over to me and said 'I need a wee' again

'I know' I said back to her 'Sorry we were so rushed but we'll be in the air soon and you'll be able to go'

That of course was a completely fitting thing to say. I knew she was pretty desperate, she wouldn't have said anything otherwise. In the 6 years I'd know her she'd only admitted to me that she needed the toilet on about 3 or 4 occasions. That being said it wasn't incredibly exciting because she was almost definitely ten minutes away from being able to pee. Ten minutes of desperation is great but nothing to right home about.

The plane taxied for about 5 minutes and then sped up and left the ground. We were up in the air for about 10 mins, all the while Jess was watching the seatbelt sign feverishly but it was still illuminated.

'Not long now' I said to her giving her a playful shove.

'Better not be' she said

Ten more minutes passed and still the fasten seat belts light was on. Jess had her legs crossed, something that definitely didn't seem all that natural. She did seem fairly composed though. Not bouncing of shifting her weight. Just crossing her legs.

'Any second now' I said.

This time she didn't say anything but instead scrunch up her eyebrows and upturned her mouth, if you know what I mean.

We had been on the plane for half an hour. Matt was happily watching a documentary about the JFK assassination, which I thought was cool but weird. Chris was leaning over towards me talking about wrestling or something and Jess was sitting beside me, legs still tightly crossed.

'Why aren't the lights off yet' she said to me, appearing to stretch. I knew though that it was something else.

'I don't know' I said honestly 'I haven't even seen a flight attendant since we sat down'

She once again lent in close and whispered 'I really have to pee'.

A moment later the captain made an announcement.

'Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. This is your pilot speaking. Welcome to flight 567 from the Gold Coast to Melbourne. Apologies for the inconvenience but we are expecting some turbulence within the next half an hour or so. Due to this we have had to delay all mid flight catering until we are safely through the turbulence. The seatbelt signs will remain on and we ask that you keep your seat belt fasten and remain in your seats until the seatbelt sign is turned off. We are scheduled to land at Melbourne Airport at 1500 hours or 3pm where the weather is stormy with a high of 26 dropping down to 14 overnight. Sit back and enjoy our on flight entertainment and we will do our best to get some catering around to you just as soon as we can. On behalf of myself my co-pilot and the cabin crew, We hope you enjoy your flight'

I was instantly taken back to our train trip from 5 years back. I looked over to Jess who despite the obvious bad news, seemed to be quite calm.

'Ehhhgg. The worlds against me being comfortable today' she said it to me but Chris on my right obviously heard.

'Are you ok auntie Jess. Do you still need to pee'

'I'm fine, just need to stretch my legs' she was blushing.

I could tell that Chris wasn't convinced. I knew he had a big crush on Jess. She wasn’t a blood relation so I guess I couldn't blame him. I started to wonder if maybe Chris’s attraction to Jess transcended into my fetish. I don't know why I thought it but I did. I didn't have long to think about it as the promised turbulence hit. It didn't hit hard but it did hit. Once more I turned to Jess.

'How are you doing beautiful' I said putting my hand on her thigh.

'Fine' she said 'You know when you think your close to being able to go, makes you need to go a little worse. I'm fine now. Just looking forward to being able to stand'

A while later and still the seat belt sign shine bright. Jess was moving around a little to my left. Both the kids had their earphones in and were happily watching the screens in the back of the seats.

'Are you desperate' I said, a little more confident than usual.

'Getting there' she said rubbing her hands together in her lap. Then she said it again with more emphasis 'Getting there fast'

I didn't want to pass up this opportunity to talk about her need as I wasn't sure if I would ever see her in this situation again. She had mentioned her need around two hours ago. The fact that she mentioned it to me meant it was at least a pressing need, otherwise she'd have said nothing. An hour ago she had lent in and said 'I need a wee'. That was a bit different from saying ‘I might pop into the loo’. It meant that she was desperate. It meant that she had to physically hold on. That was an hour ago. That meant that she had been desperate to pee for at least an hour.

I didn't know how to proceed so I just said

'Are you going to be ok'

'I will when they let us up'

'And what if they don't'. I wasn’t sure if I was pressing to hard but it turned out I wasn't. I also didn't really think they would keep us in our seats for the whole 2 hour flight. The though seemed absurd somehow.

'I don't even want to think about that' she whispered cutely 'Just gotta pee. They surely won't keep the sign on the whole way back will they. The turbulence isn't even that bad'

She had crossed her legs once more and was definitely starting to look a little more desperate. I felt for her a bit. The toilet was only like twenty steps behind us. It must have been pretty frustrating knowing she was so close to relief, but like a school girl had been told to stay in her seat until the bell rang.

'I can't be the only one who needs to go. I may need to go the worst but surely there are others who were counting on going to the bathrooms on the plane'.

'You have to go the worst' I whispered back to her with concern.

'I'd hate to think that anyone might need to go more. Especially some nice old lady'

I didn't want to push things any further. I now knew that she was desperate. Her words coupled with her minor fidgeting would no doubt make for an interesting couple of minutes I hoped.

As I said, the turbulence really wasn't that bad. I was sure that any second they were going to switch of the seatbelt sign and Jess would finally be able to pee. But they didn't. No announcement, no flight attendance no nothing. Jess was not being overly open about her need but every now and then she would look at me with a look that simply said 'I have to pee'. Matt finished his movie and took out his earplugs. Jess did her best to stop her fidgeting as we began to talk about the fun we'd had on our holiday. Jess though was definitely finding it hard to join in on the conversation.

'Are you ok, is something wrong' asked Matt giving Jess a strange look

'She has to pee' said Chris from beside me 'But they won't let us get up'

I hadn't even noticed he wasn't watching his movie anymore.

'Why don't you just go anyway'

The question hung in the air but that's all it did.

I changed the subject as quick as I could. I knew Jess would be very uncomfortable with the current conversation.

'So what did your sister have to say'

'Oh yeah. She didn't know where she was going to pick us up from. I have to call her when we get off the plane. She said she would work something out'

For the next half an hour Jess fidgeted and moved fairly regularly. Every now and then saying 'come on' to the seatbelt sign. The turbulence was fairly bad but I didn't even notice. I was to busy enjoying being stuck next to Jess as her need slowly turned from being well concealed to becoming fairly noticeable. Still no announcement and still no flight attendant. It was odd but I was enjoying every second. I don't think I was the only one. Chris to my right was leaning across the isle watching Jess like a hawk.

It had been an hour and three quarters since we took off. I knew we would be descending soon and I said as much.

'Looks like you'll have to hold it till we get to the airport'

Jess let out a sigh of resignation.

'This is crap' she said then lent forward and pressed her head upon the seat in front of her.

About 10 mins later there was a ding sound. The sound that usually signifies that the seat belt sign has been turned off. My heart sank a little but I had enjoyed her desperation very much.

'Oh thank god' said Jess reaching for her seat belt.

'The lights not off auntie Jess' said Chris. He was right and I knew we had started our decent. Jess froze beside me.

'What the hell' she whispered to herself in frustration.

Then music to my ears.

'Ladies and gentlemen we have started our descent into Melbourne airport. We apologies for the cancelation of your in flight refreshments but due to the rough conditions we were unable to prepare them for you. The seatbelt signs are once again on and we ask that you make sure all carry on luggage is stored safely away as we brace for landing. Once again we thank you for flying with us and we hope you choose us on your next time in the air'

Someone up ahead shouted 'Not a chance' which produced a healthy bout of laughter.

'Sorry honey' I said to Jess. ‘We'll get to a toilet at the airport'

She winced ' He said once again on. Did they forget to turn them off' She began to fidget once more, not much but she was definitely wearing a worried look on her face. She crossed her legs and bounced the top leg rhythmically, Then uncrossed them again.

We didn't descend for long before we could see land below. Ten mins later of the same mild seated desperate pee dance from Jess and we had landed. We grabbed our luggage, preparing to be off quickly but it didn't happen that way. Because of where we were seated we had to wait a fare while to make our way off. Jess was standing the whole time. She was pacing a bit on the spot but I knew she was struggling to not do a full on pee dance. We finally made it off the plane and into the airport proper.

'Ok' started jess ' You guys go get the luggage, I'm going to find the toilet'

She tossed her carry on to me and made to leave when her phone rang.

'Pretty sure you're supposed to have them turned off on the plane' said Matt pulling his own out and switching it back on.

Jess rolled her eyes and answered the phone.

'Mel' she said into the phone. She was dancing around subtly with her free hand balled up at her side.

'Ok, we have to get our luggage but call me when you're about a minute away from passing....ok...I'll see you soon.

'Whats happening' I asked

'I'll tell you in a second. I'm seriously about to pee myself' she said and walked off in the direction of the toilets.

'We'll meet you at the luggage train' I called after her. I stood there fairly stunned. I guess the fact that she was only a couple of minutes from being in a toilet had wiped her shyness away. I would have put money in the fact that she would never say that in front of the boys. I'd have lost apparently.

I assumed that was it I really did and I was ok with that. I was glad she was going to be more comfortable and I had definitely enjoyed the plane trip and yeah, she was on her way to the toilet so this particular episode was done and dusted. Thats what I thought at least. I was very very wrong.

End Part 1

*006*2014-05-21 23:51

Part 2

The boys and I were standing at the luggage train with our luggage when Jess came walking towards us looking anything but relieved.

'Oh-o' I said to the boys.

'Seems every woman on that flight needed to pee. There's a massive line. Where are there other ones do you know' She asked scanning the area. Just then her phone rang again

'Mel.....ok.....maybe' she turned away from the boys and towards me, speaking on the phone in a hushed tone. She was crossing her legs in front if herself slightly. First her left, then her right.

'Listen Mel, I'm busting for a wee, we might have to catch you on the next pass.....uugghh alright, but it better be close. We'll see you soon' she hung up the phone

'We have to go. Mel is about to park out the front and we have to be there. Your not allowed to park there apparently and she's been told off twice but she doesn't know where else to go without paying. We have to be there when she passes or she'll get a ticket'

'What about the toilet' I said.

'There's a service station about 2 mins from here. I don't even know where they are in here so I'd prefer to just get there'

'Your choice' I said.

It was true though. There were signs pointing things out. Jetstar this way, Qantas that way but I couldn't see any pointing to the bathrooms.

We took our luggage and were out the front in under a minute, Jess leading the way. I found it funny that despite her obvious need of relief, she still had an overwhelming desire to not upset her sister. I guess I couldn't blame her. I'm scared of most women but Mel for some reason frightens me the most.

We got outside and almost instantly were asked by a guard if we were waiting to be picked up and whether we knew that we were not aloud to be. I thought quickly and said 'No. Just popping out for a smoke before our flight'

'Up there' he said pointing up to the smoking section. This of course wasn't true and I wondered what I would do once we got up there. Jess grabbed her phone and rang Mel.

'Hey were up at the end. Smoking section. Alright bye'

She hung up the phone. 'She's about thirty seconds away'

We got to the smoking section and waited, not smoking. It wasn't thirty seconds though. It was more like a couple of minutes. All the while Jess was dancing around. She didn't say anything but it must of been obvious to any one watching, of which there were a few that I could see, that this beautiful young woman was in desperate need of the bathroom. She was passed the stage where she could hide it. She was desperate and despite how shy she was, she couldn’t hold it anymore without fidgeting badly

'Auntie Jess is gonna wet herself' teased Matt softly.

Jess just bobbed down. 'Where is she' she said in frustration. She looked at the time on her phone.'One more minute and I'm going to find a toilet. I don't even care anymore' she didn't get the chance. Just as she was putting her phone in her very tight pocket Mel's holden executive came into view.

'Shotgun' said Matt.

'Aw crap' said Chris.

'Come on guys, we've got to be quick' I said pointing to the guard who was hastily coming our way.

Mel pulled up and we quickly put all the luggage in the boot, barely making it fit.

'Hold up a sec' shouted the guard.

Chris was already in the car at the window.

'Sorry' I called back to the guard 'Really sorry'.

I got in the car sitting next to Chris, and Jess got in besides me.

'Whoosh' said Jess clapping her hands together 'To the service station'

She was now moving around a lot. Bouncing her legs up and down and patting the top of her thighs with her palms.

'What, no hello sis, good to see you again' said Mel as we pulled away from the air port leaving the guard in our wake so to speak.

'I'm serious Mel, I'm bursting. Just get me to a toilet please'

'Ok ok. I need petrol anyway. How are you guys. How was your trip' she said to the boys.

'Good' they both echoed.

'That's it. You guys suck'

Jess was rocking back and forward. We were pretty squashed together in the back and I could feel Jess's legs tensing. It was one of the most breath taking moments of my life. She was frantic. Absolutely busting. Doing everything short of holding herself to not pee herself. She was breathing short and sharp with occasional intakes of rushed breaths. She was whimpering a bit when we finally saw the service station come into view.

'Oh god Mel please hurry' said Jess.

'I'm not going to speed Jess just hold it. Do you really have to go that bad' she said looking into the rear view mirror.

'You have no idea' said Jess.

Chris lent over me and looked at Jess and with the lack of tact that only the young and complete jerks possess said 'I bet you the service station doesn't have a toilet and she wets herself'

'Thats enough Chris' snapped Mel 'Of course they'll have a toilet'

We pulled up next to the petrol pump and Jess was out like a shot. She didn't say anything, she just undid her seat belt and ran for the service station.

'I'll get the fuel' I said and got out of the car.

'Thanks' Mel shot back.

I put the nozzle in the car and turned to the service station, reflecting on the incredible desperation I had witnessed, thankful that once again I got to see Jess in a desperate state but also kind of thankful she was finally getting relief. As I did though I saw Jess come out of the service station and walk around to the door on the side. She tried to turn the handle but it wouldn't turn. She turned to me, bouncing.

'Holy shit' was all I could think 'No way. Where to now'

I pulled the nozzle out of the car and replaced the cap. $30 worth would have to do.

I met her half way on my way into the station.

'The doors locked and he doesn't know where the key is' she said in disbelief. She pressed on her crotch for a millisecond. The quickest of squeezes. Lightning fast but it definitely happened.

'I'm seriously about to wet myself'

'I'll go pay and we'll find another service station'.

She walked off to the car and I went inside and payed. I came back out and walked to the car. Jess had already jumped in the back. She sat in the middle next to Chris and I hopped in to the window seat. It crossed my mind that not only would Chris be very happy about rubbing up against Jess but if he were a young desperation fan then he was going to be in heaven.

'Anywhere Mel, I don't even care, just somewhere before I wet myself' were the pleas from Jess as I got in the car. She was rocking back and forward with her hands in her lap, fingers laced between each other.

'I don't know of anywhere. Do you want me to find a bush or something'

We all knew that wasn't going to happen. These were major roads we were on. There might be another service station or take away joints but it was basically industrial area as you move away from Melbourne airport and three lane plus major roads. There would be no pulling over to the side of the road for a long time yet and at this point I was almost certain she wouldn't make it that far. I wasn't certain of her holding abilities but she was seeming to be at least as desperate as she had been on that fateful train trip. It was now half past three. Close to three hours since she'd told me she needed a wee. Thats a long time to hold a full bladder.

'I don't know. There has to be another service station'. There was but it was on the other side of the free way.

Jess had regained a little bit of composure in the face of what must have been one of the most embarrassing experience of her life. On the verge of wetting her jeans in front of her partner, well that had almost happened before but was obviously still embarrassing, but really really needing to pee in front of two teenage boys, that would have been mortifying.

'Why didn't you just go at the airport' asked Mel.

'I didn't think there was time. And you said there was a service station near by. I didn't think I would have to wait this long. Had I known...'

'You should of said something'

'I did'

'Not really' Mel through back. 'If you'd said you were this bad off I would have understood'.

What happened next was so ridiculous. I was starting to wonder if Jess was actually going to wet herself before we got her to a bathroom. She had begun to fidget again. She was gritting her teeth and doing everything she could to not hold herself between the legs. One minute her hands were gripping her knees, then her hair. Then cupped over her mouth, then on the chairs in front of her, then tapping on her thighs furiously, all the while she could simply not sit still. She was bouncing, squirming, squeezing her legs together as hard as she could, spassaming, everything and more. I don't know why she wasn’t holding herself. The game was up. Everyone knew what was going on. It was the one and only focus of the car. Anyway, thats when it happened.

'Oh my god' said Mel from the front seat and then began to laugh. It wasn't a mean laugh. It was the kind of laugh that said 'I'm really trying to get you to a toilet but I can't do anything about this.

'What is it' said Chris expectantly.

'Traffic' said Matt.

'What do you mean' whimpered Jess.

'You've got to be kidding me' said Mel.

Ahead, and as far as we could see were cars. Five lanes of cars all heading the same direction but going no where fast.

'What the hells going on' groaned Jess

'No idea honey' said Mel from the front.

We slowed down and not long after came to a crawl, then eventually stopped entirely.

'This can not be happening' said Jess 'Quick, turn off before you get stuck'. Finally her hand made its move. She spread her legs a touch, put her hand between them and closed her thighs tight around it. I looked at Chris. His mouth almost dropped as he watched his auntie holding her crotch in front of him.

'Where too. Theres no where to turn off too'

Already cars were stopped behind us and to the three lanes to our right and the one lane to our left. We were now part of the stand still, and Jess was beyond desperate.

'No way' she said 'I have to pee so bad. This can't be happening'

'Auntie Jess is gonna wet her pants' sung Matt teasingly.

'Stop it Matt this is serious' said Jess 'This isn't funny'

It wasn't funny. But my god was it exciting. It was an impossible situation for her. Stuck in a car that was stuck in serious traffic and we had no idea why. To our left, beyond the lane of traffic a wall, part of a scenic wall that you often see on freeways. To our right beyond the three lanes of traffic was a wide cement medium strip and on the other side of that four lanes of traffic heading the opposite direction. There was no where at all for her to go.

Her hand still in her crotch, she crossed her legs over it towards Matt, practically leaning on him whilst facing the window. He would be in heaven I knew. Because of the way she was sitting I could actually see the fingers of her hand pressing incredibly hard on her pee hole. She moved back and uncrossed her legs 'My god' she groaned looking up to the roof of the car 'I have to pee SO bad, what am I going to do. Can anyone see a place for me to go'

'Only if you want hundreds of people looking at your fifi' said Mel.

'Fifi' I thought and stopped myself from chuckling.

Time passed and we hadn't moved an inch. Jess was holding on, but at this point I was certain that if things didn't change, and the traffic start to move, then she was in a position where she might actually have an accident. I had never seen anyone have a real live accident but I was beginning to think there was a real possibility that it was only a matter of time until Jess's bladder could hold no more. I wondered what she would do in that situation. I started to wonder what I would do were it I in the same situation. To this day I really don't know.

'Eeeerrr' groaned Jess shoving both her hands into her crotch and sort of crossing her legs. 'What am I supposed to do then. I'm about to piss myself'

'Go mum' said Matt.

'Oh, we're moving again' said Mel.

We were moving but so slow we may as well not have been.

'I can't believe this' said Jess 'This is not happening, this is so embarrassing'

Both her hands were in her crotch still, gripping herself for dear life. She took a quick intake of breath and spasmed till she was almost sitting on poor Chris. She let out a long muffled squeal, followed by a fake cry. 'I'm sorry guys but I have to do this or I'll wet myself' she blurted out

'Have to do what' said Mel looking back towards Jess.

Jess didn't answer. She removed one hand from between her legs and used it to unbutton the top button of her jeans. She then pulled the fly down as far as she could without removing her other hand. I remember this moment crystal clear. I remember it all cystal clear, who wouldn't, but this was something else. I felt like I was watching one of those ineed2pee videos but this was real as hell, right down to the sweat on Jess's fore head.

The top of her red lacy Elle McPherson underwear showed for a second then was covered by her free hand once again joining her other hand between her legs.

'I just saw your panties' sung Chris

'Cut it out Chris' said Mel 'Your auntie is in pain, don't be unfair'. Chris looking nullified apologies.

'Any better' I asked Jess

'Not much. What am I going to do, I seriously can't hold it much longer'

'Just keep holding it' I said 'We'll be out of this soon'

'Not soon enough' said Matt

'I'm seriously going to wet myself' said Jess in complete and utter desperation. She again inhaled sharply 'Oh jesus' she said leaning forward. Eventually she lent back, then did something that made my breath catch. She moved the top hand away from her crotch and slid it down her stomach, down passed her bladder and all the way down between the hand holding her crotch and her crotch itself. It took me a second to realize but she now had one hand down her panties and was holding herself unrestricted by anything. She then pulled the top hand off and undid her fly all the way. Once it was fully down she put that hand down her panties as well.

'This is no time to start playing with yourself Jess, there's kids in the car'

'Shut up Mel, this isn't funny, I'm about to burst'

I had never seen Jess like this. I'm not talking about the desperation although this was as desperate as I had seen anyone ever, I'm talking about the willingness to show any part of herself so openly or herself in such a position. With her hands down her panties and her pants fully undone we were seeing a lot of her bottom half. That little bit of skin between where the crotch ends and the thigh begins, I could actually see it. So could two no doubt nudity crazed teenagers. But Jess didn't seem to care one lick. She was completely focused on not wetting herself.

'Look' said Matt 'Who are they'

Up ahead between the now stopped traffic, guys in vests were walking along the lines of traffic talking to people in cars as they went.

'Oh my god, ask them where there's a toilet'

Jess's hands were working feverishly under her panties and Chris eyes were locked on them. You could actually see her hands beneath the shear lace. She was squirming around franticly when the man in the vest came to our car.

'Hi guys' he said 'We've got a truck on it's side up ahead. We're diverting every one to the right lane a fair way ahead. Shouldn't be long'

'Do you know if there’s a toilet anywhere around. A port-a-potty or petrol station?. My sisters got to pee'. He didn't look towards the back, instead just said 'Not for a long while that way. Won't be long though guys, hold in there.

'Oh god' cried jess. She opened her legs a bit and re adjusted her hands, squealing a little as she did. More and more of her thighs were coming into view as her jeans slid down with all the movement. I'm talking millimeters but it was exciting all the same. I doubt she noticed but even if she did there wasn't much she could do. She couldn't move a hand away to pull them up I knew that. I also knew that Chris was eating it all up. I don't know why and I'm sure it's wrong but the fact that these two kids who had probably never seen any parts of a woman in real life were seeing her like this was doing something strange to me.

We were crawling forward, Jess was fanning her legs franticly, bumping into mine with every out stroke, both hands buried in her crotch, pants slipping down her thighs, looking up to the roof of the car with closed eyes when suddenly she shot forward.

'Oh god, I'm about to wet my pants' she pulled up on her crotch with all her strength I'd say and began to stamp her feet on the ground, letting out a squeal as she did.

'Oh shit, I'm about to pee. Mel do you have an empty cup or bag or something I can pee into' she said with serious effort.

'No way' said Mel 'I'm not letting you pee in front of my boys. I won't have the first vagina they see be their aunties. Especially not when their auntie looks like you. No way'

There was a small protest by the boys but we all knew it was true.

'I don't care what they see as long as they don't see me wet my pants Mel'.

She suddenly pulled one hand away from her crotch but left the other firmly locked between her legs. A look crossed her face like she was about to lose it. Pain, worry, surprise all rolled into one. She put her free hand on Chris knee without even thinking I guess and pushed herself up off her seat until the side of her face pressed against the roof. Her jeans crept down a fair way as she did this until they were nearly half way down her butt. She sat back down and replaced the hand back down her panties.

'Seriously Mel I'm gonna pee myself any second'

'I don't think I have anything honey' Mel stressed 'Just hold on'

'You don't under...' she took a sharp breath in '...stand'

'I've got an empty poweraid bottle in my bag' said Mat

'No Mat, your auntie Jess is not peeing into a bottle. She's going to hold it like a big girl'

'Please Mel. I can't hold it forever. I can't make it, please Mel PLEASE. Make them close their eyes or something. I seriously don't care if they don't, I’m seriously about to pee myself'

'Oh believe me they won't close their eyes. They're teenagers, they won't pass up this opportunity to get a good look' she turned to Matt and sighed 'I can’t believe I’m saying this, get the bottle then. It’s not me pulling my panties down in front of a car full of people and anyone else who cares to look in'

'Oh thank god'

Matt begun to fumble around in his bag.

Jess was doing the greatest seated pee dance I think I will ever see. I didn’t think she had much strength left.

'Shit' said Jess freezing in place 'Fuck, hurry I'm starting to wet myself'

'How the hell are you going to pee in a bottle Jess. How are you even going to get your pants down.

Jess didn’t appear to have heard. She was pulling up on her crotch and I could feel her whole body tense as if every muscle in her body was joining in on the fight.

‘Come on Matt, hurry, seriously’ whispered Jess. I think it was all she could manage. All her strength seemed to be going into stopping her bladder from emptying right there in front of everyone.

‘I thought I had a bottle, Sorry auntie Jess. I must have thrown it out’

‘You can’t be serious’

‘Sorry’

‘I can’t hold it anymore’ Jess was sweating fairly badly ‘This is so messed up’ she said.

I hadn’t noticed really but the traffic was moving again rather healthily.

‘Not long now. We are moving pretty fast. Just keep holding on’

Jess shook her head ‘I’m going to wet my pants’

‘Just keep holding on’ I said once more

Jess was still shaking her head.

‘You gave it to me’ blurted out Chris as he started to rumage through his own bag, seconds later producing an empty power aid bottle.

‘Thats right’ said Matt

‘Jess took one hand away from her crotch and grabbed the bottle. She handed it to me

‘Can you.......take the lid off’ she was having trouble speaking.

I took of the lid off and handed the bottle back to Jess. I had know idea what was going to happen next. It appeared that neither did Jess. She held the bottle in one hand near her crotch while the other one held her vagina shut. I didn’t think that she would ever use the bottle. Not in front of just me and definatly not in front of two teenage boys. The alternative was to actually wet herself. There was no way she could make it to a toilet anymore, that ship had sailed. The best she could hope for was a bush or a tree or some such but we were still in heavy traffic. Right now her options were to hold it until she wet herself which would happen any minute, or pee into a bottle in front of a car full of people.

She was bouncing the bottle against her knee, holding her crotch beneath her panties, jeans now a quarter way down her thigh, fidgeting violently and praying to god constantly for a place to pee.

It was coming to an end. I knew her body was giving up.

‘Shit’ she said leaning forward as far as she could. She stayed there for a minute or two until abruptly she throw her self back.

‘Oh my god’ she whimpered. There was a second long hiss followed by Jess raising her but off the seat, arching her back ‘Ah jesus i’m wetting my pants’

She actually was. That second long hiss had left a wet spot on the chair beneath her raised butt.

‘Help me’ she said grabbing the waistband of her jeans and panties from the back with the hand holding the bottle, and shuffling them down her legs. The other hand was still holding her crotch for dear life. Soon her jeans and panties were around her ankles and Jess was standing as best she could with one hand holding herself and the other holding the bottle beneath her vagina. She removed the hand holding her crotch, a place coinsidentaly that all eyes seemed to be on, and put it on the seat in front to steady herself.

Pee exploded from her, some of it ending up in the bottle, most of it missing and ending up landing on her jeans below. She focused her stream and 20 seconds later had almost filled the bottle.

‘Holy crap’ Said Matt who had a front row seat to all this ‘Your about to fill it’

Jess didn’t seem to hear. She was in another world.

‘Stop Jess’ cried Mel ‘It’s full’

‘I can’t’ said Jess

‘Stop’ we all cried

Finally she did, a second after she’d reached the brim. The overflow trickeled down the bottle and onto her jeans below. I handed her the lid and she screwed it on and dropped the bottle to the floor. She pulled her jeans and panties up as quick as she could and sat back with her hands over her face. I wasn’t sure if she was crying so I put my hand on her thigh. Her jeans were soaked. All of a sudden she began to laugh through her hands. A moment later her hands dropped away to reveal a very flushed, embarrassed face.

‘I can’t believe that just happened’ she said ‘That is so embarrassing. And I still really have to pee’

No one knew what to say. What could anyone say. Chris and Matt must have been stunned by what they'd seen. I know I was too.

It didn’t take long for Jess’s bladder to fill up once again. We were once again at a stand still as I guessed they were alternating merging lanes up ahead.

'I'll be back' I said and opened the car door and jumped out. I walked to the boot, opened it and got Jess's suitcase. From it I grabbed a clean pair of underwear, some pants and a towel. I got back in the car and told Jess to raise her butt. She did and I put the towel beneath her.

Jess thanked me and rested her head on my shoulder, covering her face with her hands and complaining about how embarrassed she was.

'I'm sorry guys' she said 'Really sorry you had to see that'

'You got pee on me' said Chris.

'Oh god I'm sorry Chris. I couldn't control it. I had to go so bad'

'Are you ok now' asked Mel 'Bottles full so you'll have to wait now till we get to a toilet'

'Belive me, my bladders still full' she shifted in her seat 'I just can't believe you all saw me like that. Oh my god, I may as well have been naked'

We were moving again and finally the truck came into view. We passed it and were on our way at a respectable speed. All in all, it had taken around an hour and a half to get about a kilometer but once we were passed the truck it was clear sailing.

I knew Jess's bladder would fill rapidly and that her muscles had already gone through all it could, and wouldn't be up for another hold, but I was not prepared for just how quickly she would find herself bursting to pee once more. She had her pants undone and was holding herself through her panties again.

'My pants are soaked. I may as well just let go'

'I don’t want you getting any more pee on my bloody car. Hold it in, we're almost there'

'Easy for you to say Mel' she was fanning her legs again. 'How am I supposed to get out like this anyway'

'That's why I got you these' I said handing her the clothes. She looked around the car, seeing all eyes on her.

'Don't suppose there is any point asking you to close your eyes, you've seen me peeing into a bottle now, can't get any worse' she laughed nervously 'This is so embarrassing. Please guys I was kidding can you please not look'.

'Ha' laughed Mel 'You've got a better chance getting them to pay rent, service stations coming up'

'This is so embarrassing' Jess said again. Reluctantly she pulled down her pants, briefly taking her hand away from her crotch. Her panties came down with the pants.

'There it is again boys' said Mel.

Jess pulled her panties back up as quick as she could. She pulled the jeans off and put the other pants on as fast as I've ever seen anyone change.

'Not in the mood for changing my panties in front of two staring teenage boys'

She glared at them both jokingly in turn.

'Don't sit down' I said quickly 'you'll get those ones wet too'

'There going to be wet anyway if we don’t hurry up. I'm seriously bursting again'

We pulled into the service station and Jess jumped out. I could see her reflection in the service station window. She had done her best to not look obviously desperate but only a few steps from the car had put her hand back between her legs and begun a sort of desperate jog.

She disappeared into the service station and we didn’t see her again for at least 5 minutes. When she did reemerged she looked comfortable for the first time in like six hours. Comfortable but really really embarrassed.

We got dropped off back to Mornington and Jess went straight for the shower. Later on that night she told me that that car trip was the single most embarrassing thing that had ever happened to her and that she didn't think she could ever look at Matt or Chris, or me for that matter in the eye again. To this day she has been completly different around them. Very shy.

So anyway, thats my experience. Hope you enjoyed it

