An African Adventure

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2015-09-15 22:47

Not too long ago, I spent some time in a village in rural Africa working with a charity which aimed to improve water access and sanitation. We were placed in local homes and paired with a volunteer from the country in which we were working.

My in-country counterpart- let’s call her Asha- and I shared a room with rickety little twin beds. Because of the heat, we were advised to drink at least 5 litres of water each day to avoid dehydration, but I get dehydrated easily and ended up drinking much more than this.

This, of course, led to a few difficulties. The toilet facilities in our homestay were located outside of the house, and were basically a hole in the ground. This was pretty much fine during the daytime, but during the night it was not so easy.

My host family liked to bolt the door at 9pm every night for security. This was the case whether Asha and I were home or not, so we learned to make sure we were always home by 9pm to avoid getting into trouble.

The first night, I didn’t know this, though- and I wasn’t accustomed to all the extra water I’d been drinking. I woke up at midnight desperately needing to pee.

I sat up at once, wondering how on earth it had got so bad so quickly. I’d peed not long before we’d gone to sleep, and that was only a few hours ago! The desperation was so intense that I actually had to put my hand in my crotch and collect myself for a few seconds before fighting my way out of my mosquito net.

I found my flipflops on the dusty floor and slipped them onto my feet. I was halfway towards the door when I realised that I was only wearing my tshirt and panties. The society we were living in were very conservative- no bare shoulders, no bare legs. If my host family caught me outside the house wearing as little as I was, I would be in big trouble!

I grabbed my sarong from where it was hanging to dry (this functioned as my towel while I was in Africa!) and wrapped it around myself. All the time this was happening, my legs were clenching and writhing together. I had to go so bad! Luckily, Asha was still sleeping soundly through this whole performance.

I snuck out of the bedroom door, opening it as slowly as I could so that its creaky hinges wouldn’t wake my host family, and tiptoed to the front door. Here I was confronted by a series of bolts, which were almost entirely invisible in the pitch-black hallway. I fumbled with them for a bit, shifting my weight from one foot to the other, then swore to myself and went back for my headtorch.

The situation was getting serious by the time I got back to the door, flashlight attached to my head. I felt my panties get damp as I began to wrestle with the locks once more, and I had to abandon my mission for a few seconds in order to shove my hands back in my crotch and shift about a bit more. By the time I’d got the locks open, I was definitely more than a bit damp- but I still hoped I could get to the toilet without losing any more.

No such luck! As soon as I opened the door, both of the family dogs pounced on me. Luckily (or perhaps unluckily) I’d made friends with them both at my arrival- much to the amusement of my host family, who kept the dogs for security, not as pets. I was caught by surprise, and pee began dribbling down my thighs as the two dogs put their paws all over me- particularly when the female shoved one of her front paws right into my stomach!

I managed to cut off the small stream that was running down my legs, push away the dogs and race (or hobble, as the case probably was) in the direction of the latrines.

I put out my hand to open the door- and then recoiled. A huge cockroach was sitting complacently right next to the door handle!

I shone my headtorch directly at it and it scuttled away- but not before I had lost another short spurt of pee for the time wasted. By the time I managed to get in there, shove my panties out of the way and squat over the hole, they were pretty much soaked. I still had a lot left inside me though! I squatted there for at least two minutes- my legs were beginning to cramp by the time I’d finished!

Luckily, I hadn’t got any pee on my sarong (or not enough that anyone would know anyway!), and I hid my wet panties in a carrier bag until the first time Asha and I washed our clothes together. I put on a fresh pair, and climbed back into bed. I was feeling turned on from the whole experience and really wished that I wasn’t sharing a room so that I could do something about it!

I awoke several hours later to the sound of water hissing into something. I glanced at the window- no, it wasn’t raining- and the realised that the sound was coming from inside the room. I looked down to the foot of the bed, and there was Asha, squatting over a chamber pot that I hadn’t previously noticed and peeing profusely.

She saw that I was awake and smiled, apparently completely nonchalant about the fact that I was watching her pee.

“Habari za asubuhi!” she said cheerfully.

