Peeing myself at camp

Author: pegasus

*000*2015-08-03 23:45

Hi All - Well, I've been thinking about this and decided to share it because it happened to me and it was perhaps my first peeing experience that awakened me to these feelings (though only in retrospect - not really in the moment).

I was about 8 years old and at a camp during the summer. It was a day camp, but there was one night that we all went and made lean-to shelters and slept out in the woods. I didn't really know any of the other kids and was quite shy at the time. We set up our camp somewhere a ways away from the restroom area, building our lean-to out of fir boughs on the ground. We all pitched in and did a great job with it.

That night we had a campfire, ate s'mores, and had hot chocolate to drink. After all of that we got ready for bed and I remember having to pee, but it was dark and I was too timid to ask one of the counselors to take me to the restroom. I guess I figured if I slept it wouldn't happen.

So, I went to bed, but awoke the next morning with a very strong urge to pee. I got up and started walking quickly to the bathrooms. I don't know why I didn't just find a tree to use - we were out in the woods, after all. Finally I see the bathroom up ahead (it was a single unit pit toilet).

I opened the door with my urge very strong and as soon as I stepped in, I let go. I couldn't stop it either . . . .I watched as my jeans became dark as the pee went down the front. I remember that it felt really really warm and good, but also remember feeling "oh crap!" I had to go back to camp and I didn't have any other pants to wear and everyone would be there.

So, I finally finished and tried to dry off my pants a little with some toilet paper. That didn't go so well . . .

When I got back to camp, there was a fire and I sat down in front of it, trying to hide what had happened. No one said a word to me about it, so perhaps no one saw - I have no idea. I soon realized though that the heat from the fire was making steam rise from my jeans, too. So, I sat there and let my jeans evaporate until it was difficult to tell that anything had happened. How long I sat there, I don't know - maybe half and hour or an hour - I honestly do not remember.

Did this plant a seed for me for this kink to emerge later on? Perhaps. I know that I felt immense shame in that moment though.

So, that's my story.

