I think mom likes to wet herself

Author: bswanson

*000*2012-08-05 12:31

This may sound weird but I think my mom may like peeing her pants. She has had a lot of "accidents" that could have been avoided. Here are just a few.

We went to a movie and when we got to the car she say oh I forgot to go pee before we left. I gotta go bad and dont think I can make it home or even back in the theater. She said oh well accidents happen and the stood by the car and peed her pants.

We were going out of town for the weekend and we finally got to the hotel. as we were going to the room, she said she needed to pee. We got to the room she ran in the bathroom, leaving the door open and sat on toilet without pulling her pants down peeing thru them. She claimed she had to go so bad she didn't have time to pull them down.

On the same trip we were at the mall and we got there saying we would meet up at food court in 2 hours. We did and as soon as I saw my mom her pants were wet. She said she got so busy shopping and waited to long and peed her pants before she could get to the bathroom.

On the way home from that trip she had to pee while driving home so we were coming up to a rest stop but she said she didnt feel like stopping just to go pee. She said we were only an hour away from home anyway and just let it go, peeing her pants.

Shes even peed her pants at home watching a movie on tv saying she didnt feel like getting up.

*002*2012-08-05 15:03

Yes. but how exactly do I ask her why she likes doing it? even though she makes them look like accidents, its obvious shes peeing her pants on purpose.

*005*2012-08-05 20:59

Well she did earlier today. She came home from town having to pee. She went to the toilet and didnt hear her close the door so I followed her down and saw her pee thru her pants on the toilet. I asked why and she said didn't have time. I said this happened last time too. why do you wait so long? She then said I think your old enough to know my little secret. I like to pee my pants. I have for a long time. It all started a years ago when I had an accident. I liked the feeling so much, I do it on purpose when I can. Is that why you tell me to pee my pants when when travel places I asked. She said yes, and asked if i liked it. I told her yes, and I pee my pants sometimes on purpose but what afraid to tell her. She said you don't have to hide it anymore. peeing your pants is a great thing. Then i had to go and she told me I should just to it right there in my pants and I did.

*011*2012-08-06 11:14

Its real. after she came home and peed herself once again, I finally decided to ask her why she does it so much and she admitted her fetish. she didn't really do it in front of me. she always leaves the bathroom door open.

