New Video: "Desperation Log" (or "How I Spent My Afternoon")

Author: Gregg

*000*2013-03-17 01:16

So I finally made the video I talked about in https://omorashi.org/topic/12494-idea-for-a-new-video-want-your-input/

Even with all the stuff I cut out, it still ended up being nearly 20 minutes. But nearly 4 hours of holding condensed into 20 minutes isn't bad.

Keep in mind that the primary purpose of this video wasn't to show desperation so much as it was to show a progression from 0 to bursting on the desperation scale. Because of that, the first part of the video is mostly just me drinking water while the really desperate scenes only comprise a small portion near the end.

You may notice some odd cuts where I removed things that weren't very interesting to watch (standing still for 30 seconds is a good desperation challenge, but it's not very engaging to look at). There were also a couple of places where my face was visible in the frame, so I cut those out as well. The random cuts may be disorienting, but to make it easier to keep track of things, just keep your eye on the clock in the background. Also, I start each segment with me drinking a full glass of water, so that's a good way to gauge the passage of time as well.

Near the end I thought I'd be clever and cut the top off the little cup I had been peeing in, but removing the curled lip around the top made the cup lose all its rigidity so that whenever I tried to hold it, the sides would crush inward. I went back to a full sized cup after that.

Let me know what you all think. Fair warning: there is nudity involved.

Untitled10.flv

*003*2013-03-21 01:09

Thanks guys.

Call me narcissistic, but I liked that last minute or two as well. It kind of makes me wish I had tried harder to hold out for another 15 minutes. In the end it was more of a psychological defeat than a physical one. With proper motivation I could have kept holding, but I just needed to go so badly, the thought of relief was too much.

Also, just for fun, I did some math and by the end there, I had drank 1 and 3/4 gallons of water. That's 14 pounds of water in my system. No wonder I had to pee so frequently (and violently I might add) after I filmed that.

