Accident While Ice Skating

Author: Axis

*000*2013-03-23 17:17

Hey everyone! Sonic here. This is an old experience with me and the only girl I've ever truly loved...who now hates me. But enough about that. Here's what happened:

I took her on a date to a local ice skating rink one Friday a few years ago. At this point she knew about my fetish and, though she wasn't really into it, she'd always tell me when she needed to go and things like that. So we got our ice skates rented and started to put them on. About 20 minutes later, I finally got one on lol. Anyway, we got out on the ice and started skating around for a while. She was way better at it than I was, because I have very sensitive feet and they start to hurt after I get out there for a little while. It was very cold out that night.

I noticed at that point that her skating was getting a little worse, and she had to hold on to the ledge a lot. I kept slowing down and making sure she was OK, but she just smiled and said she was fine. Eventually she stopped doing that and resumed using her normal skating skills. I didn't know it, but she had just accidentally-on-purpose wet herself. She was wearing red jeans and a green jacket, it was very Christmasy.

We went inside after we were done skating and took off our skates. While we were doing so, she leaned over and whispered to me,"I had an accident on the ice." I of course got very excited at this and asked her to show me. She said to wait until we left so noone would see. So we left, and she showed me the back of her jeans. They were completely soaked, almost all the way down to her socks. It wasn't a huge wet spot due to her small bladder, but it was enough for me. She let me feel it too it was amazing. On the way home we joked about how she almost melted the rink and other dumb stuff. It was a great night, and I hope to have another one like that someday, even if it's not with her.

*003*2013-03-24 11:18

SatinBritches, on 23 Mar 2013 - 16:43, said: Not on the ice, but I did pee in my ski pants a few times.Once on purpose becouse the chair lift broke.

Have you by any chance seen the movie Frozen?

