First time wetting with a man

Author: Sinsofsundae

*000*2013-07-13 00:38

Hello all!

Just got home, settled in for the evening and decided I'd share another one of my experiences with everyone.

As I said in my introductory story, my first real boyfriend was my best childhood friend. He knew everything about me, all of the good and the bad. He knew about my poor bladder, and my frequent accidents, and had accepted it as normal over the years. Well, there was one big secret I'd kept from him since I'd discovered it myself. My accidents had become less humiliating, and hard started to make me feel sexual, turned me on. Granted I still had accidents, but a good majority of my wettings were intentional or planned.

He and I were in our mid teens, and both were virgins at the time. Our relationship had been going so well that one evening, we decided to take it to another level. We wanted to be one another's firsts. I had brought myself to orgasm many times after a wetting or a long holding, but had never told him this.

One evening, we were alone in his family's home, locked up in his room. I was sure to pee before we even sat down just in case things got hot and heavy and I didn't want to have to run for the toilet. It was about as romantic as teenage sex could be, I suppose. Nirvana cranked up on the radio in case anyone came home they couldn't hear us, warm wine coolers we had stolen from the gas station down the street.... We thought we were bad asses.

We laid in his bed and kissed and made out for a while, both too scared to make the next move. Finally I felt his hand creeping up inside my shirt. I wanted it, badly, but I felt my heart start pounding. I was so nervous. When I felt his hand moving beneath the waist band of my jeans, it happened. I remember it all so clearly. I looked down and something about seeing his hand inside my jeans, his fingers against the material of my panties, his lips against my neck, it made me shiver. The next few events happened so suddenly that I was unaware of it at first. I felt a warmth between my legs, and at first I thought I was just turned on, but then almost immediately I knew what had happened. My cheeks turned beet red and I reached down and grabbed his wrist, jerking his hand from my pants. He looked so confused, and I think my facial expression told him everything.

I was laying in my boyfriends bed, getting ready to lose my virginity, and I completely wet my pants. I crossed my legs and pressed my thighs together tightly but I couldn't stem the flow. I sat up and got to my feet on the floor beside the bed quickly, pee still darkening my jeans down my legs. There was a wet circle on the bed about the size of a football where I'd wet his sheets. I remember apologizing profusely, and rambling on about how I didn't even feel that I needed to pee before we had started. 

I was prepared for him to kick me out of his house and never speak to me again. He scooted to the edge of his bed, reached out and took my wrists, pulling my hands from between my legs where I tried to hide some of the wetness. He pulled me onto his lap and went right back to kissing me. Neither of us said another word until the act was through. Now, with the knowledge that he still wanted me, I was hot, wet, and horny. He peeled my soaking jeans and panties off and..., well the rest is history.

This was one of my most amazing wettings. I have never dared to wet with another man, and somehow, after this incident, my bladder never gave out on me in such a crucial moment.... Unless I set it up. And I often set myself up for accidents these days.

Thanks for reading! I'm glad I can share my confessions here and not feel like a freak!

