Extreme desperation and near wetting

Author: MysteryGirl373

*000*2015-12-22 23:02

Hi all! Sorry it's been so long since I've made an appearance. But I'm back and have a little story to share with you all.

First of all, if any of you work in IT I apologise in advance in case this causes any offence, but our IT department at work is awful. If you manage to actually get their help, you don't want to do anything to ruin it. It's also worth bearing in mind I work in an office with me and another member of staff, and she was not in today.

On a usual day, I'll drink between a litre and a litre and a half easily between my start time of 8am and about half past one, before I start feeling the need to pee. However over the past few days I've had a bit of a cough and sore throat, and I've been drinking a bit more to try and make my throat feel less dry.

Over three weeks ago, we asked IT to come and sort out our new printer. Today they eventually came down, and sorted as much as they could, but had to head back to their office and continue the rest with me on the phone. I was in the middle of some paperwork when I felt a slight urge to pee, but decided to finish the paper work before getting up. Then the phone rang. Being the only one in the office, I answered it. It was my IT department. While answering all his questions on the phone, talking so much kept making my throat worse, so I continued to drink. We were on the phone for at least an hour.

The first half hour of this phone call was fairly un-eventful. I sat down on my chair with my legs crossed hoping it would finish soon so I could get up and go. By the time we were half an hour in, however, things were getting a bit more tricky...

I could no longer sit down as my high waisted skinny jeans were restricting my bladder. I stood up and leaned against my desk with my legs crossed and bending over slightly, hoping it would end soon. Talking for nearly half an hour at this point was making my throat feel worse so I and had a fair amount to drink while already quite desperate. My desperation doesn't normally increase this quickly, but I'm assuming that not knowing when I could get up and go made it so much worse.

Around ten minutes later, I had chosen to sit down again, since IT man needed me to do some stuff on my computer for him, and I was seriously considering asking him to call me back. But I know my IT department, and I knew this wouldn't happen. We've waited over 3 weeks, I wasn't waiting another 3 weeks to have a new printer installed...

I was using every muscle I knew I had, plus more, in my thighs and bladder to prevent a leak. I was hot and sweating because of how hard I was working. I had to stay at work for another couple of hours and had nothing to change into, so clearly couldn't be sat in wet jeans! I couldn't decide whether to try and hold it, go while on the phone, or ask him to call me back. But I knew I had to make a decision fast. Obviously I decided to hold it.

Eventually, at long last, the phone call ended. Knowing I could get up and go made it so much more urgent than what it already was. So much so, I had a tiny leak. I looked out the window while turning round to walk out my office, and saw the van that comes to collect our parcels approaching. I couldn't believe their timing. With a few more tiny leaks, and a small, but luckily not noticeable wet spot, I knew I couldn't wait for them to leave.

I shoved them into the office and dashed to our toilet, saying 'sorry, but you know what to do!' had to barge past one of them to get out of my office.

I was undoing my jeans on the way (it's only around the corner in the same office building, and a knew no one else was in there), sat down, and released a torrent. The relief felt so good. I was still hot and sweaty, and this combined with the relief made me feel very light headed, and I got starry vision in a locked toilet cubicle.

Hope you enjoyed, any questions welcomed,

MG x

*003*2015-12-23 16:50

{{ 

Great story, it's not often you experience a situation like this. Thank you for posting. It's too bad there was no way for you to measure, I assume you held an enormous amount.

}}

If this had happened at home, I would have been much more excited, especially if I was on my own as I was on this occasion. I would have been torn between measuring and wetting. And doing such a thing while still on the phone would have made it more exciting! But this was completely unplanned, and at work. :(

*005*2015-12-24 18:55

{{ 

Thanks for sharing that, MG, and welcome back - it's really good to see you back on here! I love it (though not necessarily at the time if it's me involved) when circumstances conspire to produce a situation like that. The timing of the parcel chap sounded absolutely perfect!

I'm glad to hear that it's not just our IT (no-)help desk that seem utterly useless too...

}}

Our IT department is useless! I first phoned about the printer three and a half weeks ago, then phoned them two weeks after with a reminder, they came a week and a half after the reminder, I wasn't gonna hang up for the simple matter of needing to pee. Didn't turn out to be so simple!

I apologised to the parcel people yesterday. I literally just shoved them into the room and ran. One of them was on training, but I know the other one really well so she was understanding and understood what was going on! The guy on training just looked really really confused though! I couldn't believe their timing. It was gonna happen though...because that's how my days always pan out!!

*007*2015-12-25 21:36

{{ 

I'm never normally in one place long enough to get involved with long-running sagas like that, thankfully! We don't really have time to spend too long on the phone to the helpdesk, but to be fair they're pretty helpful most of the time. Some days, though, it can be a real struggle to find enough of a gap to run to the facilities and back, and you can be sure that the phone will ring (and usually it has to be dealt with there and then) or something else will happen just as a 4 or 5 minute gap presents itself!

}}

It happened a while ago actually at work. Not quiet as severe. It was really busy, and the phone was ringing off the hook. Our job is to produce stuff used by the rest of the company. If we produce it urgently, we normally have to walk it over to the appropriate unit. This particular day was so busy we had to have 'a runner' to run stuff over because there was so much urgent stuff. Our runner phoned and asked for something urgently, and he came over to collect it. He must have seen me bouncing in my chair a bit or something because he looked at me and said 'go to the loo, then come back and finish that. Your situation looks more urgent than that!' I didn't, because it was only gonna take another few minutes.

*011*2015-12-26 20:13

{{ 

Very well written description of an unfortunate predicament. I never wish anybody to be in this circumstance, but I wonder if this incident may have had an intentional aspect?

}}

I never use the toilet as soon as I need to go, so I was quite desperate when the phone rang. I had been doing paper work and didn't want to stop half way though. This is something that I do all the time, but it normally has a more desired result.

{{ 

Good to have you back, MG! Thanks for sharing that exciting story. I hope that you soon experience a similar desperation at home, so that you can indulge your excitement more fully.

The worst public desperation that I ever experienced occurred several years ago in the audience at Carnegie Hall during an orchestral concert. Symphonies often have long movements. It's bad enough to have to stand up and get past people in between movements – and really impolite to do so in the middle of a movement. Even squirming or jiggling a leg is an impolite distraction to those around one, so I suffered in stillness and silence. I held on as long as I could, but my desperation reached the point that I knew that I'd wet myself if I didn't leave immediately for the rest room, so I got up, worked my way past a few people, climbed the stairs to the top of the balcony, and headed down to the men's room at the west end of the dress circle. 

At last I got to the rest room and peed. The relief was wonderful! Of course I had to wait until the end of the work being performed before I could return to my seat. Ever since then, I've been careful to pee just before the concert and often also at intermission. If a single long work is on the program, I'll even wear a pullup under my pants to deal with any unavoidable leaks.

}}

I've never been to an orchestral concert. I've been to a few performances of various bands and luckily never needed to go half way through. Most of my desperate situations involve work or a long car journey!

*014*2015-12-27 18:53

{{ 

Welcome back and what a return, this is a superb story.

I'm very often desperate in work as drink lots of water, if I have back to back meetings I tend to refill my water between meetings but not find time to get to loo. Never had to run out of a meeting or call fortunately but come close numerous times. I'm very impressed you held out until end of call... Although that composure was gone when it came to the delivery team haha

}}

I know the delivery people! I'm quite good friends with one of them, and the other lad I've spoken to a few times and feel quite comfortable around him, too. We have another delivery guy, who happened to not be in this day. He thoroughly enjoys taking the mick and making me uncomfortable. He can also talk for easily an hour strait. I would not have acted like that in front of him. He would taken the mic for the next four years. I also wouldn't have been able to wait until he'd left because he talks. I still haven't figured out what I would have done in front of him if it happened to him that turned up!

*016*2015-12-30 01:32

Maybe. I'll be honest, I'm very drunk right now so answering and making since is roaming more concentration than it should,

Could be, takes longer and more effort for girls

*018*2015-12-30 14:57

{{ 

You really know how to hold a lot in! When you were using every muscle you had to prevent a leak did you feel like you didn't have any control and might let go any second or did you feel like you had it forced back and as long as you could keep forcing it back with all your might you wouldn't wet your pants? The previous time it must have been real embarrassing when the runner noticed you had to pee because of your bouncing and squirming but I think you did the right thing in waiting because I think it let him know you had some control and could wait rather than running to the bathroom which would have been more embarrassing. One final question. You said you never use the toilet as soon as you need to go. I've noticed a lot of women are like this more so than men. Is it because it is more trouble for women to go because you have to pull your pants and panties down to go so you limit the number of trips to the bathroom?

}}

If I feel comfortable with people, I don't really get embarrassed about needing to pee. It was just easier to wait. I don't really remember about feeling whether I was going to wet or whether I had complete control. I think when a wave of huge desperation hit me I was probably more concerned that I was going to wet than anything.

Could be a situation of more hassle for women. Could also be a bit of laziness, which it mainly is for me. I just can't be bothered to get up when the need isn't that severe.

*020*2015-12-31 01:47

{{ 

Does that mean that there'll be another story to follow?

}}

The only stories of last night involve me spending half an hour sat in front of a toilet nearly, but not actually, being sick.

I did wake up at seven this morning with all my lights on, half dressed (I can only assume I passed out) very very desperate. But I got up and went, because I needed to go back to sleep!

