In the theatre they say `break a leg`

Author: aqua

*000*2011-09-14 01:12

Some years ago I lived with a girl who broke her leg rather badly. It was no fun for her for sure, and I felt awful for her and spent lots and lots of time helping her do the most mundane things in life: getting food, helping her dress, pushing her in a wheel chair for a time, making sure she got around on crotches OK, and helping her to the toilet.

Now this girl had a history of 'urge incontinence': when she saw or was near a toilet (and sometimes when she thought of one) she 'really, really ' had to pee badly, and often would dribble or spurt in her panties. On occasion more than that. On rarer occasions she'd have major accidents having nothing to do with toilets, but just couldn't hold it. Needless to say, I love these big and mini accidents.

But with her leg in a cast and not being allowed to put much weight on it, it made peeing challenging. She'd often wet her panties (and often her pants, too) as she stood by the toilet, carefully pulling down her pants/panties...and doing it slowly to balance...but not being able to hold it and beginning to pee as she did so. Now on the one hand I wasn't turned on at the time since I don't like to see anyone suffer. But afterwards, either when I recall her struggling unsuccessfully not to wet herself, or when I'd see her afterwards in wet panties and/or pants, wow....

I'd guess during this whole time she probably wet her panties two or three times a day, so much so that she didn't bother changing them at all. It was during the summer and at home she'd be in panties a lot, and sometimes she'd be wet, often very wet. I've long lost count of her wettings, but some really soaked her pants, to say nothing of her panties. A few happened in public places, mostly restaurants when she'd go to the toilet and have a hard time holding it in the perhaps 5-8 seconds it took to pull her pants and panties down and sit down on the toilet. One time she had on beige, loose fitting pants, which she got wet half way to her knees and up her butt. An interesting (and for me, exciting) entrance into the restaurants from the restroom. I helped her along (spotting her mostly) and she certainly did get some looks. Her response: "Hey, sometimes you just wet your pants, what can you do?"

Certainly a good attitude from a lousily fall and experience. I don't wish broken bones on anyone, but 'stuff happens', and when it does, I guess one makes the best of it.

