My First Ever Wetting! (pics inc.)

Author: KayLeigh

*000*2012-12-11 11:13

Okay, so I decided tonight, that I would wet for the first time ever.

Nervous as hell, I asked my friends Antifairy, LedinWind and Linkx if they were up for a skype holding competition.

They all seemed alright with it, so we began our voice call.

I began already needing a pee, so I was scared about how long i'd last.

2 glasses of Cola down, and i was already occasionally holding myself.

By the end of my 3rd glass, I relocated myself to the bathroom to make sure that I didn't wet myself on the couch.

By now, my bladder was bulging out from my stomach, and I felt really uncomfortable.

The others teasing me over skype didn't really help, and by now, Dizzy had joined our competition.

I pressed on my abdomen, desperation beginning to rise in my bladder.

4th glass, and I was shifting uncomfortable on my chair, rubbing my stomach and pussy.

The pressure was becoming unbelieveable, and it was all I could do to not lose it all.

I was breathing hard.

By the time I had my 5th glass down, I stood up in the bathtub and started pacing around, grabbing myself frequently and moaning quietly to myself.

The pressure built up like nothing else, and I was rubbing my pussy infrequently and squeezing my thighs together.

Then Loki came into the bathroom to see what I was doing.

"Are you about to wet?" he looked at me with a comical expression on his face.

I knew that things would only go from bad to worse.

He grabbed me by the wrists and said, "Stop moving babe... You know you wanna let it out."

I felt my muscles flailing, and a spurt escaped , dampening my underwear.

"N-no..." I whispered, "I'll lose it hun."

"You're going to anyway." he smiled, "And anyway, it's only fair babe... You did this to me. Now, stand up."

I cringed, and tried to straighten up, and as I did, another spurt escaped.

"No, I'm gonna lose it!" I whispered hurriedly.

"Straighten. Up." he laughed to himself.

As I did, the most amazing thing happened.

Warm, clear pee began to run between my legs and swirl towards the drain.

It ran over my thighs and my butt, warm and wonderful.

I have never felt anything like that before, but I would love to do it again.

And here is my proof <3

My bulging bladder ./////.

View from the front .////.

View from the back .///////.

View from underneath >//////<

My wet underwear >///////<

I hope you all like my pics, tho I apologise for the bad quality .///.

&&

&&

&&

&&

*003*2012-12-11 11:44

It was exciting .////. to be honest, i was really turned on afterwards.

I cant explain it properly ._.

Amazing? :]

*006*2012-12-11 12:37

I would have wet full clothed, except im house sitting, and i only have one pair of pants with me ._.

But i plan on doing it again in jeans :3

