Pee Myself Laughing (Literally)

Author: TobiasChwan

*000*2013-01-31 22:11

Me and my friend were walking through the park and I was bored so I was waddling, legs completely straight and not bending, just moving from side to side and going forwards. My friend (Who for now I'm going to call Charlie xD) began to chuckle a tiny bit, and so did I, and by the time we were in the middle of the park we could barely breathe. We were both weak at the knees and I realised something I hadn't known before; I needed to pee.

But that wouldn't stop my laughing, my friend's laughter made sure of that. His laugh isn't funny, it's just that when other people laugh (Especially him) I always laugh too. I clutched my lower stomach, aching badly and had to stop, and so did he and soon I was on the floor, gasping for air and saying "Ow-ow-ow" between gasps.

He sat on the bench and leant over, holding his tummy too, and then I yelled to him "N-no! (Laughter) Stop, I'm gonna (Laughter) pee myself!" although he didn't stop. He stopped for a couple of seconds, but when we looked at each other we both laughed again.

By now every time I made a noise a tiny bit of pee was leaving me, and the force of my laughter was enough to make my grey boxers become wet pretty quickly, not helping that I was wearing skinny jeans which were light blue . I was groaning each time I got a break from laughing, but then laughing again and soon I could feel my wet boxers rubbing against me.

"Sh-shit!" I yelled between gasps for breaths, and suddenly the floodgates opened. I was on my side, holding my stomach and feeling the wet cover my left leg, whimpering as I continued laughing, and then as my left leg was completely soaked I noticed it begin so spread to my hip and knee, a puddle was forming underneath me.

When I could finally breathe, I looked at the puddle and it was extremely large as if I had been holding my pee for quite a while. I stood up, the corner of my shirt wet and half of my left leg wet, and I was still chuckling a tiny bit. I looked to my friend who was still holding in his laughter, cheeks wide with the air wanting to escape and I scowled at him, but continued to laugh a little bit. We then went back to my house so that I could get changed.

I had no idea who had seen me, but since then I have had quite a few people look at me and blush or pull a funny face.

Also, my friend doesn't care when I pee myself laughing, since he has done it before and I was completely cool with it. AND I didn't have a boner ! :D XD

