My 1st wetting thanks to Izzy

Author: Dr. Philthy

*000*2012-10-02 18:08

Well, this was something that was that was partially unexpected for me. (and apologies if it takes a bit to get to the wet part)

For anyone who's seen me comment on certain posts, it's fairly clear that when it comes to which side of omo I'm a fan of, it would certainly be the desperation side. Typically, I myself tend to post on here a few times (mainly in the Live Action thread) if I'm participating in holds myself, though due to my fondness for the desperation, I've never (except for brief thimes that Ive wet the bed) had a purposeful accident.

Well, about 2 weeks ago today, between the changing of the evening of the 19th to the 20th, I'd started messaging with Call.Me.Izzy after brief comments with her on posts in other parts of the Forum Games section of the site. She seemed real cool when we had been posting and during the time of the messaging, I learned that not only is she a real cool chick to strike up a conversation with on any ol' topic, she also shares somewhat in my own fondness of desperation, though hers also goes a bit farther in the feeling of the relief after the wetting.

So at about 9:30 on the 19th, I'd informed her of my starting of my 2nd hold of the day (since my bladder wasn't that exhausted from the previous one a few hours ago) and she certainly seemed to be enjoying it. Well, time went on and not much progress had happened in spiking the urge, which brought about (as she highly agreed) in the use of some vodka mixed in with the water I'd been drinking as well.

This certainly helped, as by 11:20, I'd felt the need rise a bit, and decided not to use my hands to assist holding. Izzy had praised me in her awkwardly cute way (which is one of my favorite things about her) by stating that I have "the fortitude of a...large-bladdered animal. I dunno, a whale?" In a half hour span from then, I'd gone from a 2 to a 5, then from 11:50 to 1 a.m. on the 20th, waves of desperation had started to pick up severly, pushing me to a 7, an 8, and even as I'd tried to send a message to her, gone from 8 to 9 in that small span of time.

While I'd been struggling to keep it all in, Izzy asked if I normally just held or would wet, which I replied that I'd hold till I could make it to the bathroom, and all the while that I'd messaged how badly I was squirming and bouncing in desperation, she was enjoying every bit of it. At 1:11, I knew I was at my limit and wouldn't last another 5 minutes. This was the most desperate I'd ever been in my life (ah, the wonders of alcohol) and not using my hands to hold myself was driving me up the wall. As Izzy enjoyed my description, I decided to give her a little gift by putting my fate of this situation in her hands:

I let her decide if I would use the toilet or wet myself purposely for the first time in my life.

To say she was elated at this news would be an understatment, and if you're reading this now, I doubt you'd need to be a rocket scientist to figure out which she chose. So after hobbling to the shower, I kept giving brief updates (full of spelling errors, mind you; I was BURSTING out of my mind) a spasm that caught me off guard opened the floodgates and despite numerous attepmts to internally cut off the flow, there was no recovery. I had finally wet myself on purpose for the 1st time ever.

Izzy certainly enjoyed the exprience, and since it was so memorable, I also uploaded to her a picture of the boxers I was wearing at the time of the wetting.

So that's it. Hope you enjoyed my little tale. Been having so much fun chatting with Izzy over the past weeks, and hopefully that won't change anytime soon. She really is a sweetheart. Thanks for popping my wetting cherry, Izzy ;)

