Dive bar

Author: tgerald

*000*2014-06-24 20:58

I used to frequent this little dive bar that was always packed. It had a lot of cheap drink specials and it was fairly close to two colleges so as you can imagine it got to be very popular. It was extremely tiny however. I'd say at the most it was maybe 16 X 20 or 22. In addition it had very inadequate bathroom facilities which is a perfect lead in.

I've had numerous incidents in there that might be of interest.

The men's bathroom was maybe 8 X 10 with a toilet and an older urinal side by side. This older urinal wasn't the type that you typically see especially today. They looked more like a raised commode. There was no wall between the toilet and urinal and guys being guys, it wasn't too out of line to be in there side by side with someone. After all, I never saw a guy brave enough to take a crap in the toilet so I'm not sure why they didn't just have two urinals.

Well, I waited outside for my turn and a guy came out. As it happened, there was a guy already in there peeing in the toilet so I went in and unzipped at the urinal. About this time this cute brunette comes through the door in obvious distress. She exclaims something like, "Sorry! Sorry! But this is an emergency!". Now the guy beside me already has a stream going and he says, "hey, too late for me to stop". That's when the girl pulled down her shorts, pushed right in front of me, cock hanging out and all, and squats over the urinal. She didn't even get the whole way over top of it before pee just came gushing out of her. The look on her face was priceless, like pure xtc.

I just stood there with my dick out, trying to move back for a better view but the sink was behind me. The guy behind me was leaning over watching as well. When she was done, she simply looked down and my now 1/2 hard cock and said, "glad you enjoyed the show" and gave me a gentle squeeze. She pulled up her pants and away she went.

I was unable to take my pee with my now engorged member so I stuffed it back in my pants and went out to see if I could find this girl. It was elbow to elbow so it took a bit even in such a small place. I pushed my way up to her and she said, "hey stranger, everything come out ok?". I said, "no in fact, I can't pee with a raging hardon,, thanks to you." She said, "what do you want me to do about that?". I said, "my car's right outside". She said, "lead the way".

We went out and crawled in the back of my car. I tried to be gentlemanly and give at least a lame attempt at foreplay but she simply unzipped my pants and shoved my cock in her mouth. Now already having to piss usually prolongs my orgasm but makes it more intense so even though I was horny as hell, I wasn't in danger of going to quickly.

While she was sucking on me, she must have reached down and undid her jeans. The next thing I knew, she spun around with her ass in the air towards me. I think she muttered something about giving it to her hard,,, I dunno,, I didn't need direction from here on out as I pretty much had it covered.

I drove my dick between her super wet pussy lips that were soaked with piss and her juice. She was so slick that she wasn't providing much friction but it was great just the same. After about 5 minutes of pounding, she said, "you gotta hurry, my boyfriend will be here soon." Despite the minor setback of surprise, I was able to concentrate and blow my load deep inside her.

Right after my final spurt of cum hit the bottom of her pussy, she turned and said, "gotta go!". She jumped out of the car before even putting on her pants, squatted, and peed and pushed my huge load of jizz out of her. Then she stood, kissed me and said, "this never happened, right?". I said something profound like,,, "ugg". And way she went back into the bar.

Me being spent, and a bit buzzed, went home a happy camper. I saw her in the bar a few times after and even spoke with her but there was never any repeat performance unfortunately.

