Iron Man Accident

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-04-29 13:44

Hey guys and gals, i went to the cinema last night to see Iron Man 3 and it was awesome. I thought i would tell you about what happened after the film....

So before we went to the cinema we went to a friends house to hang out for a bit, whilst there i had two glasses of coke, we then set off the cinema and arrived 35 minutes before the film was due to start so we went and bought drinks and popcorn before there was too much of a queue and went into the arcade. Whilst at the concession stand i bought an XXL pepsi and a bottle of wine. Whilst in the arcade i slowly sipped away at my pepsi and watched my friends play air hockey.

It got to 20:50 and we decided to go in, upon entering the screen there was only two other people in so we had free choice of where to sit and we went all the way to the back row and sat bang in the center. As time passed a few more people came in but by the time the lights went down i would say there were only about 15 people in the screen, including our group of 6. As the trailers commenced i continued sipping away at my pepsi and eventually the film started. As i watched the film i subconsciously kept drinking my pepsi and eating my popcorn and about half an hour into the film all my pepsi had gone.

About 45 minutes later i decided to open the bottle of wine and intended to share it with my bf, but when i asked him he reminded he was driving. This didn't bother me as it meant i could have the whole bottle to myself. As with the pepsi i subconsciously drank my way through the bottle and with roughly half and hour left of the film it had all gone.

Now with 2 glasses of coke, an XXL pepsi and a bottle of wine in me i could feel it filling up my bladder and as time passed i slowly got more and more desperate, but as you will know i love having a full bladder and i knew i could hold it. Then the film finished and the credits came on and that mus have sent a signal to my bladder as it suddenly decided to wake up and shoot up to 9/10 on the desperation scale. Whenever we go to the cinema we always stay until the credits have done as a lot of films have something at the end of the credits. So as the credits played out i sat wiggling in my seat, occasionally pushing my fingers against my wee hole to relieve pressure.

Finally the film finished and we stood up and walked out. Now i was in motion i had shot to 10/10. I was at bursting point and feeling like any moment i would wet myself. We walked out and as i walked down the stairs to the exit i began to leak, with each step down i took i leaked into my knickers. I reached the bottom and we left the cinema and walked across the car park. As i was walking i kept leaking and now my knickers were very wet. Mostly with wee but also Pepper potts had gotten me a little wet too ;).

Me and my bf reached our car and as we stood waiting for the others i stood leaning on our car dancing and crossing my legs trying not to leak anymore. I knew if i leaked much more my knickers wouldnt take anymore and it would come through to my jeans. Suddenly i spurted....and again.....and again. I was slowly losing control and i knew there was no way i could make it home. I looked round at the people walking past heading to their cars. If i went between our car and the next one i would be able to squat down and no one would say. Just as i thought about squatting a couple came walking over and headed for the car on the other side of ours.

I knew i couldn't squat while they were there or they would see me so i leant on the roof of our car and danced and grabbed myself trying not to spurt anymore. I waited, urging them to hurry up and go. Eventually they pulled out and drove off. I had a look round and there was no one about and decided it was clear to squat down. However my bladder decided squatting wasn't a good idea and decided to start spurting again. Before i could even undo my jeans it decided it wanted to be empty and let go. Before i knew what was happening pee came pouring out of my wee hole, instantly soaking my knickers and steadily darkening my jeans as it spread down my legs. I could only stand there as my bladder emptied. It felt so nice to wee.

Eventually it stopped. I looked down to inspect the damage. The entire front of my jeans were wet through. The back of them round the legs and round my bum were all wet as well. My bf came round the car and looked at my jeans smiling. He then grabbed me into a cuddle and snogged me, gently squeezing my wet bum. The feeling of weeing and now having my bum squeezed was turning me on and i wanted nothing more than to stick my hand in my jeans and rub my pussy, but i knew i had to wait till i got home.

Then as we were snogging our friends came over and my sister looked at my jeans and said "ooooo~ did somebody have an accident" and i just nodded giggling shyly.

She then said "i was going to try hold on till i got home but as seen as you wet yourself". I looked at her puzzled then suddenly i noticed a small wet patch on the front of her jeans, it got bigger, and bigger and i realised she was wetting herself....she was just standing there wetting herself. She sighed in relief and said "i needed that, i was nearly wetting myself but was going to hold it but if you wet yourself i might as well too". I just stared at her and watched her jeans darken as her pee spread all the way down her legs. 

She finished and said "mmmm that was nice" and as if nothing had happened got into the car. We all got in and drove home. We dropped our friends off and when we got home i came on to talk to the lovely Bea and when she went to bed i jumped in the shower fully clothed and stood under the shower, gently rubbing my pussy through my jeans. Then suddenly i felt a hand move mine and resume the rubbing. After my bf expertly used his fingers through my jeans and made my pussy cum we stripped off and had some hot soapy fun ;)

Needless to say im looking forward to my next cinema trip :p

*002*2013-04-29 14:11

{{ 

Another expertly written, highly detailed and arousing story from Gemmy! You did say, so I will ask; did your bf notice your desperation before you wet you pants? I know witnessing all you described would have put a bulge in my pants.

}}

He knew i was desperate and he did have a bulge of his own ;)

*005*2013-04-29 17:28

{{ 

"Ha! I love it when a plan comes together." - Gemmy's BF.

With a grin like that, of course he knew what was happening. Good share. Would love to been there to witness. Especially your friend with the bonus wetting.

(Side Note: Of course you don't leave when the credits roll during a Marvel movie! It's always something good at the end. The same rules apply during a Jackie Chan flick)

}}

The little snippet at the end of Iron Man 3 is hilarious :p

*007*2013-04-29 17:30

I wont tell you, im not a spoiler :)

*017*2014-07-01 21:23

{{ 

Wow!! I always fantasize about bursting at the movies. I wanna pee in the theatre seat someday! :)

}}

I have a few stories on here about being desperate at the cinema, ive never pee'd on the seat but i did once pee into my drinks cup cos i was starting to wet myself and i didnt want to miss any of the film

