Possible drunk wetting of very nice young lady during TV-show

Author: tanin

*000*2015-07-01 18:53

Hello!

Yesterday I accidentally saw a TV show about young people who use to drink hard during parties and their friends nominate him/her to this serial to show them taht their party habbits are wrong. Before party a TV-guy comes to such person, discuss a little bit with him/her, then "hero" goes to a party where is filmed (I don't know if from hidden camera, but propably yes) and the day after the TV-guy vistis this person and they watch together film from party and comment it.

Third (and last) hero of show was 19yo girl named Carolina (her real name) nominated by her friend. As you can see in first image (screen taken the day after, at the beginning of watching "show") she's very attractive.

At the beginnig of the party she drinks a lot (this happy screen with glass of vodka), and in meantime shows us her pink underwear (one of images). Then she dances a lot, touches with some guys and all of such things. While watchg it she's humilitated a little bit and very affraid of her boyfriend's reaction ("he'll propably kill me").

But the most interesting part starts little bit later. Suddenly she starts feeling bad and goes to the toilet propably to vomit (it was not shown, only when she start standing over the toilet - with clean skirt). Next scene is whne she comes out of the toilet with wet back of her dress. What's very interesting that front is dry. She was asked by the TV-guy what happened there, but she said that she can't remember it. But she definetely looks humilitated. For me it looks like she was standing next to toilet door - maybe to vomit - and just wet her pink underwear.

After some time (the film is not continious) we can see another scenes with something that may confirm this theory - down her skirt is dry (propably it dried because of time) but... wet spot appears exactly on front and back of her skirt! The front wet patch is a little bigger than that one on the back (but I can't catch it on screen). Both are at the same high, for me fitting exactly to skirt touching wet panties. She still claimes that she can't remember this. But she's humilitated even more with every minute of the film.

The party film ends when she asks her friend to take her home because she's very drunk and she doesn't feel good.

What's also interesting she's in the same clothes like at the party (propably that's asked by TV) but during one moment we can see her panties the day after and she changes them - the're black. Propably - if you want to - I'll try to catch it later on some screens.

The TV show ends when she runs out of the room crying (one of her final reactions is on the last screen) after watching her show from last night.

