Nearly Got Caught Twice

Author: omnipotentshar

*000*2014-12-23 20:32

Ever had those days where you had absolutely no responsibilities and you just go on a holding and wetting marathon for a few days? Well, that's me right now.

It's holiday break and I haven't purposely held or wet in a pretty long time. I started Sunday, and it felt so good I had to do it again on Monday, though they were just holds. Today (Tuesday) my parents were going out of town early and I decided to have a little fun. I ate some breakfast and purposefully poured myself a tall glass of juice, followed by about 3/4 a bottle of water without taking my morning pee. That went through me rather quick and I decided to wet myself in the bathtub and then take a nice shower to clean up. 

I put on my favorite pair of wetting shorts and hopped in the tub. I released and as we all know, there's something about wetting that it just insanely blissful. I'm getting a lot better and letting everything and training myself that it's okay to wet when I'm wearing clothes. Anyway, as I was just beginning to wet, the doorbell rang several times, letting me know it was my. There was no way in hell I was going to get the door, so I turned on the shower in a panic(Idk why sis didn't use her key, but thank god she didn't). Anyway, after I had finished wetting a took a snap shot and just stood there enjoying the wetness until it became sticky and cold, then cleaned myself up.

The second just happen about twenty minutes ago. After the first accident, I decided to make a makeshift diaper out of some of my other sister's maxipads and some of my regular pads. I'm into AB/DL as well, but has never gotten the chance to try diapers because I'm a total pussy with no license(I'm still beating myself up about not getting a pacifier when I went Christmas shopping the other day). It was so soft and squishy and I loved the way it rubbed against me. I spent my morning wrapping presents and watching some porn on Xtube. I had a pretty strong urge to go and wasn't sure if I wanted to wet myself again or be boring and use the potty. 

After holding for another hour, I finally decided. I was laying in bed and letting small squirts out into my makeshift diapie. It felt really squishy and warm and wet the more a let out. I decided to go back into the bathroom and let out longer squirts and since its just a bunch of pads and not a diapie, I started to leak. I guess I'm one to play with a wet diaper, cause the entire time I kept squishing it and rubbing it in my hands. I finally decided that it was time to let it all go, hopped in the tub again and let go. Goddamn...the smell is so intoxicating. Right when I was just about to walk out the bathroom, parents showed up. My heart dropped as I stumbled back into the bathroom, slamming the door closed. I fell back on the toilet when I heard my mom knock on the door telling me they're back. No shit guys. I swear if I had anymore pee left in me during then, it would have came out. Somehow, I managed to clean myself up without dragging attention to myself.

I hope you liked it :3 I find it pretty funny that I nearly got twice and if enough people want it, I can put up my wet shorts. It's a pretty dark picture on me though ^^

*004*2014-12-24 09:19

{{ 

Even though I'm mainly into holding, not wetting, I've still nearly gotten caught a couple of times when I was bursting to pee. Trust me when I say trying to look and talk normal when you're on the verge of wetting yourself is not easy.

}}

Oh, I know that as well. I get pretty irritable when I'm bursting and somebody unaware of my fetish comes in contact with me. Like, it feels so good but it turns me into a total bitch.

*006*2014-12-24 13:41

{{ 

I don't get irritable. I just get really nervous and awkward trying to pretend like everything's normal and struggling not to let my condition show so that I don't have to come up with some explanation of why I haven't peed. I posted a story a few months ago about one time I got caught. $/22204-almost-got-caught-when-i-was-desperate/#entry876547

}}

I guess everybody acts differently with a full bladder. It would be a pretty interest experiment to get a group on people, make them desperate to pee, and send them out into the world to see how they would react in a social environment.

