Schoolgirl Wetting

Author: goldsub516

*000*2015-05-29 01:18

This is the moment that really set my passion for wetting on fire. I was a senior in highschool and had a really boring biology class. There was, however, this 8/10 sweet blonde in the class that was fairly popular and nice, but I admit that we weren't in the same circles and I didn't know her well. I already knew that I was into wetting stuff from looking it up on the internet for some time, but there was one day that I was bored and just looking around and saw this sweet little skirt she was wearing. 

I ended up catching as many glimpses as I could, and I noticed that she started bouncing her one leg, and then her other. It wasn't noticeable if you weren't watching, but I was. This was a day where we had double periods, so we were stuck in there for 2 hours, and as time went on, that leg jiggle became some really sweet squirming that definitely was noticeable to anyone around, but she could have just been fidgety. It wasn't long until her left hand was hovering around her crotch and her eyes were spending more time closed than they were open. 

I don't understand to this day why she didn't just ask to go to the bathroom, because I'm sure she would have been allowed to, but her decision instead was to really dig that left hand in there. God bless sitting at the table right next to her. She was a sweaty mess by the time she finally raised her hand and asked to go to the bathroom with 15 minutes left to go in class, and I can only imagine that's because she absolutely was not going to last another second. She got up extremely slowly still with that hand hovering, but once she was up she darted.

And it was immediately clear why, because she had left a tiny puddle on the seat next to me! I wonder how much coffee she had had in hopes of surviving that boring class, because it had a gorgeous yellow tint. She had forgotten to take her stuff with her, but she knew what she had done and I guess waited in the bathroom trying to clean up until the bell rung and must have come back for it afterward. I never really spoke with her after this, but I have definitely not forgotten her face, especially how it was scrunched up that day she tried her best to survive that class and failed in the sexiest way possible. I wonder if anyone else noticed...?

