Stories From my Pregnancy

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-08-02 00:57

In the later stages of my pregnancy I've had a couple of incidents that might be interesting. I wrote one up last week but I'll put the rest together here since they are short.

1) A few months ago, in May, I was working back late. Everyone else had left, I think, except for the cleaner. I was just doing photocopying, and marking, and stuff. Paperworking. I'd needed to pee for quite a while, maybe thirty minute or an hour, but not particularly badly or anything. The loos were up the other end of the building so I'd just been putting it off. Just as I was starting to pack up to go home I suddenly had to go rather badly, but not run-straight-to-the-toilet badly, just you-should-probably-go-soon badly. So since the toilet was on the way to my car I decided to finish packing my stuff up first. It probably took me less then five minutes to get everything tidied away and packed to go home, but when I bent over to pick up my handbag from the floor I just started wetting myself. I soaked my leggings. I filled my shoes. I made a puddle on the carpet.

I was shocked. I took off my leggings, knickers, and shoes so I wouldn't track pee everywhere and made an attempt to blot up the wee with paper towel. I found the cleaner, an older woman who was very sympathetic to the embarrassed pregnant lady and wouldn't let me do any more to get the pee out of the carpet. You couldn't see any marks the next day.

I've been pretty careful since then to go pee as soon as I need to. I'm just lucky that it didn't happen earlier in the day.

2) A few weeks ago I'd just finished the grocery shopping and loaded the food into my car when I started to need a wee. I did think about going back into the shops to use the toilets there, they are outside so I wouldn't have needed to ask, but I was tired and had cold food in the car so I figured I could just wait until I got home.

By the first traffic light I realised that was a bit of a poor decision as my need to pee escalated rapidly. I made in home, and inside, but burst on the kitchen floor.

3) A few days ago I was woken up by the phone ringing. I heaved myself out of bed and hurried to pick up the phone before it rang out. It was my husband with a couple of urgent questions about my HR, and leave, and stuff. I had to pee really badly but the questions were pretty important and I figured I could answer them first. The phone call didn't last even two minutes but by the time I hung up I'd already had an accident. But the thing is even though I was desperate enough to wet myself my pajamas, the same ones as in an Ill-Fated Nap actually, they weren't even wet much past my knees. Baby related bladder compression I guess.

4) Otherwise I've leaked a bit when I've got kicked or laughed hard a few times, nothing too bad, barely worth a mention really.

*002*2015-08-06 13:55

I still haven't had my baby actually. I'm due in two weeks so it could be any day now, or in a month. But given how uncomfortable I am right now I'm hoping for sooner rather than later!

*006*2015-08-09 00:27

A weakened bladder is probably one of the more interesting parts of being heavily pregnant, for me anyway. Obviously being able to feel, and see, her moving is even more interesting, but not topical. It's strange going from not needing to pee to literally having an accident in a matter of minutes. I certainly wouldn't want it to happen all the time, but every now and then, in private, is interesting, even fun. :p

I kind of agree with you Jean, I've no doubt it'll all be worth it in the end but my husband gets to have a baby as well and he doesn't have to be pregnant... So yeah, not the best part about being a woman.

I've learned to pee whenever I get the chance, whether I need to or not. That's probably not good advice in general, but when heavily pregnant it is most definitely the way to go. Urgency goes the other way as well though. Sometimes I feel like I'm absolutely busting, so I rush to the bathroom and pee maybe two tablespoons. But I just don't know... If I ignore it would I pee myself, all two tablespoons? I think the usual signals are just all messed up.

That's a great little story Satyr. If I was lying on a bed that broke like that I have no idea how I'd be able to get up! I'm using tongs to pick things up off the floor!

