A Hot Sighting

Author: Pain

*000*2015-08-17 10:17

It was my cousin’s wedding last month, so I along with my family had flown out to attend the ceremony.

There were a lot of guests and relatives already present at my cousin’s place by the time we reached there. I was supposed to know all these people but much to my embarrassment (and theirs), I knew almost none of them.

Well, coming forward to the day of the wedding, all of us were to travel to another city where the wedding ceremonies were to take place.

Since most of the relatives had flown in from various places, none of us had any modes of transportation. Cars were arranged for all of us for commuting to the place of the wedding.

I was in a car with my uncle, aunt, another cousin of mine, her friend and a girl named Neha , who I’d talked to a little the previous day.

Apparently Neha was a distant relative of my cousin who was marrying that day.

She was in her mid-twenties and looked very attractive with her long, straight brunette hair and beautiful eyes. She was one of the bridesmaids and I must say she had dressed up quite well for the occasion.

She was wearing a light pink colored sari with purple and golden borders, matched with a light golden blouse.

For those of you who don't know, sari is a traditional Indian dress worn by women. It looks like this-

I was riding shotgun sitting next to the driver’s seat, while all others were in the back seat.

We had kicked off our journey somewhere around seven in the morning because it was almost a four hour drive and we all had to be there by eleven at all costs for the ceremony.

Anyways, most of us had been thoughtful enough to not drink too much before the 300 kilometer long drive, unless we wanted to stop every fifteen minutes for a pee-pee break and slow down our progress.

But I guess Neha hadn’t accounted for this because merely an hour into the drive she started complaining that she needed to use the loos.

I got an instant hard on when I heard her say that she needed the toilets. I took off my suit jacket and put it on my lap to cover my boner. It was really embarrassing but at least I was sitting in the front and no one could have noticed it.

Neha didn’t say anything about her need to go for a while and I too started to think about other things while looking out of the window.

Then after half an hour, she asked the driver about how long it would take to reach the venue.

Maybe her need to pee was beginning to really bother her now. There were still more than two hours to go before we reached our destination, so I was expecting her to get increasingly desperate with time.

All the people sitting at the back were busy talking including Neha, while I was busy coping with my erection. I was finding it hard not to think about Neha’s need to pee, although she looked like she didn’t need to go at all. Maybe her need wasn’t as pressing as I’d made it to be in my head, or maybe she knew how to cover it up very well.

But barely ten minutes later, she again made a comment that she needed to pee. I turned my face a little and looked at her with a side eye. She was doing something on her phone, maybe texting.

15-20 minutes passed and I was beginning to get really curious by now.

“I really need to go to the bathroom..” I heard her complaint to my aunt, who was sitting next to her. She said it in a way that it would have been clearly audible to anyone in the car. I slightly turned around to look at her again. She was still fiddling with her phone, maybe trying to play it cool.

I was getting excited now. We were at a place where there were no buildings in sight, which meant no loos for her.

The driver asked if he should stop the car so she could go behind a bush or something but Neha turned it down.

For the next hour or so, Neha was considerably quiet as compared to what she was in the beginning of the journey. She had her earphones on and was looking out of the window.

I was growing disheartened as we rapidly neared our destination. I didn’t want this journey to end. I wanted to be in that car and watch Neha’s desperation grow.

In the last 40 minutes of the journey, Neha sat constantly looking out of the window. Air flowing through her gorgeous hair.

A little while later she again started to complain about her need to go. But this time, it wasn’t just a casual admission of her need to pee. I turned around again to see that she was slightly bobbing up and down on her seat and her face was a little frowned.

“It is so hard to hold it…” she said to my aunt.

“Really?” my aunt asked.

“Really bad…” Neha said with a frantic face.

My aunt asked the driver to stop the car. The driver pulled over near a bushy area along the highway.

Neha stepped out of the car and I saw her walking towards the bushes. I found her walk to be quite funny, she was hobbling rather than walking straight. She looked a bit imbalanced, maybe because of her heels or maybe because she needed to go, I don’t know.

Sitting inside the car, I saw an image of her at a distance as she lifted up her sari and squatted behind a bush.

She must have been sitting there for almost a minute and a half before she stood up, adjusted her sari and began walking back towards the car.

I noticed that her walk was much more gracious now and that she looked way more relaxed than what she was just moments ago.

My aunt poured Neha some water from a bottle so she could wash her hands. My uncle and I decided that since we had made a stop, we too should relieve ourselves, although it wouldn’t have been an issue even if we just continued with the journey. The venue was barley twenty minutes away.

Anyway, I deliberately walked off towards the spot where Neha had relieved herself just moments ago. What I saw on reaching there was a huge patch of wet soil.

I was insanely turned on by the size of it. I wondered how much Neha would have been holding to soak such a wide portion of land.

My penis was going to tear out of my pants. After my erection calmed down a bit, I relieved myself over the already wet soil but it hardly made any difference to the size of the soaked land.

I walked back towards the car and my aunt poured me some water so I could wash my hands. By now, my uncle had climbed back into the car.

I took my seat next to the driver and we continued on our journey. The rest of the way, I kept taking quick but regular glances at Neha.

After the wedding was over, all of us relatives and friends, spent time talking and clicking selfies. I was in a ton of group photos with Neha, that my cousin eventually uploaded on Facebook.

The whole two days we stayed at my cousin’s place, I couldn’t muster up the strength to ask Neha about her desperation in the car.

There were so many things I wanted to know, but couldn’t just because I felt incredibly shy and apprehensive to bring up the topic before her. We all said our goodbyes two days after the wedding. I was sad to go home. I don’t know when I’d be meeting all of my cousins and relatives again, and not to mention Neha.

There was still so much of her that was unknown to me, but at least I know she has a huge bladder.

*002*2015-08-18 14:32

You are welcome, wettingman.

