Sighting at Killington Tuesday

Author: skixc2

*000*2014-12-27 00:30

Sighting at Killington on Tuesday.

SO anyone in the Northeast United States will know that this Christmas week was miserable in terms of weather – just pouring rain, warm and most of the snow is gone. But I did get one more opportunity to get out and downhill ski before it got real bad. On Tuesday I went to Killington Ski Resort in Vermont, it was fresh snow in the morning, but had turned to rain in the afternoon, so by 3pm I had had enough and headed into the K1 lodge to change and go home.

Once in there I saw two girls. One taller slender blonde in black tights and a fleece and one shorter Asian girl in a sport top and light pink tights. BUT – the Asian girl’s light pink tights were soaked down the front and back; It looked like she peed, but I just assumed it was from the rain. They were attractive though and I took a table near them to get out of my own rain covered ski clothing, and I heard them talking.

Asian: “Shit, I’m really soaked. I need to be in any pants but these, except they’re all I brought – stupid!”

Blonde: “Yeah – you really did a number”

Asian: “Hold on, get a picture of me”

She proceeded to pose in her wet pants while the blond snapped her picture. Then came the good part.

Blonde: “It really looks like you peed your pants.”

Asian: “Yeah, but we’ll just caption it saying it was rainy and they’ll never know I actually wet myself, you can tell the difference between pee and rain.”

Blonde: “That’s not what you said going up the gondola – you said it was warm, haha”’

Asian: “Eww, yeah, it totally was.”

After that they took off laughing to the bathroom, presumably to change. Although into what I don’t know as the Asian girl has indicated that she had no other pants. I waited a while for them to come out but they never did, oh well. Was still quite the exciting thing to witness and overhear for sure. Not the first time I’ve experienced people peeing themselves while downhill skiing. ;)

