It started promissing

Author: Zogan

*000*2013-02-21 18:41

Hello, people :)

Yesterday I told You about my ex girlfriend Tina, who was keen to please me with panty wetting. Today I have found the time, not without problems :), to tell You about another girl I met on the Internet a Year ago or so.

I had separated with my previous girlfriend, and to be honest, was deeply down. I loved her a lot and everything worked out just so nice, at least after my opinion, until one day she just came home, and simply announced that she does not love me anymore and that she wants to travel to some other European country. But anyway, this is the background why I went online and started to chat with other girls. I did not had special interest in relationship, as my heart was still in ruins but I just wanted to be able to communicate with females again.

So, upon continuing conversations and occasional datings with some young women, I stumbled upon I girl from my home country, who invited me on date. Lets call her Sandra. She was 23, approx. 1.6 m high blond average girl with a nice body and a little bigger than averadge brests. The date itself was nothing special, and I would have forgotten it, if only we did not start to exchange some formal e-mails about some business stuff. Somehow these mails went off the business line and we pretty straightforward started to talk about sexual things.

Once I just mentioned my interest in seeing girls peeing their panties, and that I found it quite arousing. What I got back was something I had heard just once before in my whole life tame from the girl.

"What do You think about peeing in some ones mouth?" was her question. Well, it would be an understatement that I was completely out of my mind. Girls just are not supposed to came with such questions!. Ha ha! I politely answered that I have never done that, but I could consider to try it sometimes. Which was completely true.

It happened that I had to go to another city for a couple of days, to arrange renting of my previous apartment. And as I live in Norway for time being again, I invited Sandra just to come and join me, hoping of course, for some nice time spent together.

It was beginning of summer and already during the first day I found new people and arranged new rental agreement. In the early afternoon I met Sandra at the airport and we went back to my place. We ate some lunch and I suggested to visit neigbouring town not far from Swedish boarder, with very interesting 1700 centuries fortress. Actually the old town of Fredrikstad itself is fortified and surrounded by fortress walls.

Upon preparation to leave, Sandra just suddenly asked:

" Have You thought about experiencing your dreams? "

This could not be misunderstood...I tried not to show open excitement, but just answered:

"Yeah, this could bee great!"

Actually I wanted to scream: YESSS! OF COURSE I WANT!!!, but I thought it would be to obvious and could look stupid and be offending to her. Because of this I wanted to keep the subject up, but stay cool.

We get into the car , and I had made sure we have 1,5 litre water bottle with us. All the time driving( we had to drive some 50 km on narrow and slow Norwegian roads ) she was sipping from the bottle and when we were approaching she complained about her needing to pee. The fact that she deliberately would wet her panties on the street come up during the ride. She was willing to do it but I could tell that she was a little bit afraid and almost chickened out. Once or twice she asked me me to stop, and let her do it then and there, but I was just smiling and reminded that this is not my dream.

When we arrived in Fredirkstad it was still daylight. She jumped out of the car stud still for a while and I saw some droplets dripping on the pavement. It made small puddle but this was it. I could see that she is a bit afraid someone will notice, but she did not cared much. We started walking and she just stopped from time to time to release some jets of pee into her knickers. We went around and I counted some five such stops. All folowed by small puddles on the ground. People were walking avarywhere but no one seemed to notice, as we allways were some 30 or more meters away.

This was it for a longer period of time, but after an our or so before we had to go back to the car she asked me to hug her strongly, which I did, and she just relaxed a big jet of pee, which resulted both of us standing in the puddle of her making.

We drove home, drank some Sparkling wine and had a beautiful sex. For me it was double pleasure, as I had lost al lot of the sexual interest towards women after my previous divorce.

Later on that night I had a chance to show her how I can pee in girls mouth, but this is outside this story and this board. Sorry :)

She left to days later, and sent me back a letter that she was very, very happy and satisfied. This was really nice to hear, as I was in doubt about her feeling to be used by me.

Time went by and for several months I had no contact with Sandra again, but somehow we managed to meet once again. She told me that that our previous naughty meeting has been a tremendous adventure for her, as she came from very strict and conservative family, and of course she had never done something like this before. But what was more interesting she told me, that she did had the nerve to tell her girlfriends about the whole panty wetting thing, and that several of her friends had told her that they had dreamed about something like this but have never ever tried it in real life.

So conclusion must be that, if you succeed in finding a really open minded girl, and she is brave enough and You are tender enough with her, she can make wonders for You.

To finish this story, we have discussed with Sandra about meeting some other time again, but as we live in different countries and I am really busy with my work it could be not so soon. I just hope that when we finally can meet, she still has an interest to do the same.

*001*2013-03-14 15:40

Here comes some pictures of her weeing on the street. I know there is not much to see, but the small puddle is there :)

In the second picture you can eaven see the how the puddles were made :)

And, I apologize for not posting the girl's face, but this is her wish, so I want to keep my promise...

