Bursting Schoolgirl

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-08-30 19:19

Hey guys and gals, im back with another one of my adventures, this is one of the ideas that appeared on my suggestion thread and came from the lovely Beatrix. She suggested a schoolgirl scenario where I was stuck in detention or something like that, however this inspired me to do something more daring. The premise of the idea was to be a schoolgirl walking home from school whilst desperate to pee. I was talking to Beatrix all day and decided she would do one of her schoolgirl ideas at the same time. She would be stuck in detention whilst I was walking home and we would text each other.

I started out at 12:00 drinking water to slowly fill up my bladder and over the two and a half hours that followed I drank 5 pints of water. I then changed into my schoolgirl outfit. I put on a pair of white knickers, a pair of white stockings, my grey pleated schoolskirt, a white bra, a white shirt, my black and red tie and a black cardigan. To finish off the look I put on my glasses and tied my hair in pigtails using red bows. Now I was dressed like a schoolgirl I was ready to re enact my scenario. I decided the best way to do this to make it as realistic as possible would be to go to my old school and walk home. I drank another pint and by this time my bladder was around 7-8 on the scale.

At 15:00 my boyfriend took me up to my old school in the car. When we got there I drank a litre bottle of energy drink to give my bladder a challenge. We sat outside in the car for a while, my bladder slowly filling up to almost bursting. Back when I was at school the day finished at 15:15 so I waited until it was officially hometime and then got out of the car. As I stood up my bladder jolted and I realised I was at 9 on the scale and quite desperate. My boyfriend drove off and I set off walking home, unfortunately for my bladder when I was at school I only lived up the road but now I live across the other side of town and my journey would take twice as long.

Although I was desperate I was in control and was able to walk normally at a reasonable pace, although I kept stopping occasionaly to cross my legs and ease the pressure in my bladder. The first five minutes were relatively easy, I was able to hold on quite easily and was quite enjoying the walk. Then I had a realisation, I was walking down a hill and realised once I got to the bottom I would have to cross over a river and waterfall to get into the town centre. Just the thought of the waterfall made my bladder squeeze but I carried on.

I started walking over the bridge and the sound of the crashing water went straight through me and caused my bladder to jump and shoot up to 10. I had to stop on the middle of the bridge and cross my legs tightly shut, this sudden increase in pressure from my bladder had taken me by surprise and I thought I was going to lose it right there. I regained control of my bladder and had to carry on, if i'd have stayed there listening to the waterfall much longer I would have lost it.

I carried on, heading into the town centre, by now I was bursting, all the liquid I had drunk filtering into my bladder and filling it to bursting point. I stood at the zebra crossing doing a little pee dance to help me hold it, there was no way I could stand still. The traffic stopped and I walked across the road, thanking the driver of the van that stopped by giving him a wink. I walked through the town centre getting increasingly desperate and seriously starting to doubt my ability to make it home. I reached another road and stood waiting for someone to stop and let me across.

As I was waiting to cross Beatrix told me that she was in detention and bursting to pee and that she had just leaked, reading this made my bladder contract and I leaked a little into my knickers. My natural reaction to this would have been to grab myself but as I was stood in a busy town centre I resisted. Finally someone let me cross and I thanked the guy only to notice it was the same van driver from before, it must have been his lucky day and I gave him a cheeky smile as I walked over the road.

I walked along and kept leaking into my knickers, I headed down the slope into the subway underpass. I walked along it and looked round, when I saw no one was about I lifted my skirt and checked the damage to my knickers...i had a big wet patch on the front. As I as looking I leaked some more and I realised there was no way I could make it home without having an accident. I felt naughty and decided all I needed to do was relieve a little pressure in my bladder. I had another quick look around and when I saw no one was around I pulled my knickers to the side and started to pee against the wall (if blokes can do it why cant I :p).

Unfortunately just as I started I heard someone coming down the steps at the other end and quickly pinged my knickers back into place catching a few drops that escaped as I tried to stop the flow and let my skirt fall down and carried on walking along. I couldnt believe it, I had begun to relive the pressure when I was interrupted, I had only let a little out and was still really desperate but at least a little of the pressure had been let out. As I passed the little old man I couldnt help but think how lucky I was that I had mamged to stop it, I would have probably give the poor guy a heart attack if he had seen that :p.

As I climbed the stairs at the other side of the subway I couldn't help but leak with each step I climebed. I could feel my knickers getting really wet now and I knew it wouldnt be long before they would stop absorbing the leaks and spurts and they would run down my legs. I carried on walking, now with my thighs pressed together and edged closer to home. I came to another road and stood dancing and wiggling on the pavement as I waited to cross. Finally someone let me go and I dashed across the road leaking with each step, I reached the other side and dashed into the snicket.

As soon as I was out of sight I shot my hand up my skirt and inside my knickers and rubbed my wee hole to help relieve some of the pressure being pushed onto it. I rubbed myself for a minute or two and then carried on walking, taking little tiny baby steps. I finally reached the end of the snicket and saw my house, my bladder gave a huge squeeze at the thought of relief being only moments away and I spurted into my knickers. I felt the spurt slowly running down the inside of my thigh and I quickly rubbed it away before anyone could see it.

Now as mentioned I was re-enacting a walk home from school which meant I still had one thing left to do before going home, I had to go to the shop and get a drink and some sweets. I walked over the road trying not to leak anymore but failing miserably. I walked into the shop and the lovely old man that owns said “hey Gemmy” then his eyes nearly popped out of his head when he saw me. I winked at him and told him I was going to a fancy dress party and thankfully he believed me. I stood looking at what sweets to get and had no option but to cross my legs and dance about. I picked up some items then went to the fridge to grab a drink and without thinking opened the door and the cold hit my bladder and nearly made me lose it completely. I bent down with my legs crossed tight hoping I could control it just a bit longer. I went and paid, all the while bobbing and wiggling and then walked out.

I walked round the corner to my house and walked up the drive, I had made it, I had completed my challenge. I was so happy until I turned the doorknob and the door wouldnt open. I went to get my keys out but then realised with horror I had left them earlier cos I didnt think I would need them and couldnt be bothered carrying my bag with me. I loked up the drive and my boyfriends car wasnt there but my sisters was so I banged on the door, legs crossed and my hand jammed in my crotch praying desperately she was home. After a while of knocking there was no answer. This took me back to the first time I'd ever had an accident as it was in a similar situaiton to this.

I went round to the back to see if the back door was open, it was'nt. I told Beatrix and she urged me on saying I could hold on till somene got home. I highly doubted that, I was on the verge of wetting myself and couldnt hold much longer. I rang my boyfriend and he said he had popped into town and would be back in a couple of minutes. I stood there with my legs double crossed, bending at the knee and wiggling like mad trying desperately to hold on just a bit longer till he got home. I kept leaking and spurting and it was getting harder and harder to hold it back.

Suddenly Bea told me she was wetting herself and my bladder couldnt take this news, I started wetting myself, I quickly jammed my hand agaisnt my wee hole trying to stop the flow but it just seemed to keep coming. I thought that was it, I thought it was over but I somehow stemmed the flow and re gained control of my bladder. I was now standing in a puddle of wee with droplets running down my legs and stockings. I spent the next few minutes doing everything I could to not lose control again. Suddenly I heard a car and went round the side of the house to find my boyfriend rolling up the drive, he parked up and got out and headed for the front door. I set off following him when I started weeing again, I regained control but now I couldnt move. I took a step forward and lost control yet again. I was stuck now, If I tried to take a step I would wet myself completely. Suddenly my bladder gave a huge squeeze and my wee hole accepted defeat.

I started weeing uncontrollably and quickly squatted down in the driveway. My knickers were going see through as the wee flooded out of me. A huge puddle started forming underneath me....god it felt good....infact it felt amazing. Thats when I felt it, I was aroused to start with after listening to Bea's desperation and wetting and now the feeling of my wee flowing out of me and getting my knickers and legs and skirt wet was making me super aroused. As I continued weeing I could feel myself getting closer to orgasm, if I didnt stop weeing soon I was going to cum right there and then.

The feeling greww rapidly and I passed the point of no return, no matter what I did now I was going to cum so I thought I might as well make the most of it and stuck my hand inside my knickers and rubbed my clit. I started to moan and scream then suddenly remembered where I was and stifled my cries of ecstasy, after about 30 seconds I came long and hard and collapsed onto the driveway where I lay for a while shaking and quivering. After a while I managed to find the strength to stand up and headed inside and sat at my desk where ive been sat since in my wet uniform.....i dont want to take it off cos it feels so nice.

FIN

Hope you guys enjoyed, for those who posted ideas in my thread I will be performing the suggestions and posting the stories in the near future so keep a look out

Gemmy xxx

*008*2012-09-16 12:52

{{ 

Thankyou, thankyou, thankyou Gemmy!!! After having read half of your story I grabbed my laptop and sat down on the floor in my living room, where I continued to read while I started to let go small spurts of pee in my panties! All the time I stroke my pussy softly outside my panties. And it made me have such sweet orgasms, coming one after the other!! It felt so nice to sit in a puddle of pee, growing bigger and bigger. And in the end I fantasized beeing with you, sharing your big orgasm :p Oh, you've made my day!

}}

Hee hee, you are very welcome, reading this and knowing the effect it had on you has made me aroused, i may have to indulge in some fun myself now ;)

{{ 

Another brilliant story well written with superb description. I feel I'm there watching well done. I love absolute desperation, despite leaking and wetting you still tried to hang on. You certainly deserved your orgasm at the end, especially as you've probably caused some other ones elsewhere.

}}

Thanks, i love getting to that stage and seeing how long i can keep control....i certainly hope i have, it makes me happy knowing others enjoy my stories :)

*012*2012-09-17 12:27

{{ 

What can I say? you had me at pigtails. And then...al the omorashigoodness aside, being wet, STAYING wet, made me have to give in o certain needs, and as I lay nbed typing this, I do believe I will let myself fall asleep warm, wet and with thoughts of this entrancing ale in my head.

}}

Thanks, glad you enjoyed it so much ;)

{{ 

Amazing. I loved everything about this story, especially the lost keys realization.

}}

Thank you :)....i love that bit too...i didnt at the time though :p

*015*2012-09-22 07:40

{{ 

This was my second time going through your story and.. let's just say I had a lot of fun reading it. thanks for sharing

}}

Hee hee...glad you enjoyed it :D

