Wetting the bed and floor

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-16 23:27

Hi guys, so I must admit I feel a bit dizzy after just now!

All day, and likely for the forseeable future I've been holding until I can't then standing by the toilet until I spurt a few drops and then race to pee on the toilet, and as fun as that is, I wanted to feel my warm pee hiss out of me! I sat on the computer and wet a few times so my but was wet, but it was boring without the desperation. I thought that later I would hold it and get desperate. So that time rolls around and I'm drinking plenty water, I begin to get desperate lying on my bed so I put on some pjs and move the cover so I'm just lying on my blue sheets.

An hour later of drinking, squirming and scrolling on my phone, and I'm beginning to whimper. My pee is tempting my urethra to let it out and I'm fighting. Eventually I let out a squirt, still whimpering with these tiny squirts, my stomach started to hurt and cramp from my need. There was nothing visual yet so I just stayed still as moving hurt my stomach. I pressed my bladder lightly a couple of times and it violently spasmed so I stopped that as it hurt. Eventually a longer spurt escaped me and I felt my crotch get warm.

There was now a very dark grey patch in my crotch and a few spots on the bed I was still bursting and began writhing a little as my bladder forced out a pretty strong stream. I felt and heard pee splash out of me and pool under my butt. I looked at my now even greyer crotch and a sizeable wet patch between my legs. I jumped up as I didn't mean to pee so badly on the bed, and the spot was pretty big, I was dancing and decided I wanted to go still, but something in me told me to pee on the floor.

I didn't even try to hold on as I let the warm liquid flow down the insides of my legs and felt my panties and pajama pants get heavy with pee. It made a loud splashing sound on my bedroom floor. There was pee literally dripping even after I'd finished. It took about 3 minutes of peeing a good stream on and off to empty myself, then I mopped off with a towel, put it and my wet clothes in the laundry and tried in vain to use tissue to dry the bed a little! Now I'm half heartedly waiting for it to dry but I'm super tired lol, now it's cold too...

Anyway hope you enjoyed reading!

*004*2015-09-17 09:47

{{: 

Oh my that's really hot >///< you really drenched yourself! It's a great story and thank you very much for your contribution :)

}}

Thank you! I guess I had to pee more than I realised :P

{{: 

Very nice! If you're that tired, sit in the cold wet spot and pee it again, warming it up. Then cover up with a quilt. That's what I do.

}}

Haha, I covered it up with a blanket and went to sleep, it's still there now though so I'm hoping if I leave it uncovered it will dry!

{{: 

That's a great story, and fantastic pictures. I love your grey pyjamas! Perfect for a visible wetting!

}}

Thanks Barry, I love your stories! Yeah I think they were a great choice, thank you for reading

*006*2015-09-17 15:14

{{: 

Thank you for posting this well written, with good details, story of your recent wetting. The pictures enhance your tale greatly. From the look of your soaked PJ , you were holding in a huge amount of pee.

}}

Wow thank you so much! I love having a good story to tell, and I know I love it when people post pictures so I thought I'd post some of my own. Yeah I was holding a lot more than I expected!

*010*2015-09-18 19:34

{{ 

Wow, what a nice surprise to find this story today! You really wet more than you had intended, but I bet you felt thrilled with the results. Thanks a lot for sharing your pictures of the big event.

}}

Yeah I couldn't believe how much of a puddle I made on the floor, I don't think it's so visible in those pics but I shocked myself lol... my housemate is starting to get suspicious about the frequent washing of my towel, I said it isn't soft enough so I want to try different detergent :P

{{ 

Very nice, thank goodness for tile floors

}}

Yeah, I thiink that's the main advantage of moving to Europe!

{{ 

Hot story. Thanks for posting!

}}

Thank you, glad you enjoyed it :)

<script type="text/javascript" src="/pagespeed_static/js_defer.pbrP1whUgE.js"></script>

*013*2015-09-20 15:10

{{ 

Great story and pictures. Thanks for posting. Did you think about peeing completely in bed? Is there a mattrass protector? I hope you pee more in bed next time.

}}

Hey, so there's no protection and that's why I was so worried!! Glad you enjoyed it :P

*016*2015-09-21 12:11

{{ 

Great story and you look adorable in those wet PJs hopefully this isn't your last contribution <3

}}

Thank you so much! It most likely won't be but I'm trying to not make my room mate suspicious

{{ 

I once wore a diaper and it leaked on the bed, the only thing to do is put a towel under the sheets and wait a few days, unlesss you have reversable mattress

}}

Hahaha, I used an old blanket and that worked okay, thanks for your tips :P

