Joy's next accident

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-08-02 17:04

After Joy accidentally pooped her panties at the state park when trying to holding it for me for my birthday in my last story she refused to wet herself again for me for a few months - understandably so. So I waited (un)patiently for her to get over the embarassment of soiling herself. And kept waiting.

Finally, after a few months, I sort of got my wish. I say "sort of" because I didn't actually get to witness what happened.

It was a Friday night in late November and I was waiting at her high school to pick her up after her high school band got back from a football game a couple of hours away. The busses arrived finally around 11 pm and everyone started getting off. I got out of my car and went to go find Joy amongst the crowd. For a few minutes I wandered around, not seeing her, then went back outside and found her waiting by my car. The first thing I noticed was that she had her jacket tied around her waist, which I only noticed because it was a little cold out and she had her arms crossed like she was cold. It made me wonder why she'd not be wearing the jacket if she was cold. But some other kids weren't wearing their jackets so I figured they had the heaters on high in the bus and it had gotten hot and stuffy.

So I walked over to her and she smiled at me, sort of, and I kissed her and hugged her and opened her door. She sat down and pulled her jacket up so she wasn't sitting on it. When she did I caught a glimpse of the crotch of her jeans (of course I was looking, duh!) and thought that they seemed dark but didn't want to get my hopes up and figured it was a shadow. Even so, my heart started beating a little faster and I couldn't help but get a little excited. Maybe?

I got into the car and we started to drive towards her house. I asked how everything had gone and we talked about the game and the band. Then she said, "But the bathrooms there were really nasty. So, you know me, I decided to hold it until we got home."

I said, "Oh?"

Joy said, "But, of course, it was a really long ride back..."

"Yeah?" now my heart was most definitely beating faster and I was starting to get aroused.

She said, "And, you know me..."

I asked, "'I know you' meaning... what?"

She said, "You know." She didn't sound upset. She sounded almost a little playfull.

She continued, "What happens to me when I hold it for a long time and get stuck somewhere without a bathroom, like a schoolbus?"

I said playfully, "You... hold it longer until you get back?"

She gave a little snort/laugh, "Ha. I wish."

I sat there, very aroused now, waiting for her to continue. A few moments later Joy said, "You're going to make me say it, aren't you?"

I smiled at her and asked almost sarcastically, "Say what?"

"Say that I wet myself," Joy responded in the same sarcastic tone.

"How bad?" I asked.

"Bad enough. It shows," she said. "That's why the jacket is around my waist - to hide it."

"Did anybody see?" I asked.

"No, I don't think so." She continued, "It was dark on the bus and just as we were getting back near the school I lost it and peed some but I regained control and held the rest of it until the school. I tied the jacket around me and ran to the bathroom before I lost any more, but I'm pretty damp and I know it is at least showing on my crotch, probably my butt. That's why the jacket is there. I didn't want to take any chances."

I said, "I'll be happy to check for you."

She said, "I'm sure you would."

We got back to her house and all the lights were off. We parked in the driveway and I asked her to show me. She untied the jacket and lifted herself and turned so her butt was towards me. There was a noticable half-moon wet mark just up her butt, but not far - mostly it was her crotch that was dark.

I said, "Mmmmm, nice."

"Of course you like it," she teased me.

"I do indeed," I said, and leaned over to kiss her and touch her. She let me rub her jeans. They were still damp, but cold now. We continued to make out and I unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and slid my hand down her panties. They were also still damp but cold. She let me finger her to orgasm and then returned the favor with her mouth before she hurried inside to shower and change.

After that she wasn't afraid to wet herself for me again and Christmas was coming up soon...

