A friends public onesie wetting

Author: Barry

*000*2015-07-30 22:43

A friend of ours told us a story about herself last night. She related it as a funny incident, but it had a different effect for me.

Tracey is a single mum in her mid 40s. She is quite short, and has a solid build, leaning towards the heavy side. She has long brown hair, brown eyes, and is quite pretty in a larger MILF kind of way. As far as I know, she has no omo tendicies, but does have a slightly weaker bladder, typical of middle age women who have experienced child birth.

She told us that the other night she was relaxing at home, watching TV, and wearing her purple footed onesie as she lay on the couch. Underneath that she wore a short nightie, cotton panties and thick socks, what she normally sleeps in after taking the onesie off.

At about 10pm, her daughter who is 22, got a call inviting her to a friends place for drinks and to sleep over, so asks her mum for a lift. It was only a 15 minute drive away, so Tracey agreed. She refused to get changed though, as she wasn't getting out of the car. She put a dressing gown on as well, and the set off.

It was a cold night, and they weren't even halfway there when she and her daughter, both smokers, rolled their windows down and lit up. The sudden cold air rushing in reacted with Tracey's semi full bladder that she had earned with 2 cups of tea, and she suddenly needed to pee quite badly. By the time they arrived at her daughters friends house, she claimed to be "really bursting," but there was no way that she was going inside wearing a purple footed onesie and dressing gown, so she dropped her daughter off and left.

She had stuck to back streets for the trip, but decided to go back via the main roads. More traffic, but a shorter distance, and presumably quicker at that hour. As she turned into the main road, she wound down the window and lit another smoke. Once again the cold air rushed in, intensifying her urgency even more. She said she was driving and wiggling around in her seat a lot, and had trouble driving, so she put out her smoke, closed the window, and started holding herself with her hand. She was within 5 minutes of the turnoff for her place when she rounded a bend and came across a road side breathalyser unit pulling over 4-5 cars at a time. She was about 4 cars back, and had to park and wait for the police to work down the line to reach her car.

As she sat there squirming, she suddenly coughed, and felt the familiar feeling of her bladder leaking a little bit as she sat there. She usually wears a pad when she goes out, just in case, but hadn't put one in as she wasn't planning on leaving the house. It was only a squirt, but she said she felt wet and incredibly helpless as she sat there, as there was nothing she could do.

Eventually the cop got to her car. Again she wound the window down and felt the cold night air wash over her. She felt a but embarrassed about her attire, but the cop didn't say anything about it. She had grabbed her purse as she left, so could provide ID when asked, and she was completely sober.

The cop asked her to blow into the machine, but she didn't blow hard enough the first time, so she had to do it again. The second time she took a deep breath and blew harder, really pushing the air out. But as she started trying to blow harder, she started to push her pee out at the same time, and ended up losing all control of her bladder, and completely wet herself as she was blowing!

Her dressing gown is navy blue, and was belted at the waist, covering her to knee length so her accident couldn't be seen at all. But she said when she started peeing she couldn't stop. So she sat there blowing into the breathalyser as she emptied her full bladder into her clothing. She claimed there was no smell, and the cop didn't appear to notice. He just thanked her and moved onto the next car.

Apparently when she got home her onesie was wet to the back of her knees and her bum was fully drenched, and her gown was saturated as well. But it had protected the car seat enough so there was only a small wet patch on it.

Thankfully no one else was home to witness it.

But my God I was so turned on as she told us!

