Wet myself quite badly in public

Author: liesjeversteven

*000*2015-07-15 17:40

Hi all,

I got in a potentially quite embarrassing situation today, and I thought you would probably appreciate me telling you about it :-)

I had the day off and I was out shopping for clothes in the city (it's 'solden' period in Belgium) and was going to meet up with a friend afterwards in a coffeebar we often go to.

So I spent a couple of hours going in and out different shops and trying on all sorts of things. I managed to buy some funky tops and a really nice skirt and two summer dresses. I spent a bit more than I planned to (always happens, doesn't it?) but I was really quite happy with the additions to my wardrobe. It was almost time to meet up Marieke (not her real name, but close) so I headed out towards the coffeebar. I noticed had to pee quite badly, but not to the point that I was worried, so I started walking, carrying my shopping bags in my hands.

It's about a 15 minute walk from where I was to the coffee bar. On the way my need grew considerably so I was walking quite fast, but I was sure I was going to be fine. Until I turn the corner to where the place was, and saw that the lights were out. It was closed! I was getting quite frantic at that point because I was counting on getting there and going straight to the toilets. Just at that moment Marieke calls me on the phone. I put my bags down, rummaged through my purse to find my phone. I'm just too late to pick it up, so I had to call her back and she tells me the coffee bar is closed and she went to another place two streets further.

I said ok, put back my phone, pick up my bags, all the while crossing my legs and squeezing my tighs together and head off to the other place. By that time I'm worried I won't make it. I have to stop a couple of times on the way to squeeze my tighs together really hard, but I make it to the place. I see Marieke sitting there, I hardly say hi to her, throw my bags at her feet and run inside. I don't know this place, so jumping up and down I ask the waitress where the toilets are and then run down the stairs and inside the ladies. I pull at the door, it doesn't open and I hear a girl saying 'just a minute'. I'm really panicking by now and stand there contorting myself in all sorts of directions in an ultimate effort to keep my knickers dry, and then suddenly it happens.

Now normally when I'm in this state I start dribbling a little, bit by bit, but manage to keep it sort of in control. This time was different though. I feel my muscles give up and a strong at least two seconds long spurt shoots out and goes down my legs before I manage to stop. I was just in time to kick my flipflops off my feet or I would have got them wet too. I manage to control myself for another couple of seconds before another spurt, a bit longer this time goes down my legs and a little puddle forms at my right foot. Just then the door opens. I almost pull the girl out of there, run inside, and while I'm locking the door I start peeing full force, no controlling it, so I just plop myself down on the toilet and pee the rest through my knickers.

Now I'm sooooo happy I was wearing a skirt with nothing underneath other than a pair of really thin knickers. If I had been wearing pants it would have been a disaster. I cleaned myself up as well as I could, put my flipflops back on and pretended nothing happened when I walked back to my friend who was waiting for me. Of course I told her what happened. She's a good friend and has seen me in situations before, and I her, so we had a good laugh about it. But nobody else was the wiser. It took a while before my knickers were completely dry though :-)

So that's what happened.

Love

Liesje

*003*2015-07-17 08:41

Only the latter. Apart from my girlfriend nobody knows about my fetish.

*005*2015-07-18 00:44

I honestly have no idea! I guess if it were colder I'd tie my jacket around me, but I wasn't wearing one as it was quite warm... I did still have my purse, with my phone, so I could have called Marieke to bring me something from my shopping bags to put on I guess... I just don't want to think of that really!

