First time rewetting

Author: RyKahn610

*000*2014-06-05 04:59

I'm interning about 1000 miles away from home this summer. Last week, the day I got here I was feeling a bit horny, and after having been travelling for a while already had laundry to do. So I figured, why not?

I got some groceries, picking up plenty to drink. As soon I was unpacked I started. I downed a bottle of water, a can of soda, a glass of juice and a glass of lemonade in an hour, all while doing, er um, something else .

As soon as I was done with... that... I realized how bloated I felt. I didn't feel like I had to go all that much, but my stomach was starting to hurt, so I quickly took off what I was wearing and grabbed a dirty set of cargo shorts, boxers, and socks out of the laundry and went right to the bathroom, turned on the sink, let it fill just enough and then lowered the stream to a trickle. I love that sound!

Only a few seconds later I was standing in the tub, letting go. My shorts were hot with pee. The shorts soaked a lot of it up, but after a minute small streams started jettisoning off the bottoms, wetting my socks and forming a small puddle under my feet.

Then I decided to try something. Whenever I used to wet, I had to clean up right away before any family members came home. But all by myself now, I decided I wanted to see what it felt like to sit in my wet clothes and maybe even re-wet. So I took off my socks and rinsed off my ankles, grabbed a towel and put it on the desk chair so I wouldn't get it wet. It was warm out, so I had the air conditioner on full blast. Boy did it get chilly down there quick!

Finally, about two hours later, I decided it was time for bed. I got up and went to the bathroom, intending to just shower and put the now damp clothes in the hamper. But I decided to stand in the shower and see if anything would come out. I didn't need to pee again yet, but somehow as soon I gave it a push another stream was flooding my shorts and underwear. It was great watching in the mirror as my crotch and legs darkened again, leaving my shorts with three different shades: an outer dampness and an inner soaked-ness. That was a new feeling for me, and one I'll probably try again someday soon before I have to move back at the end of the summer.

