Shopping Sopping

Author: Missypee

*000*2015-11-07 12:50

Back in winter on one dreary drizzling day, I was so bored I decided to go to the next town and do some shopping. Maybe some "retail therapy" would put me in a better mood.

I had just received a brand new pair of plastic pants, so I thought, why not Christian them over a pair of Tena pull-ups . Oh maybe I could make this a fun day out after all.

I got myself ready, pulled my plastic knickers up over my Tena, then squeezed myself into a pair of jeans, checked myself in the mirror to see if my "bum looked big". I then drank two huge glasses of water, which made me instantly urgent, I crossed my legs until I got the courage to slowly uncross when my urgency moment had passed.

So off I went, by now my bladder was filling to a comfortable niggle. I was feeling really horny as I pulled up in the car park. The idea of deliberately walking around browsing and just casually wetting my diaper pants was making me tingle.

The only thing I really needed to buy was some more packs of pull-ups, so I entered the super market and made my way to the "personal care" section and began browsing through the various brands. Eventually I went for my favourites and placed a couple of packs into my basket.

Now my moment had come, I picked an area where a few other shoppers were, just to add some spice to what I was about to do.

My heart raced, I was about to start wetting myself. I began to pee, just a little controlled trickle. Oh it felt so warm and sexy ! Do some more ? I thought to myself, Oh why not !! ....................more trickles, I squeezed my legs together, savouring every warm wet moment of release .

Oh careful I though, remembering I was only wearing pull- ups and a flood would be disastrous, but I have plastic pants on surely they would save me ?

I casually brushed my hand around the back of my jeans, where my leg bands ended ...................... cool no wet patches . Oh do some more ............ my reckless naughty little voice inside my head echoed . I was shaking with excitement as I felt another warm wave of pee bathed my pussy and trickled around my bum .

Oh my God I cant stop !! I crossed my legs and managed to stem the flow . Another frantic hand search, I was so sure I had over done it . Still no wet patches but I was so sure my pull-up was saturated and in grave danger of leaking everywhere. It felt so liquid around my pussy . I resisted the urge to stop and squeeze my legs together and enjoy the warmth that now had engulfed my kitten.

I was sopping and I knew it, it was time to leave, another casual brush with my hand before I got to the checkout .

I payed for my " piddle pants " as my partner calls them, and walked to my car . I could feel my pull-up heavy with pee bulging in my jeans as I walked . It felt so good . I couldn't believe I had got out without a leak, I had a cheeky smile to myself as I opened the car door . Mmmmmmmmmmm time for another squeeze , oh I wish I could............. no I am going to have to wait till I get home .

I dropped onto my car seat ................. SQUISH !! .................................................... instant wetness !! .................................... OMG my car seat

I scrambled out of my car, checked myself again, .................... Oh no sopping bum !!!

As I sat down the air trapped in my plastic pants popped and let all the pee out my legs bands and I wet myself in an instant.

I managed to find a shopping bag to sit on, I took my time, actually hoping to be noticed with my wet patch now proudly on display.

Oh I was in the mood, once again I sat down in my car carefully arranged my seat protection and drove home with the happiest smile on my face .

I "tortured" myself all the way home, I never even made it out of my car . As soon as the door on the garage shut behind me, I ripped my jeans open . I couldn't get my hand inside fast enough . I smelt my pee and my "readiness" , I was so horny as I worked myself into a frenzied climax .

Bucking and squirming against my hand , I felt my climax building ............ so intense , my whole body rocked . A gush of fluid washed over my hand, further soaking my jeans

OH such a mess, but what a beautiful little "shiver" I lay back in my seat catching my breath as the after glow floated me back to earth .

Why is my partner never around when I need him !!!

*005*2015-11-09 10:51

Thanks guys

*009*2015-11-11 10:18

It was the first time, I had actually soaked my pants like that, usually I just get some leaks now and then when I pee too heavily into my pull ups . Anyway it was an unexpected bonus to finish my day

Being seen and acting so innocent, even though you know full well that you have leaked is a sneaky way to have some naughty fun, if you don't mind being noticed that is

