Desperate bus trip

Author: TJC

*000*2015-08-08 06:57

This is a story from when i was on my grade 9 on my high school boys basketball team. There was a girl on the team named Jamie. She was an amazing basketball player so she got put on the guys team instead of the girls. She had white skin and long blond hair she put in a ponytail. She was quite tall for a female her age, about five foot six and had i guess what you'd call a medium/ muscular build. Not muscular as in bodybuilder but you could tell she was athletic, she wasn't a twig.

On this Friday we were going to a tournament about three hours away. We would arrive tonight, check into a hotel and play a game. We would have games all weekend. We were dismissed at around noon and went on the school bus that would be taking us to the hotel. We took roll call and when our coach marked off that we were all here we were off.

Jamie sat with me and we made small talk. We talked about how our classes were going, ball training, the NBA etc. Jamie and i weren't particularly close however i guess she like hanging out with me cause i was the quiet and polite type instead of the loud and obnoxious kind like pretty much the rest of the team. They were always making sexist and offensive comments as jokes to her which i guess she didn't like. The rest of the team at this time was being very noisy, laughing making jokes, talking about pro basketball too, although being far more vocal about their opinions. While we talked, Jamie was sipping from a rather large bottle of water.

I thought this water might come back to haunt her.

I was right. About two hours into the trip, she said something that really interested me. "Perhaps i shouldn't have drank so much. I gotta pee." I was really turned on, and tried to think of something clever to say. "Well, it's good to be hydrated for the game." She smiled awkwardly. She then called out to the coach. "Sir, can we pull over so i can go to the bathroom?"

"No." Jamie looked a little upset. "Why not?"

"Because if we pull over and you go in to the rest stop, everyone else will wanna get out, and with the team being unruly as it is we'll waste too much time there." Jamie looked very annoyed but accepted his answer. The coach was a teacher at our school, one of those strict ones that never let students leave. I could understand him not wanting to pull over though. We were on a tight schedule, and if we went to a restaurant or something for her to be able to pee, everyone would have gone out to buy something and just dick around. The team was very rowdy and unruly like that.

Jamie and i continued our conversation, however her desperation seemed to be quite bad. I think she had waited until she was really desperate to ask to pull over. She was shaking quite a bit and had quite a bit of discomfort on her face. "Are you ok?" I ask her. "No, i drank a shit load no i gotta pee bad. Fucken coach won't pull over."

"Just try not to think about." I try to encourage her to hide my arousal. About half an hour passes and her desperation seems super bad. She stopped talking to me, and didn't seem to be able to focus as i spoke. She asked the coach again, this time getting up and walking over to him. "Please sir, i really gotta go. Can we please pull into a McDonald's or something?"

"No!" He said sternly. "You can wait til the hotel." She waddle back and sat beside me.

She was very fidgety now desperately trying to hold it in. A couple guys on the team made fun of her situation. She was too desperate to really zing them back, so all she really said in response were things like fuck you, or fuck off. Her desperation was super intense. She had her hands clamped to her groin. I could hear her mumbling to herself. "Fuck, I'm gonna pee. This hurts so bad!!" I was unbelievable aroused. She shook around nervously as she tried to hold back an ocean of pee. She was in a lot of pain. her face looked like she'd just been shot.

Jamie knew there was no use in holding on, we'd been on the road for over two and a half hours, and because traffic has been pretty bad due to the weather, there was no way we'd make it to the hotel within the expected 3 hour. Jamie got up and begged the coach once again. "Sir, it's an emergency! I'm about to pee myself." The coach refused again. Jamie wasn't willing to accept that. "Sir, this is my only pair of pants with me, i really don't wanna walk around with a pee stain all weekend. I've already leaked a bit!" She immediately turned bright red upon this admission. The coached let out a big sigh and told the driver to pull over to the side of the road.

"The best i'll do is pull over to the side of the road, finding a restaurant will take too long, and we're already behind schedule."

It wasn't the rest stop she was hoping for but at this point she'd take anything to keep her pants dry. She got out and peed. the coach instructed all of us to avert our gaze. The rest of the team decided it would be wise to use this opportunity to void their bladders too. We all got out and peed. I saw where she had peed in the snow, and let me say, she wasn't kidding when she said she had to go. The team, as expected screwed around outside the bus, throwing snowballs, cracking jokes etc, it would have been horrible if we'd gone to a real rest stop earlier. the coached yelled at them and they got back into the bus. We got clobbered at the tournament, but that didn't really matter, i had a great time anyway, for more reasons than one. ;)

