Rowing cox desperation of ex-girlfriend

Author: boberdebob

*000*2014-08-14 15:56

I have told my latest ex-girlfriend (lets call her Nicky for the time being) about my fetish in the first few months of our relationship and she was perfectly fine with it (though of course she did not understand it at first).

Nicky was always rather reluctant about omorashi “stuff”. When desperate she always became very nervous and edgy and I never got he to pee while I was looking. She did share a lot of her (and her female-friends) experiences though. One of these experiences was, in my opinion, especially fascination. It might seen to amazing to be real, but I can assure you that it is.

So lets start. When Nicky and I were together she was a coxswain at a local students rowing club. (For those who do not know what a coxswain is. A coxswain is the one in a rowing boat who stilts still, steers the boat and coordinates the power and rhythm of the rowers. There is a picture of a rowing boat below this post to make sure you understand what I am talking about).

These rowing teams are pretty serious and train up to twelve times a week (though I think Nicky’s boat “only” trained about eight times a week). Everything has to be perfect in a rowing contest because the differences can be really small. One of the tricks to increase the speed of your boat is having a very light coxswain. To keep competition fair there is a rule that says that coxswains have to weight at least 50 kg (in full gear). If they are lighter the have to take extra weight with them in the boat. After the weighing it is not allowed to change your clothing because it is considered as cheating. You are allowed to go to the bathroom though.

My girlfriend (and probably also other coxswains) used this loophole in the following way. When she woke up on the contest day she went to the bathroom and afterward started to drink a significant amount of water. She kept drink during the trip to the contest location to make sure that she was absolutely desperate, her bladder completely filled to the maximum, just before she was being weighted. At that point she drank another 1.5 liter to stay in her tummy during the weighting. Since she was about 46-47 kg and usually wore some thin clothes the water in her bladder and in her tummy got here above the 50 kg.

After the weighting she always had to dash to the bathroom to prevent peeing herself in front of the weighting jury. There she would threw up what was left of the 1.5 liter in her tummy and pee the (as she has measured for me) about 0.8 – 1.0 liter that was in her almost bursting bladder.

This whole proses on itself (which I have seen with my own eyes a few times) already turned me on big time. Especially the one time where the weighting jury was behind schedule and Nicky had to wait for about half an hour (which she could not manage and ultimately resulted in her going to the toilet after about 20 minutes) and the time where she basically could not hold her pee any longer while standing at the balance in front of the weighting jury, holding herself just to obvious with one hand after which she started to spurt and dash to the toilet in order to limit the damage.

Apart from those two there is another instance where thing got even much more interesting and much hotter. Since I already needed over 500 words to write this introduction (which is essential to understand how Nicky did what she did) I will post that story in a different post. That is, if some of you are interested of course!

*012*2014-08-30 22:09

Sorry that I keep you all waiting so long for 'part 2" (and this is still NOT part 2! :( ). I went on a study trip to the US a few days after I posted the first part I and did not really have private time to write the second part yet (it will come though, do not worry!). I might have time to do it tonight.

{{:

Great story and yes I'd like to hear more.

So did she ever say if she got any pleasure from holding like that?

}}

Like I mentioned in the first part, Nicky did not like to hold her pee on itself. She only really got desperate during the day for rowing purposes (and almost never for me :(... )

This backdraw was partly compensated by something else. Nicky is rather lazy and gets tired rather early (she simply falls asleep between 9 and 10 pm if she is sitting or laying down). She usally gets up at around 8 am on a working day and around 10- 11 am in the weekend. This on itself is not really special, but Nicky also loves to drink tea, about 0.5 to 0.75 (or posibly even more) just before she goes to bed. Though she does not like to hold her pee, she likes getting out of bed even less, especially during the wintertime when her student-room tends to be rather cold. I loved this lazyness (or that is how I see it at least) for apperant reasons.

Due to the facted that her bladder is not huge (no bigger dan 1 liter like I mentioned in part 1) she is alsways dying for a pee when she wakes up in the morning, but she simply refuses to leave the warmth of her bed. She fitghts her urge for a long time, but the size of er bladder in combination with the large amount of tea (and possible other drinks) makes it a battle that she usally lozes between 6 and 8 am. She then gets up (which she dislikes very much) and goes to the bathroom with a long face. Nicky holds her pee for as long as she can keep any comfort in laying down (or probably about 10 minutes more) and than accepts her defeat.

After a few months into our realtionship I found out though, that when I started to turn her on before she was really awake she never fully realized how desperate she was (this is something I can confirm myself, and I guess that many of you would agree, when turned-on my brain seems to partly forget the fact that I have to pee). When I managed to do this I could keep touching her for a long time without her complaining about the fullness of her bladder. I could feel the fullness of her bladder and enjoy it for a long time, something I nevery could during the day. It speaks for itself that I tried to get her in this state almoste every morning.

The situation always changed when I entered her. Due to the simple lack of space in her lower belly, and the resutling rappid increase of preasure on her bladder due to my pressance she always inmidialty complained that she was very desperate and did not know if she could hold it. She never peeed during intercourse though (whice I guess is the result of me shutting her pee hole due to the facted that I had entered her).

Nicky did confirm that she did not really mind having to pee badly during intercourse. Where she really disliked the feeling of beeing desperate during her normal life, she said that the extra preasure on her lady parts in combination with her general hornyness could be rather nice.

So to awnser your question in a shorter fassion: No Nicky certainly did not like holding her pee, the fact that she did it for her rowing boat was purely out of her determination to win. On the other hand, Nicky did not mind, or even somewhat liked the desperation and presure on her bladder when she was turend on and I had entered her.

*013*2017-07-11 17:14

It is just shy of three years since I posted the first part of this story. Most of the initial readers probably hate me, and rightfully so. But anyway, her is part 2(b).

Based on the first two stories you probably have a rough sketch of “Nicky’s” behaviour concerning holding her pee. She did not really like to hold her pee, but when things became competitive, everything, including her bladder, had to obey. This led to a few quite awesome desperation sessions, like the ones I told you before.

This particular day is a bit different though. You do need a bit of context, which I will give in a second, but let me first tell you how Nicky prepared. Like every other race, Nicky made sure that she was able to weigh in with a very full bladder and a tummy filled to the maxed with water (a row cox should weight at least 50 kg, but peeing after the weight determination is allowed). She (and thereby I) got up at 6:30 a.m. to prepare for the race. Her crew would start quite early, which meant she had to weigh in quite early to.

Quite contradictory to every other day (and even to most boat race days) she did not pee after waking up, because she felt she did not have the time to fill het bladder before the weigh in. Thus we started traveling to the race location with an annoyed Nicky (like I said, she did not like to hold). Before leaving home she did drink two of her a large cups of tea though, each containing 400 to 500 ml of tea. I guess that was the competitive part of Nicky making sure that she did everything she could to make her crew win.

When we arrived at the boathouse about 30 minutes after leaving home, Nicky started to fill her other water container: her tummy. She did this by drinking a 1,5 litre bottle of water at a surprising high pace. You should bear in mind that Nicky only weighs about 46 kg, which makes the amount of added liquid (her already filled bladder, the tea and the water) probably over 5 % of her body weight.

But let me get to the context first. During the main rowing season, rowing races are predominately two kilometres in length (about 1.24 miles). This means that the crew rows a minimum of two kilometers to the starting line, then rows the two kilometer in contest and then rows a bit to cool down. This whole procedure should not take much longer than 20 to 25 minutes. In the offseason a number of different contests are held that are called regattas, which can be multiple times the two-kilometer length.

I am not quite sure what the actual length of this regatta was, but it was somewhere just beyond six kilometers. Since it is held in a cannel, it is not possible to row to the starting line during other crew’s races. This meant that the race was held in heats. Nicky’s heat started at 10 a.m.. She had to cover the distance to the starting line before 10 a.m, in other words she had to get into the beat no later than 9:20 a.m..

Back to Nicky and the weigh in point. I remember that we arrived there 1 hour before she had to get into the boat (it had annoyed me at the time because I felt we could have slept at least halve an hour more). Nicky was really desperate at this point (well, she kind of had since she woke up, but it had gotten worse obviously). The weigh in was delayed bit, something that was certainly not unique, and Nicky shifting in her place. She had a really determined look on her face though. In her head, it was all about winning, and when she got to the head of the line she actually asked me to fill her bottle again. I was just in time to hand her the filled bottle before it was her turn and Nicky drank a part of it (probably somewhere around 500 ml). Her weight turned out to be around 51.5 kg, quite a bit more then the needed 50 kg (this btw was certainly not only liquid but also warm, and watertight clothing since the race was during the winter, instead of the summer).

After the weigh in Nicky rushed to the toilet, like she always did and peed her bladder empty and threw up the contents of her tummy. Afterward we talked a bit, and then she started to prepare with her crew. She got into the boat nice on time and the rest of the story is not first hand, but is what she told me afterward… very reluctantly.

So what did Nikcy tell me? At the point that she got into the boat, she already felt a small-renewed urge to pee. She was used to this though (she always drank a LOT before a contest) and did not really think about it too much. What she did not realize though is that the whole thing should take at least 40 minutes to get to the starting line, and then, in the best scenario, about 25 to 30 minutes to get back.

After around 10 to 15 minutes of doing some exercises and slow rowing, Nicky finally reached the 5 km mark (indicating 5 more km to the starting line) at which point she stated that she actually was felling really full. The whole drinking routine had backfired. Instead of having a full bladder and a full tummy that she could empty in the toilet, she had mainly filled her body with fluids that where now rapidly entering her bladder. Nicky told my that at the 4 km mark she was already firmly holding herself with one hand through her layers of warm and watertight clothing (in a 4 mans rowing crew, the cox usually is in front of the boat with her body under the front deck of the boat.

This means that nobody can see where your hands are or what they are doing ;)). She was desperately thinking on how she could fix this, but saw no solution beyond simply holding it all in... At the 3 km mark Nicky had moved both hands into her layers of clothing. Instead of steering the boat and occasionally holding herself she was now pushed direly into her bear crotch and only occasionally redirecting the boat with a quick move.

I can only image how she must have situated herself there, two hands jammed between her legs, the boat accelerating and slowing down every 2 seconds with a huge, pulsating, overfilled bladder that got even fuller by the minute.

Nicky tolled me that holding her pussy with two hands did help. It relived the pressure somewhat, and the slight touch on her clit turned her on just enough to redirect her mind from her bladder and to different world. It only did so for a short time though… After a few minutes heavy stings in her bladder started to remind her that her bladder was beyond full. Between the 3 km and 1 km mark Nicky told me that she kept increasing the amount of attention to her clit, which had the same effect every time: Rubbing herself a bit more took the direct extreme urgency away, but only to come back stronger in few moments of time. Nicky told me that somewhere around 1 km form the starting line a spurt of pee escape form her. Something that I have seen to happen her only two or three times, and then always close to a toilet. This time was completely different.

This is how Nicky finally reached the starting line. Probably very annoyed with everything, probably very angry with her crewmembers, steering not in a straight line, but more like zigzagging in crude strides through the channel with a absolute bursting bladder she was only able to keep form bursting by jamming both her hands, under layers of clothing into her bear crotch in combination with putting pressure on her clit to make, or rather force her mind to forget the situation her body was in.

Who cares to predict what she did next?

*020*2017-07-14 22:51

{{:

On 7/11/2017 at 11:19 PM, ola93 said:

Based on my own experience, I'm gonna go with stopping the boat on the side of the water, stumbling out over a too big gap, rushing off a few metres behind at least most of any audience for the start and then shamelessly struggling to get all the clothes down and squat.

}}

She did not... :P

Yes, well, Nicky did not... I guess she was shy and (probably also) embarrassed about the whole thing. Getting close to the starting line the water became more crowded with order boats in her heat, and Nicky started to realize that it might very well take half an hour or more before her boat would even start the race.

She told me that she really tried to hang on and holding it in, but that it was all simply much too much. Somewhere close to the starting line a strong and long bladder spasm forced her pee hole open and she to starting peeing full force, right there in that spot. Nicky was beyond being able to stop it and emptied her bladder in the boat.

Feeling much relieved, and, as she really did point out, feeling quite nice a warm for a bit, she arrive at the rowing crews lining up for their position in the heat. The story so far was amazing to me, but it goes on. I guess that there was much more water in her system than her bladder could take. She told me that after feeling very relieved and happy for some time Nicky felt that her bladder was rapidly filling again. And still waiting for the start of the race she was again reaching her limit (I guess that her bladder by now was also quite tired). Anyway even before the start of her race Nicky was again holding franticly and realized that she was about to lose it again. And so she did. A strong bladder spasm again shot a jet of pee into her boat and again she emptied her bursting bladder.

I am not quite sure how long it took Nicky to get through the race and back to the boathouse but it might very well have taken an other hour form that point onward. I also do not remember how many times she peed herself after that point, but I am sure it was more than once. Her body kept directing water to her bladder and I think that at some point she stopped caring…

Anyhow, Nicky peed in her boat at least four, but possible even five or six times before reaching the boathouse. Luckily, it is not unusual to splash water into a boat during a race (and the pee was probably very water like anyway). She told me that the guys did not seem to notice when they took the boat out of the water, but Nicky made sure to be out of the way… She was really disgusted by the whole affaire and felt every sorry for het crew. On the other hand (after holding the story back for a few days), she did seem very pleased by how much I love the whole thing and carefully repeated every detail over and over again whenever I asked about it.

*021*2017-07-14 22:59

{{:

On 7/12/2017 at 0:50 AM, Low-Key Friar said:

Hm, I doubt it. At least she made herself climax. But after that? Total disaster in her pants!

}}

You are half right :)

*023*2017-07-18 16:18

{{:

On 7/16/2017 at 8:44 AM, ledbybison said:

Please do share any other experiences you witnessed or stories she passed on

}}

To me, this is certainly the most interesting situation Nicky got herself into. I have a coppel of other ex's or female friends who did some awesome stuff. I will share some!

Thank you for your appreciation!

