Genuine accident

Author: Kittykatpeeing

*000*2015-03-30 04:53

Today I had the whole day to myself, I didn't really plan a wetting. I just wanted to enjoy the day! I sat down on my computer and started catching up on Gravity Falls because I was behind. I spent maybe 6 hours just laying about and drinking soda while watching this show. I didn't even think about getting up to use the rest room. I didn't even know I was really in need till I felt a drop hit my panties. I wasn't really paying attention remind you. So all I did was sit up and hold my crotch and cross my legs. I didn't want to get up, not now anyway. I was on the last ep and it was only 30 minutes, I could do this. Well maybe two minutes pass before I feel a spurt and I gasp at it. If I didn't get up soon I was going to wet myself. I didn't want to at the moment because I wasn't really in the mood.

Though as I reach the final ten minutes of the show I feel a leak and it took me five seconds to stop it, I already had a tiny puddle forming under me. God I was so close to finishing it, but I didn't want to stop and use the restroom. Well I made it to the end of the ep, but I couldn't get up from the floor.I was shaking and sweating. I have a very small bladder so holding this long made me unable to movie. I felt my eyes tear up as I tried to stop a tiny leak that formed. Though it wouldn't and then all hell broke lose! I felt pee just pour out of me and dampen my panites and even the bottom of my shirt. I cried the whole time and bucked my hips at the sensation. When I was done I looked at my mess and blushed. I really needed someone to clean me up, sadly I did it myself. I spent the rest of the evening with constant trips to the restroom.

