Rapid desperation fun

Author: kochel428

*000*2016-01-13 19:09

So I've been in a randy mood since I went on vacation with my girlfriend to a tropical paradise with lots of opportunities for wet fun. I want to do a full write up about it when I have time to do it justice, but suffice it to say that being in bathing suits and near water basically all the time means never having to use the bathroom. Also, customs lines are long.

But instead of that I'm going to talk about what I did yesterday. I had some time to myself, so I decided to do my first really big hold in a while. I've done plenty of holding recently, but rarely to the point where I'm actually losing control against my will.

Using the rapid desperation method, I did two hours of prep. To start, I had a rehearsal in the morning about an hour from my apartment. After the rehearsal, I stopped by a coffee shop and got a coffee and a sandwich, and then right before getting on the train I finished what was left in my water bottle, about 12-16 ounces.

Now, with the rapid desperation method you're supposed to pee as soon as you get the urge, and I spent most of the first hour of prep on the train. That meant I had to wet myself on the train. Fortunately, since it was the beginning of the process, I didn't get any big urges and was able to do a slow leak most of the way home. Still, by the time I walked in the door of my apartment I was quite wet around my crotch and butt, having done most of the wetting sitting down. I went to the toilet and pulled down my jeans, leaving my underwear up, and finished emptying my bladder.

Next I started the hour of drinking every 15 minutes. I get freezing cold when I do this unless I drink warm liquids, so I went with warm water and honey (I've had a bit of a sore throat the last few days). Every time I needed to pee I did it through my underwear, so by the time the hour was up my jeans had a dinner plate-sized stain around my crotch that felt pretty nice. I was processing water so efficiently that I had a hard time even leaving the bathroom, since I had to pee again by the time I pulled my pants up. For the last fifteen minutes, I had to dash out to the kitchen to put together my mug and go back to the bathroom, drinking my water while wetting my underwear at the same time. I've been doing this for a long time, but I can't think of another time when I've been drinking a warm drink while simultaneously wetting – it felt like I was pouring the water straight through.

It was tough to make myself do it, but when the timer went off I stopped peeing and returned to my seat in front of my computer. I chatted at The Pool for the next hour and a half, drinking a 12 ounce cup every fifteen minutes. I didn't chug, just sipped the whole time and made sure I was done by the time the timer went off. I was desperate to the point that in ordinary circumstances I would have been looking for a bathroom immediately before the first 15 minutes was up. By half an hour in I was jiggling constantly, and after that I hit a plateau where I was just very desperate for nearly an hour. For the last fifteen minutes, I started to feel waves of pressure, where I had to clamp down in order to avoid wetting. By the end, the waves were lasting for a minute or more, then letting up for no more than 10 seconds before starting again. I was at a 9 out of 10 on the desperation scale.

Now I could have just sat that and waited for the end, but I'm into public wetting so I put on my long coat and took a walk in the park down the street. Waiting at the light to cross over into the park, trying to look as calm and collected as possible even though every part of my body was screaming for release, I felt my muscles give way for just an instant, relaxing despite the fact that I was actively clamping them shut, and a very small spurt warmed my pants. It was probably no more than half a teaspoon of liquid, but it was completely against my will – there was nothing I could do about it. I knew that would be more where that came from.

I starting walking slowly around the track that loops the park. Since it was dark, most people in the park were walking diagonally across it, which meant I had the track mostly to myself. It is lined with trees, and while from inside the park it appears fairly well lit, from the sidewalk it actually looks quite dark and hard to see details.

At the far corner of the park I stopped and forced myself to stand still. I clamped shut but did not allow myself to squirm or cross my legs. Instead I pulled out my phone and pretended to check my email or something. Standing there, I felt my muscles give way again, with a series of spurts that I had no control over.

Before things got too bad I started walking again, and continued to pause twice per loop, and at each stop I got wetter. After a few loops, I started to occasionally leak while I was walking. I tried and tried to hold my pee, but there was nothing I could do. If I were in front of dozens of people I would still be wetting myself no matter how much I wanted to stop it.

Eventually the spurts fell into a kind of rhythm, one little spurt every step I took, and then a bigger spurt every ten or so steps. Standing still stopped the small spurts, but made the larger spurts happen more quickly. I was soaked almost down to my knees, and peeing more often than I wasn't peeing. It wasn't a full on flood, but I had lost control almost completely. 10!

With the stain threatening to spread below the protection of my coat, I hurried to find a park bench in shadow. I found a suitable bench, stiffly walking over to it, pulling my coat aside, and let out a huge torrent of piss. It splashed onto the dirt below the bench and made a wet spot over two feet wide and slowly trickling out to the track in front of me. My lap had a puddle in it that slowly drained through the bench to the ground below.

As I was sitting there wetting, a woman jogged by on the track and passed no more than five feet away from me. I'm pretty sure she didn't notice, which is kind of thrilling to me. A few minutes later a man passed walking a dog, again not seeming to notice a thing.

I kept peeing for several minutes. Every time I thought I was empty, I'd feel another wave come, and let it push out into my pants. My pants were super slippery inside, and I rocked my hips gently, feeling my cock tingle with pleasure.

Eventually I just had to stop – it seemed like I'd be able to go on forever if I waited until I was empty. So I stood up quickly and fled the scene. What was left of the puddle in my lap drizzled down the inside of my legs and reached down to my knees, just peeking out from under my coat. I walked quickly, and within a few seconds I felt the spurts start again, continuing all the way up the stairs of my building, and into my apartment. I went straight to the bathroom and sat on the toilet without pulling down my pants, continuing to empty my bladder through my jeans.

At this point I could have ended things, but I decided to go for a second hold to see how long it would last. With difficulty I clamped myself shut and returned to my seat at the computer with another cup of water. I set the timer and got to it.

The feeling I had at this point was a little strange. The desperation was no longer so urgent, and yet I felt that I might start wetting at any time. My bladder was absolutely full, and every once in a while I'd have a random spasm in which a small amount of pee would escape. Not in a rushed way like it did before, but my sphincter muscles would relax, and I would sit there trying to close up again with all my will, feeling the pee slowly and inexorably build up before exiting my body. It was pretty weird.

Eventually I started to feel pain in my lower back, which might have just been from my abs being clenched for hours on end, or it might have been my kidneys, so I decided to end it. I immediately released my bladder, and felt a wave start to swell out of me, again lacking the urgency of before, more like a slow, steady push that re-soaked my pants as I rushed into the shower before I made too much of a puddle.

I sat down in the shower still wetting, and began rocking my pelvis back and forth, letting my cock slip around inside my very slippery underwear. I eventually stopped peeing but always felt just on the verge of wetting again. Every time I felt close to coming, I would just give a push and rewet my pants, ensuring there was always a puddle around my cock and balls. After what felt like ages I finally had an inexorable orgasm, releasing so much semen that I could see it glistening on the front of my jeans and running down my crotch.

I sat there for a moment catching my breath, then relaxed and let my bladder continue to empty. The last hour or two had felt like one long pee, and I kind of didn't want to it end. I turned on the shower and pulled down my pants far enough to slip the showerhead in (it's one of those "massage" showerheads that are removable from the wall). With the gentle rain on my balls, I rubbed out another orgasm, stood up and wet myself again, and finally stripped off my thoroughly soaked pants. There was one small strip of dry fabric, maybe and inch thick, running down the side of my right pant leg from my hip to my knee. Every other part of my jeans were wet-through, from waist to cuffs.

As I showered off I reached an overwhelming level of desperation again and had to pee in the shower. For the rest of the night I found myself getting to a pretty desperate state within a half an hour or so, finally settling down about an hour before bed time. I was a little nervous to take NyQuil for my cold, afraid I might not wake up and wet the bed, but I slept through the night without incident.

My bladder has been quite tired all day, and in the time it's taken me to write this I've gotten to the point of having to pee quite badly. I'm thinking I might not make it to the toilet in time... again...

*003*2016-01-18 16:29

{{ 

Omg!! This has made me so horny!!

I'm trying a rapid desperation today, my online gf and I want to try and get me to a 10, never got that far before and am nervous and excited. Wish me luck!!

}}

How'd it go, Puddycat?

