The strangest thing

Author: LadyChaos

*000*2014-05-12 11:00

Happened yesterday morning. I just can't wrap my head around it.

I'd stayed at my sister's overnight, having drank the previous evening. I woke up and realised my car had been parked on the street, unattended, since the previous afternoon. I'd only planned to be there a couple hours but got drinking and forgot all about my car. Upon recalling, I sprang off the couch in my bra and underpants, ran to the front door, stepped into my slip-ons, put on my coat and zipped it up to give the illusion I was dressed, grabbed my bag and bolted out the door towards my car.

The car was fine. Phew. I jumped in it and drove it to the secure parking lot closest to my sister's place. Sitting down in the car though, I had realised how full my bladder was. That's probably why I had woken up so early. I hadn't been paying attention to any of my body's needs though, having been occupied entirely with concern for my car and my stuff in it. Now that it was secure and I was no longer fussed about it my attention turned to my own needs.

I began running, underneath the elevated rail tracks, towards my sister's place. I didn't make it though. With cars whirring by on the street, early morning dog-walkers and joggers all around, I had an accident on the sidewalk. It was horribly embarrassing. I admit, losing control and the humiliation of it was incredibly arousing but I didn't experience the intense physical relief I usually do when I wet myself. Moreover, particularly considering it was my first pee of the morning after a night of drinking, it was not as much pee as one would expect. Regardless, I desperately needed to get back to the place. Someone coming up behind me had stopped and was staring, mouth agape. I was completely embarrassed at their reaction. Furthermore, I needed some relief. That loss of control and the belittling effect of it always flicks a switch in my head that won't go back off until until I cum. I picked up my pissy shoes and began running, leaving wet footprints on the concrete.

What was so strange happened while I was in the elevator, riding up to my sister's floor. I was trying to play it cool, standing there barefoot, holding a wet pair of shoes, but anxious to get some privacy and take care of myself. As the elevator began moving upward though I gasped, my eyes wide. I'd begun peeing again. In the elevator. With other people. Trapped. I desperately tried to stop. I didn't dare move though because I was terrified I'd draw attention to myself. Then they'd notice for sure. If I could just will myself to stop.... I couldn't. Maybe just slow the flow down... but it was no use. I'd lost control again. I was finally experiencing the intense relief I'd missed when I wet myself on the sidewalk. I hadn't emptied fully. That's why the puddle hadn't been bigger. That's why I hadn't been entirely physically relieved.

But I was indoors, stuck in an elevator with a captive audience, wetting on the tile floor. I was finally getting the relief I'd been missing but couldn't remove myself from the embarrassment until the elevator doors opened. It was freeing on the one hand and, on the other, I was captive and horrified. I didn't say a word. I didn't dare look at the faces of the others on the elevator. I just squeezed my eyes shut, bit my lip and stood motionless, desperately trying not to make any sighs of relief, still hoping perhaps the growing puddle at my feet, the streams running down the insides of my calves and droplets from the crotch of my panties, splashing as they hit the wet floor, were going unnoticed. I ran out of the elevator and into my sister's suite without looking back at anyone in the elevator soon as the doors slid open.

I tossed my shoes, threw my jacket onto the floor, pulled a clean bed sheet out of my sister's linen closet and ran into the bathroom with it. I left it on the counter, jumped in the tub, turned on the shower, pulled off my pissy underwear and rinsed off my legs and feet. I couldn't get myself off yet though. I desperately wanted to, needed to and without my man the responsibility was all mine but there had been a camera in that elevator. My accident was documented. My identity would be obvious. I didn't want to get myself or my sister in trouble so I patted myself dry with a towel hanging next to the tub, wrapped the bed sheet around my body like a toga and left the apartment with the towel I'd dried myself with. I called the elevator and, when it arrived, got on my hands and knees and mopped up the mess I'd made.

Only after taking responsibility for my actions could I indulge and I did, laying in the bathtub, being sure to stay quiet a church mouse. It was still early.

*007*2014-05-23 10:11

Nothing to apologise for!

