A Desperate Guy for My Birthday

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-12-20 15:52

For my birthday this year, my friend "Dex" gave me a wonderful gift. A desperate guy to do with what I wish. For a little background info, Dex and I are just friends, but we both happen to really like pee, so sometimes, when we hang out, we get into some public desperation and wetting (even though Dex is still a little shy about letting go, hehe).

When I picked Dex up that night, he already really had to pee. He was squirming in my car, and I was actually wondering if he was going to wet himself right then. I was really hoping that wouldn't be the case, as my new car had not been peed in, and I wanted to keep it that way. I had to get kitty litter and laundry detergent, so I drove us to store to get that. I'm very brand-stuck, so I knew just what I wanted, but I pretended to ponder other choices just to make Dex wait longer. He was pee dancing, and struggling to keep his hands off his crotch. I smiled and told him to be still, but he blushed and said he couldn't, or he'd start to pee. I asked him if he wanted to carry my purchases, but he didn't, of course. I knew I had to get him someplace where he'd feel safe peeing his pants, or he might lose it in my car. 

I also wanted to join him in being wet, it's always such a thrill to be all pissy-pantsed in public! I'd bought a large soda at Arby's, and drank it as fast as I could while following Dex's directions he managed to give while bouncing on the seat. By the time we got to the park, I had to pee, too. There were still folks out, walking around and dribbling a basketball. Dex was nervous about wetting his pants, so he just couldn't let go, but yours truly had no such problems. I started soaking my jeans sitting on a picnic table, then stood up to pee down my legs. I tried to make the pee go mostly down the front on my pants to save my car seat, but my ass still got soaked. I told Dex how good it felt and told him to let go, too.

He was finally able to, but for some reason, his pants didn't get very wet, even though I could hear it pouring out of his cock and see it pooling at his feet. I found out he was wearing hose underneath his jeans, which kept most of the pee running down his legs and not soaking his jeans...clever boy. I laughed, because I was soaked from the crotch and ass down, and here was Dex, worried about being seen wet...silly boy. But, he made my birthday quite memorable. Thanks a million, my friend!

P.S. ~ If any of my female friends want to talk to Dex, he's single!

