How I started to enjoy wetting myself

Author: vikka

*000*2012-08-22 01:08

When I was ten years old, I was staying with my parents at a hotel in Southern France, at the Mediterranium. As I was a very good swimmer, my parents left me at the beach every day, when they were out doing other things. One day I was lying on the sand, when I felt something shadow my eyes. I looked up and saw a girl, maybe a couple of years older than I, standing at my side.

"Do you mind if I join you. I just arrived today and I don't know anyone here. I'm Camille..."

"Yes, I'm alone too, I'm Vikka, short for Victoria."

She lied down beside me. We started talking, she was very fun to talk with. She was twelve years old and was staying with her parents at an other hotel. But then she got silent. I looked at her. She looked as she was in pain, and she had one hand between her thighs.

"Shit, I got to pee! I'm totally desperate! Come, let's go down to the sea; no one would notice if I pee in the water!"

I looked surprised at her. Did she mean that she would pee in her swimming suit in the water? Would she be so bold? I'd never done anything of the sort and the thought made me thrilled. We started walking. It was nearly a hundred metres down to the water and Camille walked in a funny way with her thighs pressed together. A couple of times she slowed down and put a hand in between her thighs and rubbed. Nearly down to the sea she stopped.

"Oh, Vikka, I can't hold it anymore! It's coming... I'm going to wet myself!"

She quickly separated her legs, and immediatly her pee flooded through her panties! It went on for almost thirty seconds.

"Oooh!!! That felt nice", she panted.

I started to continue to the sea, as I thought she wished to rinse her panties. But she stopped me.

"No, wait! It's not fair, that I'm the only one of us to pee myself like a baby! Now it's your turn!"

"No way! I'll never do that", I yelled!

" Why not? We can rinse our panties in the sea afterwards, and no one would know. I promise, it feels so nice to wet yourself. This wasn't my first time, you know! Don't you need to pee?"

"Maybe... a little... But it's only babies, who pee themselves, not girls of our age!"

"Bullshit! I just did it, didn't I?"

"But that was an accident!"

"If I tell you it wasn't... I really had to pee, that's for certain, but I could easily have waited until I was in the water."

I looked at her. I couldn't believe what I heard! A twelve year old girl, who used to pee herself for fun? It wasn't normal... But then again, she looked so content, when she wetted herself. She really seemed to enjoy it. And a voice inside me said, that it couldn't hurt to try. Just this once...

"Ok", I said, "I'll try! But I don't know if I can pee in my panties. Especially when you're looking..."

"Take your time! It'll come, I promise. Just relax!"

There was no one in the neighbourhood. Hesitatingly I parted my legs. And to my big surprise I began to pee at once! Oh, shit! I was ten years old and peeing in my panties! It was so warm and wet, when it first gathered around my crotch and then forced the fabric and streamed down to the sand between my feet. And Camille was right, it felt so nice! Some of my pee ran down my legs and that felt also nice! I for sure needed to pee, I went on as long as Camille did before.

Then we noticed some people coming in our direction, and giggling all the way, we ran hand in hand down to the sea and dived in the water!

That was my first time. The days, that followed, we spent at the beach, drinking lots of water until we couldn't hold ourselves any longer and peed ourselves. We did it lying down in the sand, standing up and even walking! This was how it began, and I've never stopped since...

Vikka

*009*2012-08-23 20:18

{{ 

Do you and this friend still talk at all?

}}

No, I haven't met her since that week.... Sometimes I think of her and wonder if she still likes to wet herself ^_^ I hope so!

*013*2012-08-31 13:17

{{ 

Do you remember what color your swimsuit was? Or hers?

}}

Hi! :)

As I recall it, I had three swimsuits with me. The one, which I wore, when I wetted myself for the first time, was yellow with cute little blue dolphins! Camille wore a blue swimsuit with white dots. :p

*019*2012-10-23 22:30

In the beginning of next year I'll go to France to visit my relatives. And I've decided that I'll try to find Camille! It feels so exciting! I hope I'll find her and that she still loves to wet herself! And now - since I decided to try to find her - I think of her every time I wet my panties; and she's in my mind when I masturbate! I wonder how she looks like now? When I imagine her she looks as the twelve year old girl I met that summer in Southern France!

