An Ill-Fated Nap

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-07-24 15:15

As of today I am exactly eight months pregnant! As such I'm tired a lot, don't have very much mobility, and have a five pound kicking creature living directly on top of my bladder. I've got other complaints. :p But these gripes are important to this little story.

Earlier today I was feeling tired, particularly so, and decided to lie down and see if I could find a position comfortable enough to get some sleep. So I got into bed, fussed around with a bunch of pillows, tossed and turned until the baby wasn't moving about and I was lying in a halfway decent position. And then I decided that I felt like I needed a wee.

This is a particularly common feeling for me right now. Normally I've been making a point of going straight to the toilet to empty out the thimbleful of wee actually in me as soon as I feel like I have to go. But today I was actually feeling like sleep was going to be an option, and since I was probably just imagining needing a wee anyway, I went to sleep.

I woke up a while later completely desperate. About to pee uncontrollably in the next thirty seconds desperate.

I've mentioned I don't move fast at the moment right? By the time I could have rolled and heaved and waddled myself out of bed and to the bathroom I was definitely going to have peed in my pants and probably on the carpet. I wasn't worried about the mattress, waterproof protector, so instead of trying to get up I just pulled all my pillows away from me and across the bed or onto the floor. And waited to inevitably wet the bed. And waited. And waited.

After a minute or so, feeling like a idiot, I decided I'd misjudged my bladder signals and I wasn't going to wet myself after all. Pregnancy!!! So I rolled onto my side and pushed myself up so that I was sitting cross legged/Indian style on the bed. And then I wet myself.

As I sat there, peeing full force into my pink flannelette pajama bottoms, it occurred to me that I hadn't wet myself sitting in that particular position for twenty years.

Hopefully I've learned my lesson this time. When heavily pregnant don't ignore it when you need a wee!

*002*2015-07-26 08:08

Oh I can't freaking wait to have my body back! I'll miss my bump but I'm not going to miss much else about pregnancy. And yeah, thank goodness for waterproof mattress protectors. Absolute lifesavers. I'm lying in bed a lot these days. Sometimes sleeping... Pregnancy!!!

