Re-wetting?

Author: ithappens

*000*2013-01-11 06:35

Just curious, how many of us are into re-wetting the same clothes?

Personally, this is something that I find I am beginning to enjoy. When I get the opportunity to 'play' a little, this often comes to mind. I enjoy seeing the results of the previous wetting. I have been experimenting for the last week or so with a pair of white boxers, and when dry, the look is very interesting.

Not sure if I can say it is any 'one thing' that makes this aspect fun, but I'd be interested in hearing other's thoughts on this.

I guess I must be wierd

Enjoy nontheless!

*010*2013-01-19 21:35

Thanks for all the feedback and sharing of experiences. Nice to hear from others who have done the same or variations of it. I have not actually 'worn' the used underwear out in public (nor would I), and short of wetting, only wear the stained underwear briefly. I have wet clothes before and left them on to dry many times as Gemmy has mentioned, but the cooling effect takes away from the experience for me personally. Its great at the start, but unless I can keep wetting, its tough.

I also found that the smell could get quite strong, but this was intentional for effect as they were mostly 'morning pee's' and not very dilute. The goal was to see how yellow they get, and for no other rational reason. hmmmm? I had to stop though as the smell was noticeable within an ever increasing area. IF I would have kept going, my wife would have eventually found them and that would be tough to explain. At the point I stopped, the fun and arousal had peaked and it started going the other way. IT took 15 wettings to get to that point though.

A couple things I will keep in mind are...1) re-wetting the same jeans over a period of days, and 2) keep it dilute so that the odour is faint and only really discernable by me, and maybe, if the opportunity affords me, wear them out.

Thanks again. Here are the pics of the final couple of wettings!

