Camp wetting

Author: Clodfish

*000*2014-11-23 12:57

As a teen i went on many camps and had many experiences (of both kinds). This was at a camp when i was around 14 (this has become my staple age as i cannot remember!). We were to play a game in pairs were we had to get to point a to point b with a map and compass through a bush with no tracks.

On to the story...

Its was after lunch and we all had five minutes to get our things strait before the next activity. The groups leaders gave us all a random number at lunch and the person with the same number as me was Hayley, this meant we were pairs. We were really good friends and i secretly had a crush on her. The first thing we had to do was get the map and compass out of the box. As she did that i took the chance to check her out. She was a short petite girl with curly brown hair that went she put in a ponytail, she had a nice bum that was fitted very well inside the denim short shorts she was wearing. She was also wore a loose red t-shirt with the camp logo on it.

After we got items we ran into the forest, this was a race after all. However, we immediately got lost. "Shit" Hayley said under her breath as she past me the map. We were in a densely packed forest with no land marks and no end in sight. We decide to just keep walking in a direction and hope to get lucky. After and hour of walking i notice that shes bobbing up with her legs closer together than normal. She starts really slowing down until shes ten metres behind me, "this is a race ya know?" I ask her not realising what she was going through yet. "Yeah yeah" she said with a small amount of embarrassment in her voice.

Later shes starts really bopping so much that her boobs do a small flop up and down with each step. Suddenly she stops. When i turn her legs are crossed tightly and she has one hand in her crotch. Her face go's very red for a second but then she gives out a sigh of relief and keeps on walking, she looks down at her pants as if to check if theres a mark or something. "Should i ask?" "no", we keep on walking.

About 250 metres later we see the tree line. Our faces brighten up and when we get their we manage to orientate ourselves. Only to find we are one sixth of the way their. Hayley gives an uncharacteristic groan to this "what did you expect?" I asked "its not that its just- we both stop. Five other groups started emerging from the forest, we all glance at each other and bolt. 

"Come on!" I shout Hayley gives another groan to this and we start running. We slowly grind to halt, "umm Edward" she says quietly "i really need to pee". This was no surprise to me from the previous event, "how bad" i ask trying to not to sound aroused. "Can you be very mature and not tell anyone this" shes says in a sweet voice. "Suuuree" i say, confused. I've already gone a little and if i keep running its going to let more out" her face turn bright red "so can i borrow a that packet of tissues of yours, you know as defence". 

I give her the tissues "i don't how those will help.." I enquire. "Just stand behind me and don't look okay" she says passive aggressively. I do this but when shes looking away i turn my head just enough to her with pant's bottom line at her knees. This exposed much her white panties with pink frills, at the very bottom i could see the end of the patch of pee. She hadn't gone that much and there were no marks on her shorts however, i could tell she was finding harder without the pressure of the shorts holding her it for her. 

As she fluffed about with her hands in the front i could see that she was inserting the tissues into her panties as the back of them slowly amassed a bulge. "Done!" She said happily pulling up her pants, i looked away. "You good?" i ask "yep, this should work for a while" she said cheerfully however, there was a worried look on her face.

We stop to take a break, we are still in the fields and we had ran another good one sixth. We sit and i offer her the drink bottle. "I really" shouldn't she replies "but i'm really thirsty" she takes but does very sparing sips. While shes doing that i ask "how are you?, ya know on that thing" "badly, i don't think i will make it!" He says grimly in between a sip. "Why don't you just squat?" I ask. Shes looks at me funny and says "in these shorts i would have to take them off completely and we are in an open field! But i have considered it". We decide to walk from here because we are exhausted and after a bit of that she stops again. "Look away again!" She says, i do and i a few seconds later i hear her dropping something on the floor. When i turn around she blushes as i see pee soaked tissues on the ground. I don't question it for her sake and we keep walking.

"We are walking to slowly" i say, she doesn't respond but shes has both hands directly in her crotch and leaning forward enough so the small mark on her shorts is visible. She stops and put her hands inside her shorts bends down on her tippy toes. Theres tears in her eyes and she says "i can't move anymore, i just can't, oh god there are people around". She was right other group had appeared around us and were looking at why we had stopped. "Umm don't cry" i stammer i noticed the forest was up ahead "i'll carry you! Just hold on till we reach the bush". She nods with a surprisingly little amount of hesitation. 

She puts her arms round my shoulder and i put my arms under her legs to pick them up. When i do this the patch in her shorts get bigger and she whimpers. I start to run for forest. When i'm half way there the crying starts again and her hands start fumbling like crazy. The patch shoots out drenching her butt and going out in a small stream and since I'm carrying her this go's all over me! The smell was incredible a mix between BO and ammonia and herself trembling in my arms, peeing right in front of me! Was to much, i swiftly get a noticable boner.

I get to the forest and plop her down, she had managed to contain the stream from before but not for long. "Help me get them off!" she screams. I slowly pull them off as they were quite tight, i get them to her shins before she starts again. The stream comes out like a bomb everything not drench before quickly becomes drenched. I quickly get her shorts off as now there is a river running down both legs and two full and streams between them. Her hands are in her bright red face and she is sobbing, even the bottom of her T-shirt are getting wet. Her white panties are now completely transparent and her vulva is on complete show. Still peeing, she sits down in her own puddle next to a tree, crying her eyes out.

I start drying her shorts with my towel, i get them dry enough so that you wouldn't notice. However she still sitting there in a mess. I'm completely out of ideas she can't go back to camp this, i look to my map, two miles off course there is a small lake, we had been there before it seemed to be our only option.

I put her shorts in my bag. "I dried your shorts" i say to comfort her to no avail. I decide to pick her up again, her panties were still dripping with pee. Eventually she stops crying "where are we going" she asks. "Here" i say as we had reached the lake. I put her down "oh my, i'm so sorry!" She says noticing my drenched clothes. Shes then blushes and kisses me square on the lips (ps, my first kiss). She then pulls off her drenched clothes and we go on to skinny dip for way longer than what was required.

And when we got back to camp no one was the wiser.

*003*2014-11-24 09:29

{{ 

This is truly a wonderful experience, I'm so jealous of you

Btw, did you stay in touch later on? (in the U.S. where I grew up you tend to meet people from all over the map, and you can rarely get together again after camp is through)

}}

{{ 

Nice. I wish so hard that would´ve happened to me. you're so lucky .. omg

}}

Nah you should be jealous of the friend who told me this story! I just wrote it.

*005*2014-11-25 02:42

{{ 

Seriously? Well, then you're a damn good storyteller.

Was he really turned on by it when it happened ("I swiftly get a noticeable boner")? Was he comfortable talking about it with you?

And on another note, did you eventually meet Hayley in person? I'd imagine it'd be hard conversing with her with a straight face, knowing the dreaded deed...

}}

I've met Hayley but it was no big deal. Umm with noticable boner part he just told me he was "really turned on" i cant transalate that into a story so that came in. Many things were left unsaid so i had to improvise. The most akward thing about writing this is imagining your friend in it.

"Good story teller" aww thanks!

