The Dressing Room

Author: TwitchyStitch

*000*2015-06-22 16:22

This took place about 2 weeks after the grocery store incident. Lexi and I decided to go out a grab some drinks, don't wanna get into deep detail about every single drink we had, but let's just say Lexi had a LOT of drinks, while I had 2 beers. Now Lexi isn't one for drinking but she was extremely stressed because her mom passed away after a 3 year battle with lung cancer, and her job was letting people go due to financial issues (she luckily didn't get laid off) so she was pretty stressed. We went out to a bar a few blocks away from the apartment. Now, between the bar and my apartment (now our apartment), there lies a Wal-Mart. Anyway, we went out at around 7, and about an hour later at around 8, I decided to cut her off because she was wasted, while I was trying to stop her, she hit me in the arm, which didn't hurt because she gets very weak when drunk, and started crying about what shit was going on in her life. "...and you don't understand what it feels like." She concluded.

I grabbed her and hugged her and kissed her, causing an explosion of terrible taste from all she drank, and reassured her. "I know... it's ok."

She just sat there staring at me, as if trying to understand what I just said. She sniffed then said "I need to pee." I, having an interest in pants wetting, got very interested, but with what she was going through, I didn't even bother asking. I helped her to the bathroom, but the line was long. "Fuck it." She began in a drunk tone. "I'm just gonna go in my panties." Everyone instantly glanced at us. As much as I wanted to see that, I didn't want her to embarrass herself. She started to lift up her black, backless dress, but I stopped her. "No... not here." I escorted her out of the bar and we started our journey home.

When we were passing by Wal-Mart, Lexi had her hand shoved in her crotch, and was doing the pee-pee dance, crossing her legs. I can't imagine her being shameful of it saying she was drunk. "Here," I say. "Let's go in Wal-Mart." And we walked into Wal-Mart. But instead of going to the bathroom, she wandered off to the womens' clothing, grabbed a pair of very skinny jeans, a hand still in her crotch and still squirming, and exclaimed, "I'M GOING TO TRY THESE ON!" and wandered into a dressing room... I followed. I watched as she changed into the skinny jeans and look into the mirror, she pulled out her phone and started recording herself in the mirror. 30 seconds passed, she filmed herself doing the pee-pee dance in the mirror, shoving her hand into her crotch, she was lifting the dress up...

Then she started peeing the unpaid for skinny jeans... filming everything. The pee was rapidly spreading in her crotch and butt area. She peed for about 50 seconds then concluded... there was barely a dry spot left on the jeans. She was laughing hysterically. I wanted to stop her... I did, but I couldn't.. at that point I was beyond horny. She started messing with her phone, then I heard my phone beep. I pulled out my phone, and received a text from Lexi... it was the video.

She started to call someone, and my phone started ringing; it was Lexi. I answered.

"Hey, baby." She said. "Did you get my video? I'm feeling naughty."

I tapped her shoulder, and she turned around and stared at me with a blank face. "Wow! You got here fast!" She said.

"No, I was-" I was interrupted by her making out with me.

"Fuck me." She said. I did want to, but I couldn't do it. Instead I pushed her away. She started crying. "You don't love me!?!"

"I do love you." I replied reassuringly. I peeled off her jeans, and ripped off the tag. I put the jeans in a bag, and handed the cashier the tag. I payed for the jeans and took Lexi home. I put her in my bed, and she had no issues sleeping. I put the jeans in the washing machine, and hung out for a little bit longer.

The next morning, Lexi woke me up on the couch. "Babe..." She said in a nauseous tone. "What happened last night?" I showed her the video she sent me, and told her what happened afterwards. She started to go in for a hug but jolted for the bathroom... she threw up for a solid 45 minutes. She showered, brushed her teeth and laid in bed for the rest of the day.

REMINDER: I AM GETTING PERMISSION FROM LEXI TO POST THESE STORIES. I APOLOGIZE FOR MY ABSENCE, I JUST GOT ENGAGED TO HER... AND AS YOU KNOW, WE'VE BEEN VERY BUSY GETTING EVERYTHING SITUATED.

