Night Out With Natalie

Author: orcslayer

*000*2015-07-01 22:56

A little background: I've known Natalie since we were kids. I've often witnessed her desperation and even wettings. She must have a tiny bladder. A few years ago I moved out of the country to study but she stayed. A few weeks ago I was back home visiting and we decided to go out. We met in front of her house around 7pm. She looked really nice wearing light blue skinny jeans and a tank top. We walked to the bus stop and as we waited for the bus I noticed she was standing with her legs crossed. I smiled to myself. She already had to pee and we had just left the house. This was going to be a fun night.

The best thing about Natalie is she doesn't like to admit she has to use the bathroom, especially when in public. I'm pretty sure she enjoys holding ;)

Anyway, we got to the first bar around 8pm and each ordered a pint of beer. We sat for a while and talked. I ordered another pint but Natalie didn't want another. After a while I noticed her shifting in her seat and crossing and uncrossing her legs. She kept sneaking glances towards the bathrooms when she thought I wasn't looking. I asked her if she wanted to leave for the club, she agreed and we left.

As we walked she kept leaning forward and sticking her ass out. Once she slowed down, almost stopping and crossed her legs, bouncing up and down a few times before continuing. We got to the club early and had to wait outside in line for about 10 minutes until the doors opened. Waiting in line she could not stand still and kept moving from foot to foot. With each wave of desperation she kept making these flinching noises by sucking air in through her gritted teeth. I gave her a questioning look but she just kind of blushed and looked down. "I really hope we get in soon."

When we got in we found a table in a dark corner and ordered cocktails. She was now rocking back and forth on her seat non-stop. Her leg was bouncing up and down lightning fast and sometimes it bumped into the table. Then she would stop and press her hands to her lap, rubbing her palms up and down her thighs and then resume the leg bouncing. I wondered why she didn't just go to the bathroom. We finished our cocktails and I ordered another beer but Natalie again said she didn't want anything else. Gradually people started filling the dance floor. Natalie had been quiet the last few minutes with an uncomfortable look on her face so I asked her if she wanted to dance.

Between songs and between dance moves she kept crossing her legs and leaning forward sticking her ass out. At one point she finally snuck her hand into her crotch and squeezed for several seconds. Again she glanced toward the bathrooms, in front of which a line was forming. Suddenly she pulled my neck down and yelled in my ear if we could go outside to cool off since she was getting really hot. I said sure and she literally pulled me to the exit and into an adjacent dark alley.

At this point she was full on pee dancing, one hand jammed in her crotch while she fanned herself with the other. "It's so hot in there." I asked her if she wanted to leave and she looked really distressed, biting her lip and making that noise. I thought she would finally admit her need, but apparently not. I'd have to try a different way. "I really have to pee," I said, crossing my legs slightly. It was true I did have to pee but wasn't desperate yet. "Omg me too!" I grinned. FINALLY she had amitted it. Which meant it was really bad. Looking at her twist and jump back and forth, I recognized the late stages of her desperation and didn't think she'd last more than a few minutes longer.

"I've had to go since we left," she said and I nodded. She had both hands between her legs now. "Well let's go back inside to the bathroom," I said and we went in. The line to the women's room was at least 10 people and Natalie squealed in despair. "What should we do, I don't think I can wait that long!!" She looked around frantically, bouncing up and down, marching in little circles. I noticed her whole body was shaking. "It's dark outside, we can go in the park," I suggested and she agreed, darting out of the club ahead of me, I had to run to catch up with her. The park was not even a 3 minute walk away but apparently too long for Natalie. We had almost reached a line of bushes when all of a sudden she stopped, her legs crossed tightly, and I heard a trickling sound (maybe just my imgination). 

Then Natalie was saying "no no no it's coming out I can't hold it oh no," dropped her bag and made a run for the bushes, pee streaking down her thighs as I ran along side her. I guess she didn't care I was there anymore and yanked her pants down, all the while pee still rushing through her panties. When her pants were finally far enough down she squatted, practically sitting on the ground and the rest spurted out forcefully hitting the ground, splashing against her legs. I didn't want her to feel awkward or embarrassed so put on a little pee dance trying to get down my zipper and pissed in the bush right next to her.

Needless to say, this one night made my whole trip back home worthwhile.

