TEXT TEASING

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2013-10-11 23:02

A normal working day, it was around 5.00pm, I was busy at work as the evening approached. Suddenly my phone beeped as a text came in. It was from Susan.

TEXT: Just got in from work, hope you are not going to be too long, love S.

I replied: Just finishing up, should be leaving soon, love G.

10 minutes later, incoming text.

TEXT: Having a nice cup of tea, can’t wait to see you tonight, love S.

I worked on for a while, when I was nearly finished another text.

TEXT: Are you going to be much longer?

I replied: Another few minutes and I will be finished up here and on the way home.

Immediate reply from Susan.

TEXT: Just wanted you to know that I am needing a wee, but I want to hold on until you get home, love S.

Guaranteed to get me turned on, and to hurry home!

15 minute later, another text came in.

TEXT: Hope you are on the way, I am starting to get a bit desperate, love S.

Reply: Just leaving the office, please try and wait until I get home, I won’t be long. Love G.

From where I work it takes around 20 minutes to get home by car, and around 10 minutes to walk to the car park.

As I walked to the car another text came in.

TEXT: I am now getting really desperate, please hurry home, I can’t wait much longer, love S.

I replied: How long have you been waiting?

TEXT: I needed a wee when I was on the way back from work, but I didn’t bother to go when I got home as I wasn’t too desperate and I wanted a cup of tea, then I decided that it wouldn’t be too long until you got home, so I texted you.

I was by now getting very turned on, so I texted back. Tell me what you are wearing, so that I could imagine her situation.

TEXT: I am wearing my white blouse and my short blue skirt that I wear for work, and my knickers and tights.

To carry on the tease I texted back: Can you tell me more, describe your knickers and tights, and tell me how desperate you are?

Immediate reply:

TEXT: My knickers are my sexy pale blue cotton briefs with lacy trimming around the legs, my tights are tan coloured and, if I don’t go to the loo very soon, I am so desperate I may not be able to hold on. I may have to go to the toilet, or soon, if I am not careful, I will be a very naughty girl and wet my knickers. I will try to wait until you get home but you must hurry.

I got into my car and texted: Just setting off, will be home in 20 minutes, love G.

When I pulled into the drive and parked the car, Susan came to the door.

As I walked up to her we embraced, and then she whispered in my ear, ‘please hurry, now I really am desperate for a wee.’

I held her close and pressed myself tight against her tummy, knowing it would increase the desire. Susan knows I love these little games, and it really turns her on too. ‘ Ooh, I can feel that you are so hard, but you’ll make me wet myself doing that’ she said.

‘You are very naughty sending me these texts when I am at work, teasing me, it is very distracting’ I said. ‘But I know you love it really’, she replied.

‘I just wanted to get you home from work, and I knew if I texted that I was wanting a wee and was desperate you would come back earlier, I was feeling horny and wanted you back here with me.’ Susan was aware of my fantasy and had on this occasion decided to indulge me.

‘Are you still dry?’ I asked her. ‘Yes’ she replied, ‘But I am really bursting and need the toilet now.’ She began jigging around and crossing her legs, squeezing her thighs together.

‘Well now I am home, and you are making me very turned on’ I replied, and I pressed tightly against her again. ‘You could have gone for a wee before I got back but didn’t, so now I think you will have to pay the price of your tease.’

‘Oh what is that, what do you want me to do, she asked?’

‘How desperate are you now, I asked?’

‘I am really bursting and need to go to the toilet for a wee right now,’ she said.

Well, I think that you are very naughty to tease me and to get so desperate, so I don’t think you should be allowed to go to the toilet just yet.’

I began to press myself hard up against her tummy again. ‘ I think that you will now have to hold on for a bit longer or, if you are unable too, you will have to wet yourself, like you did when you were a little girl.’

Susan laughed quietly and we went into the house; but by now she was jiggling about and holding herself, obviously very desperate. I was breathless with anticipation, knowing she was almost wetting her knickers

‘Well I really am nearly doing it now, I need a wee and am desperate.’

‘Go on then, I dare you to do it here and now’ I said, hoping it would happen.

‘Oh gosh, I am so desperate I really am nearly weeing, I could do it at any minute, would you like me to do it here?’ she said as we were standing in the kitchen.

She stopped jiggling around and squeezing her legs together, and stood with her legs slightly apart and I lifted up the front of her skirt, so I could see her sexy blue knickers through her tights. ‘Oh, I am really dying to go, I can’t help it, I can feel it almost coming, I can't hold it much longer’, she said.

I put my hand on her tummy and gently pressed to increase the pressure. She closed her eyes and moaned quietly. It was quiet for a moment.

Then, ‘Oh help, I really need a wee and you’re making me go, I need to go to the toilet but you won't let me, I can’t help it, I’m wetting myself’, and a damp patch slowly appeared in her knickers between her legs. The flow slowly increased, with a spreading darkening of the blue cotton knickers as they became soaked, and the wee then ran down her legs through her tights and formed a pool on the tiled floor. I love watching the colour of her knickers turn from pale blue to dark blue as the wee starts to leak through them, the wet patch growing and getting larger as the wetting increases.

I slid my hand down and gently rubbed her between the legs as she slowly let go and soaked her knickers, standing there in the kitchen.

Well, this was my fantasy come absolutely true, I could hardly believe it, standing there as Susan slowly wet her knickers in front of me. What a girl friend and what a dream come true.

Needless to say we retired to the bedroom for a night of unbridled passion.

