Wetting by the campfire

Author: maxpee

*000*2015-08-06 14:52

Last Saturday I went to a birthdayparty of a good friend of mine.

She has this huge area with grass and a swimming pond, a place to make a campfire and a primitive toilet made with wooden planks. She invited some friends over to have drinks. We were even allowed to sleep in tents nearby the campfire. The weather was warm, so I had a really great time.

Now, let's skip to the fun part. It was around 2 a.m. when me and my best friend were caught in a hilarious conversation. My bladder was quite full and we were laughing really hard. So hard I felt some pee spurting in my panties. This doesn't happen to me a lot, so I was surprised. I was convinced it didn't show, so I stayed seated and continued to hold it. Not long after that we decided to go to sleep. Everybody else had aleady gone to bed. I went to the toilet first, flashlight in my hands.

Aside from the campfire, the whole area was dark. Even the toilet had no lights. Right before I reached the toilet, I put some pressure on my bladder and while I was walking, I felt a huge spurt dampen my upper legs. I looked down with my flashlight and clearly saw a dark wet patch around my crotch. Maybe interesting to know, I was wearing a khaki pants, a white tshirt, a grey sweater and grey Vans. While I was peeing on the toilet, I heard my friend coming closer and saw she also had a flashlight. I quickly openend the door and walked outside with my hands in front of my crotch. She didn't say anything, so I guess she didn't see the wet patch.

After that, I quickly walked to my tent. While I was doing so, I already felt I had to pee again. I had been drinking beers all night long, so my bladder filled himself really fast. I closed the tent behind me, sitting on my knees. When I felt a wave of (slight) desperation coming, I didn't hesitate and just let go. The patch on my crotch grew bigger, dribbling down and forming a small puddle around my knees. I was surprised by the amount of pee I still had in me. I took some time to finally overthink my deeds. Here I was, in the middle of the night, all alone in a tent with a wet pants and a puddle of pee next to my matress.

Since I knew everybody had gone to sleep, I figured it might be a good idea to sit by the campfire again and let my pants dry a bit. So that's what I did. I threw some more wood into the campfire, took a chair and another beer and relaxed. I was there for only five minutes, when I heard a tent opening. A friend came out, saw me and came over. I quickly took my sweater off and placed it on my lap. She asked what I was still doing there. I just told her I couldn't sleep and luckily she believed me. She went to the toilet and then went back to sleep again. While I was sitting there, my bladder was filling again.

Every time I felt a wave coming, I just let go. Sometimes I stood up to pee, sometimes I stayed seated in the chair, but everytime there was a great amount of pee coming out. I guess I must have stayed there for over an hour. By that time, my pants were complety soaked. I'm not kidding when I tell you there were only 2 area's around my pockets that were still dry. The front, the back, my shoes and socks, my ass ... even my belt was wet. I couldn't help but playing with myself, I became very horny soaking myself. After a while I realised my pants would never get dry by just sitting next to the fire. I got back in my tent, cleaned myself as good as I could and eventually went to sleep. When I woke up the next day, my pants were still wet. Luckily I had spare pants with me :)

It was really exciting having a wet pants, knowing I could have been caught any minute if someone opened their tent and saw me sitting by the campfire. Definitly something to do again.

