School girl wetting

Author: KKazz

*000*2012-11-09 23:07

** please comment, sorry if a little short

*So today :) I had an interesting afternoon and it made my day

I was walking from my second period class to go for lunch when suddenly one of our Columbine school girls came running down the hall. (The halls were empty as I had stayed behind to discuss something with my teacher) She was running saying something in ?Spanish? (Columbine's first language) with her one hand shamelessly on her crotch and her head down. I stopped and starred as she kept running as tons of perverted thoughts ran through my head. I had pictures of her grey sweat pants becoming darker as she kept holding herself and .... WHAM! she bumped into me and although I was only set slightly off balance she went flying to the floor.

After I regain my balance the first thing i notice is the HISSSSing noise followed by laughter. I look back at her and she is sitting against the wall laughing legs spread and completely soaking herself. The material quickly turns a much darker grey and pools out of her making parts of her legs wet as well. I move to avoid the puddle (and to get a better view) and all she does is laugh. After she finishes she apologizes (one for bumping into me, two for peeing her pants and three for her bad English) I told her it was okay and asked if she wanted me to go get her some paper towels or something to help clean up. She says sure and heads off to the washroom. I now in search of a janitor to tell him about the mess leave but only after looking at her soaking wet ass. I give myself a touch as I am throbbing inside my pants from being insanely turned on by this poor girl and remind myself that it needs to go away.

After checking the 2nd floor i decide its best just to tell the teachers and have them call up the janitors. I head back to where the accident was for the best shock of my life. As I turn the hallways I see a soaked pink bikini bottom and the girl using her sweat pants to try and clean the floor. I was in complete disbelief and apparently made some sort of noise as she turned around and looked at me. She tries to justify her actions by telling my I was taking too long and she wanted lunch. 
Then I can tell she noticed something as her face changes and shes staring right at my crotch. I couldn't help but be stiff as a rock, this was outstanding! Without words she leans forward and takes her hand as to touch it, but then -_- ... "SO HERE'S THE MESS AND WHAT ARE YOU DOING BLAH BLAH BLAH PUT SOME PANTS ON THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE TEENAGERS wetting THEIR PANTS LIKE BLAH BLAH BLAH" the janitor going on ruining whatever was happening and she quickly picks up her drenched pants and heads to the washrooms and then naturally i left as well.

*003*2012-11-10 01:23

Sorry didn't realize it was a bad title?

*009*2012-11-10 19:56

{{ 

Hmm, it's not a bad title in my opinion, unless I'm misunderstanding something.

Nice story, by the way. Did you two meet again some time afterwards?

}}

Not yet, hoping maybe I will bump into her sometime during the week although I would have no idea what to say.

*011*2012-11-11 02:04

{{ 

I guess maybe it depends on your age and what region you're from?

But for many of us the words "Columbine School" immediately make us think of the 1999 mass shooting. and "Columbine School Wetting" immediately makes me think of some horrible half-cocked fan fiction about people wetting their pants while their classmates are being gunned down. Or even worse, someone trying to start a discussion by asking if anyone here thinks people may have wet their pants during the incident.

It would be like if someone started a thread with the title "9/11 Wetting," but it was about someone they saw wet their pants a couple of months ago that just happened to be on September 11th. But seeing that title, your mind immediately assumes the worst.

}}

Oh I am so sorry I didn't even think of that, I feel kind of bad now :( I hope no one is that sinister and I never thought about the shooting, i have learned about it but it was outside my time as I am young. I hope the new title is better and doesn't take anyone to that kind of place

