Coworker's desperation at Work

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*000*2012-09-13 08:19

Alright I work at a Children's Resturant/Arcade if you will, so naturally I see alot of desperation of kids but I wont be talking about those. What I'll share is this one on this past Tuesday with a coworker of mine. So it was a fairly slow day up until about 7pm then it started getting busy. She was due for her 30 minute break but couldnt go because of a line that suddenly formed.

She was the only cashier. Anyways I was watching her work, having nothing else to do at the time when I noticed the way she was standing. I didnt think much of it until she shifted a few times, and I was immediatly thinking it looks like she has to pee. Not 2 minutes later shes like, can I get some help up here, I really need to go to the bathroom. Naturally I was casually looking to see how she would fare as I said she was the only cashier, and the manager was busy. I have no desire to be a cashier so I wasnt any help.

So her line is getting a bit longer and she's literally dancing behind the counter, and her face is getting this frown and I'm starting to feel a bit bad. Again not much I could do but watch and pretend I'm doing something. She cannot keep her legs still and finally her line ends and as she turns, she kind of bent at the waist and squeezes her eyes tight. As she was nearly heading into the kitchen that leads to a shortcut to the bathroom a customer comes up to the counter and asks her is she was still open.

Her face went bright red and she nodded and awkwardly stood in front of her register. It was painful to watch her stand there, when it was obviously she was dying to go. When that last guy left she radioed the manager again and said that she really had to go at that moment. So she was going and could he watch the front. He agreed and she quickly walked to the bathroom, it was a slow deliberate one. The kind of walk where the pee is nearly coming out and any sudden movements you'll leak. That walk :)

$

*006*2012-09-14 01:25

I'm glad you guys liked it, but its a matter of choice. Either way I'm sorry but I wont be sharing those as I've said. Now if some more co-workers have some desp moments, I will let you know :p

