My first major public wetting experience!

Author: Spoony

*000*2014-08-17 15:15

Just had to share this one with you all! I've got no pics I'm afraid as I was out in public but here's how it went...

Was getting ready for a grocery shopping trip at 10am, been thirsty all morning so by this time I'd already worked my way though a 2 litre bottle of water and a couple of cans of Pepsi Max. Was just heading for the bathroom when the taxi arrived, but as I wasn't even feeling desperate to go and it would just be a precaution visit, I decided to wait. Got into Taxi and got to shop.

About 15 minutes later I was starting to feel the need to go, prob at a 2/10 so not major but it was definitely going to need to be addressed soon, but I'd already started putting stuff in my trolley and I was alone, so didn't want to leave it and start again.

Just another ten minutes later and after having to bend to pick up a few things off the bottom shelf, I was now starting to feel the strain on my bladder, I'd prob just shot up to a 5/10. Whilst I was consulting my list I know I was definitely stood there toe-tapping and jiggling ever so slightly.

Because of the need to go, I was now walking at a snails pace up and down the aisles, having to clench tight each time I had to bend or stretch to get something I was after.

Panic suddenly struck as soon as I got to the frozen aisle, because damn are those fridges colder when you need to go. I was probably now at a 8/10, dancing on the spot, legs trembling. Wanting to hold myself but couldn't as lots of other Sunday shoppers. Was in slight turmoil, do I hold it until shopping was done, or abandon it all and go wee and have to start again once I'd already got most of it? So I told myself I could do this and bravely soldiered on until finally I had everything I needed.

I got to the shortest till queue I could find and start emptying.... my shopping onto the conveyor belt ;-) Each time I had to lean forward to reach an item lower down in the trolley it put more pressure onto my now seriously aching bladder. Finally got all the items onto the conveyor belt and the cashier was just ringing through the last of the customer in fronts items. By now I was in pain, but also some pleasure as holding it turns me on a bit. The woman in front of me was rifling through her handbag trying to find her money off coupons. I'm usually quite shy about public desperation, but right that moment I had no choice, I had my legs crossed, wee hole clamped shut as hard as I could bear and was holding on, hopping from foot to foot, silently urging the woman in front to hurry the hell up!

Eventually woman in front was done, I was going through the queue haphazardly throwing groceries into a bag, not even putting them away in a sensible order, all I knew was that I was dangerously close to peeing in my jeans. Fortunately the till I chose was quite near the customer toilets. I paid on my card, grabbed my receipt and bags and hobbled over to the toilets only to stand there gawping in disbelief, they were closed for repair, but the disabled toilet was OK to be used, except it was engaged. 

I pee-pee danced around on the spot for three minutes but that was it. I jiggled too hard or something because I felt a couple of desperate spurts leak out and I knew I wouldn't be able hold it if I stayed there waiting any longer. I tried to calmly as possible grab my bags and head towards the exit, getting outside where it was quite cold today and feeling the warm flow of my pee suddenly start to spread on my crotch, pushing it's way through the denim and coursing down my inside leg, hitting the floor as I walked towards the taxi rank. I got a few stares and comments, and blushed furiously, but I didn't care, I had to pee so bad that the release just felt so good, the lack of pain from holding on was gone and the sense of excitement from having to go in public made me throb so much!

And that's that... first public wetting experience and first proper writing on here - please be nice!

*002*2014-08-17 19:15

The warmth was very welcome! I mostly got disgusted looks and a few "ew that's disgusting" comments - but meh, f**k 'em! Haters gonna hate!

*004*2014-08-17 19:36

There'll be more stories, I'm sure! Seem to get quite a few close calls at work!

*007*2014-08-17 19:52

Thank you

*009*2014-08-17 22:42

*bites bottom lip* enjoy!

*011*2014-08-17 22:56

Heh.... well dayum!

LOL - you can PM if you wanna go into more detail, I won't mind!

*013*2014-08-17 23:51

I'm cool with that!

*016*2014-08-18 05:31

I've had a few true life desperation close calls in the last week! I even took a couple holding pics so I'll post the story and pics tonight!

*019*2014-08-18 22:25

Soon as I get another, I'll post! There's a vid too I did, only a short one, but uh, it seems to only load upside down!

*023*2014-09-16 13:04

Thank you

