My (not really) cousin peed her pants for me.

Author: Jodan

*000*2013-04-29 17:37

I actually put two posts up, but it seems as though only one of them is up. No big deal, if it shows up, good, if it doesn't then I'll retype it when I get the time. The first two posts were pretty long and detailed, one of an accident I had and one about the only accidental female wetting I ever witnessed. So here I'm going to relate the story of the first time a girl wet herself on purpose for me. I don't have endless stories, but I've got a few. :)

A few months had passed since the day that my semi-sorta-but-not-really cousin had an accident in front of me as we walked home from rock collecting. I was babysitting two of my younger cousins at a different uncle's house that night, and Allie as we call her in these posts, lived just up the road from where I was at. So she came down to hang out and help me out with the little ones.

We were pretty much just sitting around, talking about this and that when somehow we got on the topic that she was broke. At the time I wasn't broke (though I wasn't far from it, I only had five dollars), so she started giving me a hard time about it; playfully calling me spoiled and whatnot. I, in return, started teasing her about the fact that I had five dollars and she didn't. I told her money was earned (playfully), and she said that she would earn it. Just tell her what to do. I lied and told her I couldn't think of anything. This went on for a while and she kept asking me what she could do for some money, I said, "I don't know but it's gotta be something pretty big."

She asked, "Like what?"

I finally just said hell with it, she probably wouldn't take it seriously anyway. I said (in a half joking tone of voice), "I don't know... something embarrassing. You could pee your pants again."

I was very surprised when she chuckled and said, "I'll pee my pants..."

I didn't know what to say exactly, so I took the safe road and just asked, "Really?"

She got a big grin and said, "Yeah I'll pee my pants. I'll pee my pants right now... for five dollars."

I asked if she was serious and she nodded and stood as though she was gonna let loose right there and then. But I stopped her though because the little one's were still awake. The sun wasn't even down yet. So she agreed to wait until the kids were asleep, which didn't happen until after 9 PM, some three or four hours later. By that time Allie was literally dancing in place and occasionally grabbing her crotch. A couple of times throughout the night she had made comments that she was about to pee her pants, and I said she had to hold it till the kids were asleep or no cash (I didn't mean it, but still... what a dick I was as a kid, for the record I am NOT that way now). She was wearing very tight blue jeans and a blue superman Tshirt. When the time came, I asked her if she was ready and she said, "Yeah, I can't hold it much longer."

So we went out onto the porch and she stood in front of me and spread her legs wide apart. I pushed my luck said that wasn't fair because she wouldn't get very wet that way; if I was gonna pay for it, I wanted her to totally soak herself. Again I was surprised when she said okay and put her legs tight together. She took a deep breath and asked, "You ready?"

I said I was ready. For a second there was nothing and then a dark spot blossomed in her crotch. It grew to about the size of a fist and she stopped for a second. I don't know why she did this, but the result was her jamming her hand in her crotch, locking her knees and pacing around in place while shaking just a bit as she tried to stop. While she did this she said, "I went a little bit." I have to admit it was one of the cuter things I'd seen her do and it only added to my excitement. She paced around for a few more seconds then stopped and grinned at me and said, "I'm peeing." I watched as the wet spot began to spread very quickly and glisten. Her jeans were very tight so the wetness stayed mostly around her crotch at first spreading up her front toward her belt buckle, out to the sides toward her front pockets, and then finally down her legs. And man, I gotta say, she peed and peed for what seemed like forever.

Like the time I saw her wet herself before, I felt so excited I literally almost wet my pants as well and then felt as though I was on the verge of cumming. I felt all shaky and short of breath. By the time she was done wetting herself, she was standing there soaked from about halfway to her belt line above her crotch all the way down both legs with a rather big puddle beneath her. She turned around in a 360 so I could see the back of her jeans. Pretty much the bottom half of her butt was soaked and all down the back of her legs as well.

That's when we both realized that she had not brought a spare change of pants. So she ended up getting in the shower with her pants on and just soaking them entirely so at least the tell tale wet spot wasn't showing. The rest of the night until she was picked up by her parents, she sat with me in the living room wrapped in a towel laughing and talking about how cold she was now since she'd soaked herself. 

Of course, I gave her the measly five dollars. I also did my best to hide my excited state, but looking back now, I'm pretty sure she figured it out. I'm pretty sure she didn't mind though, because she actually wet for me quite a few more times. It kind of became our thing; she'd come over, we'd hang out, every now and then she'd pee her pants for me. A couple of times she even asked me to pee my pants, which of course I did, but I don't know if she got the same excitement from it as I did. This continued for quite a while. The last time she peed herself for me she was just about to turn 18. Things almost got a little out of hand, but that's a whole other story. If anyone is interested I'll tell it.

*002*2013-04-29 22:14

Well, I'm only allowed one more post until tomorrow, so I might as well use it here, right? First I'd like to apologize in advance for my lengthy posts. Hopefully its not too annoying. Anyway... Okay here goes.

I'm a year older than Allie. But mine and Allie's birthdays fell about a week apart. I had just had my nineteenth birthday and her eighteenth was coming up in a few days. I had already moved out of my parents place, had a small pickup truck, nothing fancy but it was new. I went over to have dinner at my parents place and when I arrived Allie happened to be there. We always got along pretty well, so as usual we started shooting the breeze. She told me that she was planning on getting a car, but she needed her licence first, and in order to get that she needed time behind the wheel. Due to money issues within her family she did not have a vehicle available to her with which to take the driving test. This was a no brainer to me, so I offered to let her take the test in my truck. The only issue was that she had no experience whatsoever with driving a stick shift.

I said that we would just have to go out to the farm roads and teach her. Only one way to learn. Thing is, I meant on some other day, like next week or something. She wanted to go learn that night. I said no, because I had to be home that night and she she really started in on bugging me about it. I kept saying no, and she finally said, "Please, I'll do anything."

I just threw my hands up and said, "Alright, you said it. But you gotta promise to do it."

She replied, "Do what?"

I just looked at her, grinned and said, "You know."

She kinda laughed and said okay. At this point I should probably mention that she was wearing tight but worn out jeans with many holes and thin spots wearing in them. Some stores sell them pre made to be stylish, these were legitimately worn. Faded almost white and even had a spot that had worn through in the crotch, it was not quite a hole yet though.

We decided to go after dinner. For the rest of the night I noticed Allie was drinking water and soda like there was no tomorrow. Once dinner was through, we let everyone know we were leaving, Allie grabbed a spare pare of pants and we jumped in the truck and went. I drove us out to the fields, noticing that Allie was shifting her weight in the passenger seat a lot.

After a little ways, I stopped the truck and switched seats with her (after making her promise not to pee in my driver's seat) and let her drive for a bit. She struggled at first but she got it after a bit. When we came to a secluded spot, we stopped and got out. She stood in front of the head lights and asked if I was ready, which of course I was. So she stood there and.... nothing. Then I see a tiny trickle come through the spot in the crotch that was almost worn all the way through. She told me that she went a little bit and asked if I could see it. I told her I couldn't, which was the truth. I playfully said, "Na uh, you lie, you didn't go!"

She said, "No I swear I did, you just can't see it but it's wet."

I said I didn't believe her. And I know this will sound like something made up, but I swear it happened; She said to feel if I didn't believe her and pushed her hips out toward me a little. I didn't know what to do, I just acted. I reached my hand out and placed my palm over the crotch of her jeans where the thin spot was. She had not been lying, it was wet and still warm. I remember I could feel heat radiating from her pussy beneath the damp jeans. I just kinda sat there for a moment with my hand in her crotch not knowing what to do. I asked her if she would be able to finish peeing. She fought with it for a bit before peeing just a tiny bit more. I still couldn't see it, so she offered to let me feel again, and I accepted again.

Finally I decided that, enjoyable as it may be, this was leading down a troubled road here if things got out of hand. So without actually saying that, I kinda steered us in the direction of driving home. I was driving us back toward the folk's house and we were a little less than half way (still in the farm roads) when she suddenly and almost excitedly blurted out, "Stop the car, I'm gonna pee."

Needless to say I stopped the truck. She had the door open and was out in front of the head lights dancing before I could get the parking break set. She had her hands in her crotch and was squirming around like crazy telling me, "Hurry, hurry!"

She never moved her hands away. I got out of the car just in time to see first a trickle through her fingers and then a rapidly expanding wet spot around them. She turned around so that her back was to me and bent over, still holding her crotch and I watched as her pee soaked her backside. First it spread up along her butt crack and then outward at the bottom of her butt, making that awesome upside down v shaped wet spot on her ass. She actually stopped again for a second, took her hands out of her crotch and I thought that was all. But then she sighed again, stood up straight and kind of pushed her legs together.

I saw the already wet denim of her crotch and butt start to glisten and the wet spot start spreading wider on her butt and going down her legs as she really let go. She must have had to go pretty bad because she absolutely flooded her jeans for a pretty long time. She was wet just a little past the knees when she turned around again and I could see her crotch was still glistening and a kind of stream was pouring out of the worn spot. When she finally finished wetting her pants she was soaked just as before, from halfway up her butt and front all the way down to her socks and shoes. I was once again on the verge of cumming in my pants and I'm pretty sure she could tell. The tent in my pants didn't lie.

This is where things started getting out of hand.

She didn't mention anything about my obvious erection. Instead she asked me if that was good enough in a joking tone. I told her it was definitely good enough. And then she shocked me when she asked if I wanted to feel again before she changed. Again, I just couldn't help myself. Next thing I knew my hand was on her soaked crotch again and I noticed that she gasped just a little when I put it there. Next thing I knew she was actually kind of pressing her crotch into my palm and before I knew it my other hand was feeling her wet butt. And that's when it hit me. She may not be my blood cousin, but this was a path that would lead to a lot of problems. So, I manned up, took my hands off of her crotch and ass, and hugged her instead (Which still turned out to be a bad idea because I'm fairly certain she felt my erection while we hugged), and told her she was awesome. She seemed to get it, and said she'd better get changed.

That was pretty much that. I did get to watch her change pants (she kept her wet panties on though which were originally yellow anyway, but now they were semi see through since they were soaked). But that was the last time Allie ever wet her pants for me. Not because it got weird or anything like that. She graduated and moved out and started her life, and so we have not seen each other in a few years. Trust me though, if I had the chance I'd love to see her do it again.

I have a few more stories involving Allie and one involving another girl. Even one adult accident of my own. I'll post those when I get the right to post more if people want to read it.

*004*2013-04-30 00:32

Yes, yes it did take a lot of will power. I'm glad you guys like the stories and appreciate the compliments. I'm sure I'll be around for a while.

