I have noticed that there seems to be (continued)

Author: Old Silver

*000*2013-09-22 02:55

.. some trepidation about wetting in public for some reason. My first wetting experience happened 45 years ago. It all started on a very hot evening when my old jalopy died on me on the way home from a dinner date where I had consumed more than my share of ice tea and lemonade.

I had dropped my date off at her house and was headed home when my car died in front of the Mondawmin Shopping Center. I was quite nervous, as it was smack dab in the middle of a busy road, I had no money left other than a bit of change, and it was getting pretty late in the evening.

Being bloated with tea and lemonade and being nervous was not a good combination when you have a broken down car on a sweltering evening. Well, I spied a pay phone on the wall outside the main entrance to the shopping center, so I temporarily abandoned my car and made my way the phone to call my step sister for help. The stores were beginning to close and there were lots of people milling around, and I was about to burst. So there I was jabbering to my step sister telling her where I was, etc, when I noticed a police car had pulled up behind my jalopy .. and there it happened. 

I was so frazzled and nervous that I uncontrolably wet myself in front of everybody. Wearing kaki pants, there was no hiding the fact that I had just peed what seemed like 55 gallons in my pants, down the legs, filling my Keds, and leaving puddles on the sidewalk. There I was, my step sister on her way, people looking, pointing, and laughing, police behind my vehicle and experiencing what was probably the most humiliating thing I had ever experienced, yet it was strangely exciting and stimulating at the same time.

The police officer was very professional and understanding, which really surprised me. He made towing arrangements for me, and stayed there with me until my step sister got there. She was 2 years older than I was, and found the whole ordeal to be rather "exciting" to say the least. At any rate, I was hooked on wetting in public from that day on, and here it is 45 years later, and still enjoy the experience.

*001*2013-09-23 10:09

My second time happened not too long afterwards when my step sister and I caught a Greyhound bus to Ocean City for long weekend at the beach. The bus was packed, but in those days, they packed on as many as they could. When Karen and I got on, the only place to sit was on the front steps, hardley enough room for two people to sit side by side, so Karen sat on my lap for the hour and a half ride. About an hour into it she startred squirming around, which I found to be rather stimulating. I guess she knew it, because she reached under and adjusted my "position" and kept squirming until I exploded. At that very moment, she wet herself and the warmth was intense. I, needing to pee too at that point, just let it go . She let out a moan of intense pleasure and shivered a little, and with our pee trickling down the steps, we sat there saturated for the remainder of the trip. That is some ancient history that I will never forget.

*003*2013-09-24 11:05

{{ 

That's weird! I had a taxi cab lap wetting experience with a "Karin" (she was an exchange student from West Germany) in 1975.

A bunch of us piled into a cab after being kicked out of a bar on a Thursday night. Karin piled in on top of me.

No desperation or anything else, my lap just got warm and she turned around and said "I might need toilet".

}}

Gotta love those girls named Karin/Karen!

