Missed sighting - wish I had been there

Author: omolpp

*000*2013-10-27 07:45

I have never been fortunate enough to actually witness a wetting but I have been all so close, don't you just hate that.

First incident:

This was back in school, there was a girl who always seemed to come to the classroom desperate to pee. I remember she would come in and didn't even have to ask, the teacher already knew and told her to go ahead. Well it would seem I picked the wrong day to miss school. I came in the next day and there was another student that starting teasing that she had wet her pants. He was quickly hushed by the teacher and the girl told him to shut up as well with an obvious tone that suggested there was truth behind it. Damn I wish I had been there, she was a pretty good looking girl too.

Second incident:

Just so happened I was at a fair with my sister, just screwing around basically. For whatever reason we went on this ride called "Gravitron" I have also seen it called different names. In a nutshell it is a sauce looking ride that you go inside and lean up against the wall. This thing spins and pins you to the wall. Kinda of funny cause my sister made a comment about the ride having to make her pee. Anyhow there were a couple of girls directly across form us, one was a little heavy but the other one was pretty cute. Anyhow as we were getting off the ride I distinctly heard one of them say " Great, I pissed my pants" Not sure which one it was, I guess I want to believe it was the cute one. I wish like hell I had been alone, I wanted to turn around and take a look but by the time I did they were long gone. Yea, that sucked.

Third incident:

This may be more of a "wink" needless to say I was never sure. Anyhow I was at another fair just looking around, couldn't help but notice this younger girl get off a ride and had a distinct wet spot on her butt. I saw her again as she was getting off another ride and she seemed to be trying to hide (unsuccessfully) by pulling down her shirt. I question to this day if it was a genuine wetting or just a very well placed spill, I guess one can imagine.

I also remember a time at a race track, saw a young women, apparently with husband or BF. She stood up and had a wet spot just below her but extending a few inches down one leg, could have been a spill but to this day I wonder.

