Yesterday's adventures...

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-04 12:28

So yesterday I wet myself a grand total of 3 times...

The first was yesterday morning which didn't recieve too much attention from the post I made, but if you're interested check it out :)

I was ill yesterday and just chatting to some people from omo.org, one of them, homeanddry was attempting to hold through the entirety of the sports game he was watching. I thought I'd join in but I wasn't desperate, so I kept drinking water.

The last ten minutes of his sports game though and I was fully desperate, rocking, crossing my legs, biting my lip and grabbing at my grey sweatpants. Waves kept hitting me and I leaked.

I sent him a picture because I knew he was in a similar situation and he told me to stop it. I regained control but I kept losing control.

In the end I ended up soaking my but, until I could stop and run to the bathroom. He beat me lol! Perfectly dry though I'm sure I didn't help!

I took some pics and changed into pjs! About 10 minutes later I had to pee again pretty bad and had my legs crossed! I thought I'd mess around and asked homeanddry for permission but he kept denying me, then telling me about situations in which he's seen friends desperate.

I had tears in my eyes and I was holding myself I had to go so badly, he told me to stand up but I couldn't hold it and started having an accident! I wanted to run to the bathroom but he said I could go in 5 minutes. I drank waaayyyy too much water. At the 2 minutes to go mark my bladder gave in and I wet big time almost completely emptied my bladder. I made the biggest puddle I've ever made...

Anyway hope you enjoyed that! I am pretty ashamed I couldn't wait 2 minutes!

*002*2015-10-04 14:37

{{: 

Wow, what a show!

}}

Thank you hehe.

I am sorry about the mess on my floor I knocked stuff over in my panic hehe

*004*2015-10-04 18:29

{{: 

Nice puddle there, Zebra! Thanks for the show and tell session!

}}

Cheers silver I'm impressed with my puddle

*007*2015-10-04 23:20

{{: 

Did I do well, then? Good stuff, anyway, and it's always good to see the evidence.

On my part, it had already been about five hours since I'd last pee'd when I got home, sorted a few things out and settled down to watch the rugby. I'd enjoyed several cups of tea in those five hours, topped up with plenty of water, and needed to go quite badly before I even set out for home a little while earlier - probably well past the point where most people would probably think, yes, it really would be sensible to pee before getting into this car.

I'd made it clear to Equusquagga that I had every intention of waiting until the end of the rugby (which seemed an age away, and have you seen how much time is being wasted in matches at the moment?!), but my challenge was made more difficult by the fact that I had friends over. Not only did that mean that I needed to be quite subtle, but it also meant that I had to keep standing up to get them drinks (maybe not the perfect host, but I try). Even by half time, it was getting really quite painful - I had to sit slightly on my side, with my legs brought up a little to ease the pressure.

Standing up, then, was almost intolerable! I could feel my jeans being pushed down at the front, almost as though i needed to tighten the belt, but pulling them back up proved physically impossible. My only relief, whilst sorting drinks out, came from leaning on the counter briefly and crossing my legs slightly (not sure whether it makes any difference, but it seemed to). I did, of course, get through another two cups of tea and some water in the midst of all this.

By the time those last ten minutes arrived, I was really doubting my own ability to even move away from the chair without some sort of drama, or at least loss of subtlety. It didn't particularly feel as though loss of control was imminent - it just hurt, quite a lot. I didn't know how that would change when it came to the next time to stand up though.

But yes. I made it, even managing (somehow) to pour some more drinks on the way. I think that means that I won :-)

All very enjoyable, thanks!

}}

You won alright! Didn't realise you were that desperate though lol

*009*2015-10-05 20:27

{{: 

Love your story and pics again.

You're such a naughty girl, I'd make you wear a diaper if you keep having accidents like this all the time!

}}

Haha Barry! I don't think I'm quite that bad!

*014*2015-10-13 22:56

{{: 

You always offer up the best. The pictures and the description were fantastic. You are indeed an inspiration. I woke up really having to pee but seeing those photos, in peeing as hard as I can into my pants laying on my bed......there finished. I wish I had a camera but I don't know that anyone would fancy it. I'm only wearing underwear. I hadn't planned on wetting but I saw those great photos and I was inspired. :-)

}}

Haha thank you for reading! You should definitely try posting lol :P

{{: 

Equusquagga, As usual you wrote a exciting narrative of you pee holding and pants wetting, and topped it off with great pictures . I particularly love the one showing the beginning of your leak in your grey sweat pants. Also that is quite a huge puddle of pee you made.

Did you ever think of taking a few shots of yourself desperately struggling not to wet your pants ?

​As to homeanddry winning your holding contest, I know from personal experience, that having guests in the house significantly increases the will power to hold on without to much fuss,without losing a drop. So, he did have a bit of advantage. Sorry homeanddry.

In any event kudos to both of you for finding a partner to hold with, even if in was on line.

}}

Haha yeah, I made a massive puddle. Homeanddry always wins! One day... one day

