WEDDING FUN

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2014-09-28 00:46

A few years ago my girlfriend and I went to a wedding of our friends. I don’t know about you, but I always find that weddings are a great day out and somehow are very sensual, by the end of the celebrations I am usually feeling quite horny!

I really enjoy that every one has scrubbed up quite well and have really made an effort and are dressed in their finery, and the girls always look fabulous in their sexy dresses, hats and shoes. The bride and bridesmaids are usually looking stunning, and the men too are in suits and ties and are well groomed for once!

As always it is a long day with a certain amount of drinks including alcohol consumed over a period of time. Champagne or sparkling wine served while we stand around for the unending photographs, then of course some people retire to the bar for a beer or cocktail, before having wine with the meal, and more champagne for the toasts,

Then it is the evening party with music, dancing and more drinking into the small hours. Even pacing yourself to allow for the length of the day, it is essential to drink plenty of water to avoid getting too tipsy or dehydrated.

The thing about weddings, I find, is that every one is jolly and is out to have a good day and enjoy themselves so it is a very happy occasion.

My girlfriend and I joined in with gusto and had a really great day, meeting old friends and laughing and joking and having a few drinks together.

As the evening went on we began to feel very passionate, the wedding nuptials and a few drinks taking their effect, and we were enjoying dancing closely together in the slower numbers, and really rocking it in the faster ones.

While we were sitting down my girlfriend was laughing at something, when suddenly she said that she really needed to go to the toilet .

But just then it was time for the DJ to announce the Conga!

‘You can’t go now’ I said we have to join in for this. So we both got up and joined the Conga and danced around the room for 10 minutes with every one else, having a great laugh with all of our friends.

Afterwards we went to sit down again to recover, and had a long drink to cool us down.

My girlfriend cuddled up against me and I said to her ‘I thought you needed to go to the toilet before all of that dancing around?’

She replied, ‘Well I still do, but it can wait now, because actually I think I wet myself a little bit while we were jumping around doing the Conga.’

‘What do you mean?’ I asked, my heart beginning to pump madly at the thoughts running through my mind.

‘Well I really should have gone before, I have been holding on for a while, I was going to tell you ‘cause I know you like it when I am dying to go for a wee, and I do too, but then when I was telling you we suddenly jumped up to dance the Conga.’

We sat there for a while, cuddling together in a corner, and I asked her if she wanted to go up to our room where we were staying.

Suddenly she said’ ‘I really am dying for a wee, if you want me too I could do some more, just a little bit in my knickers, I know you would like that?’ ‘Do you want me to wet myself some more?’

‘Yes please’ I gasped feeling myself getting an erection at the thought.

She cuddled into me even closer, and then after a few moments she wriggled a bit and said ‘ Oh golly, I’ve just let go and done a bit more, I’m wetting my knickers again. Lets go up to our room.’

We made our goodbyes to our friends and hastened out of the party and up to our room.

As we walked along the corridor to our room she suddenly stopped and looked at me ‘ I really am desperate, I could easily just wet myself again, do you want me too?’

No need to ask really, the answer was ‘Yes please.’

So as we stood in the corridor she smiled at me, crossed her legs, hopped about in desperation, and then slowly wet her knickers some more, for the third time. 'Oh gosh, I've just wet myself again, I really should have gone to the toilet before, I am a naughty girl, you don't mind do you?' she said.

When we got to the room we quickly stripped off our smart clothes and I gently rubbed her between the legs, through the increasingly wet crotch of her knickers.

'I don't want you to go to the toilet, I want you to wet your knickers again for me, and I want you to do it on me now!'

We then took down the shower curtain and put it onto the bed with the two thick bath towels on top.

I lay on the bed and she knelt on top and her legs straddled me, still in her bra and damp knickers and me still in my shirt and underpants,. As she sat on me I pushed on her full tummy with my hands knowing it would increase the need for her to let go. She gasped and said she was still dying for a wee, and then she moaned and said she was doing it, and slowly let go and began to wee, I could see it beginning to flow with the spreading wet patch on her white cotton knickers, and then I could feel the warmth as her wee ran over me and soaked into my underpants and the towels beneath me on the bed.

I was so hard by this time and she was so turned on and soaking wet with desire, that we just had to make love, and we had the most incredible orgasms ever.

