A incontinence pad wetting that I witnessed

Author: SystemUser

*000*2015-08-11 23:19

I originally didn't want to post this story, and I guess I really shouldn't have investigated (read the story), but here I am, telling it to you guys on the forums. If you find a part of this story inappropriate, please say so, and to the moderators, if this doesn't comply with the rules in any way, I'll delete the thread. So here goes.

So a while back, I was vacationing in Paris. I had a fun time- the attractions were all pretty amazing. I was with my friends (all guys, 4 of us) and we were heading back. Because we had day passes, we took the subway together. So my group squeezed into the relatively run-down subway car, we were all standing, and all my friends were using their phones playing candy crush or checking their text messages, idk, except me because the battery on mine ran out (Thanks for making me use it as a GPS, friends). So I'm just standing, checking out the scenery, when I see a lady wearing black jeans(?) who is standing, in her thirties, probably, who is apparently in the need to pee- she is fidgeting. I din't think much of the situation- I see people who need to use the toilet all the time. Next stop comes, she doesn't get off.

Now, if you know Paris, the subway stops are spaced so that there's at least a 5 minute ride between stops, and we were on the outskirts so this was even more apparent. The lady was visibly getting more desperate, she was flinching and silently groaning, but didn't do anything too obscene like grab her..uh... probably because we were in public. I was facing her back. I was intrigued at this time. So she was desperate -I could hear her praying for the next stop (at least, she was muttering something), and this goes on for roughly a minute. I think she must has spurted in that time. Then the subway car hit an imperfection in the rail. 

I was probably the only one who heard the hissing because of the noise of the wheels, but I was listening for the tell-tale sound anyways. Hissing continues, but her black pants aren't wet. I was thinking that maybe I was mistaken for about 5 seconds, and then I see streaks leak out the side of the pants- not the center. She continues peeing, the streaks grow much thicker and wider, and I see some liquid on the floor, but I'm more interested (is that the word?) by where the liquid came out. Is she wearing an absorbent garment?

The ride continues for about a minute or so, and when we get to the next stop, I decide to investigate further. I tell my friends I need to go to the bathroom, they tell me to meet them at the hotel, and I duck out of the carriage. The woman goes into a family restroom, and by this point I'm fairly certain that she is, in fact, wearing some sort of incontinence "protection". While I am waiting, I pretend to be calling a friend of my out-of battery phone. Woman gets out after about five minutes, and walks towards me. 

She does not recognize me, and I breathe a sigh of relief (not really). I walk in, do my business, and open the trash can lid. Sure enough, there was this huge, soaking yellow Tena Maxi pad( I could tell because of the design, and also because it was about a foot and a half long). The pad was just soaked- I don't even think this was her first accident in it, but maybe it was. There was no way it could hold any more liquid anymore- it looks like she just flooded the pad, releasing her whole bladder. I also saw an adhesive strip in the trash, but it was a lot smaller than the Maxi's strip. Probably a backup pad.

I caught the next-next subway from the one I was originally on l, and I reflected on the incident. The woman was gone. I'm guessing she was stress incontinent, based on the fact that she was using pads and that she spilled her whole bladder- if she was urge incontinent she probably wouldn't have been able to hold an entire bladder- would she? I'm not a scientist. Also, she was using pads, not briefs.

My friends were waiting, and they told me they saw something looking like pee on the floor of the subway. I was like, "really?". They said they thought it was from me, but then they saw my pants were dry. I charged my phone, we went to sleep, the end.

FOR TL;DR's. This is a story about a woman who soaked an incontinence pad on a subway, and it leaked. I discovered the pad in the trash.

*001*2015-08-12 00:28

So yeah. Was what I did indecent?

*004*2015-08-12 14:58

{{:

Nah the story was good. Nothing indecent.

Cool story by the way. Good writing.

Did you actually take out the pad and touch it or just saw it in the trash?

}}

I actually took it out ( it was still warm) but didn't touch the top part, only the backing

*006*2015-08-12 20:16

{{:

I enjoyed the story. I wish you'd taken pictures!

}}

Shame that my only camera (phone) was out of battery.

IDK, maybe you can turn the story into a comic or drawing?

Eh, probably not.

*011*2015-08-14 00:44

{{:

Now the woman knows that even a maxi pad is not sufficient protection. Maybe she'll try an adult diaper of some sort for her next subway ride. If she's smart, she'll test it first.

}}

No, it wasn't a period pad, it was a tena pad in the "maxi" size.

I apologize if I misunderstand, but I think you may be referring to a period pad of some sort.

*013*2015-08-14 01:09

{{:

I guess I was assuming it was a period pad, although I'd never seen one that big. In any case, it was not up to the task of holding what she released into it. The cloth-like (non-crinkly) heavier diapers like Abena Abri-Form Air-Plus would give her more protection. The Air-Plus comes in five absorbency levels 0-4. I have only used Level 4 Abenas, which are very thirsty. I hope she will consider a product like that. I suspect that she doesn't want another embarrassing accident.

}}

For some reason, I really can't see her in a tabbed diaper (she was quite petite). I'm guessing she'll be trying something like tena lady discreet underwear, or an tena maxi overnight.

However, since I don't think this was a completely incontinence-related accident (as written in the second-to-last paragraph), my money's on she's staying in pads.

*015*2015-08-14 02:58

{{:

I guess I was assuming it was a period pad, although I'd never seen one that big. In any case, it was not up to the task of holding what she released into it. The Tena pads are 10"x22" and absorb from 16 to 22 ounces of liquid.

}}

Yeah, that's why I assumed it was not her first accident. The pad she was using could hold a complete bladder's worth of urine and absorb it without leaking-yet the woman exceeded the capacity of the pad by a decent amount- there was a puddle on the floor. When I saw the pad, the absorbent part was bulging and there was still urine in the crevices. You could also see it leaked out the front as well.

I'm guessing she was reluctant to change out an already wet pad because had none left; the peel-away adhesive strip thing in the trash was obviously for a much smaller insert; it was a Tena lights pantyliner (I saw the design). In fact, I'm relatively sure the pad already had about 100-200ml of urine in it before her accident.

*017*2015-08-14 15:36

{{:

The fact that the Tena maxi pad was so full makes me wonder whether she has a major problem with incontinence. She seemed to be struggling on the subway, yet she was apparently already wet, so she must have known she was nearing the capacity of her substantial protection. I feel sorry for her, but I wonder why she didn't get off at an earlier stop and use the toilet -- and even buy another Tena.

}}

Well, here's the thing. When I was in France, even before I witnessed this, I did some poking around in the French incontinence market. I found that products there are still associated with the elderly, meaning pads and liners are very hard to come by, as stores stock mostly tabbed diapers (basically the opposite of the US). When people with a less acute need get their hands on a more discreet product, it is usually ordered online and very expensive. So many of them buy a product that is much more than they need and use it the entire day, without changing it. In this aspect, I'm fairly certain the pad held the contents of a day's worth of accidents, and that the accident on the subway was not incontinence-related.

Also, in the outskirts of Paris, some subway stations don't have bathrooms. Maybe that's why she didn't get off? IDK, I can't read French.

*019*2015-08-15 22:59

{{:

Thanks for that illuminating glimpse into the protective garment market in France.

}}

You're welcome

*021*2015-08-18 23:24

{{:

Great read. Still waiting for the French lady to appear in this thread and say "oh hi! it was me!" LOL

}}

I would probably get in a lot of trouble for that

