Beginning Wetter

Author: goldengypsy

*000*2013-05-07 13:23

Hello to all! This is my first post on this site so bear with me. I'm incredibly new to all of this and hardly know where to begin! This is the story of my first wetting experience. I hope you enjoy it and please, lots of feedback!

I just discovered that I had a certain... inclination... towards pee in the last year. I felt like there was something missing in my world and now I have found it! It first came about when I stumbled on my first golden shower video. I just couldn't get enough and soon I began falling down the rabbit hole of pee videos until I came upon one pants wetting video. 

At first I wasn't too excited while the cute girl danced and held her crotch but when the first trickle started to darken her jeans, I felt a stir of excitement between my own legs. The more soaked her pants became, the more mine did as well until I couldn't resist stroking my clit. I clicked on the next video, and the next, and the next, stroking and fingering furiously as I watched girls in skirts, and leggings, in dark alleys and the middle of the street unleashing hot streams of pee from tasty little twats. I shuddered and and found myself in the first throes of wetting-watching induced orgasm. I hadn't been so satisfied in a long time.

For a while, watching the videos was enough... then one day it hit me. I wanted to know what it felt like. I wanted to know firsthand what that stream of warm liquid felt like soaking through my own pants, the soggy warmth of drenched panties clinging to my pussy. But how? I could never tell my boyfriend and we live together, with four roommates! How was I going to sneak pee soaked clothes past all of them without them noticing? My opportunity arose one day when my boyfriend had to go out of town for work and conveniently all the roommates decided to go to the bar. I feigned being sleepy but inside I was soaring with anxious anticipation.

I waited until I was surely not going to be disturbed. I grabbed a towel and folded it up and put on the perfect pair of panties and jeans, sure to show the wetness at its best. I knelt in front of my full length bedroom mirror, with my towel beneath me and my fly unzipped enough to be able to get my hand into my jeans with no trouble. I had watched plenty of wetting videos so my undies were already damp with excitement and my pussy was aching to be touched. I had chugged several bottles of water and I was nearly bursting. 

My abdomen was hard and full feeling and I could see its slight bulge in the mirror. I took a deep breath and pulse racing, placed a cupped hand inside my jeans. I let the first trickle go and felt it splash warmly in my palm, gasping at the sensation. It was glorious. I touched the wet spot on my underwear and rubbed myself ever so slightly, feeling a little bit of cum escape. But I needed more so I let another stream go, this time enough so the first dark spot appeared on my jeans. I was so excited and the seal had been broken so what happened next was inevitable.

Hot pee started gushing out of me, soaking the crotch of my jeans and streaming onto the towel. A small stream went rogue and trickled onto the carpet which in increasing my nervousness at being caught eventually, also spiked my excitement. I managed to regain control once my pants were sufficiently wet and I saved just enough so that I could push down my jeans and see a trickle come through my pink panties. I pulled them to the side, rubbing them hard on my clit and watched the last drops falling from my swollen lips. I couldn't wait to pleasure myself any longer.

I rubbed my clit through the saturated fabric until my whole body shook and I went light headed from cumming so hard. I sat for a moment as my orgasm faded, staring at myself in the mirror. My jeans wetly pushed down to my knees, sopping panties pushed ever so slightly to the side while my still throbbing pussy pressed itself coyly against the dark stain, cheeks flushed with shy, slightly ashamed heat and eyes sparkling with satisfaction. I had never felt more beautiful or sexy and I glanced one last time in the mirror as I peeled off my pee soaked clothes, thinking that I could hardly wait to do it again... THE END

