Our Day In Orlando

Author: colbysaur

*000*2014-03-31 02:21

I haven't posted anything in a few weeks. Sorry about that. (Blame my crappy internet connection.) So here is something that happened just a few days when Matt, Darren, Sarah, and I decided to drive all the way to Orlando. (Only a twenty minute distance, but traffic gets ridiculous because of so many tourists.) One of the main attractions we went to was a haunted house type of thing, despite it being nowhere close to Halloween.

Enjoy!

So last week was spring break for us. We broke out some of our older consoles and had a Mario and Sonic the Hedgehog gaming marathon for a large portion of our week. Friday, we had nothing better to do, so we decided to drive to Orlando and walk around some of the attractions for a bit. We all got in Darren's car and started driving.

It was about nine a.m. so you'd think that traffic wouldn't be so bad early in the morning. However, we were wrong as our twenty minute drive turned into forty-five. Needless to say, we were growing impatient as time ticked on. Eventually, we reached Orlando, where we parked the car and started heading towards some of the tourist areas.

We spent a large portion of our time on the rides. Three out of the four of us were major fans of rollercoasters, so we went on every one of them in sight. We also ate a ton of food and played a couple of games. (I kicked Matt's butt at ring toss!)

After two hours, I felt a sudden urge to go to the bathroom. It was odd because I didn't have to go at all five minutes prior, but now I had to squeeze my thighs together to keep from peeing myself. Unfortunately, the only bathrooms available were porta potties. (And there was absolutely no way anyone could get me to go into one of those!) I had to convince myself to hold it until we left, where we could possibly pass by a place with cleaner restrooms.

"Woah! They've got a haunted house!" Darren exclaimed, pointing to a medium-sized building. "Come on!"

"No thank you," Matt replied flatly. Despite that, Darren grabbed him by the hand and dragged him to the building, Sarah and I following close behind. After paying, we all went inside.

The place was set up like an abandoned hospital, which somewhat freaked me out. I never had a problem with scary stuff, but this was an exception.

Obviously, I wasn't the only one scared. Both Matt and Sarah were holding my hand tightly while Darren led the way. It looked sort of freaky, empty hospital beds with fake blood stains and a needle of two on the counter, scattered around.

Suddenly, we heard a scream from behind us. Turning around, I saw someone crawling out from a cabinet.

I gasped, my legs barely able to support me at that point as I had to lean on Sarah to stay standing. The fear sent jolts to my bladder as well, intensifying my urgency to go. I could feel the waistband of my jeans digging into my bladder. I didn't want to unbutton my jeans however, knowing that I was in a public place. I would just have to wait until later on.

I could feel the pressure in my bladder increasing rapidly, me scared I would piss myself in front of so many other people.

A group of preteen girls behind me screamed unnecessarily loud, busting my eardrums. Another wave of desperation hit me as I tried to squeeze my thighs together as well as keep up with the others.

When we finally finished, I saw that a gas station was nearby. I was about to head over, until the others went in the opposite direction. I had to follow them, looking more and more likely to pee all over myself. The cool air and my tight jeans didn't help my situation whatsoever. Every step shook my bladder, only adding to my desperation.

"Oh god I'm going to piss myself!" I groaned, a little louder than I had intended it to be.

"There's bathrooms right over there," Sarah said, pointing to the porta potties, both of which had ridiculously long lines.

"I can't use one of those," I replied, "Those places are disgusting."

"You can always pee out in the open," Darren said sarcastically.

"There's a restaurant just down the street," Matt said, "Can you hold it a couple more minutes?"

I nodded, blushing as I loosened my belt. I was positive that I had a cameltoe by then, but I didn't care. My main priority was not wetting myself.

The walk to the restaurant was fifteen minutes, my bladder aching as I was doing the best I could to hold it. I resorted to crossing my legs every could of steps and bending over slightly as we walked, feeling mortified as others passing by noticed my potty dance.

Before we made it, my bladder started letting out spurts. I froze, a small patch forming on my pant. Gladly, my pants were black, so it wasn't visible. However, I knew my bladder would soon give up on me.

Another spurt soaked into my underwear, me pressing my legs together tightly. I was dangerously close to full-on wetting myself, something which I hadn't planned to do.

When we found a McDonald's, I dashed inside, ignoring the questioning looks from others as I busted through the door to the ladies. I went in one of the stalls, hurriedly pulling off my belt (which always seems ten times harder to get off when you have to pee :l) and sat down on the toilet, finally able to relieve myself, pee gushing out of me.

It took at least one minutes before the stream eased to a trickle, the pressure of my bladder finally gone. My jeans had a visible patch on them however, me pulling my jacket off and wrapping it around my waist in attempt to hide it.

I exited the restrooms and sat down at the table with the others, who had plenty of burgers, nuggets, and fries.

"I've never seen you run so fast in my life!" Sarah remarked.

Good for me, I actually made it that time.

