Still buzzing!

Author: WetSocks

*000*2014-10-24 07:35

So today at school, I finally got the chance to meet some old friends from last semester. It was a nice, cool day, so I wore dark jeans with forest green tights underneath, a grey T-shirt with a long-sleeve underneath, and my awesome green New Balances, nice and comfy. I didn't have to go too bad when I first got to the food court, so I got in line to get a burrito and a big Dr Pepper.

We all met up, ate and talked for about an hour or so, during which I refilled my drink once. I was starting to feel like I needed to pee, but I ignored it to hang out with my friends. As soon as I got up, though, the urge hit me some more, maybe a 6 out of 10. My car was all the way on the other side of campus, but I figured I could walk with them for a while and catch the bathroom on the way out there.

I was wrong.

Walking slightly behind my friends, I was taking a sip of my drink when I felt a sprinkling of warmth around my crotch. I looked down and my heart jumped.

"Oh shit, oh shit..."

"What? What's...oh."

When I first saw the wet spot, it was about the size of my fist and growing, but not super fast, the glistening that's indicative of active pee was starting to go away a little. But I think something happened in my mind, I forgot where I was, or my love of wetting took over. Almost as soon as my brain processed what I was looking at, there was a loud hissing sound, the loudest pee hiss I've ever heard, and the fist-size wet spot was suddenly a river, pouring down both legs. It was at my knees in an instant, then my shoes, then all in the grass. It lasted maybe 15 seconds, but did a lot of damage. Both legs were almost entirely soaked in the front, both my shoes were squishy with pee, even the bottom of my shirt was wet.

I had just completely soaked myself at school!

My heart was racing and my hands started to shake. I had wet myself in public before, but never at school, and never like this! My drenched microfiber tights under my drenched jeans and in my flooded shoes felt amazing, but I couldn't tell them that! I put one hand over my mouth and made a half-hearted groan.

"Are you okay?"

"Ummm, yeah...I'm fine..." I laughed nervously, still trying to figure out how I should feel. "My car is all the way across campus."

"Aww, no, you poor thing! We'll walk you there! We'll hide you!"

So they took positions around my front and sides to try to hide me. There were so many people walking around, there was no way they didn't see me. Even though my jeans were dark, it was like I had just taken a shower in all my clothes. It was slowly spreading like pee does, soaking my tights through and through first and then soaking my jeans from underneath. My shoes squished and bubbled warm pee with every step. The front of my jeans was getting uncomfortably tight as I thought about my soft, silky, and soaked toes swimming around in my shoes.

They talked normally while escorting me back to my car, while half the university must have seen me in all my wet glory as we walked between buildings and crossed main roads before we finally made it back to my car. Once there, I thanked them and apologized profusely for my accident. They said it was no problem at all, and told me that I should probably go to the bathroom first next time.

Maybe, but that was amazing! Probably the craziest, scariest, and most fun public wetting all in one. Certainly the wettest!

(Sorry I couldn't get a picture, I didn't want to seem like I did it on purpose or was enjoying it.)

