A few Short Experiences

Author: Empro

*000*2014-01-06 14:19

Hey Guys,

Just sharing a few short experiences I have had with desperation :)

1: This happened when I was working in the mall at coffee shop in the middle of one of the main walkaways. There was a toilet in front of us but the toilet sign was hard to see so people often had trouble finding it. Next to our shop there was a store map so you would often see people looking at the map then circling the store trying to fin the toilet. So this one day we weren't very busy and I was just watching the people walk by when a lady caught my eye. She was doing a weird shuffle kind of walk and looked quite worried. She approached the store directory and as she stopped to read it she crossed her legs tight. She then shuffled off again straight into the toilet and even stopped to cross her legs and bend forward when she thought no one was looking :)

2: I was out at the club one one night waiting in the toilet line when a girl walked in behind me with a seriously worried look on her face. She was clearly very desperate and kept on digging a finger or 2 into her crotch but she was doing it very quickly trying to be decreer, I really love when people try to be desecrate about there desperation, but unfortunately for me then line moved fairly quickly so I didn't get to see to much.

3: When I was 5 or so I had this friend who always wet her pants. her parents always had a couple of change of pants for her because it happened so often. Anyway I only remember her actually wetting her pants once because it was so long ago. We were playing at a soccer oval (our parents played soccer together) and we were running around when suddenly she stopped running and spread her legs apart and started forcefully weeing. I can clearly remember the shocked look on her face as she looked down at the torrents of pee that we coming for her skirt. She then looked at me and said 'hang on I just need some new undies'. Shame we aren't friends anymore ;)

