Some fun before the sun goes down...

Author: themerger

*000*2012-11-25 20:53

Hey y'all,

I first want to say a quick salutations! This is my first thread I have started here and will be sure it's not my last! I have been a wetting enthusiast since my early teens and am thrilled to find such a supportive and lively forum that offers a wealth of videos and pictures a well. Wetting is my primary love in this genre of "interest" that we all share here. Thus, I want to introduce myself with some fun that I am about to have!

With about an hour and a half of sunlight left, I am about to bike down to some public gardens near my university's campus to do some reading. What's different about this little visit though is that I am currently very desperate and can't imagine what it will be like in say 30 minutes. I am going to wear some light-grey skinny jeans (not very inconspicuous I know) and well, see what happens :)

I'll post the (potentially embarrassing) results tonight maybe with an accompanying picture of the damage ;)

Til then!

*001*2012-11-25 23:58

Report back!

So I took my bike to the top of a hill behind campus to catch the last bit of sun before it descended behind the bucolic Blue Ridge. I sat on a grassy knoll atop a mound made by construction vehicles. While I read, I stretched my legs out down the incline of the knoll and let bursts of pee gush into my pants. Since I was seated in a little indentation in the knoll, the warmth surrounded my butt and crotch, soaking the front of my pants. I peed for about 30 seconds, absolutely saturating my butt and crotch. All the while, walkers and drivers passed behind me and on the road about 30 yards away.

It was invigorating peeing so openly while people milled about around me. One man even came within about 50 feet of where I was sitting to admire the sunset. I continued reading without paying him mind and after a few minutes, he moved on. Though I didn't let pee streak down my legs, which would have been extremely obvious on my skinny grey jeans, it felt so clandestine wetting myself fully in public.

Anyone else have any public wetting experiences lately? Please share!

