How I made my former Girlfriend pee her pants

Author: sy3c82

*000*2015-10-13 16:25

Hi, since my story some days ago was attracting some of you, and I was asked about my erotical aspect of peeing my pants, i want to tell this story of mine, I had it in my mind since a few days, but i had to wait until today to get it public

The reason behind it, is that it happened exactly 14 years and a day ago, and in my eyes that means it is time-barred by today, and i can tell it.

Its the story how I made my former girlfriend wet her pants.

She was from germany, and we were together already a bit more than a year. I was already into desperation and peeing my pants and seeing a girl wetting herself made me feel totally horny. However, I could never manage to see a girl peeing her pants on purpose real since my childhood, and 14 years ago was more or less the time of 56k modems and telephone bills by bits and bytes, so my possibility to get videos was rather limited as a poor student.

So my main purpose was to find out, how i can make her pee her pants for me, and i was thinking about that already since we knew each other. I was way too shy to ask straight ahead, and it also wouldnt fit to a gentlemen to ask like "do you want to wet your pant for me, eyyyy"... nooo this would be bearish and not worthy for me. so I was thinking how i can do that, and the clou I found rather by fortune.

Since she was from Germany (and hopefully still is - even if it broke up 9 years ago i wish her the best and that all her wishes will be fulfilled) and I m from Austria, it was a distance relationship which meant, we met each other either on her or on my place every two or three weeks. Once, exactly 14 years and a day ago she was on my site, and it was in the morning, we were sharing a 1,5 sized bed, so it was rather cuddly together, but if you are in love, thats okay :). I woke up while she was still sleeping, and in that moment i got the perfect Idea. I thought about sexy wetting panties of her, and imagined it.

And of course, short after me, also my dick "woke up" and i got horny. Then i came close to her, and woke her up in the sexiest way i knew, and directly after she woke up, we made love very very intensively, and she was rather satisfied after it. That exactly was my purpose, because i knew, that she will ask something like "how did you get THAT hot???" and as i thought it was.

After she was asking that question i started to blush, and tried a bit understatement, like "well... dont know.... it was.... welllll.... well, am shy to tell".... and she was asking further, "come on, whats up, tell meee" and i dont know if the world lost a big actor in me, but for her it seemed to be enough roleplay skills, and after a few times back and forth talking i said... "i know, you will think its stupid, but i had the dream that we peed our pants together...." something in that kind, i will now spare you with further back and forth dialogues, you can imagine how it went out... I was totally excited about the answer, and then she said that we can try it...

What came immediately after, was a totally fail from my site. After a bit talking about it, she wanted to see me to do it. The issue was, that talking about it, made me horny again, i never thought i could re-load my dick within 10 minutes :) even in hot-fire mode ;) but it was errected like it almost never was before. But anyway, i had to try it, got up from the bed, and except some squirts, and some farts which leaded to another feeling which doesnt belong to this forum she recognized that it didnt make her horny to see me to wet her pants. Well: score, me vs. murphy 0:1.

She smiled to me, and told me, that she anway wants to try it but in the evening and not yet, since my parents were in the house, and we knew they would leave in the evening.

Score, me vs. murphy 1:1

The remaining day was like easter, christmas, birthday, bar mizwah, hanouka... you name it... together for me, i was so excited, and my gf was already angry with me because i could not stop talking this topic, so i took together all my senses and tried to came over the day. In the early evening, we went to the thermal bath close to my home, we used to be very naughty there especially in winter. If the air is cold outside, and the hot water in the pool, it makes a wonderful steam directly over the pool, where no one can see, so we did all possible naughty stuff within the pool, and it was just awesome. I leave it to your fantasy what we did :)

Driving back home was the worst thing for me in life, I knew my parents were not home anymore, and my gf didnt go to bathroom at the thermal springs anymore, so she told me that she already had to pee. I was sooo exciting, but of course we came home safe, and, as planned my parents were not home. We were sitting together in the living room watching TV; and after about 30 minutes she told me, that she wants to try it now. So we got up, and went to the corridor, she was wearing a black T-Shirt and a beige silk-like pant and white knickers. She stood there, and really tried hard, but she could not pee. We tried drinking warm water, and turning on the watertap in kitchen, but no chance.

I dont know how she managed it, but then it started to come out.... The Situation i was in is burnt in my mind, She was standing in the kitchen, i was kneeling in front of her, watching her crotch, my hands at her hips, and i saw the first drop coming out somewhere beside the pantie finding its way down the pant leg short before the stream was finding its way also trough the fabric of her pantie, making the crotch of her pant wet. It was not the total stream, but it was enough to make her pant good wet, but she stopped because she definetly didnt like it. But for me it was 1000 times heaven. I undressed her pants and touched her knickers, giving her a wonderful foreplay with my hand before we made out very very nice in the shower.

Final Score in that game me vs. murphy 10000000:1 total win :)

Unfortunately 9 years ago this relationship broke, not because of peeing the pants, despite she didnt like it and was not much in it, she respected that i like it, and sometimes she did it for me. In fact it was the last time a girl did it for me in reality.

Hope you like the Story, was my Intention good? how you would manage it?

​

