Desperation at basketball

Author: TJC

*000*2015-07-17 04:27

This is a story from when was in grade 12 . I volunteered to keep time at basketball games. There were usually two or three people, but today it was just me and this girl, ley's call her R. R was in grade 9 or ten. She was quite pretty with brown hair, and a slim build. She was wearing jeans and a T-Shirt. I had been waiting at the time clock table for about 45 minutes, just watching the teams warm up. Right abut then R shows up, with a cup of coffee from nearby coffee shop. She takes off her coat, sets her stuff aside and we chat for a bit. About five minutes before the game she asks our schools coach if she has time to pee, he looks at his watch and sais no. R looks worried as the she takes her seat as a score keeper. I realise I'm about to be in for some omo f un.

I was keeping time and doing the scoreboard, and R was recording stats on paper.The game starts with jump ball. As soon as one team got the ball I started the clock and the gam officially began. We both had to focus greatly on the game, because if one of us missed something, there was no way of going back. During the first half her signs weren't too bad. She shook her leg a bit, every few minutes she'd crotch grab, but nothing major. I was greatly aroused, witnessing that cup of coffee she enjoyed quickly filling her poor bladder.

After bout 35 minutes, it was half time. Half time lasted about five minutes. As officials, we couldn't leave, at the risk of one of us being late and delaying the game. R was getting desperate at this point, I could see a little bulge in her jeans from her rapidly filling bladder. She waited anxiously at the table for the half to be over. Her signs increased by this time, more crotch grabbing more leg shaking etc.

Halftime was over and the third quarter was under way. By now her bladder was really sore and beginning to affect her job. As often as she could she would try to use both hands to hold herself but she needed to record things every few seconds, making her only able to commit one hand to her poor bladder. Keeping stats was already a stressful job, doing it with a bursting bladder must have been hell. Her desperation didn't seem to grow too much in this quarter. The buzzer soon sounded as she was relieved she only had one more quarter of this agony.

Both teams got onto the quart after their in between quarter huddle and the fourth commenced. This quarter as unbearable for R. She had her one available hand clamped on her crotch. Her leg shaking was a full blown pee pee dance in the chair, fortunately the game as close so no one focused on her. Unfortunately, since the game was so close, coaches were often interrupting the game, calling time outs in hopes of coming up with strategies to outwit their opponents. This was torture for her. I could see a look of panic, annoyance and worry come on her face with every time out called. Meanwhile I was unbelievably horny seeing this, I could barely concentrate on my job. The time got down to a couple minutes, I could tell y R's body language she was getting anxious.

The last 2 minutes were brutal, because the game was so close the teams did the foul strategy. (That's when you're losing and you purposely foul the other team, in hopes of stopping the clock, them missing their free throws and you getting possession of the ball). R was practically crying at how the teams were practically torturing her, at how there was so little time separating her from sweet relief and yet these m were determined on making it last an eternity. After a well fought out game our team won with one point difference. as soon as the buzzer sounded R rushed for her sweet relief, and I ran home...To relieve myself of something a little different

Hope you enjoyed this story. If you have any advice on how to improve my writing please let me know, as I am hoping to improve my writing.

*002*2015-07-24 05:30

No. We were in different grades and therefore never really saw each other. I never saw her keep score at another game either.

