Unwanted wetting (+messing)

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2016-01-16 19:43

Hi!

Today, I had an accident I would like to share with you. I was wearing blue jeans, black rubbered snowboots, white panties, blue tshirt, black jacket and I had a backpack.

I went to visit one friend and I was coming back home. I decided to go by train. When I came to the train station, I was already a bit desperated, but the train was about to leave, so I decided to use toilet in train. When the train left the trainstation, I went to pee, but the toilet was out of order. Damm. I have to wait about an hour, because the train stops in every little station. I was getting more and more desperated, and my bladder started to hurt. When the train had about 15 minutes to my target station, I had a few drops leak. I really didn't wanted to wet myself there, luckily it couldn't be seen. As the longest 15 minutes of my live were going to the end, my bladder was about to explode and I was almost crying, when I had another leak, which was a bit visible.

When the train arrived, I wanted to run to the toilet, but I had to go slowly. Toilets at this small station are out of order since before I was born, so there are two mobile toilets near the platform. When I get to them, I had another leak and a big visible spot between my legs. I get in, locked the doors, sit on the toilet and let it all go. I also needed to poo, so as I started to pee, I made a huge fart, but I realised I haven't pulled my jeans down, so I jumped up and with almost full bladder and still peing, I was trying to undo my belt. But I was already stressed and crying so I couldn't do it and then even the diarrhea started.

When finally everything stopped and I calmed a bit down, I looked what have happend. My jeans were totaly wet, and the rest of the pee that wasn't absorbed by my jeans filled my snowboots. And the best, back of my jeans was brown, in my crotch and around my ass I had a diarrhea, flowing down my jeans into snowboots. I sat on the toilet and started crying. I like this way of peeing and messing, but not in public. As it was almost evening, I decided to wait about an hour until it will get darker and I could get home, hoping almost nobody will see it. I was sitting and crying there for about hour and half. Normally, I would propably spend it by fingering myself or something like that, but not this time. I even didn't tried to get the poo out of my jeans, because I was worried I will make it worse if I will pull my jeans down.

When it finally get dark, my jeans dried a bit, but they were still wet and my ass was brown and it smelt, so i quickly went home, going through forrest not to met any people. When I came home, I went straight to the bathroom and changed my clothes. Usually, I will pee in it again or do something else and be very horny, but not this time. It was propably because It have happend in public, I don't know. So I hope at least you will like it.

*006*2016-01-17 22:17

{{ 

Very humilitating, but still very interesting story. Unlickily you weren't wearing black pants that could hide your accident. Basing on my own experiences I fully understand your fear of walking back home with big stain on your jeans.

How long did you have to walk home? And how big was the mess and the damage? How much of your accident stayed in your panties and how did you manage with washing your jeans and - especially - boots? Were you able to save your clothes or did you just threw them away?

And keep your head up, this situation was very humilitating and full of stress, but luckily, you were able to escape with it, and avoid big public 'walk of shame'.

}}

I had to walk about 5 mins, but propably few more when I was going throught untraditional ways.

I was washing the shoes about five times in washingmachine and few times in hand, the rest of dirty clothes I throwed away.

