Did it in public!

Author: Vickypee

*000*2012-04-02 20:00

So after talking with millan a lot i really wanted to try wetting more in public instead of just at home. so saturday afternoon i drank lots of water and didnt go to the bathroom before going out with my bf for our date. i wore a loose black skirt and pink panties underneath with sandals and a tight top.

I drank more at dinner then we went walking outside at a big outisde mall thing and did some shopping in some of the stores. by then i was really desperate and fidgeting and sneaking a grab sometimes. my bf noticed and teased me a little and asked if i wanted a bathroom. i just winked at him and said no and kissed his cheek and took his hand and we moved to the next store.

We looked around some more while my need got worse and worse and i had to stop and cross my legs and squeeze and bend my legs a little and my bf just rolled his eyes and tried to hide his erection knowing i was showing off and teasing him. i got control and whispered to him that we should go back outside. so we left the store and walked some more outside. soon i was on the verge of leaking and had to stop again. bf asked if i was going to find a bathroom soon and i said maybe and kissed him and then we started walking again but i had to keep a hand in my crotch and take small steps and some people looked and a few pointed. it was embarrassing but turned me on a lot too and i was really aroused by then anyway.

I took us away from the crowds and into a place that wasnt as well lighted and decided it was now or never. i stopped walking, bent forward like i was holding hard (i was!) and gasped and my bf asked if i was ok. i let go some and let a pretty big leak out and gasped and told him i peed a little. he tried to get me moving again but i stayed still, took a deep breath, and decided to just do it. i said, "i can't walk. i can't hold it." i uncrossed my legs, pulled my skirt out of the way and let go, wetting hard through my panties and splattering on the sidewalk. i looked at bf and smiled and he turned red and just shook his head. i looked around and some people could see me but i don't know if they could see the pee or puddle.

After i finished i kissed bf and grabbed his hand and dragged him fast to the back of the parking lot, took off my soaking panties, dropped them on the ground by the car, then pushed him into the back seat and we had some hot quick sex in the car lol it was awesome. next time i want to try it a little more visible maybe, i dunno.

So thanks millan for the incouragement for me to try it. my bf and i thank you haha

*006*2012-04-05 20:09

{{ 

I agree with honkytonklagoon

, haha! Maybe he'll start to be into it, you never know!

}}

My bf? he is. ive posted stories. i mean he doesnt wet himself but he gets turned on when im desperate or wet :)

