Spending Valentine's Day With Me, Myself, and I

Author: Inactive

*000*2015-02-16 20:50

I ended up spending the day alone this Valentine's Day. A few days after I'd posted my experience with me and Brian, I found out he tried to kiss my best friend, so I had to break up with him. I've been though worse breakups than this, so I wasn't depressed for very long...just practically cried my eyes out the night we broke up, but I felt a little better afterwards. I've moved on from him, and we no longer talk.

It's not so bad being single on Valentine's Day. My family and I went out to eat lunch in the early afternoon, where I took the opportunity to have a few drinks. Afterwards, my parents and I came back home so they could get ready to leave for work. Before they left, I could already feel my bladder start to fill up from all the Dr. Pepper I drank during lunch.

While they were getting ready for work, I was doing some chores so I would have more free time that night. When I finished folding and putting away the laundry, I decided to do the dishes. Already, I was at a 5/10 and putting my hand under water made me squirm. Before long, I rose to a 6/10. Since my parents hadn't left yet, I had to keep still, which was difficult. When they left the kitchen, I took the opportunity to cross my legs until they came back into the room.

Finally, I finished washing a load of dishes and put another load in the water to soak while I took a 20 minute break. I sat down on the couch and spent the time watching TV. A few minutes later, I said goodbye to my parents as they left for work. Until 10, I would have the house to myself.

After they left, I went back to the kitchen to wash the next load of dishes. My legs were crossed the entire time in attempt to stop any leaking. It seemed to take forever to finish this load of dishes. When I finally finished, I felt like taking a break for a while so I could enjoy my desperation. I filled a glass of water and sat down at the computer to read desperation stories on here to pass the time. Half an hour passed, and my glass was empty. Pretty soon, I was fidgeting like crazy and was rising to a 7/10.

When I reached that point, I felt like having some fun, so I refilled my glass of water and ran to the bathroom. I stripped down to my panties, took a sip of my water, and sat down in the bathtub. I reached my hand down and ran my finger along the crotch of my panties, which felt a little damp from being turned on by the desperation stories I had been reading earlier. I slipped my hand into my panties and rubbed the wetness on my pussy. The pleasure made me let out a little moan, as well as a few drops of pee as the glass of water I'd had was starting to fill up my bladder even more. Before I knew it, I was at a 8/10. I drank more of my glass of water before I continued caressing the wetness of my pussy.

I gasped when I felt a leak about to escape. Interrupting my masturbation, I crossed my legs and held my crotch with both hands. As I quickly rose to a 9/10 I started squirming to keep from wetting my panties. When I got it under control, I slipped my hand back into my panties and slid two fingers into my pussy. As I fingered myself, I felt a leak escape and knew it wouldn't be long before it would all let loose. When I held my finger against my pee hole to keep from losing it, I got the idea to try one of my favorite things to do during pee play.

With my finger still resting against my pee hole, I relaxed for a couple of seconds. My stream tried to make its way out, but it was blocked by my finger. A few more seconds later, I released my finger, and a spurt came gushing out. I repeated this process, slowly emptying my bladder. My panties got wetter and wetter and finally I just relaxed and let it all out while caressing the crotch of my soaked panties.

After I'd emptied my bladder, I put my hand back into my panties and continued to finger myself. Before long, the pleasure was bringing me close to orgasm. The sensation was building and I was moaning from pleasure. I rubbed harder and finally I felt the rush through my body and I was moaning loudly as I climaxed. When the feeling died down, I stood up and stripped off my wet panties. I dried off with the towel, then changed into a fresh pair of panties and put my clothes back on.

I decided to finish my chores, then afterwards I sat down at the computer and read more desperation stories. As I was reading, I got the feeling that I had to pee again. So I stood up, relaxed, and soaked my jeans. I sat down, enjoying the feeling of my wet jeans for a couple of hours. When it was almost time for my mom to be home from work, I quickly changed into a new pair of pants.

*005*2015-02-17 23:10

{{ 

Hey, great story, Gibby! You had me at "full attention" when you began to rub your pussy around the 8/10 mark. Wet panty masturbation is always fun to read about. Do you usually prefer your method of blocking your pee hole and letting little spurts go, finishing by a deliberate emptying of your bladder, or would you most often rather hold your pee until you lose control? Which way leads to more intense orgasms? Both ways sound like fun.

I also liked that you soaked your jeans. A fitting reward for your hard work of holding earlier, and no doubt a consequence of all the fluid you'd drunk and the exhaustion of your urinary sphincter, poor thing.

}}

I get a better orgasm when using the method of letting out little spurts, but holding it until I lose control is a great turn-on for me as well :)

I'm glad you all enjoyed!

