Once Upon a Starry, Wet Summer Night

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-08-21 18:16

There was only about fifteen minutes of awkwardness between us. It was gone the moment Dylan jumped up on one of the beds and said: "I can't stand it anymore, I have to pee my pants!" He groped his crotch and proceeded to do just that, and you could have knocked me over with a feather. I felt like I just literally melted...into a big glob of pink goo with Xs for eyes. It was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen in my life, to that point, and I was so overwhelmed I could hardly breathe. I don't remember my feet touching the floor; I just seemed to glide over the cheap hotel carpet and right to him. 

And then I was holding him, wrapping as much of myself around him as I could, feeling his hot pee soak into my top and even my padded bra and into my jeans. I looked up at him with all the adoration in the world and asked him: "Is it okay?" I was not specific about what I was asking to do, but somehow, he knew. He stroked my hair and looked down at me with the same love and nodded. "Yes." Lustily, I buried my face in his warm, wet crotch, and sucked his pee from his jeans as it still rained down from his cock. He undid them, and let me drink him through his underwear. Drinking made me remember I was just as desperate to pee as he'd been, and gently I prodded him to lie on the bed so I could straddle him. I kissed him passionately and wet my jeans just as passionately, re-wetting him, and getting his belly and chest all wet. He was delighted. It was the beginning of something wonderful.

*005*2012-08-24 19:13

@footedsleeper-

No, I did not ask them for protection, though I probably should have. We brought our own, and it ended up failing on us.

*007*2016-06-25 16:47

{{ 

13 hours ago, alexwbj said:

The way you wrote that is so erotic. I'd call it electric.

}}

Thank you, but truthfully, words don't exist to describe the first time someone pisses themselves just for you...well, that's not even the right way to say that, he did it for himself, too, but it was the first time I'd experienced that, and it was magical.

