A couple of past experiences...

Author: Kei

*000*2014-06-24 10:06

Experience #1:

Back when I was in high school, I had my first boyfriend. And he introduced me to a lot of things, in regards to sex and fetishes.

While I had enjoyed desperation since I was a child, I'd never really done anything with anyone until I was with him. It took him some coaxing – okay, maybe pleading... –, but I finally agreed to wet myself for him on a day when my mother wouldn't be home.

I had a schoolgirl uniform and put that on; the skirt would make for the best view~

I drank a lot of water, several bottles. We were in my bedroom playing video games and it wasn't long before I couldn't stay still. I squirmed and wiggled a lot and made a lot of noises – I love both hearing and making desperate noises and whines.

Once I felt a few leaks, we went into the bathroom. I climbed into the shower/bath – we wanted easy clean-up – and continued to struggle and hold. I was louder now, and it was almost painful to keep holding. But better than the pain was the arousal. I was really, really loving it at this point. I bent over a lot to show him the wet spot spreading on my panties.

When I knew I couldn't last much longer, my boyfriend laid down in the bathtub. A few leaks dripped down onto him. And when I couldn't stop any of the drips from coming out, I squatted over his chest and just let go. It felt like I peed for minutes and minutes. It felt amazing.

To this day, it's one of only two times when I've really, fully indulged in my love for omorashi. I think if I had a partner now, I'd definitely dive right back in again.

Experience #2:

I did sex work for a while a few years ago. And I had one client that was into pee. [isn't it great when your work is something you love? ;)]

A few times, I sold him bottles of my pee. He was really surprised the first time, by how much I had produced in just one go. He actually asked me if I'd faked it/watered it down... ! But I had just made sure to drink a lot and not go until I was absolutely bursting.

And one time, he wanted to see me pee.

We drove out to a local park in the middle of the night. I had been drinking all night prior, and was even still nursing a bottle of water on the drive there. I was using one hand to hold the seat belt away from my bladder so I wouldn't end up wetting myself in the car and ruin his upholstery. I urged him to drive faster, because I was steadily leaking by this point.

Once we parked the car amid some bushes, I jumped out of the car. I was wearing a short skirt and was rubbing my bladder bulge, waiting for him to get out of the car and come see me. I asked him if I could go, and he said yes. I exhaled – it was practically a moan – in relief and immediately spread my legs. I relaxed my muscles and a torrent poured out of me. I closed my eyes and trembled with how good it felt to finally empty my bladder. And being in a public place just added another layer of thrill to everything.

In the end, it was a lot of fun, and I even got some ~compensation~ for it. ;)

