[FtM Trans*] First Real Accident!

Author: PrincelyDesire

*000*2013-10-28 23:30

This one is shorter than my last two, but this just happened last night!

So, I had my first actual wetting accident, and it was in bed. I didn't totally empty my bladder, as I didn't have any preparations for such an event and I don't have a mattress protector. But I was dreaming...and I dreamt that at some point, I was desperate and needed the washroom. I managed to slip away from my family and went to the bathroom. It was so vivid, I could feel everything! And the release felt great. And next thing I know, I was waking up, feeling the hot flow of my piss pouring out of my and running over my legs and ass as I laid on my side. I immediately clamped to stop it. But I left a fairly big spot and my pants were soaked. I gripped my crotch and started to rub off - was insanely turned on, but, if I did that, I was liable to fall back asleep and totally empty my bladder. So I got up and grabbed a towel, laid it on my bed, changed my pants, and went back to bed. I, of course, got off before I fell back asleep.

But it was very first real accident! It was absolutely exhilarating and I loved it!

*003*2013-11-05 01:39

{{ 

Sounds like so much fun! Wetting the bed really is the ultimate in losing control, there's literally nothing you can do about it until/unless you wake up :D very hot!

}}

{{ 

Wow. That sounds exhilarating.

}}

Thank you! ^^ It was very hot indeed, hehe.

