Middle of the night, couldn't be bothered PJ wetting

Author: enigma-D

*000*2014-07-09 14:36

So just a quick story from the other night....

It was late in the night, probably early morning like 3am, I'm not sure of the time exactly.

I had been asleep in bed for probably a few hours.

It was a warm night making it awkward to sleep. I awoke feeling the usual feeling in my bladder, needing to pee a reasonable amount.

I lay there tossing and turning, thinking "I'll just go back to sleep, I can hold it till morning".

This goes on for what feels like forever, trying to ignore the feeling that was there, that was getting stronger the more i lay there, unable to return to my slumber.

Eventually I gave in to the heavy feeling in my bladder and decide I should probably go pee.

All I think at that time was "I really can't be bothered with this, so annoyed" (My bedroom is upstairs and the bathroom is downstairs).

Then I get out of bed into my pitch black room and standing near the edge of my bed I have a thought I haven't had in a long time "Why don't I just pee myself". I mean i couldn't be bothered to go all the way downstairs and it was too hot to sleep, why not?

I stood there in the pitch black, I grabbed myself and slowly relaxed.

Surrounded by darkness unable to see a thing, I could just feel... I could feel warm wetness fill my hand and spread its warmth down the legs of my blue PJ pants. It spread around my genitals and all the way down my legs soaking the thin material.

Turns out there was not as much pee as i thought and finished quicker than I expected.

The only sense I had was the feeling of the damp material clinging to my legs and the dampness all over my lower half.

I forgot how good it could feel and how turned on it could make me, especially with that as I came to my senses i realised that a bulge had grown in my PJ's also.

Now knowing I would still probably not sleep, I climbed back into bed and enjoyed the feeling of wetness around me, and enjoyed the turn on of it all. I then took care of the bulging situation in my pants ;)

And finally after all this...blissfully went back to sleep :)

Well its not much of a story but I hope some of you enjoy it :)

