School Desperation Sightings (Teachers)

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-04-25 15:31

In my college, lots of desperation and wetting happens. Here are some wettings and desperations i saw. On Teacher Desperation is desperation and on Teacher Wetting is wettings.

Teacher Desperation

My third period teacher Ms.D (we call her Diana) has been drinking a lot since the AC was out. All teachers have the same bathroom rule. Go before of after but not during class. After about 10 or 15 minutes in class, I heard her rolling chair moving around constantly. I realized she was was fidgeting.

Diana's legs were crossed and jiggling up and down swiftly. She was fidgeting so much that her chair rolled out and Diana almost fell off; as that happened we all heard her gasp as she held her crotch

20 minutes past shortly and she started looking at the clock frequently. Soon she got a phone call and she jumped when it rang. "Hello," Diana picked up the phone with her hand near her groin. "I have a package down stairs?" She questioned, still on the phone. "I have to get it?" Suddenly her hand "slipped" onto her crotch.

Diana hung up and got up slowly. She went to the white board and wrote on the board the answers to the math test we were doing.

She must have been really desperate to wee considering she didn't go down to get her own package. Diana's legs started were crossed as she wrote the answers. She clearly couldnt stand still.

Ms.D put the paper on her stool next to her and hand her left hand on her crotch as her right writing. "Okay i really have to go i cant hold it," she had her hands between her thighs and legs crossed. Diana looked at the clock and bit her lip.

She bent down as she walked around the class. Diana stopped at the table in front of me where Connie was absent. She had her left hand on the table, right on her groin and legs crossed. Suddenly she started bouncing with at yellow drop on the floor. Diana staggered and went to the phone and called someone to watch the class. A guard came as she walked to the bathroom hand on her groin.

Another sighting was with my art teacher Ms.Cay or Ms.C. As we entered the room she seemed desperate. Legs crossed, hand on groin, biting lip. Cay asked a student to pass out the artwork we were working on two days ago.

She kept walking around the class with her hands on her thighs. Cay let out a huge sigh of frustration a few times. She rushed us to finish and ignored some students when they asked for help with the material. I asked for help and she came like a model crossing legs when walking.

When i spoke, she moved foot to foot holding onto her crotch a few times for a short second. "Are you okay?" I asked her. "Yes," she replied with her crotch on the point of my table. The bell rang and she hurried us out and she herself headed to the bathroom

Teacher Wetting

Mrs.Erén never is desperate. However, today is her new day.

Mrs.E has also been drinking since the AC Broke. However, a bit too much. After 20 minutes 3rd period started, she started bouncing up and down. Mrs.E is a dirty blonde like me, creamy skin. Wearing white jeans with a yellow blouse with white details on it.

She assigned us math homework and asked us to take it out. Mrs.E was reviewing it on the board and she started to bend down frequently. As we checked, someone knocked on the door. It was Mariebelle, a teacher. Mrs.E went to here and whispered "I have to wee! I cant make it in 1 hour!" Most of us heard. Her legs were crossed and hand her hands between her thighs.

"How long have you been holding it?" Mariebelle asked.

"I dont know, since last class. But it was urgent." The whispers grew louder. After a while, Mariebelle left and Mrs.E came in hands on crotch. She said we'll finish checking later and she sat pressing down on her crotch. A few drops came out (did I mention I have strong ears?)

PART 2 COMING SOON

*003*2015-04-30 21:13

Thanks! Sorry to keep u in agony, but I had no time to continue so I'll write the rest of the sighting I saw!

*006*2015-06-08 14:35

{{ 

Pretty sure this should be in the fiction section.

}}

Lol ive been thinking that too! this is true though. In my school many people had accident because of its strict rules.

