Intense and amazing desperation

Author: Jarvis Langley

*000*2013-11-19 10:32

This happened awhile ago, bout five days ago or so, but I remember it quite vividly cos it was a really intense experience and it was completely brilliant. So, since some people took an interest in my last experience I posted (yay!), I figured I'd share this one too! Took awhile to actually get this written up properly, as Kierstyn has got me sucked back into Guild Wars 2 lately, but I really wanted to share it.

As these things often start, it started with talking to Kierstyn (aka KayLeigh here, my long-distance girlfriend and dominant) on Skype when I realised I was more than a little in need of a pee. My sinuses were really wonky and congested that day (either I was coming down with something or my allergies were just really acting up), and I'd had to take my rather strong prescription painkillers to get rid of the nasty headache I'd gotten from that. Said painkillers are narcotics and really dry my mouth out like crazy when I have to take them, especially since I'd ingeniously taken them on an empty stomach, so I was guzzling both soda and water like nobody's business. So, it really didn't take long before I had to pee rather badly.

Since I need Kierstyn's permission to go whilst talking to her, I mentioned that I really needed to pee and asked if I could be allowed. Her response was to ask me why I should be allowed to go, which I realised I couldn't think of any reasonable answer to. I enjoy being made to hold, which I knew she was aware of, and of course I knew she enjoys denying me as well. The only possible excuse I could think of was so that I could get something to eat as well, but since I was even lazier than I was hungry and just couldn't be arsed to get up for that if I wasn't going to be using the loo on the way, that wasn't going to work. So, she said I could wait.

Not even an hour later, maybe 45 minutes, I was already getting desperate and having quite a bit of difficulty holding still. The need to pee was getting worse quickly, and it wasn't slowing down since I was still really thirsty and still drinking a lot. As I started whining and squirming, she ordered me to stand up, and to stand straight with no squirming or holding myself.

Standing always makes the need feel worse for me, and I was having to gnaw my lip a lot and concentrate on making myself be still. The caffeine from all the sodas made my bladder feel very twingey and urgent in that position, and I started pleading to be allowed to sit back down again. For some reason, it somehow seemed like a good idea to offer to chug the remaining half of the bottle of water I was drinking and get more, in exchange for being allowed to sit, so I suggested that since she seemed keen on keeping me drinking anyway. She agreed, and I did so.

A short while later, as I couldn't keep myself from mentioning the need again, she asked if I was having trouble thinking about anything but peeing. When I admitted I kind of was, she proceeded to link me an hour and a half long Youtube video of the sound of running water, along with a sly comment to enjoy it. Now I definitely couldn't think about anything else. Running water always drives me crazy when I need to pee and makes it so much more difficult to stand it. I was already at the point of continually fussing with my jeans trying to make them not be so uncomfortably tight over my bladder, which was running out of room to expand in them even though they're usually rather loose on me.

Naturally, Kierstyn then started talking about how wonderful it would be when I'd eventually be allowed to pee, taking advantage of my overly vivid imagination to describe how it would feel in detail as I shivered and whimpered...the sound that the video was already invoking the thought of, the amazing relief, how badly I needed it whilst helpless to do anything but continue to need it worse as I kept filling further without being allowed to go. It was driving me completely mad thinking about it...and admittedly making me more than a little hot and bothered. I both desperately wanted to be allowed to go for what I'm sure would've already been a completely orgasmic pee, and yet almost as desperately wanted to keep being denied despite it.

I was getting extremely squirmy and restless, and she had to keep reminding me to sit straight, keep my legs apart, not grab myself. It got even more difficult to not do so when she ordered me to massage my fingers into my bladder, and I was rapidly losing the ability to even think anymore beyond the endless loop of 'need to pee need to pee' cycling over and over. At my failing coherence, she slyly asked me if there was 'something up'...and I reluctantly admitted to no small amount of embarrassment that there was.

I was then ordered to stand again, though I was allowed to twist up and hold myself this time, which I of course immediately did since I was dying to by that point. She asked me if I still had another bottle of water left from when I got more, which I did, and she ordered me to pour a bit of that water over my lower stomach. Even thinking about doing it made me shudder, as it was extremely sensitive from being swollen and stretched around my painfully full bladder, and actually doing it made me shudder all the more and feel grateful I was allowed to be twisted up. The AC in my room had made the water slightly cold, and the sensation of cool wetness trickling teasingly over my skin and chilling it as the dampness slowly dried made the need to pee feel so extremely worse that I couldn't help whimpering.

And of course that wasn't even the worst she was going to make me do—she next told me to pour another bit of water over my crotch. That was all kinds of maddening, feeling water that felt freezing in comparison on a part of me that was throbbing and overly-sensitive with the pressure of what felt like an ocean of pee straining behind it, jeans now tauntingly wet directly where I'm sure my body very much wanted to make them itself. I think I might've actually leaked a slight bit from the sensation combined with the running water I was still listening to, though I couldn't be sure.

And she still wasn't finished torturing me with that. I next had to stand up straight again, legs apart, hand pressing gently on my bladder, and pour water on my crotch a second time. It took me awhile and great difficulty to straighten myself out and very reluctantly pull my hand away from where it had clamped down stranglingly tight, where my now beyond desperate need to pee insisted it needed to stay. It was a struggle to obey, but I did. I needed to obey my dominant, and as utterly tortuous as it was following her orders, I absolutely was loving every second of the torture.

I immediately doubled over again and locked my knees together reflexively at the sensation of the water and the spike in urge it caused, and I had to fight to resume even more precariously keeping myself straight. I felt certain that I was going to explode, and I started begging to at least be allowed to sit again, to be allowed to twist back up, anything, as I could barely even stand it anymore. I couldn't remember ever having to pee so extremely badly, and I was sure that the need was worse than it'd ever been before and that I had to be holding so ridiculously much by then. I couldn't think, couldn't do anything beyond begging and pleading and whimpering with progressively less coherence till all I could manage was simply frantically repeating how desperately I needed to pee as if that would somehow achieve anything.

Mercifully, I was allowed to sit again after what felt like an eternity of begging (it was actually about six minutes), though even the action of sitting down was painful from the way the movement compressed my bladder for a second, and I still felt about to explode. I was shaking and panting and whimpering, and my eyes were watering from the strain. I felt like I didn't even have enough room around all the pee trapped inside me to even breathe more deeply than panting. My hand shot to my crotch again, and it was only afterwards that I thought to ask if I was allowed to hold myself. I wasn't. Removing that hand was a struggle and a half, but I made myself do it. I begged to be allowed to pee, couldn't stop myself from shamelessly continuing to beg for it over and over even though it was getting me nowhere. I NEEDED TO PEE. NEEDED.

My eyes were drawn to the collection of empty water bottles I had on my desk that I'd been too distracted to tidy up. There were about five of them there, 500mL bottles, and a sixth was almost empty. Enough to pee the entire flood I was holding into them without running out of bottles, probably with a couple to spare. It was SO fucking tempting. Usually I'm shy about peeing in bottles and am reluctant to do it, not to mention I knew I probably wasn't allowed, but god was it ever tempting. Feeling my willpower crumbling thinking about it, I made myself mention to Kierstyn what I was wanting to do.

She told me I was allowed to fill one bottle. Just one. Half a litre when I was sure I was holding at least a couple of litres. I seriously doubted I'd even be able to make myself stop after that, and she repeated that I was only allowed the one...so, if I couldn't stop, I'd be out of luck and end up making a mess since that was the only bottle I was allowed to use. I was so completely crazed with needing to pee that I couldn't turn it down regardless, even though I knew one bottle most definitely wouldn't be enough to even feel relieving. I pounced on the offer.

The need to pee was so painful by that point that I had to take a couple of deep breaths to even start, then it was gushing hard into the bottle and filling it way too fast. I started to panic as it quickly neared full, so much pee still bulging in my bladder and wanting—needing—to be let out. The bottle started to overflow as I clenched and curled up, trying to stop and not even able to slow down, and I had to grab myself and squeeze tightly to slow it to a trickling leak. It took over half a minute of strangling and tightening up before I finally managed to fully stop and keep holding the rest without leaking, but miraculously I somehow managed it. It was unbelievably painful. My bladder was tight and throbbing and still extremely full even after letting that much out, now feeling twice as much like it was going to explode instead of feeling any better. Filling one bottle hadn't helped at all. It hadn't even made a difference.

But that was all I was allowed for the moment. I tucked back into my jeans and zipped them back up to help convince myself to obey and not just immediately use the remaining bottles, and I found that I couldn't even quite get the zipper all of the way back up since I was still so full. My bladder was cramping up, and I had the distinct feeling I didn't have very long before I'd have to let the rest out for the safety of my organs, though I had to try my best. I mentioned this so she knew, and she told me I was to use the bottles when I had to give in, which I wanted to do anyway as I badly wanted to know just how ridiculously much pee it all was, and it'd have been far too difficult to move to get myself to the toilet at that point anyway.

I managed to make it 15 minutes longer of panting and whimpering and squirming and going mad before I felt that I had to give in. When I made the decision to pee, my mind jumped ahead of me, and for the first time ever I actually started peeing before I'd even gotten myself out again, having to frantically rush to unzip and aim into the second bottle only just barely in time before the stream completely went full-force. Once again I completely couldn't stop for anything, fumbling quickly with switching bottles the instant each one filled, trying and failing to not get some of it on the floor as I did so. I couldn't even make myself care that I was making a bit of a mess in the process. It felt so orgasmic to finally let go that I couldn't help moaning.

All in all, when I was finally, gloriously empty, relieved and numb and shaky with euphoria, I'd filled nearly five bottles...and that wasn't even counting what had gotten on my jeans and on the floor. About 2½ litres, judging by that, the most I've ever measured. Bloody hell. I felt exhausted, and my lower stomach was still sore and tender from needing to pee that insanely badly. I felt so dazed that all I could do was just sit slumped bonelesly in my chair for a moment, panting and moaning and completely melted into a giddy puddle.

I was also really fucking turned on, and when I filled Kierstyn in on what had happened, I found I definitely wasn't alone in that. There was some further fun afterwards, though that's for just the two of us to know. ;)

Hope you enjoyed reading about this experience (even if it was excessively long to read cos of all the details)! I definitely enjoyed writing it!

*005*2013-11-21 01:14

{{ 

Glad to see another post from you, thanks for writing up another experience :D

}}

{{ 

Personally, i love details... it makes it all so much better, and real, and individual.

Thanks to both you and KayLeigh for making this happen, and then sharing it with us !

}}

Aaah, you're welcome and thanks to both of you! Glad you enjoyed it!

{{ 

It was crazy amazing xD You know the rules for next time ahahaha

}}

Eheheh, indeed I do. XD I don't doubt you're gonna manage to get me wet again somehow. If anybody can manage the impossible, it's you!

And it was indeed so crazy amaaazing~ <3

