My sister peed her pants

Author: Amy1981

*000*2012-08-10 08:03

My sister is mildly mentally handicapped but has been out of diapers since she was about 6 but still has "accidents". Today we were horsing around when I went to visit with her (she lives in an assisted living group home). The one care aide that works there's name is Joanne (she cant say Joanne so calls her "Nan"). She was on duty today, but she's the strict one. She even scares me a bit, but my sister mostly likes her. Anyway, while I was visiting with her today she started doing the potty dance (crossing her legs, tugging on her pants, holding her crotch, sitting on her heel of her foot, bending over, etc). She REALLY had to go but kept insisting that she "didn't have to pee right now" and "dont tell Nan". I kept telling her she was going to pee her pants if she didn't go to the toilet "RIGHT NOW" to which she kept telling me "I dont have to go pee".

She's been in a bit of a power struggle phase right now and doesnt like to be told what to do. I get it... she is told when to wake up, when to eat, when to have quiet time, when to go to bed. Her days are completely structured but the one thing she decides is if she goes to the toilet and when because nobody can MAKE her go.

She started to pretend I wasn't there and ignored my presence completely and started playing with a chunk of lego while bouncing in her chair, crossing her legs and otherwise trying to postpone using the bathroom. I told her if she didn't go, I was going to tell Joanne that she needed the bathroom but was refusing to go. She got mad and told me "No. Dont tell Nan. I dont have to go pee I said". Honestly, if I did rat her out, she would have been scolded for not using the toilet and chances were at that point that by the time I got anyone, she was going to have wet her pants and I thought it was kinda funny that she was denying it and yet obviously holding on, so I waited and watched.

It wasn't long before the flood gates couldn't handle it anymore and she completely lost control. It seemed like she was peeing for 5 minutes! She was sitting on the edge of her chair, trying to stop the steady stream, but to no avail. I probably shouldn't have, but I looked at her and said "t told you to go to the bathroom and now look. You've peed your pants". She flipped and says "I didn't pee my pants!". Total denial. I didn't think that was going to work on Joanne. There was a HUGE puddle under her chair, Her pants were totally soaking wet. She started to cry (I think because she knew she was going to get in trouble and probably grounded for the rest of the day). I just shook my head, laughed a bit and went and got Joanne and told her that my sister needed her (but didn't tell her why).

When Joanne came, you could see she was annoyed. Its not like she doesn't pee herself fairly regularly. She wears Depends when she goes out and at night. My sister immediately tried to tell her that she spilled water (there was no water anywhere near her) and that I was lying and she didn't pee her pants. Joanne told her that I didn't say anything and she immediately started to cry. Haha, busted. They've been doing this thing with her lately when she wets her pants, they get her in dry pants, ask her "where does pee belong?" and then "practice" going to the bathroom 10 times (taking her to the accident scene, walking her to the toilet, having her pull down her pants, sit on the toilet for 30 seconds, wipe, pull her pants back up and start over) and then put her in a "time out" for 10 minutes. She does know.

I hate to say but I did get a bit of a kick out of watching this play out. It was kinda fun to watch her holding herself and waiting for her to pee herself. But next time it'll be my turn. Amy

*003*2012-08-10 12:07

No, I most certainly wasn't laughing at her but more the irony and like laughing to myself that I couldn't believe she was pulling this and the situation and how one minute we're having a good visit and the next we're "arguing" about using the bathroom and I kinda thought "why do I bother?" and just pretend I dont notice and save the arguement and let her get herself in trouble. That and I was nervous and a bit embarassed. She knows better than to wet her pants. She knows when she needs to go but doesn't and she knows what happens if she doesn't go and has an accident. It doesn't happen super often, but maybe 2 or 3 times a month. 

She was power struggling and the humor I found was more in the fact of "really??" She has the capacity of about a 10 yr old (mentally - she's 18). And honestly power struggling with Joanne I find in itself kinda funny because she is really strict and structured and I just think "are you crazy? of all the people you decide to pick a battle with, you pick her???" Really, it was funny but I was by no means setting her up (quite the contrary).

