Girlfriend Wets in the Park

Author: basswiz

*000*2012-11-22 05:37

Well this is my first post but I figured i would share with you an experience I had not too long ago with my (now ex) girlfriend.

It started out with just a normal night of going to the movies. She had playfully hinted that she had to pee before we left the house, but i didn't think anything of it. About 45 minutes into the movie i start seeing her moving around a little bit, and, playing into it, i whispered to her, "does someone have to pee?" She obviously answered by whispering some seductive things into my ear, immediately giving me an erection, which she noticed and decided to play with for a couple seconds until looking back at the movie, pretending nothing had happened. Near the end of the movie i could really see that her need was growing. As we were leaving the theatre i could see her being very deliberate in her movements, so as not to create any unwelcome wet patches. It wasn't until we got to the car that things started turning for the better.

She was wearing a tight white shirt and short jean shorts, which definitely added to her appeal as she sat in the passenger seat holding herself. She began playfully toying with me, claiming how badly she had to pee, holding herself seductively, obviously noticing the bulge she was creating. As we neared her house i asked her, "how far do you plan on going with this?" to this she took my hand, put it into her shorts for me to feel her very damp orange lace panties. "that far" she said, causing me to immediately turn and head for the park about 5 minutes from her house. 

On the way she started touching herself, and more than once almost lost control in the car. As we pulled into the park, a very wooded area, it was nearing dark, not that it would have mattered, as it was empty, as it most always is. She got out of the car and took her shorts off as i got out and she tried to wet her panties for me. (this was her first time, although we'd always wanted to) Even after me fingering her and several minutes, she couldn't let it go. This was when we got scared, as cops frequently patrolled the park after dark, as the park closed at sundown. So chalking this up as a failure, we got back in the car and headed for home, although her shorts stayed off. As we left, she put her hand in her panties and started moaning, claiming how she still wanted to cum from being so aroused. Unfortunately, if she had an orgasm in the car, she might lose control. so we circled the neighborhood and finally she forced me to drive back to the park, much to my excitement.

Again we got out we began making out while i was leaned up against the car, my hand in her panties getting her closer and closer. she began panting and her eyes closed in ecstasy as she said, "im gonna pee, baby, oh im gonna pee" all of a sudden the floodgates opened and she began soaking her panties and she immediately came all at the same time, to the point where she couldn't talk and she eventually moaned so loud i had to quiet her down.The pee had soaked her panties completely and was still falling down her legs a bit and hitting the ground beneath her. when she was done she immediately got on her knees, unzipped my pants, and put my hard dick in her mouth, and, due to what had just happened, it didn't take long until i shot my load into her mouth and she swallowed it completely.

We then got out of there as soon as possible, the threat of the police still in our minds. We walked into her house (her wearing no underwear under her shorts) and greeted her family as if nothing had happened, although we both knew it had been an amazing night, its safe to say that this was one of the best experiences of my life.

*005*2012-11-24 06:13

A couple of times over skype she would hold and wet for me, but never anything as good as this

