Peed my pants in Target. :D

Author: WetSocks

*000*2013-03-10 02:54

So today, I was really bored, so I had to get out of the house and do something. It was one of those days where I was so bored I had to do something, but I had no idea what I want to do. I put on black Denizen jeans, a black Halo T-shirt, my orange hoodie, rainbow socks, and since I was feeling cute and adventrous, my totally amazing tiger slippers. I drove around for a while, then ate at IHOP. I had been drinking soda and stuff all day, and I had more with my meal at IHOP, so of course I had to pee after a while.

After leaving IHOP, I went to the nearby Target to look around for socks and tights, and stuff for my new apartment. I was getting compliments left and right on my slippers and socks, which made me really happy. ^_^ I noticed I had to pee enough to want to go to the bathroom soon, but after a few minutes of browsing, I had a much better idea. I was looking through the tights they had on clearance, which were on an endcap where I would be facing the main aisle, but hidden from view. Not only that, I hadn't had a good public wetting in a while, so I figured now was a good time as any to have one.

So, I put my feet together, balled up my fists and started peeing! It was so warm and happy, even as I kept looking left, right, front, and back to make sure no one was coming! I wasn't super wet, although my jeans were wet all the way down to my slippers (but somehow the slippers weren't wet ). My socks were also pretty wet, and the bottom of my shirt even got a little wet! The excitement tingled throughout my body as I saw that I was wet. Shyly, I slowly came out from behind the sock section and continued to browse, going from the legwear section through the men's clothing and electronics, then to the housewares section.

Strangely, even though I was pretty soaked and the wetness still hadn't stopped shining yet, no one said anything to me about being all wet. I was actually still getting compliments on my slippers and socks! Feeling empowered, I decided to go to the registers and buy an energy drink before I left, just so more people would see my wetness. But still no one seemed to notice or say anything, so I left Target, wet and electrified.

Hope you guys enjoy the story! ^_^

*005*2013-03-10 21:39

Here are a couple of crappy cell phone pictures I took last night after I peed myself once or twice more...finally ending up getting my slippers wet. ^_^

Hope you guys like them!

