Wet the bed when I woke up this morning

Author: CaptainCranberry

*000*2015-09-08 12:39

I decided last night I was going to wet the bed when I got up this morning. If I could, I'd wet, then go back to sleep in it.

When I woke up this morning (hours before my alarm of course), dad was about to leave and mom had yet to wake up. It took a while to get my body to let go. For some reason I wasn't very comfortable and I hadn't slept well. However, after a minute or so, I was able to finally let go and pee myself in bed.

It felt pretty good laying in bed under the blanket peeing myself. It was relaxing but I wanted more than just to wet the bed. I wanted to sleep in it. Unfortunately, no such luck. I laid there on my back, I flipped over onto my side, my stomach, but I couldn't get back to sleep. Once I'm up, I'm up and summoning the will to pee myself was enough to wake me up it seemed. I had no choice but to lay there waiting for mom to get up, get ready and leave before I could wash the sheets (and later the blanket, comforter and pillow).

As you can see from the attachment, it was quite a lot. Some got on the pillow cases, there's some pee on the blanket and the ad-hoc mattress pad I threw together last night out of some trash bags and packing tape proved insufficient, as there's a couple of faint stains on my mattress (one right under where my midsection was, one off to the side where I wasn't able to get the cover to reach all the way). Usually they hold up but I lacked the full supplies (extra bags and duct tape) to make a fully leak-proof cover that covers the whole bed. I've considered buying a real absorbency pad or even diapers but to be perfectly honest, this incident kinda turned me off bedwetting for a little bit (though I have to be honest with myself, I will in all likelyhood wet the bed on purpose again at some point). That and I don't know the first thing about brands, nor do I have that much money to spend on pads or diapers.

*003*2015-09-08 15:44

Yeah, I went to bed with a full bladder just so I could wet the bed in the morning.

