About a girl I was with...

Author: Jodan

*000*2015-01-18 08:48

A couple of years ago I dated a girl for a short while. I'll call her Amanda for these purposes, though obviously that's not her real name. We got along great as friends, but once we started dating we found out, as many couples do, that we really didn't have much in common. We disagreed on a lot of things and fought constantly, so it broke off after just a few months. She moved. Don't know where to.

Amanda was pretty (of course I would say so, considering I dated her), she was about 5' 4" tall. Blonde hair. Light blue eyes. She was built in such a way that she was not a twig, but by no means overweight either. And I must remark, she had an amazing butt... but I digress.

In the early stages, when we got along pretty well, one of her friends threw a party for her on her birthday. It was held at her friends house. So we went over there that night and had a really good time. Obviously, it being Amanda's birthday (28th), she was being given a fair amount of alcohol. Not enough to be drunk really, but certainly enough to take the edge off, which wasn't a problem as I wasn't drinking and intended to drive her home that night. The night went on, we played pool and laughed and mingled. Good food, the whole deal. I didn't notice at the time, but Amanda didn't go to the restroom while we were there. She didn't show any signs of needing to go, and I wasn't particularly paying attention either.

Finally at a little after midnight the party wound down, and Amanda said she was getting tired. We said our goodbyes and went out to her car. I opened the door for her and she got in the passenger seat. I closed the door and went around to get in, but was held up for a few seconds by someone who wanted to say bye. After dealing with that, I got in. Amanda called me a "slow ass" (jokingly of course) and said lets go. So off we went.

The drive was about fifteen minutes, which is not bad at all. But only a couple miles up the road from her friend's place, she admitted she "kinda" needed to pee, "like... soon." I told her not to worry, it's a short drive and I wouldn't drag my ass or anything. To this she replied by drawing in a long breath and letting it out slowly. Then she said okay and to just hurry a little. I will admit that all this already was having an affect on me. I never told her of my fetish, and I'm lucky she didn't notice the affect it was having.

So I was driving along on the way back to her place, when we were about half way she spoke up again and asked me if I could speed up a little. I said I could, but only a very little since I was already doing the speed limit and the local cops are notorious for writing speeding tickets at any given opportunity. She said, "Okay, whatever. Just... try, okay?" I said okay and sped up.

A couple minutes later, she drew a sharp breath in through her teeth. I couldn't resist, I had to ask if she was okay. She said that it was "really getting bad," and to hurry. After a short silence, I asked, "Are you gonna make it?"

She snapped at me that she would make it if I "fucking hurry!" I tried to stifle my laugh, because simply the way she had said it was kind of funny, and for the most part I was successful. Once I got that under control I said sorry and kept driving. As we got closer to her place, I could hear her shuffling in her seat a bit, and her breath was growing more labored. I was practically dying at this point. A large part of me wanted to see her pee her pants very, very much. Another part didn't want her to be embarrassed. Still another part didn't want to run the risk of having to explain myself if she noticed my reaction. Nothing was said until I pulled off the main road and on to the short street that her house was on.

Once I turned, she started squirming a lot and telling me to go faster. As we got closer she started swearing, saying "fuck" and "shit" rapidly and randomly intermixed. Finally as I pulled in to her driveway, she let out a whimper that struck both a sympathetic and erotic nerve for me, my legs were starting to feel light and shaky from how excited this was making me. The car came to a stop, I set the break and shut off the engine. But Amanda didn't get up and didn't say anything at first. I said something along the lines of, "Uh... we're here," and she blurted out, "I'm fucking peeing my pants."

My heart skipped a beat. My mouth opened an all I could muster was an inarticulate, "What?" and she replied with, "I can't stop."

It was dark in the car, so I couldn't see anything at this point. After a few seconds I could hear the faint hiss in her jeans as she completely lost control and started peeing full force. I said something stupid like, "I'm sorry," and she didn't reply. She just sat there with her head down, the sound of her peeing her jeans now subsided and stopped. After a little bit, she swore again and slowly undid her seat belt. She popped open her door and the cab lights came on. Her lap was soaked as if pee had puddled up between her legs, and I could see her butt and the back of her thighs were soaked too. When she stood up, also slowly, I could see that her butt was completely soaked all the way to her belt, which was also wet.

The stain extended down the backs of her thighs to her knees, and to my surprise, there was actually a sizable puddle in the seat slowly soaking in and even a lot of pee on the floor board. I felt like if I wasn't careful, I'd have a wet spot of my own to explain. So I tried to calm myself down. She turned back around to face me (I was still in the driver's seat) and I could see her crotch and lap area soaked, still having a slight glisten to them, that "just peed my pants, still dripping" look. 

The stain ran down the front of her thighs a little too, but not nearly like in the back. She said, sounding rather miserable, "Well, are you coming in?" I said of course that I was and got out of the car. I quickly adjusted myself to hide my obvious excitement... good old waistband trick. lol I walked around the car to her and gave her a hug. I told her not to worry, I'd take care of it for her in the morning. She insisted that she would handle it and called me sweet. I put my arm around her shoulder and lead her inside.

Her place was a studio apartment, so there was only one room and a bathroom. Once inside, she stopped and looked down at her crotch, then twisted around to look at her back side. It was so incredibly cute I wanted to start kissing her like mad right there, but I controlled myself. She let out a sigh and muttered a few choice phrases, then to my surprise, she undid her belt and unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. I mean, she was never shy about dressing, undressing, showering or even peeing in the toilet in front of me, but I guess because of the situation I expected her to not want to have me watching. She took off her wet jeans, which of course clung to her thighs. And once again I almost died. Her white panties had gone mostly see through with a slight yellow hue to them. She took them off, picked them up with her jeans off the floor and put them in her laundry basket.

She looked at me, seeming embarrassed but not devastated or anything. I made the mock sad face at her and said again that I was sorry. Then she finally smiled a little, and said it wasn't my fault, but that right now, she was going to take a shower. I kind of followed her in and then things went from there. Thankfully she was naked, so I had an excuse for my um.... state when I joined her in the shower.

*003*2015-01-18 16:14

The thought occurred, but knowing this girl, it's pretty unlikely. She was one of those types that did everything very bluntly. I can't say for certain, of course, but I think if that was her intentions, she'd have admitted so later. Nevertheless, one never truly knows.

*005*2015-01-19 01:17

Later on, she said it was kind of a strange experience because, as she described it, she went from "I could stand to use the restroom" to "I can't hold it" very quickly. I'm honestly not sure why she didn't ask me to pull over. We were kind of in the middle of town, so that may have had something to do with it. Though she wasn't horribly embarrassed about it (I'm guessing because only I saw it), it didn't strike me as a particularly positive experience for her. We talked about it briefly in the morning, and after that she avoided the subject. I didn't push it.

