Movie Theater Wetting

Author: Kiddchaos

*000*2013-09-27 17:39

Hey guys, this will be my first story so feel free to critique me on it. I've never been great in English classes though it is my only language. More of a math and science person but I want to give it a go.

So on to the good stuff. I'm 6'2", husky and Caucasian. I have long hair compared to most guys, but it's a good 2-3 inches from my shoulders. I was wearing black basketball shorts, boxer briefs, a black eat sleep race shirt and sneakers.

I was out on a date with my now current fiancé, for dinner and a movie with the intent of wetting in the theater. I had had plenty of private wettings in my own home while my parents were away by now and only a few outside. I wanted to try a public wetting and this seems like a common plan.

So dinner at Red Robin, had about five strawberry lemonades. And for those of you who don't know they are about one third strawberries so it was only about 3 glasses of liquid. Then at the movies of course to egg me on I got a large Hi-C without ice.

As we entered the theater I knew from previous experience I wouldn't be able to make it to the end without a bathroom break. So it was all down to how long I felt like waiting. The movie was a good distraction for the first two thirds or so but after that my bladder was aching. I didn't feel like waiting till I absolutely exploded because I remember it wasn't a loud movie, probably a romantic comedy then, and the theater wasn't packed but there were people nearby.

So after a little time with pain in my abdomen I decided to go, only I couldn't. I didn't understand why at first or until I tried this again but my nerves like most people were getting to me.

I then tried to let it happen naturally which after a moment or to it started. It was cold in the movies like most places so the difference in temperature was amazing. I felt that wonderful trickle in my crotch as it filled the area on top of my legs and ran over. I was letting it out slowly in hopes that the seat would absorb it ad there would be no splashing but as I enjoyed I loosened up and didn't care.

I heard the splashing and my fiancé turned and said "Are you wetting yourself?"

And I turned and nodded she reached for my crotch to feel it and then as she touched me recoiled and said "you really did."

I quickly corrected her "I still am" about a minute into it. After it ended I felt the inevitable cold of wet clothes in a cold environment and was ready to leave. We left quickly after most others had left. And I changed in the car. We drove back to my parents house and she told me to go to the woods nearby.

She took me completely unaware as she led me to the place where I had most of my outdoor wettings and she proceeded to wet her tight navy blue shorts. This was only her second wetting and she was not expecting it to run down her leg. After she was done we enjoyed each other in the car, said our goodbyes, and went to our separate ways.

