My brush with real incontinence

Author: Barry

*000*2015-03-02 00:29

As much as I love wettings, I have great bladder control. I can have an accident, but it's usually the result of setting myself up for it. I had wet my pants accidentally the last time when I was 12, and since then nearly every time has been a result of me wanting to do it or setting myself up to fail.

However a few years ago I did go through a brief stage of urge incontinence after a minor back injury. I had a bulging disc near the L4/L5 vertebrae, and for a while this put stress on muscles that are somewhere connected to the bladder. I was in a bit of constant pain, not terrible, just uncomfortable. I only felt relief when lying down, and standing, driving, and sitting where just very uncomfortable. It wasn't bad enough to take time off work, but as my commute to the office was about an hour and twenty, it was unpleasant.

I worked a combined stores/sales job, sometimes wearing casual shorts, often a suit, and sometimes spent all day driving, either a small truck or the company car. I first noticed things were a bit off when I would have a coffee and go to the toilet before leaving, but within 20 minutes would suddenly be bursting to go again and have to stop or use a clients bathroom, where I would only pee a bit. Soon after I would get sudden urges that I had to pee immediately. These would come on with no build up or warning. Drinking beer was the same. It would result in sudden desperate urgings that couldn't be ignored.

Now every night we would have 2/3 light beers after work, then the big drive home would occur. I found myself having to pull over somewhere, a couple of times on the freeway, just to pee because I just couldn't hold it! I tried to make it to an exit before mine that led through an area with some paddocks and no houses before I stopped, but could not always do so.

Coming home one afternoon the urge hit badly, about 2 miles from the exit. It was immediate and intense. I made the off ramp, turned down the side road and tried to make it to a spot I knew where I could pull over near some trees. I went from 6/10 to 10/10 in a matter of minutes. I was nearly there when I felt a leak! A real one. Completely accidental and out of my control. Now I love having a full bladder and experimenting with relaxing a bit to see how long it takes to leak out, but this time I hadn't relaxed at all, but had genuinely leaked without trying too!

I pulled over straight away and jumped out of the car. I ran to the side and unzipped, and finished peeing on the side of the road as the traffic drove past, in full view of people, but I couldn't help it. I was wearing grey shorts, and I had quite a large wet patch on the front that people could no doubt see as I walked back to my car.

I sat there stunned and examined my shorts. I had just accidentally wet myself for the first time in nearly 30 years!

Only a couple of days later the same thing happened again. This time I had made the exit and past the safe spot to stop when I went from slight need to urgent almost instantly. I stopped at the last set of lights where I had to turn off, still 10 minutes from home. I was torn between holding on to see what would happen, and maybe just letting go in the car to release the incredible pressure. I decided to relax my bladder for maybe 5 seconds to let some out and see what happens. As I sat there on the red turn signal I let go. With no hesitation I started peeing flat out. But I just couldn't stop! The lights changed and I turned off, wetting my pants with no way of stopping it. I must've peed for over 30 seconds before I regained control. Obviously I was soaked when I got home, as was the seat. It was scary because I just could not stop.

Now I was living alone at this stage, and liked wearing Depends pull up briefs at home for fun. I put one on when I got home and leaked into that a bit later unintentionally as well. But while I like wearing at home, I couldn't bring myself to wear them to work. (Even though that's exactly what they're designed for, lol!)

But the biggest accident was yet to come. I was still unconvinced that either incident would be classed as a true "accident." The first time I hadn't meant to leak, but I wondered if I could've held on for a bit longer if I tried harder, and the second time I had made a concius decision to let go a bit, it's just I couldn't stop after I started.

I was determined that the next time I would hold on as long as possible and see what happened. I didn't have long to wait.

Not many days later we had our usual light beers after work. This time I dropped into a friends place and had a couple more. I must've used the toilet 3 times before I left, because I knew I would get stuck in the heavy freeway traffic this time as if left so late. I even took a couple of beers with me.....

So at the risk of repetitiveness, the same thing happened. Sudden urgency, compounded by a couple of extra beers though this time. Went from 6/10 to 9/10 within minutes. I passed the last safe spot, and was feeling extremely desperate, and a bit horny as well, truth be told. It didn't matter to me if I wet myself, nobody would know, but I wanted it to be a 100% purely genuine accident, with absolutely no encouragement on my behalf.

I lit a cigarette as I drove, enjoying the feeling of impending doom. I hoped to make it home, but didn't really care one way or another, as long as I wet accidentally. But as I pulled the last smoke out of my packet, I suddenly realised that I was out and needed more, as well as remembering that I needed milk and bread as well. I was approaching the last shop that was only about 3 minutes from my house, but they would close in ten minutes time! Not enough time to go home, pee, and drive back again.

I would have to stop....

I pulled into the carpark and stopped. I was actually sweating a bit when I got out, my need was so great. As usual I had taken my shoes and socks off after work and was barefoot. Normally I would have slipped them on again, but I knew that the act of bending over would result in disaster. But when I got out and stood up, some of the desperation left me. It was certainly better to be upright rather than sitting down.

I walked into the shop just before they closed. Of course the bread and milk are at different ends of the shop, so as to make you have impulse purchases as you walk around, which I did. It wasn't too bad at first, but the cold tiles on my bare feet soon bought the desperation back. It was a warm evening, and the air conditioning was cold, and with the tiles underneath my feet cooling me I gave a bit if a shudder as I headed to the checkout.

Because the store was closing, there was a line of people at the checkout. As I stood there my urge hit 10/10. I could feel the pee was like right at the tip of my penis, but I couldn't really do anything about it. I really wanted to use my hand to hold myself, I felt if only I could do that it would be ok, but I couldn't. I couldn't help shifting my weight from one foot to the other, but that's all I could do. A wave of panic rushed over me and for a split second I thought I felt a leak. My groceries were on the conveyer belt by now, so I risked a subtle squeeze and adjustment to check. Still dry, but for how long?

As I got to the front and asked for my cigarettes, I knew I was in trouble. I was sweating, and my legs were trembling. I paid for my stuff and headed for the door. Now I was safe outside I felt better again. I would be home in 5 minutes, then I could either wait for the inevitable in my pants, or better yet put a pull up on. The idea of having a real wetting in my pull up was something to hold on for.

I put my bag on the passenger seat and got in, retrieving my new cigarettes. As I sat there breathing deeply but feeling safe again I lit up. I felt something "shift" inside me somehow, and while the pee still felt right at the top ready for release, somehow the pain around my bladder lessened a bit. I gave myself a good squeeze and turned the light on to check for leaks, but there were none.

I started the car and got into the line of last minute shoppers leaving the carpark. I was still using my bladder muscles to hold on, but it's strange to describe, but I felt somehow weaker.

I pulled out into the road, and suddenly felt warmth. I had started dribbling, and even though I hadn't eased up on the pressure at all, I was leaking. The dribble turned into a trickle, which turned into a stream. I quickly pulled over. I was still "holding on" with my bladder muscles, and had not relaxed at all, but I was wetting myself uncontrollably. Suddenly I felt a spasm of pain. I just literally could not hold on at all anymore and I let go. I sat in my car on the roadside and as I smoked, I just peed hard and constantly. Made a hell of a mess.

When I got home, I parked and got out. I was dripping. But as soon as I stood up, I started again. This was a bit worrying, as I didn't even feel any need to go again. I was fascinated by it, turned on, but worried at the same time. I waited at the door until the flow stopped, then took off my shorts and went in.

I put a Depends brief on, put my stuff away and had a big drink of water, followed by another beer.

That night I spent playing online poker, and wet myself twice more with no control. Not as badly, but I would sit there, feel an urge hit suddenly, and if I relaxed even slightly or spread my legs open a bit I would just start wetting myself with little if any control.

I wore a damp pull up to bed that night but didn't pee in my sleep. I did wake up during the night and went to the toilet, but I wet myself a bit on the way by accident.

The next day I was a bit scared. That was the first time I ever wore protection to work. But it seemed to settle down after that, and I regained control again. I had no incidents at all during work, but did deliberately wet my pull up during the drive home. After that I didn't wear at work again, but kept some Depends in the car, and would put one on before I left.

I've never tried to hold on to that extent again. I think I must've exhausted my bladder/sphincter muscles that night which lead to uncontrollable leaking. As much as I enjoy wetting myself for fun, that taught me how real incontinence must be a scary and worrying thing to suffer from!

*003*2015-03-06 23:33

Hi Gobphus.

I know what you mean about pain in the right leg! From the lower back, the abdomen, the testicles, and cramping in the right calf muscle. It was nasty.

I didn't mention it to my doctor, but I was seeing a physiotherapist, who was giving me different stretching exercises to do, and I told her about it. She told me it was a side effect of a pinched nerve caused by the bulging disc.

The amusing thing is that she was a very attractive young girl, in her early twenties, and while I told her about my sudden bursts of urgency, I didn't tell her that I'd actually wet myself a few times, just about how badly I needed to go. It would have been the perfect opportunity to tell a pretty girl "I wet my pants yesterday," but I just couldn't bring myself to say the words, as much as I wanted to, lol.

Every now and then it flares up, but the urgency issues don't anymore. I just get some pain and cramps. It feels like my right leg is shorter than my left, and needs to be stretched out more. Does this happen with you?

And Rachel, I know the drink driving is wrong. But I'm a large guy, and a bit of a heavy drinker, and light beer doesn't have a lot of effect on me. I probably drank a 6 pack over the course of 3 hours, and would've been well under the legal limit.

