Genuine accident

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-11 18:02

Hi, so I've been busy all day unpacking after moving to a new country.

I had boxes sprawled all over my room and was busy organising and sorting things, with my feet in awkward positions around the sea of boxes. I felt an irritated pang from my bladder as opposed to the normal urge and as I was thinking about using the bathroom it just flowed out of me, wetting my pants but as I was wearing sweatpants the excess moisture was absorbed! My muscles couldn't stop it until I didn't need to go anymore. Super embarrassing! Luckily I wasn't caught as I had my door open.

This happened to me before when, like normal, id been holding it all day from school, I didn't need to go badly at all I just thought I'd go to the toilet before getting changed out of my uniform, when all of a sudden pee rushed out of me! I immediately crossed my legs but it kept coming so I quickly ran up the bathroom and slammed the door! Again I had my bedroom door open, but also my brothers friend was there.

Anyway I think maybe this site has been playing on my mind and my bladder, I had a dream last night I witnessed desperation and a potential wetting as the person changed clothes, lol. Anyway thanks for reading!

*002*2015-09-11 21:48

Thanks lol, I'm just surprised!

*004*2015-09-12 10:12

{{: 

Great story. I feel bad about you having felt embarrassed though. I'm quite fascinated with how you were suddenly peeing out of nowhere with no feelings of desperation beforehand. You really felt no warning at all?

}}

Yeah, except for pain, it just made me think omg i need to pee so bad it hurts. It happened again so I posted about it, it wasnt a full bladder really it was just like this dull stabbing pain in the top of my bladder/lower stomach and then my bladder contracted, its okay its only embarrassing if I get caught!

*006*2015-09-12 13:17

{{: 

I've had this happen before a number of times. It feels like I have to go and it just starts coming out. It caught me off guard at first and then.....I won't say I got used to it but it was no longer a shock. It hasn't happened for a bit.

}}

I take that to mean you started to enjoy it? I'm sure I would as well if I was alone!

