Ultrasound This Thursday

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2015-03-16 20:06

Ok this isn't an experience which has happened, but is one I am considering doing, and I wanted to get the opinions of our lovely forum. I've got an annual checkup with my urologist on Thursday. We will to the usual things which include an ultrasound and a flow test. Both of which require me to show up to the hospital with a full bladder. For those of you who have followed some of my past experiences, you will note that I had a very embarrassing ultrasound which resulted in a public accident when I was younger:

$/2645-ultrasound-disaster/

While at the time this was horrible at the time, I find myself reliving it in my head and it has become a very erotic experience for me now. Basically just the thought of the experience get my heart racing and my lady parts wet. This is basically one of my go to experiences for when I need to get turned on fast (and being a busy grad student this is enough that I have been thinking about it more often than not).

This brings me to my conundrum. I've got a regular check up this week, and lately I've had no complains. I've probably had 6 or 7 of these over the course of my life, and it is purely procedural, that is, they really shouldn't find much but they are required to do one as part of my check up.

I was therefore considering doing an experiment in rapid desperation, after reading this post:

$/755-an-experiment-in-rapid-desperation/

Doing this prior to my check up, and seeing what happens. As I noted in the comments on the Ultrasound Experience, since my first accident-filled ultrasound, I've taken to taking precautions at subsequent tests. This has meant being more careful with my fluid intake prior to the test (they say a liter or more sometimes but my little bladder really can't take that much), and even wearing protection to my tests (very big pads to one and a Tena pullup to others). When I did this, I got a huge rush, just from knowing that the technician saw the waistband of my pullup.

I thought that I could up the ante so to speak and make things interesting by doing the rapid desperation (something I've never done before) prior to the test and not wearing any protection.

Thoughts?

*003*2015-03-16 23:38

{{:

That sounds pretty adventurous Rachel! Judging by your ultrasound story (which I just read for the first time), all of the practitioners there are completely accustomed to bursting bladders. Is this the same urology practice that you will be visiting? If so, then I imagine it was documented that you wet yourself and a second wetting incident could lead to a discussion with the doctor or nurse about your ability to hold.

Or they'll just be sure to see you more quickly the next time :)

I say go for it if you are open to a grueling hold and potential accident, both of which I'm sure the community (myself included) would love to hear about. Whatever you choose to do, savor it!

Cheers

}}

Thanks for the feedback. Actually this is a different clinic, in a different country, where I will not likely be staying for much longer. This was part of the reasoning behind my feeling a little more adventurous than normal. I'm just wrapping up my thesis and will certainly be moving away in a years time, so this will be one of the last check ups I have with them. They do know that I have had trouble holding it, as I am seeing them for previous UI problems, but they don't really have any records of previous in-clinic wettings.

Plus, I've had the discussion actually several times with them... So that's out of the way. This clinic is pretty bad when it comes to punctuality. The doctors really spend time with the patients making sure they get all their questions answered. Which is a great thing, but... sometimes leads to 45+ delays. While waiting one time the nurses let me 'take away some of the pressure' which I warned would likely turn into a complete void, and did, and I still had time to be almost entirely full by the time the doctor saw me.

I think a lot of it depends on my mood the day of, but I must say just thinking about it is getting my heart racing...

*007*2015-03-17 07:47

{{:

The idea itself is really hot. If you feel up for it, I say go for it. You're probably aware that the rapid desperation method is designed to get urine production through the roof. So that leaves you pretty much with no margin of error. Any unexpected delay spells disaster.

But that excitement is the appeal, isn't it?

}}

It is indeed. Does it really work? From what people have reported it does, and well knowing my bladder I think 2 hours might be a little crazy. I'm of a mind to practice beforehand, but then I've only got like 3 days, no 2 and well the unknown makes it even more alluring.

{{:

Hmm, I dunno about doing rapid desperation and no protection... that might be a bit too guaranteed. Or rather, you'll likely have to go too soon, and have no excuse to wet instead of just going to the restroom. Might be better to do one or the other. That is, rapid desperation with a diaper so you can struggle to hold it in the waiting room and likely wet. Or no protection, but be careless and drink more fluids than usual and/or begin holding a longer time before leaving. Then if you do wet, it will hopefully be mid-exam like before, and you'll have the excuse that you usually wear protection to these, but haven't had trouble in recent years so you thought you wouldn't need it Or if you do successfully hold it, then you can be proud of your improved bladder strength.

}}

You seem to have though through my whole cover story for me. I feel like I've got my own spy team here. I don't think there would be any questions asked if I did have an accident. There's always the option, I suppose, of wearing protection, but the kind of protection which would not stand up to a massive wetting, but allow me to relieve pressure... mmmm a thought. Is the rapid desperation really that crazy?

*013*2015-03-18 08:17

I certainly will post a write up of what happens, I think I'm pretty much going to go through with it. No go pro's sorry hun, it is in an actual hospital and well many many reasons, you will have to rely on my vivid writing.

I don't think I'll wear anything out of the ordinary, or protection, I'll just go about it as any other day, any other doctors appointment, with the twist that I will do a little rapid desperation in class before hand... yes I do have class before my appointment, which should be interesting. I like the unknown, the loss of control... so I think I'll just go wild with the rapid desperation and see what happens.... wish me luck!

*016*2015-03-18 19:46

{{:

Rachel, it seems like you might want to bring a change of clothes. I think you're setting yourself up for an accident. But like you say, you probably won't be frequenting this particular hospital. Go for it!

}}

Yes, I think this would be wise... I do always keep a pair of spare panties in my purse. I might bring a spare skirt or something to change into, though this would take away from the realism of the situation.. I think it might be wise. I can be all bold now, but tomorrow might be different... Also... yeah it's about a 25 minute cycle from the hospital to my new place and it looks like its going to be cloudy and cold tomorrow.

*020*2015-03-19 08:04

Well I'm up, and starting to drink and pee. Wish me luck. Test just before 2 this afternoon. I've got class and a department meeting before then, so it's drinking water and peeing until like 12:30, then I start holding...

{{:

Make sure you wear jeans.

}}

Haven't made up my mind, still in PJs

*021*2015-03-19 08:17

No more internet, I'm really nervous. Though I will say that my heart is beating and I'm already really excited. Picking out my outfit.

*023*2015-03-20 04:15

I made it! Been wired all afternoon, I'm penning the experience for you all now....

