First sexual experience with wetting

Author: wetcowboy

*000*2012-06-17 20:03

I've been into wetting for as long as I can remember. When I was a little boy my mother had a friend whose daughter was the same age as me, and she was being potty trained but always seemed to pee in her panties, and i would ask her to do it on occasion.

When I told my first serious girlfriend about my fetish and desire she was not too thrilled in the beginning to indulge my strange fantasies. So due to her understandable reluctance things started slow, and I was required to use my imagination as she pretended to lose control to me during phone sex. Well she got caught up in the story one night during phone sex and actually peed in her pants, and to her surprise (and mine) she rather enjoyed it.

So she decided she was going to do it for me the next day when we were together at my house. All I had to do was wait until my parents left. When she came over I was very excited, but I still had to wait. Well, I waited...and waited...and waited...any my parents just would not leave. They seemed in no eager rush to leave. So my girlfriend said she just couldn't hold it anymore and had to go to the bathroom. As disappointed as I was, I understood and told her to go ahead and go.

She walked out of my room and down the hall, but before she could get there, she lost her battle. She came running back into the room with a scared look on her face and I realized why when I saw her hands where desperately thrust into her crouch, but it wasn't enough. Hot yellow pee exploded through her fingers and around her hands soaking her tight denim jeans. I couldn't take my eyes off of her as the wetness quickly spread down the inside of her thighs and then reached her knees and then feet and finally made a huge wet spot in my carpet. I thought she was going to cry, and even though she had intended to do it on purpose she was embarrassed because she had just had a real accident.

When she realized the effect she had just had on me, she quickly lost her shame and sat down in my lap. I took my time as I peeled her tight jeans off of her and left her panties on and had her lay down on the bed. Her panties her still warm when I put my mouth over them to play with her clit through her we panties. She did a little quivering spasm as my tongue played across her clit and she squirted filling her panties and my mouth with warm pee. As I pulled her panties to the side and put my tongue deep inside of her she reached her climax and started to spasm and pee all over me.

After that we enjoyed many more wet adventures since we now shared the same fetish.

*005*2012-06-19 00:04

{{ 

Lucky guy, I tell you. I'm still trying to get my gf to try it out. It's been four months since I've told her about it, and I mention it occasionally, but she's reluctant :(. It kinda kills me since my Ex was pretty into wetting and stuff.

}}

I do count my blessings. Although I'm no longer with my highschool sweetheart from the story above, my wife does endulge me, but does not have the same passion for it that I do. Give her time, and I'm sure she's come around :)

*008*2012-06-20 01:09

{{ 

Oh yeah I know. We talk about it on occasion, probably once a week or so. Mainly it's me feeling her out on it. She doesn't find it weird or gross, and I have a good feeling she's going to like it just because of the way she is in the bedroom, she simply finds it "embarrassing" which makes sense I guess. We'll see. She did tell me that when she's "ready" she's pretty much going to surprise me, so I'm pretty excited.

}}

That will make for an AWESOME surprise!!!

