Bea`s upcoming week off - and I want YOUR ideas!

Author: Beatrix

*000*2012-08-15 18:44

Heya everyone, I hope you're all doing well :D

I come to you all today with an idea! I've got a week off work starting the night of Sunday 26th August, and for five days I would like to have some fun :p

I want to ask for all of your ideas, and whichever ones are the most popular and/or I like the most I shall endeavour to do during the week for you :) I do have a few simple rules:

No #2 stuff - I'm a wee girl for a reason :p No nappies/diapers Outdoor stuff has to be at night as where I live I can't get away with it during the day, plus it's the summer holidays and busy as hell until at least midnight :p If anything else pops up that I don't like I'll let you all know, but feel free to discuss ideas among yourselves and I'll make a list up on the Saturday before the week starts and I'll let you all know my plan for my very wet week :D

Speak to you all soon huns :)

Bea xxx

*003*2012-08-15 19:57

Yeah, good to know people actually read my rules <_<

Okay, updating them slightly:

Try and think of things I can do at home - I can roleplay if needs be Outdoor stuff must be in the dead of night Also, I'll be in the IRC chat during the week if anyone would like to be there :) x

*008*2012-08-15 21:17

{{:

You can always wet your underwear and wear a skirt.Chances are no one would notice and you could have some fun with it ! You could even wet your pants in public and get away with it.

}}

It's not that I haven't done public stuff before, but I just want a lot of ideas to try out - clothes, scenarios, being made to hold, your wildest dreams :D

{{:

Do you want me to state them here or somewhere else for input?

}}

State them here, then you all can discuss :)

Also, don't just stick to roleplay ideas - I can't be acting all week! :p

*010*2012-08-15 21:49

I've had an idea of my own, although I've never tried before - fear wetting :D

I've got a Gamecube and Resident Evil on there, and I barely play it as it scares the hell out of me... maybe I'll try with a full bladder... ;)

*013*2012-08-15 22:18

{{:

Other ideas. Maybe play a computer/video game, and set up a drinking system.

Like, every time you die, take a drink. A great game for this system would be "Battletoads" for the NES :). Emulators are easy to find.

}}

Only problem is I rarely die in games >.< Plus my laptop is too crap for an emulator as well :(

{{:

I like Dr. Philthy's idea.

}}

Technically that was Millan's idea from her inspirations thread, which I got my fear wetting idea from too.

Millan's inspirations thread: http://omorashi.org/topic/5400-the-inspiration-thread/#entry204875

*021*2012-08-16 17:35

{{:

But other ideas. Maybe stand in your yard late at night (semi- but not too public) wearing something like just a long coat and a pair of panties to wet.

Also, death count was just an idea. Maybe make it when you take a hit, or something like finding a Blue coin in Super Mario Sunshine (the game itself helps in another way)

}}

Problem one - I live in a block of flats on a major road in England. No way would I get away with doing that anywhere here aside from the woods up the road (where I HAVE wet myself in the dead of night before hee hee)

Also, I do own Mario Sunshine so that's worth a try ;)

{{:

Make it a rule that for 24 hours you can't use a toilet (except for #2). You don't have to go in your pants every time, but you can't use a toilet. Even public ones.

To make it more challenging, you could add the condition that you also can't pee in the same place more than once. So for example, if you pee in the shower once, you're not allowed to pee in the shower any more for the remainder of the 24 hours.

}}

I like this one :) in a flat it makes it especially interesting as I'm very limited by space so I may have to resort to running 5 minutes up a hill into the woods to go once ;)

{{:

Now i quite like this idea :p

}}

I knew you would sweetie :p I'll let you and Matty decide the course of action for this roleplay, considering I'm but a "suspect" hee hee...

{{:

I have a few suggestions.

1. You like panties? Me, too. Put on a nice pair when you have a full bladder. Then go just a little bit and stop. Wait at least 2 minutes before going again, just another little bit, then stop. Wait another 2+ min. Repeat until soaked. Bonus points: take a picture at each step, before starting, after the first dribble, etc.

2. Put on a pair of jeans, and try to pee down only one leg. Easy for me, probably more of a challenge for you. :) Extra points for a video that shows how well you managed.

3. Pick a good time for you and schedule an IRC holding contest. It can start from zero and go all day, or everyone can agree to arrive about 70% full.

4. It's hard to envision what your outside looks like to help avoid being seen, but what if you were to wait until dark and desperate, then go outside in a swimsuit. Stand on the grass with your legs pressed tightly together and then do a quiet wee down your legs.

I hope you like some of these!

}}

1. Hard for me to stop and start as I suffer with bladder spasms - I'm lucky to get away with leaking lots on a good day :p I could definitely try though :)

2. Might not be so hard - just stand with one leg up against a wall horizontally!

3. Holding contests are sadly an almost-no-go for me unless I drink little as I've got an extreme metabolism (ask Gemmy or Millan, they'll tell you what I'm like!) - I'm not opposed to the idea though :p

4. I don't own a swimsuit, just a bikini, but I could go outside and try that :D

Thank you for the ideas everyone, I'm starting to get a good idea of what to do! Does any one else have any more ideas?

