Horseback Riding

Author: Pdpatti

*000*2015-02-11 02:49

There I was setting astride in my tight brown jodhpurs when I had a very desperate urge to go to the bathroom. I don't know why the urge as I had gone to the bathroom not more than an hour ago. But, the urge was real and I had to do something about it. What to do was a problem. I was on a riding trail with two other couples and i was, as always, very shy about admitting that I had to go to the bathroom. Besides there was nowhere to go but in the woods and I was very shy about that.

As I thought about my situation I became convinced that my urge was superficial. I decided that there was nothing to it and that I could hold on for the rest of the ride. But, as the ride progressed I became not so sure of my ability to hold it in. I had fought the need to pee before but I was always on foot or seated in a chair but this was different. Squirming while astride in a saddle is insufficient to holding one's pee when compared to crossing one's legs or otherwise doing a pee pee dance. While I thought I could hold it I became worried that I could not.

I looked around at the other girls and saw no sign that they were in the desperate situation that I was in. I continued to squirm and exercise my sphincter muscle desperately. We were less than a hundred yards from the stables when I lost control a little. I peed a bit in my jodhpurs making a small dark spot around my crotch. The relief that brought made me sure that I could hold it until we reached the stables. But the stables were closed.

I dismounted and ran to where the bathrooms were, only to find them locked. I was amazed that I was still dry. But, that all came to an end as I stood in front of the locked bathroom slightly bent over with legs crossed and peeing all over myself. My jodhpurs were soaked to the ankles but my boyfriend and the other couples did not tease nor ridicule me. Instead we went on about our Saturday morning routine but I stayed hidden in the car. I will never forget the sensation of my wet pants, the embarrassment, nor the relief I felt in wetting my pants that day.

*001*2015-02-13 02:14

My boyfriend had just gotten his private pilot's license and he wanted to celebrate by taking me up in his shared 4- seated airplane. I was thrilled and we made a date and time for take off. Naturally it was to be the next Saturday as we both had full time jobs. So on the Saturday date I showed up at the airport in corduroy culottes all ready to fly. He was a bit late and he called to let me know that he would be an hour or so getting there. I had nothing to do but buy a magazine and sit in the restaurant reading and drinking coffee.

After an hour or so he showed up and said that he had pre-flighted the plane and it was ready to go. I had a slight urge to pee but I ignored it as I did not want to spoil his fun in any way. We went out and boarded and he took off and I was completely thrilled as I had never flown in a small plane before. It was so different from flying in passenger jets that I couldn't believe what I had been missing. When we gained cruising altitude that slight urge to pee I had experienced at take off became sort of urgent. As we flew around I managed to hold myself with my right leg crossed over my hand. I felt somewhat comforted by this position and thought that this too will pass.

But, he was so much enjoying his flying and showing me around that he was willing to use up all the time he was allowed by the fuel he had and his partners. Meanwhile my slight urge to pee had become a desperate urge to pee. I didn't say anything because what could he do? He could land immediately but I didn't want to interrupt his fun. Besides I was always very shy about admitting I had to pee. So I decided to hold it until he had his fun and landed but I must admit that seeing Old Rocky Knob from all angles was getting a bit tiring not to mention bladder stressing.

I don't know where we were with reference to the airport when my sphincter muscle was wearying but i thought my hand over the pee hole and leg crossed tightly over would keep me from wetting myself If I just relaxed my sphincter a little. Wrong idea, I relaxed and proceeded to pee my culottes. I regained control but not before my panties and culottes were soaked. Now I've done it, I've wet myself and there is no way I'll be dry when we land. Tears started to form but I had better control of my tear ducts than my bladder. I did not cry

We landed and when I exited the plane and stood up I lost control again and continued to pee my culottes. Jack finally noticed the dark stains down my legs and rushed over to apologize for keeping me up too long and I tried to convince him that it was all my fault for not going to the bathroom before take off. He threw an emergency blanket around me until we could get to his car and drove me to my apartment where we made fantastic love. I do not know how he managed to conceal my accident to this day. All I can say is that I am so glad he did so.

*002*2015-02-13 02:46

My husband and I and another couple, Vickie and Pete, teed off at a local city owned golf course one bright and calm Saturday. Vickie and I as always went to the bathroom just before we teed off. So everything was fine for at least a nine hole round. That was until we got to the seventh hole when I became desperate to go to the bathroom. I don't know why I became so desperate but I did. While I was standing with crossed legs I looked at Vickie and she did not show any sign of distress. I was on my own desperate to pee. I still don't know why. After all I went to the bathroom before we started.

But, we were all duffers and going through seven holes takes awhile. That may explain my desperation at this point. At any rate I was truly becoming very desperate and I decided that I had better get to the bathroom. I asked Vickie to drive me in the cart to the clubhouse. She agreed and we set off while I was extremely desperate to pee. I rode with my hand over my urethra and leg crossed over my hand and about twenty five yards from the clubhouse I peed all over my skort. Fighting back tears I asked Vickie to take me to my car. It was a futile move as I had never learned to drive but I thought I could wait in the car until the others finished the course.

Although my husband was accustomed to my accidents I was completely humiliated at the thought of Vickie and her husband knowing that a 35 year old woman still wets her pants.

*003*2015-02-13 03:27

When my husband and I were dating we went to an amusement park for a date. We weren't kids as we had both just graduated from college. But the amusement park brought out the kid that remained in both of us. We took in all the rides such as the Crack the Whip, the Peanut, the Slingshot, and the Roller Coaster. We finished with the Ferris Wheel. We had indulged in all the food and drink the park provided. It was the drink that was our undoing.

When we finished the rides I was exhausted and I also needed to go to the bathroom. Frank said that we needed to ride the Ferris Wheel but I said no. He asked why and for the first time in my life I admitted that I had to go to the bathroom. He said, "Well so do I but I am sure I can ride this thing before going to the bathroom."

I said, "I'm not so sure." He countered with, " Give me a break, it doesn't last but a few minutes." I replied, "OK ,just as long as it doesn't take too long."

We boarded the wheel and rode to the top in a few seconds when it came to an abrupt stop. We looked down and saw some workers scurrying about trying to get the wheel going again. By this time I was desperate to pee and squirming in my seat. We kept watching and I kept squirming. It began to look like a long night on the Ferris Wheel and I gave up holding my pee. I wet my khaki twill bermudas almost as soon I learned that we were going to be stranded for who knows how long. Then, ironically, the wheel started moving and we landed . The workers who operated the wheel said that we were all to get off as there was a malfunction that they were not sure they could fix tonight.

I'll never forget getting off that wheel in my wet shorts in front of everyone in the park. I wanted to die of embarrassment. But, then I wondered about Frank and when I looked at him I saw that he had peed his denim shorts. We both walked to his car in humiliating embarrassment. After which we had many laughs about our double wetting that night. ON that night two twenty two year old's had peed their pants.

