An act of Desperation

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2011-05-10 06:17

I'm a Guy and this is my story just to warn others.

This was pretty late at night.

1:00 AM

I'm just so bored with basically nothing to do. Can't do video games, can't do guitar, cause that'll wake everyone up. Biggest problem is that I just had an energy drink and a lot of water.

2:00 AM

Starting to feel a bit of a tingle but not entirely noticeable. I decided to read for a while. Pass the time, get a little farther in a book that's decent, drink a little more water. Starting to wonder just how long I can actually go without peeing.

2:20

Really starting to hit me now, but no one controls my body but me. I'll see to that. Drink a bit more water but I'm feeling waterlogged now. I start pacing around the romm a bit. Do a little twirl but things are coming up fast.

2:30

Bladder is probably 95% full. I have to hold myself it's that bad I don't care if it's shameful. It is now taking every last bit of willpower I have left to hold it. An "accident" is inevitable at this point and if I use the toilet I know that'll take too long a make a lot of noise. I have to go so bad there is no way I could fall asleep. I get on my knees and just clench. I'm grabbing myself trying to cut off the damn flow point but no good. Two, maybe three little spurts come out. Okay slight moment of weakness, but now I'm back in control. Or am I?

2:38

I give in. I just can't take it any more. Everything just spills all over the ground. I would say that my pee was coming out with so much pressure, it couldn't come out fast enough. I think over the course of at least five full minutes, I peed all over the floor. Huge wet spot on the rug probably a whole meter in length. Am I ashamed? No. It was a valiant effort but in the end, I caved.

Ah well, that's the way the bladder spills. Hope you enjoyed my first story.

*002*2011-05-19 08:29

Thanks. If I can remember a good one, (or just make a new one) I'll be sure to post it.

