Occupied Bathroom

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-05-15 11:33

As you all know i love nothing more than having a full bladder and holding it until the point where i start losing control. However i don't always wet myself, a lot of times i hold and when i start losing it i go to the toilet. This is only because as much a fan as i am of wetting myself i can't always be bothered with the aftermath of having to clean up and having to shower and change my clothes. When i do plan on wetting i make it so clean up is easy and the clothes i wear im not about getting wet. However there are times when this doesn't work out, an example being what happened a couple of nights ago....

When im holding i like to give myself challenges, for example when my boyfriend is playing Black ops 2 i set myself a challenge of saying im not allowed to use the bathroom until he has reached a certain level. This adds a challenge and also brings in the rule of if i cant wait until he reaches a certain level then i must be punished, and he certainly loves to punish me....just as much as i love being punished :p.

So the other night he bought Transformers and i decided to play with him. We played multi-player online and i decided to challenge myself. On the game there are four types of character and you have to level each of them up and i decided that i wasn't going to use the bathroom until all of them were level 10. Having never played the game before i had no idea whether that would be easy, or how long it would take. So we started playing and i started drinking to fill up my bladder.

As we played my bladder filled up and it turned out that it didn't take long to get the characters leveled up to 10 and by the time i had done them all my bladder was quite full but not to bursting point so i just decided to see how long i could hold it. I carried on drinking and set about customizing my characters which took a while and when i had finished i was quite desperate. I came off to let my boyfriend play and as i sat on the couch watching him my bladder rose to 9/10 and i sat wiggling and bouncing.

I then went to make us a cup of tea and as i filled the kettle the sound of the water splashing around made me almost lose control. I quickly put the kettle back and set it to boil and stood with my legs crossed tight, dancing and bobbing as i waited for it. I heard movement and turned round to find my boyfriend standing in the doorway. I asked what he was doing and he said enjoying the show and he realized he was watching me wee wee dance. I should mention also that i was wearing my little purple satin nightie with white knickers underneath and as i was dancing my nightie, which is very short, kept lifting and flashing my knickers. 

I figured that's what he was watching, as every time my nightie lifted up and my bum flashed out he would smile. The kettle boiled and i had to stand with legs scissored as i poured the water into the cups, the sound making me leak into my knickers. I put the kettle down and grabbed my crotch, trying to stop any more leaks. I managed to not leak anymore and gave everyone their cuppa's and decided to go upstairs and lay in bed and watch TV.

I got into bed and watched TV all the while wiggling and grabbing myself as my bladder continued to fill. I slowly sipped my tea which wasn't helping the problem. By the time i had finished it my bladder was now at bursting point and i lay there bouncing and rubbing to hold it in. I stroked my bulge, loving the feeling my full bladder and moaning slightly as my rubbing made my knickers wet with love juice. I laid doing that for about 15 minutes or so, then i started leaking. I loved the feeling of trying to hold on but every now and again involuntarily losing drops, my knickers slowly dampening and going see through as i leaked more and more.

Suddenly my bladder contracted like crazy and i spurted. I knew i couldn't hold on much longer. I rubbed my wee hole like mad to try and hold on just a bit more but it kept spurting. Then after about 5 minutes of occasionally spurting a big spurt came out and then i slowly started dribbling. I was slowly starting to wet my myself and i moaned as i tried to keep holding on. No matter what i did it kept dribbling and then i felt it coming. I was going to completely lose control and there was no way i could stop it.

I jumped out of bed and, with my hand jammed against my wee hole, i hobbled out of my room and over to the bathroom. I grabbed the handle and pushed. It was locked. Why was it locked. It couldn't be locked, not when i was about to burst and completely wee my knickers. I listened and heard the shower running. It was either my sister or her boyfriend in the shower. I didn't care who it was, not when finding the door locked had made my bladder decide it wanted to empty even more. I stood and knocked on the door as i slowly started to lose it. I could feel my knickers getting wet and drops of pee running down my legs. Whoever was in the shower couldn't hear me knocking. I had to do something i was weeing myself. The only thing stopping it all gushing out was my concentration on trying to hold it.

I hobbled back into my bedroom intending to use the bowl i use to pee in when i want to measure my capacity. It wasn't there, then i remembered it was downstairs from the last time i used it. My bladder then pushed hard and i could feel the contents pushing down towards my wee hole. With out thinking i grabbed the bin from under my desk and sat down on top of it. Immediately my wee hole opened and the contents of my bladder began to empty out into my knickers and into the bin. I sighed in relief as i felt my bladder inside me slowly deflate as its contents gushed into my knickers. After what seemed like forever it finally stopped and i stood up and looked at my bin full of pee. I felt extremely naughty for peeing in the bin and now there was only one thing on my mind. I slowly slid my soaked knickers off and put them in the bin with the rest of my pee and went and got into bed.

I pulled the covers over me and pulled the top of my nightie down exposing my boobies and extremely pointy nipples. My fingers began to tease and stroke them as my other hand pulled the bottom of my nightie up revealing my very wet pussy which my fingers delved into and began to slide in and out. Within minutes i was on the edge of orgasm but i love edging myself and kept stopping just before cumming. I did this for about half and hour and by then i was extremely horny and desperate to cum.

My boyfriend then came upstairs and when he walked in all he saw was me sat in bed watching TV. The fact he didn't know what i was doing turned me on even more and i let out a little moan. He looked at me and asked what was wrong and i just nodded at my bin. He looked in it and just stared inside it. He then leant down and picked my pee soaked knickers out of it, looked at me and just went "hmmmmm". He then looked at me and i think he figured out what i was doing under the covers as he walked over and whipped the covers off me. I just continued rubbing. This time i wanted to cum, the fact he was watching me play with myself was going to make me cum. Just as i started to cum he grabbed my hand and moved it away. I moaned as my pussy contracted and begged to be touched, to be pushed that little bit further and make it cum.

I begged him to let me finish and he shook his head and told me i wasn't allowed to touch myself. I then thought he meant he was going to finish it for me and told him he could. He then shook his head again and told me that only good girls are allowed to cum, Naughty girls are not and then proceeded to use his fingers and tongue to edge me over and over but not allowing me to cum....

....and ever since he told me that which is now days ago i have been in orgasm denial and every day i have edged myself in the morning in bed and when im in the shower and he has teased me every night. Needless to say i am insanely horny and want to cum so badly. I guess i will just have to be a good girl, which is hard cos as most of you know, im a very very naughty girl ;)

*002*2013-05-15 14:32

{{ 

Your stories/experiences always leave me in a slightly dazed state, Gemmy xD

This one was no exception. Amazingly hot ^_^

}}

Hee Hee, im glad you enjoyed :D

