Oh sweet desperation

Author: Cool bro

*000*2011-07-25 19:19

Well i was about 16 when this all took place.Let's call this girl "Kelly" for all that it's worth. She was wearing a light blue miniskirt and green tank top. She also had on dark blue panties. Her eyes were the lightest blue and her hair was dirty blond. She had the nicest tan looking legs and beautiful tan skin. A gorgeous body, and sexy everything.

We were both in high school at this time and we shared the same last period, 30 minute bus ride home and 50 minute walk to our houses she was my neighbor. The conditions under which her wetting would actually take place seemed dismal. She has a cast iron bladder. However her one flaw is she will never use a school bathroom. So there was boud to be a day.

School went on as normal for the whole day. On the bus ride there Kelly was normal and happy. The day proceeded on biology, math, english, and then finally the class we share, History. The class was seated in a half circle formation and the teacher was at the center and she sat right across from me. (giving me a great view of her dark blue). Class started and i wasn't thinking much of her at the time, the topic interested me for once. But then she got a part of my attention when she put her hand down there, but i glanced away. When i glanced back the hand was serving the purpose of holding her crotch and not just on her leg, but she wanted to be discreet.

The time passed and she seemed to get more desperate, but was more desperate to hide her desperation. she held herself occasionally and was obviously out of focus. The final bell rang and we went to our busses. Within the next 10 minutes everybody got on the bus and our bus was huge but we had few people so 1 person could be in a seat at a time and she sits right across from my seat. We were talking and i noticed she was holding herself more freely as nobody else rly seemed to notice and she was comfortable around me. We talked and about 15 minutes through the bus ride she said to me "god i have to pee so bad, this bus ride is takin forever." I laughed and said "maybe you should have used a school bathroom" She looked at me and said "ew do you know how disgusting those things are i don't care how bad i have to go i'll wait til i'm home."

We get dropped off at the start of our 50 minute walk and the subtlety of the bus was completely gone. as soon as the bus left she shoved one hand on her crotch and began to walk. I don't know what got over me but i couldn't keep my eyes off her. She just looked so good and to see her at mercy to the "cast iron bladder" she brags about made me chuckle. As we walked more i noticed she was getting a little more stiff. I was right next to her and saw the amount of pressure her hand put on her crotch was incresing every minute. She started to get a worried look on her face as she whispered to herself "this is soo bad."

We walk on and i start losing hope thinking it's only the preliminary stage of desperation therefore she'll probably make it the next 30 minutes home. But that thought was ended. She grabbed herself very hard and with two hands walked 3 more steps gasped crossed her legs and doubled over. she continued walking but now a little faster. She seemed worried and her face showed her desperation. She kept one hand with an immense amount of pressure on her crotch and every 10 seconds or so held it with both hands. She was desperate there was no more hiding it.

Another 10 minutes pass and she doubles over again, and she stayed there for like 4 seconds then started walking again. "i'll be there soon i can make it" she said to herself attempting to increase pace while maintaining control. She now held herself with two hands with an obviously large amount of pressure. she started walking more slowly at times to try and maintain control and doubled over a lot first in the next 5 minutes she doubled over

Then the next 2 and then 3 times 1 minute apart.

There were 10 minutes left and she began to frequently double over with her bladder spasming and her control starting to loosen. 8 minutes left and she kept telling herself "i can hold it my bladder can hold through anything i can make it" and proceeded to cross her legs stand still and double over her dark blue panties slightly visible the farther she doubled over.

Our houses were in clear view down the road mine was closer and hers was only 100 feet farther than mine was. She started walking a lot slower and seemed to almost keep a permanent leg cross. Her bladder spasms seemed to be happening every 10 seconds. She looked at me and said "can i go to your house please" and i said "why yours is only a little farther than mine" she said "exactly, i don't think i can make it to the bathroom at my house" and i said "alright."

We started up the driveway to my house and she doubles over again but seemed rather stationary in that position. She didn't move for a while and was doubled over in what seemed to be a 90 degree angle saying to herself "Oh god, i can hold it, i need to hold it". She started walking again and was almost inside until she doubled over inside my garage and with a huge gasp she said "oh my god i don't know if i can make it oh my god its so bad" i said "you can make it, just walk a little farther come on"

Her next few steps put her right in front of the bathroom door and she doubled over both hands on her crotch dark blue panties visible and kept bouncing slightly. She took another step and bent even farther with a gasp and said "no, No, NO, NO, NOOOO, NOT NOW IM SO CLOSE" and at first all i heard was a tiny hiss and her panties darkened slightly she took another step and another one was heard for a longer time period, she said "oh crap i can't hold it anymore!!!!" and just a full on flood. she peed for like 2 minutes straight.

She looked at me and said "shit i'm so sorry! i couldn't make it" i looked at her and said "its fine just clean yourself up and ill pretend like it never happened" she said "you're the best" and proceeded to clean herself off and went home and changed but came back to my house and said "this is for being so nice to me" and started to make out with me. We made out for like 2 minutes and she went home. We never did anything else after that, but it sure was the best experience in high school that i've ever had.

