I made my girlfriend hold it

Author: Pain

*000*2015-02-05 16:35

Back when we were dating, I asked my girlfriend Samiksha to hold her pee during the six hour long physics/chemistry coaching class we had in the evening. She drank a liter of water from the bottle she was carrying plus I bought her three cans of soda during the lunch break, and before long her bladder started ballooning rapidly.

By the time it was eight ,I could see her swollen bladder protruding out of her salwar kurta.

During the class she told me that she was dying to go to the bathroom.She even stopped taking notes because she was way too distracted to do anything.

Several times did I see her rubbing her bulging bladder, I can’t explain how turned on I was. When the class finally ended, she walked to the ladies toilet a bit bent forward, cupping her bladder all the way.

After she came out she admitted that her bladder felt incredibly strained although she enjoyed letting it all out. She also stated that if she would’ve held it for another half an hour she would have lost control and wet herself.

*004*2015-02-07 02:36

{{ 

That's a great story. Did she ever do any other holds for you? Bet it was a huge pee when she went, shame you never got to see and hear.

}}

Thank you, yes she did hold several times for me! Great holds, I remember!

{{ 

Great story, I love being made to hold it

}}

Haha Thanks Gemmy!

{{ 

That's hot 

}}

Thank you!

*005*2015-02-07 05:40

During a three hour long movie at a theatre, I made my girlfriend Samiksha drink a lot of water .

An hour into the movie when we were both cuddling in our seats, she told me she had to go the bathroom real bad and that the chilly waves of air form the a/c weren’t helping either.

I asked her to hold it as all long as she possibly could and she agreed. Oh how did I press her swollen bladder that day.

We were sitting at the corner seats of the last row, with Samiksha on the outer end so we didn’t have to bother about someone watching us but still we were cautious.

During the rest of the movie all I did was press on her round swollen bladder from time to time while she kept moaning slightly. I was so so so turned on that I don’t have words to describe it.

I literally wanted to make out with her right there but alas that wasn’t possible.

At one point she even told me to stop pressing because she had to pee so bad. I still kept poking and pressing it every now and then, only to be warned each time not to do so.

Her bladder got really hard and firm by the time the movie neared its end.

After the movie finally got over she told me she absolutely had to pee now and that I must let her go. I obliged and she gladly made her way to the toilets.

When she returned ,Samiksha told me how long her pee was and how relieving it felt to let out all that pressure.

I have pleasured myself so many times thinking of that day.

*008*2015-02-09 11:46

Thank you guys! I am glad you liked it! :)

