School Camp

Author: Luna

*000*2011-12-01 12:32

This was on the day before the school camp finished, it was a total of 4 day school trip.

The school reserved a whole camp site for the whole week. There was 2 groups since the whole grade was so big, but we get to meet each other in the middle, just before they left. I was in the 2nd group with my friends, we got to pick who'll be with you.

It all started on the night before we're going to leave. We had like a super large feast at dinner, and some more at supper. There was so much choices of drinks like juice, soft drinks, coffee, hot chocolate. The food was amazing and delicious. However, I didn't really eat that much, since most of the foods were all shiny and oily. Since I didn't eat that much, I thought i still had to fill my stomach. So I drank heaps of juice and water. I felt like i was bloated after supper, but I didn't care, I just wanted to have a fun time with my friends and the people.

We had some activities around 9 to 10:30pm. The teachers said was have 1 and a half hours to get ready for bed. Which was like shower, brushing teeth and stuff like that. Me and my friends like spent 1 hour talking in our room. Most of us didn't go to the bathroom until the last haft an hour. I went around 11:45 to brush my teeth, I was also thinking of showering, but I saw the bathroom was like so messy. The guys like did pranks and shit (not literal shit) everywhere. They like pulled all the toilet paper out and clogged the toilet, used glad wrap (cling film) and stretched it around the stalls and like completely destroy both the boys and the girls toilets...

I was like scared they'll prank me, so I didn't dare to stay in there long; I left straight away after I brushed my teeth. Lights out was at midnight, but we were still wide awake. We couldn't get to sleep cause we were laughing and talking so much, the teacher had to come to our room twice to shut us up. Eventually around 1, we like stopped talking loudly. One of us proposed to go to sleep, because it was getting late. I agreed with her, then everyone agreed since it was late, and everyone was tired.

We had to get up really early, around 6. I only had like 4 hours sleep. At this time, I didn't feel much around my bladder, but I knew I should go. We all got up, began to pack all our stuff into our bags. I didn't bring much, only a few pairs of clothes, which fitted in a pretty small bag. We had breakfast immediately after everyone packed there stuff. Apparently the teachers said we were behind schedule. Since I didn't feel I needed to go that much, I thought I can handle it until we got back to school. After breakfast, we straight away loaded our stuff into the coach. Which I slowly began to feel, my bladder crying.

I asked the teacher if I could go, but everyone was already in the bus, so she said I can handle it. The bus trip was like 2 and a half hours. I was handling it pretty well for the 1st one and a half hours. Until I felt light headed and dizzy. I wasn't sure why. I tried to relax, but my body was really tense. I was starting to panic. My friend stared at me with the "WTH" face. I told her, I really needed to go, and she laughed at me. There was half and hour left, and I was literally dying in pain in the bladder and my headache. For some reason, my friend like recommended me to drink more water. I wasn't sure what she was planning or what, but she said it would stop the headache.

Since the headache was worse at the time, I drank a bit water. My friend like told me to drink more, so I did it without thinking twice. I felt better for like 10mins or so, the headache was a little better. However my bladder was about to give way. I was squeezing my legs really tightly, but it did nothing. A few droplets came out, as I tried to move into a more comforting position. I like froze like a stone instantaneously. I quickly shoved my hand between my legs and held it there. For some really weird reason, my friend like smiled at me and said you'll feel better if you massage yourself.

I stared at her blankly, wondering what should I do. This was the worst advice, but I didn't want to wet myself. So I began a slow motion between my shorts. The pressure dissipated a little, I felt a little better really quickly. She looked at me and said "see it worked didn't it?" and I like stared at her, trying to smile back, but couldn't. We were near the school, and the pressure was coming back. I was starting to feel a bit shaky and felt bit funny. I can't explain the feeling, but I was pleasing. I started to rub my legs up and down with my hands. I wanted to moan, but I couldn't.

I started to rub faster and faster, I suddenly froze. I couldn't feel it in my jeans, but my hands we're all soaked. I didn't realize I was peeing my self. My friend sitting next to me shocked, but deep inside I knew she like it. There was a large bulge of wet spot on my jeans and the bus seat. Since the bus was about to arrive at the school, I quickly took my bag from the rack above me, and took a spare pair of jeans and just shoved it on. despite my wet ones. My friend was covering for me, so no one knew, except her.

I kinda had to rush this, especially the ending but I included most of the events and details, cause I have to go :)

