The first (and only) wetting I have witnessed

Author: bubbcat

*000*2013-06-04 23:26

Well I have been lurking around here for a while so I thought that I would share the first and only wetting I have seen in person to date. This is about a story in Elementary school so I hope it is okay to post.

I was in the fith grade and was part of a group of kids that were taken out once a day from class to work on harder school work and cool projects. Not many people were in it because it was very hard to score high enough on the entrance test. One of the things that we did as part of this class was every day a few of us would be picked to do video annoucements at the end of the day. These were played live for the last 5 minutes of the school day and were pretty simple to do. We just got infront of a cam-corder and read the lines that were shown on a tv screen infront of us. Usually only fith graders were allowed to do this but because the second graders were working on a cool world culture project, this one second grade girl would come and share what they had been working on.

I remember the event even 6 years later because she was wearing the cutest tight pink jeans( yeah I know I was three years older than her but hey a guy's mind wanders some times). She wasn't showing any signs of desperation that I can remember but maybe I wasn't looking close enough. We had started the broadcast after the teacher got the tv playing our lines and all was going well till the camera turned to her and off of me and my co-host. I remember her starting her lines but saying them in a choppy voice and then I saw when she grabbed her crotch and started looking nervous. I then remember her turning towards me and wispering that she was peeing. 

I immediatly looked back down and sure enough there was a glistening wet stain crawling down her pants. Her face turned beet red and she ran off the screen. Being the awesome guy that I am I then jumped in and said her lines for her. Lucky for her no one besides the people in the room knew what happened because the camera only showed our upper bodies. The teacher in charge of us then made us promise to not tell anyone what happened. Everyone else was a little disgusted by what happened but for some strange reason I was happy at the moment. Little did I realize that this would develop into an omorashi fetish.

Well that was the first wetting that I ever saw in person and I hope to see another one some day. Sorry for all the detail about the class(it was called AIG) and why we were on the video announcements but I figured that the experience wouldn't make sense with out it. Well please tell me what you thought about my first attempt to write something on this forum and tell me how my writing is. If it was good I may consider writing some fiction pieces. Thanks for reading!!!

*002*2013-06-05 21:26

Thanks Oberdorfer and yeah I'm a junior in highschool but I wasn't sure if there is an age limit for this site so I didn't know if I should post my age. I guess it's out now so we will see what happens.

