Naughty girl at the movies

Author: riviara

*000*2013-04-06 04:11

I went to the movies with two of my good friends tonight and was being a naughty girl :p hope you enjoy.

I wore a black skirt, a tight red shirt, a black hoodie and white and pink panties in case you're wondering :)

When i got to the movie theater i had to wait in line for like 20 minutes because apparently everyone goes to movies at 10 pm, anyway. I finally got to get a ticket and ordered some food but i didn't have enough for a drink because their prices are rediculous. I was kinda disappointed i couldn't get one but my friend seen i didn't have one and he had bought 2 energy drink's so he just gave me one (i'm sure you will all love him for that). Btw, energy drink make me need to pee like crazy! We went in to find some seats and the place was packed so we had to sit in the front row.

I started drinking the energy drink and within 30 minutes i already had to pee but was not planning on getting up to go any time soon. About an hour into the movie I was beggining to get desperate, so i pulled my skirt up a bit and looked over at my friend to make sure he wasn't looking at me. I let out a few spurts into my panties and my face turned red just thinking "what if someone noticed". 

Another 20 minutes later i finally finished the drink (i drink slowly) and i really had to pee. I had my hands resting over my crotch, pushing down on my peehole every so often. A few minutes past and i was quite uncomfortable but didn't want to miss any of the movie. I lifted my skirt up again and relaxed, a spurt of hot pee came out and then another, i couldn't stop them from coming. I crossed my legs tight and dug both hands into my crotch trying to stop the pee. It eventually did stop, but not before i soaked my panties....and the chair. My friend looked over and asked if i was okay. Thank god the room was dark, because i'm sure my face was bright red. I just said "yeah i'm fine" and luckily he didn't say anything else about it.

I felt sooo much better after letting all that pee out but even after letting that much out, i still needed to pee. I managed to make it until the movie was over. I waited for my friends to get up and start leaveing before i dared to get up, as the lights were now on and the chairs wetness would be clearly visable. There was a huge line for the girls bathroom and my friends just wanted to leave so i didn't say anything anout needing to pee still.

I managed to make it home without anymore leaks. The first thing i did when i got home was go to bathroom and released my remaining pee while sitting on the toilet, panties still on. It felt so good. I'm still sitting here with my wet panties on as i write this ^^

*005*2013-04-06 15:39

Thanks again guys, you're all so nice :D

*008*2013-04-07 12:11

{{:

That was such an amazing story, well written and so naughty :) Thank you for sharing - if I may ask, were you turned on as well after the cinema wetting?

}}

I was really turned on, when i got home i had some fun after peeing

*012*2013-04-09 23:25

{{:

Wow... :wub: And knowing you got away with it makes the experience more exciting, I imagine! If you don't mind me asking, how did your panties look or feel afterwards?

}}

They felt amazing like always when I pee in my panties, the warmth is such a turn on for me! As for looks, well they looked like pink panties with a girls pee on them ^_^

*017*2013-04-11 11:52

Seems I have a lot of people to go to movies with! :P

