Flooded herself at the stylist

Author: Hopeful

*000*2014-09-02 01:56

Okay, so I found this awesome story on a Norwegian forum and figured I would translate it for you guys. Those fluent in Norse may read the original here

:) .

Hey, I am a 24 year old girl, and the other day was one of the most embarrassing things I have ever experienced. I work at a perfume shop on the ground floor of a mall, and today I had a stylist appointment on the third floor at three o' clock, and I had talked to my collegue who was to relieve me at three o' clock and arranged for her to arrive 15 minutes earlier. I had to pee so bad, but I was alone from 11-15 and had no chance to go to the bathroom, and the girl who was to relieve me was stuck in traffic and only arrived at about two minutes to three.

I had to pee so bad, but I figured it'd be okay, and I had to get to the stylist on time, so I ran there and sat in the chair to cut and dye my hair. Eventually I was almost done, and I thought "finally, 'cause now I'm close to peeing myself". But when the stylist had rinsed out the dye she said she would have to do it again, and when I sat there with that heat thing on my head I felt that I got close to losing it several times, I even did lose it once, but it was just a couple droplets. But when I was done and got up I felt it, "I'm peeing myself any minute, I'll just have to pay and run for the bathroom". And when I stood there and tried to pay there was something wrong with their card machine, and I stood there hopping from foot to foot and holding myself. Then the stylist went to get another girl to ask her for help.

And then it happened, it just gushed out! I had zero control, I had tight pale stonewashed jeans and winter boots on so it wasn't a problem for anyone to see what happened, and there were probably a thousand people at the mall. There was so much pee coming out, I never think I've peed so much in my life. It dripped down from my crotch and onto the floor, it gushed like a waterfall up along my buttocks and down my tights, and out between the zippers of my boots. My boots got so soaked it sounded like a wet sponge when I walked.

And I had to stand there until that other girl showed up, and they couldn't get the machine to work, so I had to go all the way through the mall to find a cash point with soaked pants! Then I had to go pay, then I had to go to the custodian for a bucket and mop to dry the huge puddle I'd left by the cash register at the stylist.

Then I had to go through the mall and across the market, through the town to the bus terminal and then get on the bus home, and then I wet myself again on the ride home. It wasn't deliberate, but since I was already wet in and on my pants and in my panties it just came by itself, it was like it was just okay with my body. So on the bus home and from the bus stop I spurted all the way.

To be honest, though, I have never felt so embarrassed but also so free simultaneously, and it was lovely! But the weird thing is, my body has kinda grown used to it, so the past four days I've awoken in the morning and felt that I have wet the bed :/ . Plus I have wet myself once on the bus too, it's like I have no control over my bladder anymore, even though I know I do... has anyone else experienced this after an accident?

There you go, hope you enjoyed! It's translated very directly from Norwegian, so the 'tone' is probably a bit different from what you're used to, but hope you enjoy nonetheless :) .

*003*2014-09-06 18:14

The others in that thread aren't that exciting (and are very superficial), but I'll translate this short one because it has a good deal of details:

I had an accident like that myself once. I had never done it or thought about doing it, but we had been in a meeting that took forever and I sat there and didn't know what to do, I was so urging that I was close to panicking. But I couldn't get up and say that we had to take a break because I needed to go to the bathroom, because I was the one taking down notes on what was said during the meeting. But just as the boss says that "okay, that'll do for today, I think we've gone through everything in the agenda" and didnt' get any protests, I felt some droplets leak into my panties. I felt my panties grow warm and wet, and thought "oh help, now I've done something horribly embarrassing and wrong", but I hoped I'd be able to hold the rest of it back.

When the others said good bye and left the room I thought I would be okay, but when I start getting up to collect my papers I feel myself becoming more warm and wet. I think I prayed to God then, because of course I realized I was not going to make it. When I got up to leave I felt that it started to run down my pants, I had no control anymore. I tried to clench my muscles all I could, but only made it out the door before it opened all the way, I pissed myself for the first time since I quit wearing diapers, and I got wet all the way down to my shoes, and all over my pants.

Then I had to take to walk all the way home because I didn't dare take th ebus when I was that wet. It was so incredibly embarrasing and humiliating, and on my way home I peed in my pants again several times and when I got home I was flooded, and I went into the shower with my clothes on before they were put in the washing machine. And you were right about how when you've held it for so long you lose control of your bladder for a period. I had many accidents myself the next three weeks, I peed myself several times a day then. But the weird thing is that I felt it becoming good after a while, and now sometimes I pee on myself just to have that great feeling of being warm and wet.

*009*2014-09-12 01:14

It wasn't me, it's a translation made by a Norwegian girl ;) . But yeah, it's an amazing story. I just feel really bad for the girl.

*020*2014-10-14 06:43

It makes sense, really. If you ran until your legs couldn't carry you anymore, you'd probably be tired in your legs for days.

