When WeeWillyWinkie first met Iris

Author: weewillywinkie

*000*2014-03-31 07:36

When Wee Willy Winkie first met Iris...

It was one of those chance encounters that seemed unimportant at the time, but which led to far more than I ever imagined.

First, a few words about myself. My name is William – Will to most people, and Willy only to my very closest friends. When I was a little kid, the ‘Wee Willy Winkie’ nursery rhyme was one of my favourites, it wasn’t until I got older that it took on a different significance.

I’m in my late forties and currently single. Two years ago, my long-term partner, Sue, met another younger bloke at work, and one thing led to another. I’ll be honest, I would have taken her back then, but she made it clear that she wanted out, and that was it. The irony is that she moved away with the guy only to find after a year or so that he was a total moron who may have been well-endowed between his legs, but didn’t have a thing between his ears. It didn’t last of course! By that time I’d got used to the idea of being single again, and when Sue asked if she could come back to me again, I politely but firmly declined her offer.

So I lived the bachelor life to the full. I had a couple flings with different women, and these were fun, but not really what I wanted. You see, Sue and I had a common interest in watersports - and I don’t mean sailing or swimming – which none of these other women shared. Consequently I had to revert to the games I used to play by myself in the years before I met Sue, to satisfy this need. I scoured the knicker-wetting sites for inspiration and finally hit on omorashi – something I’d never heard of before – which seemed to fit my interests perfectly. Anyway, that’s enough about my history. I want to tell you about the day I met Iris.

###

I had gone to my local pub one Sunday afternoon with my mate Robin for a couple of drinks one evening. We were sitting outside in the beer garden, and we got chatting to two women who were at the table next to ours. One of them was in her late thirties or early forties, probably five or ten years younger than me a bit younger than me. The other was a lot younger – maybe nineteen or twenty. I correctly guessed they were mother and daughter, and Robin, always with an eye out for young flesh, immediately homed-in on the younger woman.

They were both pleasant enough, and we exchanged names and chatted for a while before Amber, the younger woman went in to get another drink for herself and her mum. Robin immediately followed her, ostensibly to go to the gents, but in reality he fancied his chances and wanted to talk to the girl on her own. I shook my head as I saw him going after her. From the conversation so far I could tell she wasn’t interested in the slightest. She was at university and I’m sure she had a boyfriend of her own age there.

There were just the two of us left there, Iris (the mother) and me, and she smiled warmly at me as I was shaking my head at Robin’s rather obvious predatory behaviour. I happened to glance down below her table, and I couldn’t help noticing a dark pool of liquid on the concrete which I was sure had not been there before. Iris must have seen me looking, and she blushed to the roots of her hair. My mind immediately went into overdrive. Surely she couldn’t have peed herself, I thought.

“Are you OK Iris?” I asked with kindly concern in my voice.

“Yes, thank you Will. I just feel a bit hot that’s all. I think I’ll go to the ladies and splash some water on my face”. Iris got up to walk in to the pub.

Robin and Amber had not come back yet, and I quickly went over to Iris’s chair to check out my suspicions. Sure enough there were traces of pale yellow liquid on the seat of the white plastic garden chair. Wanting to spare her any possible embarrassment, I quickly wiped the chair dry with a tissue, and I kicked some loose soil over the puddle on the ground.

I’d just sat down again when Iris emerged from the pub. She looked more comfortable now. As she walked towards me I looked her up and down. I had already noted that she was certainly an attractive woman, dressed in black leggings and a pale blue t-shirt that showed off her nice tits. I had also noticed the wedding and engagement rings on her left hand. My appraisal of her as she walked back towards me confirmed what I had suspected though. Iris had definitely wet herself. From many years experience, I recognised the slight sheen in the crotch area of her leggings. I immediately felt a pulse of excitement.

As Iris went towards her chair she must have noticed that I’d tried to mop up after her accident. She sat down with a big sigh, then turned to face me. “Thank you Will”, she said, “you’re a very kind man”.

I had no chance to answer before Amber came back with more drinks for her mother and herself, closely pursued by Robin. Amber’s face said it all – she was a very pretty girl, and clearly used to fending off the unwanted attentions of middle-aged men! Robin, however, seemed completely oblivious to the non-verbal messages she was sending him that were so obvious to me.

Our glasses were almost empty, and it was Robin’s round. “Are you getting us another one in then Rob?” I asked jovially.

Robin tore his eyes away from Amber’s tits for a moment. “OK mate” he said reluctantly.

As soon as he had reached the pub door, Amber got up too. “I’m off to the loo, Mum” she said. Sneaking a glance at me, she added: “I don’t want that creep following me in there too!”

Iris and I exchanged knowing glances. Secrets shared between comparative strangers. As if we were aware that we only had a few minutes to talk alone together, Iris reached across and squeezed my hand. “Thank you so much Will” she repeated.

I had to show her I understood. “I have the same problem sometimes” I uttered like a schoolboy. There was nothing to lose. I added: “Sometimes I do it on purpose”.

The look of sheer relief that crossed Iris’s face was a joy to behold. She squeezed my hand again, then took it back so she could rummage in her bag. “Give me your number and I’ll text you later” she said urgently. I looked round and saw Robin approaching with a pint in each hand. I quickly passed told her my mobile number.

“Where’s Amber?” Robin asked even before he’d put the drinks down on the table.

“Gone to the ladies” I mouthed to him. Robin looked towards the pub. “Rob, forget it, just sit down and drink your beer” I said. I could see Iris smiling quietly. “Mate, she’s just not interested in you”, I continued, and Iris smiled some more.

“Well there’s no harm in looking is there”, Rob said out loud, quite unashamedly.

“Drink your been, man”.

“Amber’s boyfriend at Uni is reading criminology” Iris said to me, as if we had been talking about this before Rob returned. “He’s hoping to join the CID on the fast-track scheme for graduates when he’s finished.”

This news caused Robin to splutter on his beer. Iris can’t have known, but Rob was a bit of a wild lad in his youth, and he did a short spell in prison for fraud. I smiled to myself. Perhaps that would reduce his interest in Amber.

Amber returned, and Rob continued to stare at her boobs as we chatted about unimportant things. Iris and Amber finished their drinks first, and said goodbye to us, Rob watched the girl all the way to the car park.

Later that evening, my mobile bleeped with a text message. As I had hoped, it was Iris. The message read:

‘Will. Thank you for what you did for me at the pub. It was so nice that you understood. I doubt whether goggle-eyes Rob would have had a clue. If you would like to chat . . . and I mean just chat and nothing more, you can text me tomorrow night after six thirty. Iris x’

###

I couldn’t wait for six-thirty to arrive! In happy anticipation of, at the very least, a little flirty chat with a nice woman who wet herself sometimes, had got dressed and was prepared for some pee fun. I was wearing a pair of full brief type panties, in a stretchy but quite tight material. I had put them on back-to-front so as to keep everything in its place once I started to get aroused. I have always preferred womens’ underwear to mens’ for my wetting activities. Over my panties I had a favourite pair of very faded jeans, with a black t-shirt on top.

I was sitting in the small kitchen of my flat, which as well as providing easy access to drinks in the fridge, has a vinyl floor and is therefore perfect for my fun and games. At my kitchen table I have a set of four solid wooden chairs. When I bought these, I gave them several extra coats of exterior varnish to protect the wood from damage by pee. These chairs can be rather hard on the bum though, so I bought several sets of little cushions with strings that tie them on to the backs of the chairs. These cushionbs wash easily, and also have the advantage that they will absorb a certain amount of liquid too.

Since getting home from work an hour earlier, I had been steadily cold drinking water from a 2 litre bottle as I watched the minutes tick by. Six twenty-eight. The doorbell rang! I jumped up to answer it, irrationally half-expecting it to be Iris, entirely forgetting that she didn't know my address, or even my surname.

It was an elderly neighbour with a small packet fdor me that had been delivered to his flat whilst I was out. I it and thanked him, but he wanted to chat, and I didn’t feel I could just be rude and not speak to the old man. He is one of those people who loves the sound of his own voice, and despite me pointedly looking at my watch (it was six thirty-four by now), he showed no sign of stopping talking. Desperate measures were called for.

“Fred”, I interrupted, “I think my tea’s burning, I’ll have to go!”. Old Fred looked rather hurt for a moment, then he started telling, me the same story all over again.

“Fred, thanks very much for the parce;, but I’ve gotta go.” I almost had to slam the door in his face and felt guilty, but Iris would be waiting for my text!

Six thirty-six. Imitating her style, I quickly typed:

‘’Hi Iris. Thanks for your text last night. Would be great to chat – no strings or anything as you said. Will x’

I’d barely pressed the ‘send’ button when my phone rang. Damn! “Hello, William Wincanton I said as cheerfully as I could manage.

“William Wincanton indeed” the voice replied with a giggle. “Is that your real name, or is it ‘Wee Willy Winkie’?”

I nearly wet myself there and then. It was Iris!

I laughed. “Only my very special friends ever call me that” I said “but you can if you want to”.

“Thank you” Iris replied.

There was a long moment of silence. I guess neither of us quite knew where to go from there, but suddenly we both started talking at the same time and ended up giggling. That broke the ice nicely. I continued: “Look Iris, maybe we need to be clear with each other from the start. I saw your wedding ring, so I guess you’re married. I’m single, and I think it would be nice if we could be friends. After all we do share a common interest.”

“Just friends, Willy. I have a husband who I love very much. Nothing more. Agreed.”

“Agreed and understood Iris.”

“Good. So how long have you been into wetting yourself Willy?”

“Since I was a kid. And you?”

“Same. I might as well tell you that my husband and I enjoy wetting together too.”

“Do you often do it in public Iris?”

Iris laughed. “Not usually quite so publicly. That was a genuine accident at the pub. How about you?”

“I sometimes used to do it in public places with my partner before she left. But only when there was nobody else around, like in the countryside or on the beach. Never in a pub’s beer garden – at least not yet!”

“You know it’s so nice to speak to a man who understands what I do, and who isn’t trying to chat me up for sex”.

I must admit the thought of having wet sex with Iris had crossed my mind several hundred times, but I didn’t want to spoil things or scare her off. “It’s great to be able to talk to a kindred spirit, Iris” I replied.

We chatted for a while longer, moving on to peeing websites we had visited, I had an idea.

“Iris” I asked tentatively, “are you going to wet yourself now while we’re talking to each other”

“I thought you’d never ask Willy. Are you up for it too?”

“I’m already bursting” I said enthusiastically.

“Me too” Iris replied. “Shall I count down to zero, like NASA count down for rocket launches?”

“Yes, lets go for it. You count.”

“Nine thousand nine hundred and ninety- nine, nine thousand nine hundred and ninety eight...” Iris burst out laughing and I joined in.

“I certainly won’t be able to hold on all that long” I said.

“I like to hold on until I lose control” Iris replied. “Have you tried that?”

“No ... well yes, I have tried, but never quite succeeded in losing control. I’m always just a bit too impatient to wait that long”

“Typical man! Okay. Ten ... nine ... eight ... can you hold on all the way Willy?”

“I can just about manage it Iris. You?”

“Seven ... six ... five ... four... just about ... three ... two–oooo ... nearly lost it then ... one ... wait for it ... zero!”

As she said the word, this almost-stranger with whom I was talking so intimately, I squeezed and began to flood my clothes. It felt like several minutes before I was spent, pee dripping down on to the floor by my bare feet, and my erection flagpole-hard in my tight panties demanding immediate attention.

I was the first to speak. “Iris? Did you?”

“Oh boy that was good. I presume you did too Willy?”

By now I had undone my jeans and I was pumping furiously through the warm wet material. “Yeah, I soaked myself completely”. It didn’t feel quite right telling her I was relieving myself in a different way now.

“Are you wanking Willy” She knew!

“Yes. Ohhhh yes!” I was coming now

“You naughty man. I’ve only peed in my panties, but now I’m going to even out the score”

I listened to the unmistakable squelchy sounds of flesh rubbing against soaking wet fabric for a minute or so before Iris’s groans and a final squeal of pleasure drowned out the noises her fingers were making against her excited female flesh.

“Oooooh. Ohhhhh. Aaaaah.” the sounds of her pleasure were impossible to transcribe.

I gave her time to enjoy her climax without interruption.

“How do you feel Iris?”

“Lovely and warm and tingly”

“Me too”

“That’s good” I reckoned this would be as good a time as any to make a suggestion that had been in my mind for a while. “Iris, would you let me interview you, over the phone of course, sometime when you’re going to lose control and accidentally wet yourself”

“Why?”

“Well, as I said before I like to write fictional stories and send them to some of the wetting and omorashi websites for other people to read. A real-life story would be so much better.”

There was a long pause. “Can I trust you absolutely Willy?” Iris asked.

“Absolutely Iris. Cross my heart and hope to die.”

Iris laughed. “No real names, nothing to identify me?”

“I promise. Data protection at the highest level”.

“OK then. Sunday morning, say about eleven. I’ll be ready and desperate to pee”

Wow! I couldn’t believe my luck, and my half-soft erection was beginning to grow back to full strength again.

I'll tell you about what happenmed on Sunday morning another time!

WWW.

*003*2014-04-02 14:24

Thanks for your comments, Helena and Murphdog. I've just posted the transcript of my interview with Iris last Sunday. Hope you enjoy reading it asd much as I enjoyed talking to Iris over the phone!

WWW.

