I made a thing

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2016-01-21 07:38

Last time I posted an experience here was two years ago, so I believe some reintroductions are in order!

I transferred to a new university and am now continuing studying Economics in the US. I am about 5'4 tall, am not blessed in the chest department, and have a 28-inch waist. I have medium-length brown hair with bangs, green eyes, fair skin, wear glasses, etc. I have a youthful appearance and to this day, am still mistaken for being underage on rare occasions.

The story has multiple parts, all relevant to the end. They are divided for convenience. In this story, I go through a series of events and conclude in the end while wearing a special outfit.

Let's jump straight to it.

###♥###

This quarter, I have classes in the morning, and twice during the week, during the late evening as well. To compensate, I have a three-day weekend. Today was one of those busy days, so I woke up early, brushed my teeth, got dressed, packed my things, and out the door I went. This is not important, but I wore light jeans, a beige tunic that reached mid-thigh, and brown boots.

Missing something? I forgot to pee before leaving.

I bought a nice, large peppermint mocha before lecture. I sat down next to my classmate and diligently paid attention to my business and then, accounting lecture. Three hours later, I was out the door, finished for the morning, and with a comfortable feeling in my bladder.

I went home. A couple friends and I had agreed to meet later today at the arcade, so after washing my face and applying some basic makeup, I texted them saying I would be on my way soon. I did this while sipping on a tall glass of water, and afterwards, paid a visit to the restroom to pee. This would serve its purpose later. I took some tea with me in a container and out the door I went.

I got on the bus and listened to some music while I drank my tea. In about 40 minutes, I was at my destination and met my friends, who were waiting for me just outside the arcade. We played some music games for a coupul 'a hours and then took a small break to get something to eat. I had a sandwich and some water. Due to my plans, I had decided to not get anything with sugar, or excessive caffeine. After this, we returned to the arcade and stayed there until it was 6 PM. I had spent the entire afternoon playing music games and now it was dark outside, so one of my friends offered me a ride back to school for my lecture later that night.

Upon getting in the car, I realized that I may have overdone it and consumed more than I should have. Sitting felt a little uncomfortable and I was worried that my bladder was filling up at a faster pace than expected. Some turns and bumps caused a strong twinge and I wondered if I would really be fine during the lecture...

###♥###

I decided to buy another bottle of water at the convenience store on campus anyway and walked to my economics class. I sat in the back for obvious reasons and anticipated not focusing in class much. The lecture was set to last 90 minutes and I was already struggling to maintain my composure. I could feel the strain showing visibly on my face and decided it'd be best to just avoid interacting with others for the duration of the period.

30 minutes into class, the situation got pretty bad. I was shifting my legs every once in a while and I was beginning to feel quite nervous. I wasn't sure whether to get up for a short, quick pee but run the risk of attracting attention. I wasn't sure if I would even be able to get up properly and walk normally either. Antecedents of a story I read about a girl who completely peed herself as soon as she got up at the end of a lecture appeared in my imagination quite vividly and did not help my situation one bit. >.<

Tears began to well up in my eyes as my mind desperately tried to clear itself. I must have been too loud because suddenly, a guy sitting several rows in front of me turned around and looked at me. I immediately stopped, attempted to reset my expression, and looked the other way. "God, this is so embarrassing," I thought to myself. I could feel my cheeks becoming warm and my anxiety was slowly turning into fear. Fear that he might have picked up on what I was doing.

Eventually, I was able to gather the courage to get up and walk out of the lecture hall and into the restroom without an issue. I sat down on the bowl and did my business, with the intention to release just enough to ease some of the pressure. It was very difficult and required for me to press on my important areas, but once the pain associated with that subsided, I returned to lecture.

The same guy gave me the look as I returned to my seat. I made a weak smile, sat down, crossed my legs and then wore a serious expression for the rest of the lecture. When class was dismissed, he called out to me as I got up and I froze in my tracks. I could feel myself beginning to blush and averted my expression away from his face.

"Hmph," I puffed as I walked hurriedly out of the lecture hall.

I finished the last bit of water I had and threw the bottle in the recycling bin just before crossing the street. Things were pretty bad and I felt my bladder was becoming weaker, like the sensation when it just becomes unable to hold it in and before you know it, liquid is escaping from your body and you can't stop it. I listened to some music so that I could calm down a little and continued to walk back home.

I got home without any noteworthy mishaps and made my way inside. I stripped completely and began getting ready for what I had spent all day preparing. I noticed a small patch that was darker than usual on the crotch of my jeans and began to feel titillated.

###♥###

I pulled out a lingerie set intended for sexytime (That I have not had a chance to fully make use of, mind you.) consisting of a black lace-trimmed bra with white ribbons and matching panties with a cute garter belt to wear with plain, black stockings.

I pulled out a maid outfit that I had intended to wear for this occasion. It is a long, black uniform that reaches my ankles and has frills and lace everywhere. There's a cute bow in the middle, has puffed shoulders, and comes with a headdress, wire petticoat, and apron. It was like $350 because it is a genuine uniform from a brand that specializes in dresses of this nature. Why on Earth would I ever do something to ruin something this expensive? Because sometimes, we do incredibly stupid things just to satisfy our sexual urges, especially when they have been unfilled for an insane amount of time.

As if a switch was flipped, my breathing became heavy, I began to feel hot inside, and I literally could not put the thing on without first masturbating furiously. I crawled towards the fridge to get the last bit of tea I intended for tonight and used it to calm myself down. I was sitting on my feet, dressed in perhaps one of the most fetishized uniforms of all time, just moments away from completely peeing myself. At that moment, had anything that stood on two legs appeared before me, male or female, human or even nonhuman, I would have fucked it with everything I had.

Lastly, I plugged in the Magic Wand I had left on the sofa, leaned back facing the mirror, lifted my legs so I could see my panties in the mirror, and flipped the switch on. Everything from that moment on became something I could barely fit into words.

Seconds within rubbing the head of the vibrating massager on my clit, I began peeing, wetting myself, and getting it on who knows what else. The clear liquid, that I had worked throughout the entire day to achieve, was incredibly clear, and would effectively leave minimal odors afterwards. My bottom lip tingled as I felt a strong rushing feeling, and urine splattered everywhere as if it were rain, accompanied by an erotic hiss emanating from my body. Moments later, I came. My body weakened greatly and the tingling sensation continued. My vision became hazy but rather than collapse like in my previous experiences, I instead tightened my grip on the vibrator and continued without stopping.

Warmth continued to embrace my body and my butt was completely soaked. My legs easily slipped onto each other and my toes were dripping. The maid uniform has a series of layers of fabric, one which is less porous than the others, allowing fluids to flow out from the bottom, rather than soak through on the sofa. I could feel sweat forming, and because of the angle I was in, vapor from my mouth was causing my glasses to fog again. Unable to see, and weakened, I closed my eyes and focused on the rhythmic actions of my hand.

I moved downwards, then upwards, squirting each time as I went, and gradually increasing in speed. Heavy breathing turned into soft moans, and eventually...

The vibrator fell from my hand and onto the floor with a splashing sound, and there I laid... for who knows how long.

###♥###

Eventually, I was awakened by the faint sound of a phone call that I of course, missed. Clothes that have been soiled by urine should be washed before they dry in order to prevent them from damage, I think. I've never had the problem, but I guess stains on light-colored fabrics is possible. Again, I stripped, had a quick shower to rinse myself off, washed my face, and put some pajamas on. I gathered my clothes, put them into a basket, and headed to the laundry room, which was fortunately empty.

Afterwards, I returned to my apartment, hung my dry clothes in the closet, and mopped my floor clean. The edge of a cushion on the sofa was a little wet and some of the walls and the mirror had evidence of being sprayed on. I wiped them clean and wiped the sweat off my brow as well.

And then, I spent the rest of the evening wondering if what I had just experienced was real.

I fell asleep with that thought, along with how wonderful it would be to share this with someone someday.

{{:

Sorry! I chose to not include images this time because of the privacy issue it could present on other social networks I use.

Please understand.

}}

*007*2016-01-22 07:07

Thank you for your feedback, everyone. ❤️

{{ 

Oh, and happy birthday! x)

}}

Thank you! I don't use my real birthdate on here, but it's close enough.

{{ 

What about the fellow from class, who was obviously interested in your desperation?

}}

I'm pretty bad with guys, actually. He caught me in a vulnerable state and I felt a little scared because I did not know his intentions, so I just brushed him off completely.

{{ 

I hope the maid outfit gets future use ;)

}}

I actually cosplay somewhat seriously and sometimes use the uniform for that purpose, so I kind of feel bad about abusing it in this manner.

God knows how many roleplay fantasies I'd have with it on, though. But only you guys can know this. ❤️

*010*2016-02-25 03:58

{{ 

Lovely story =D But didn't you feel uncomfortable laying there soaking wet?

}}

Only a little bit. Thankfully I did not have the AC on when I did this, otherwise I would have probably woken up from the sensation of feeling all cold and clammy. >~<

