Outdoors wetting

Author: whitwetwhat

*000*2013-07-14 21:04

So, last weekend I went to my family cabin in the mountains and got to play out a real fantasy of mine. It rained nearly the whole weekend, but finally there was a break in weather so I announced that I was going for a quick hike and swim.

I put on a sports bra and tshirt and some khaki shorts made of quick-dry material. Not ideal for what I had planned, but perfect for the stated purpose. They have a mesh underpant built in... again, if I'd had the cabin to myself I'd have worn a pair of thick cotton underpants I bought online. But it was what it was. I threw on my hiking/watershoes and grabbed my walking stick, a bottle of water and headed out.

The hike was a traiI I take often. It was warm and muggy from the rain, so I kept taking sips from the bottle. I had been on a slow/steady regimen of water all weekend... just in case.

I finally reached my destination. This gorgeous waterfall off the trail with a deep pool for swimming. Under the best of circumstances, the sight and sound of it make me nearly wet my pants almost instantly. I've often let go once I got in.

That day... I stood on the rocks, near the edge and waited...

It wasn't long before I couldn't hold it another second.

A small hot spurt escaped. It dripped through my mesh underpants, slid down the hi-tech shorts fabric, and spattered on the rock.

I gave in and wet my shorts completely. The sound of my pee and the sound of the falling water muffled my sigh of relief.

My shorts repelled the liquid and within seconds looked dry. I was disappointed by that, as I love that notorious dark stain and watching it spread.

But my legs were glistening and there was a nice puddle at my feet. I blushed and grinned. Then I jumped into the cold water and rinsed away the evidence. I splashed some water on my puddle and after a nice swim, hiked back.

I was nearly dry when I reached the cabin. Next time I want to wear clothes that will hold the pee a little longer. I wanted to stand at the edge of the rocks and feel it go from hot to cold.

Otherwise, a terrific nature break.

*003*2013-07-20 19:03

I had an amazing adventure this morning. I was typing it and three minutes from posting and got interrupted. I lost the whole thing. I'll retype it and post it later today. Spoiler alert. The damp bottom in my profile picture is from my trip to the Farmers Market this morning.

*004*2013-07-21 00:49

It has been two weeks since my waterfall excursion. When I woke up this morning, I was ready to play again. I've been traveling for the past 5 weekends and I didn't have anything in the house to eat, so I decided I'd to the Farmers Market.

I showered and dressed. I put on a bra and my favorite panties - a pair I bought online. They remind me of the type I wore as a little girl. I believe the brand was called Spanky Pants - I call them my "big girl panties"; they are a very thick white cotton and very absorbent, wide leg bands and a double layer in the seat. Soft and warm - I love wearing them. They are not especially sexy, but they make me feel amazing. On top of that I wore black shorts, sandals and a t shirt.

I grabbed my wallet, keys, phone and a shopping bag. I specifically ignored years of training reminding me to "go before I left home", even though I kind of needed to.

My first stop was at the bank to get money out of the ATM. Since Sonic is right next door, I stopped and got two large unsweetened t iced teas. I was thirsty - it has been very hot here in the Southeastern US. It was about 95* at 10am.

I live in a fairly large city with a huge year-round Farmers Market which is especially busy during the summer. I drove to the market, about ten minutes from my house. Traffic was typically steady for Saturday morning but I seem to get stopped at every light and by the time I arrived I had finished one of my drinks, and made good progress on the second.

The market was already packed. I had to wait for car to give up a space so I could park. The market has a nursery, two pairs of open air stalls on the North and South ends, and a climate controlled building in the middle with restaurants and shops.

I started at the nursery and decided I would walk the full length of the market, North to South and check it out before I started shopping. I threw my keys and wallet and phone in the bag, but put the cash in my pocket for easy access.

The North end, where the nursery is, was busy - filled with people carrying bags of all kinds of interesting foods, kids in strollers, older people with walkers - the gamut of Saturday shoppers. I noted a few stands I wanted to stop at on my way back and worked my way through the crowd. It was warm, and that slight urge I had when I first left the house grew a little stronger.

I went into the enclosed building - not many of the shops or restaurants were open that early, but I did notice a new bakery. I decided I'd walk by it on my way back. I went into the Indian Market and bought some Garam Masala powder.

I headed back out into the heat to the South Stalls. These are generally kind of a bust - lots of cheap sunglasses, irregular tube socks, tiger print velour blankets - you get the idea. But there was a man there making jewelry, and I saw a pair of earrings I liked. I was planning to buy them and move along, but the guy started talking with me while he wrapped the earrings up, and didn't hand them to me until ten minutes into a story. I was fidgeting a little by that point - but unless you knew what you were looking for, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.

I made my way through the rest of that end, and back into the main building. I glanced longingly at the ladies room at the South entrance but told myself that I wasn't going to give in that easily. I stopped at the bakery and looked for a few minutes, but there were three people in line to buy, and I kept going. Going from the hot to cold to hot was hitting me like a ton of bricks.

Back at the North stalls, I started shopping. My first stop was a stand where she was selling wildflowers. I always love having fresh flowers, and I must not be alone because there is almost always a line. I squirmed while she waited on the man ahead of me, who insisted on talking to her for a good five minutes while I choreographed the opening number of Pee Pee Dance - The Musical.

I finally bought my flowers and headed to buy blueberries. That was quick and easy, now onto another stall for blackberries, and that's when it happened.

I was shifting from foot to foot waiting to pay, and a woman came by with a stroller bigger (and nicer) than my first car. She glanced my hip with it and jostled me. As she apologized, I felt a hot, wet spurt escape into my panties. I blushed with shame. I quickly paid for blackberries and knew that if I was going to make it home, I needed to get moving.

At the next two stops I quickly bought tomatoes and lady peas (ha, ha, yes I know - I was trying not to wet my pants and buying 'lady peas'). I went to one of my favorite stalls and bought squash and had to bite my lip as the old woman at that stand made change slowly. Finally, my last purchase, a cantaloupe. As I was paying, another hot spurt... the farmer asked several times if I wanted to get three for five dollars instead of just the one. I just shook my head. He made a big show of picking the perfect melon and bagging it for me while I pressed my thighs together harder.

Since the bathrooms at the market are pretty nasty and absent lots of nice clean surfaces, I didn't want to take my food in with me. I walked quickly to my car and while I was digging through the shopping bag for my keys, I felt another spurt. This one made it through the panties and hit my shorts. I could feel it rolling back and soaking the seat of my thick underpants. I threw my bags in the trunk and waved off angry honks from cars waiting for my spot.

I quickly hobbled to the North entrance restrooms. I was cursing under my breath, chewing my lip in agony and squirming in discomfort. It was quite a show. I got to the door and there was tape across it with a sign. CLOSED. PLEASE USE RESTROOMS AT SOUTH ENTRANCE. You can't make this stuff up. I broke into a speed walk, knowing I was riding the fine line between the private pleasure of damp shorts and the public humiliation of a full throttle uncontrolled pants-wetting.

With seconds to spare, I made it to the ladies room, tore down my shorts and panties and peed for at least a full minute. Whew!

In the traffic choked fifteen minute ride home I enjoyed sitting in my own damp, feeling the wetness grow cool in the air conditioning, and I grew both aroused and urgent again, though a little less so. I got into the house, unpacked my shopping bag and wiggled at the kitchen sink while I put my flowers in a vase and filled it with cool water.

I went to my bathroom, took off the shorts and sandals and took the picture now in my profile. Then stood still and waited. A hot spurt, then I lost control - wetting my panties full-force until the thick cotton hung limp at the crotch and seat. I washed up, soaked up the puddle and started a load of laundry.

I changed into dry underpants and jeans and that was that. For now.

