Coworker's Sudden Desperation

Author: PrincessEsther

*000*2014-10-14 13:18

Alright. So. I guess I'll sort of start with a short desciption of the girl in question. Vaguely. Really vaguely actually. She's sort of a total hottie, in a little bit of a punkish sort of way. A few piercings in places that aren't ears, spikes on wristbands... Etc... I probably actually didn't describe punkish in any way. But anyways, she's definitely got an attitude, but at the same time she flirts with like every dude at work. Like, I certainly appreciate her attractiveness, but I don't know if she's my type, and I don't know her that well at all, so I try not to stare or anything, but I certainly appreciate it.

The story begins after our break at work yesterday. We're walking from our breakroom, and I notice she's lagging behind a bit, but I think nothing of it, even though she's always way up ahead of everybody. We eventually get to our post break meeting, and I notice she's looking a bit anxious. And then I notice she's got her legs pressed tight together... And then she bobs up and down a few times... And then she just makes it completely obvious by just shoving her hands down there and holding herself and doing a potty dance while we're all standing in this big circle.

Now, I'm wondering at this point why this girl would wait so long that she would have to resort to potty dancing in front of all her coworkers. Probably not something she wanted to do. She had time during break to go too. Then she shivers, and it hits me. So me and my coworkers work in this big warehouse. Lots of fans blow all the time, but all the workers are actually pretty good at generating a lot of heat in our work areas. It gets sorta hot like, all the time. Except when we go on breaks, it usually cools down super a lot, especially if the fans don't get turned off. Now this last shift, we had a coldfront coming though. Soooo, we leave the breakroom, and it's basically freezing in comparison. The cold made her need to pee.

So I'm watching this girl do a potty dance while our manager is talking about our goals for the day and stuff, and she's talking about how she needs all of us to be working 100% today and everything, blah blah blah, and I can't even concentrate on any of that, because despite how I try not to look at people that way, there's this total hottie not 10 feet away from me struggling to hold her pee in. At this point, she had only taken her hands from her crotch to try to warm herself up with a little friction on her arms. You know that thing people do. But then it's time for our stretches, because those are actually required from our work, because they want us to be safe and whatnot. So we're doing those, and she's certainly struggling to keep form, squirming around and trying to keep her legs together, especially since her hands need to be out of crotch now...

But finally we get to the lunges part of our stretches, and I realize she's about to have some difficulties. The look on her face was so nervous, I swear. She kinda halfasses a few with her hands down there again, but then I guess she sorta realizes she's doing okay with the halfassed ones, and tries some actual lunges, hands out from between her face and all, and this look of panic hits her face, and I look down and I see that she's managed to leak a bit. I can't tell you how much I enjoyed that. Not even a second later, her hands go back to their holding position. Nobody says anything to her about it the whole time.

Finally the managers finishes talking about whatever it was she was talking about... My mind was elsewhere. We break to get back to work, and my coworker makes a straight up beeline for the restroom. Needing to pee a bit myself, though nowhere near as badly, I follow behind a little, perhaps less to pee and more to watch for just a few more second. She's a fair bit ahead of me, being in a bit of a hurry as she was, and stops for a moment standing still in standard pee holding position. A second or two passes and she starts hurrying back again, making it to the restroom shortly after. Now I didn't see much of her jeans after that lunge, but I'm imagining she had a fair bit of a leak right there. What I know though is that she definitely leaked a bit on the way to the ladies room, because I saw drops on the floor where she had.

Figuring I wasn't getting any more of a show besides seeing a wet spot later, I went to the restroom and finished up in there. I wait a little bit because I still haven't heard her flush or wash her hands or anything, but then I hear the hand dryer kick in... And stay in... For awhile. I notice I should probably get back to work, but she definitely hadn't yet... She came out of the restroom at least 10-15 minutes later, notably still blushing crazy hard, but with dry pants. Now I dunno if a full on accident occurred, or if there was a giant puddle in the ladies, though I'm sorta doubting we're that lucky... But she was definitely drying off her pants in there for awhile.

I didn't say anything about it to her, and I don't think anybody else did either, but wow... I am glad I witnessed that. And I'm hoping you guys are glad I shared it.

And oh wow. I'm hoping it doesn't warm up today... And I'm really looking forward to the cooler months...

P.S. Not editing this any at all. Sorry if typos or anything, or if I didn't explain something properly. Or if you just can't visualize this girl and event.

