Desperate in Line to Complain, witnessed event

Author: New Era

*000*2014-10-30 21:24

Waiting in Line to Complain

Today I was in a department store to complain about a product I had bought there that had stopped working. Seems like everyone had the same idea, because there was a queue of 5 people waiting already. Too bad there was only one employee behind the counter. Everyone in the "queue" was standing scattered around, so not in a line. This allowed me to have a good view at a particular young woman in the queue.

This slim woman immediately stole my attention with her good looks. She wore tight washed blue jeans and a short jacket that wasn't long enough to cover her perfect bum. She had long, wavy red hair that flowed down to her lower back.

Right away she was fidgety, sort of dancing without lifting her feet from the ground. I thought she might have to pee. After a few more minutes, she bowed forwards once, like she was trying to hold in her pee. I was sure from her body language that she needed to pee, and wondered how long she had been in the queue.

She kept pee dancing discreetly, and, lucky for her, after 20 minutes it was her turn. When standing at the counter she stood with her feet together, and also her thighs together, which could have been natural as she was leaning on the counter. It could have fooled almost anyone. But because she made sure to keep them so tight constantly I'm sure she did it because she wanted to hold in her pee without appearing fidgety. In fact, every time she didn't stand in this clenched stance, she appeared fidgety again.

The complaint took a long time to handle, probably ten minutes. The employee went out from the counter to get something, and as the customer turned to look in her direction she casually swung her right foot around her left and tightened her crossed legs momentarily before swinging the other way. She appeared to have an intense need to pee and I wondered what she would do if she felt she couldn't hold it.

The employee made some mistakes with putting the faulty item in a new box, and a new item in the old box, or something like that. Now she started getting impatient with the employee in a low-key way, pointing to the correct boxes while discreetly pee dancing.

After about 2 more minutes she was done and walked out of the store. Unfortunately I don't know what happened to her after that.

