First Cinema Wetting

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-08-25 13:02

For those who have read my other cinema stories you will know that my trips to the cinema always have an omorashi factor to them thanks to the huge Pepsi I get every time I go. Whether it be peeing into the empty cup because I am bursting and don't want to miss the film or holding on and wetting myself after the film. Either way I always love going to the cinema....but this trip I felt really naughty.

We decided to go and see "LUCY" on Friday and we always go to the late viewings of films so we looked at the screening times and the latest viewing was 23:30. We were chilling out waiting to go to the cinema when our friends asked us if we wanted to go to pizza hut before hand as they were hungry and it was only over the road from the cinema so we said we would and headed over to meet them. This was the start of my naughtiness because usually when i get a big Pepsi at the cinema I can usually hold on till the end of the film if it is a short one, which this one was. However whilst at pizza hut I wasn't thinking and got unlimited refills and had five glasses of lemonade.

Once we had finished we headed over to the cinema and I bought my huge Pepsi and we went and sat in the screen. As usually happens i had finished two thirds of my drink before the movie started and within half hour of the movie it had all gone. I could feel my bladder filling up and was thinking about what fun thing i could do after we left the cinema. Half an hour later my bladder was starting to feel really full. It was filling up really fast. I began to wiggle slightly and looked at the time, i figured there was about 30 minutes left and was confident I could hold it.

15 minutes passed and my bladder reached bursting point, i was sat wiggling and bouncing in my seat trying to keep my knickers dry, I couldn't understand why i was so full so fast....then i remembered the refills in pizza hut, five glasses of lemonade plus the Pepsi, i couldn't even work out how much liquid that was....but it felt like a lot, pushing on my pee hole trying to make it open. There was only ten minutes left of the film and then the credits but I wasn't bothered about them, i could hold it ten more minutes and then go and pee. Five minutes later I was doubting this, i was on the verge of starting to leak into my knickers and i knew once i started i wouldn't be able to keep it under control for long. I glanced over and saw my sister with her legs crossed wiggling and knew she was feeling the same mounting pressure on her pussy. I willed the film to hurry up and finish, i knew it was imminent.

Suddenly my pee hole opened and a leak escaped dampening my knickers. I jammed my hand against my pussy to hold on just a couple more minutes. I leaked again....and again. I was on the verge of wetting myself, i couldn't stop the leaks from coming. Suddenly a spurt escaped soaking the front of my knickers. I glanced at my cup thinking if the film didn't end really really really soon it was going to get filled with pee. But then as i looked at it i had an idea. Lots of people on here have told stories about how they have pee'd at the cinema but I never have and have always wanted to try it.

I looked round and there were only four other people in the cinema sat towards the front (one of the reasons we go to late viewings). I lifted up my skirt around my waist and my bladder must have realised what i was doing because it spurted twice before suddenly letting go and causing me to soak my knickers and the seat. I sighed in relief as my bladder emptied. The feeling of peeing coupled with the knowledge of where i was peeing was making me so horny. Eventually i stopped peeing and sat back happily. My wet knickers clung to my body and the seat felt all wet and squishy. I pulled my skirt down sat on the edge of the seat as to not get it wet.

The film ended and the credits and my sister jumped up and said "oh thank god, im about to burst" and ran down the aisle and down the stairs. My friend stood up and said "yeah me too" and ran after her. The rest of us walked out and went and stood outside to wait for them. My friend came out looking happy and said "that was close, i didn't think i was going to make it". This sent my imagination running wild. Then i came back to reality when my sister walked towards us smiling. I asked if she enjoyed that and she giggled and said "oh god yes" and proceeded to lift up her skirt and show us very wet knickers and legs. I looked at her and all she said was "ooooopsie". I giggled and we headed over to the car and headed home.

When we got home we shared a shower and helped each other relieve our other needs ;)

The End

Hope you enjoyed, sorry i haven't been about much lately i have been busy, but i hope to post more stuff soon :)

*012*2014-08-29 18:00

{{ 

We missed your adventures Gemmy

Welcome back :)

}}

Thanks :D

