Tickling Joanne

Author: aqua

*000*2011-07-12 03:30

Joanne

I was living with Joanne. We had gone on a trip and in a nice motel were playing with whipped cream and tickling. We were both in our underwear, me just my underpants and she tickling me lightly and playfully; she in a pair of white cotton panties with lots of lace on the legs and front and a sexy low cut white lace bra. I loved the way she looked and was very turned on.

I've always loved women in their underwear. I had the whipped cream. She lay down on the hallway floor...ready for me to squirt her...I did, on her stomach...she had been giggling anyway, and I was lightly tickling her. 

Without any warning as soon as she felt the cold whipped cream on her skin she began uncontrollably to wet her panties and the floor...laughing hysterically. I didn't see her at first, but then realized what was going on....I squatted some more on her...then stopped...and watched her soak herself, laughing out of control and peeing out of control. I felt her pee through her panties and she made no effort to stop me....I was very turned on.

Finally she stopped and I began to lick the whipped cream off her...and hand one hand on her very warm, wet and dripping panties. I loved it....and she knew it. I got on top of her, and in our beginning love making mixed the whipped cream and her pee all over our bodies. It was lovely, at least for me. I came inside her some while later, not even taking her soaked panties off, but pulling them to one side. We made love very intensely, I feeling her wet ass as we rolled on the floor, loving the way the warm wet cotton felt and we fucked.

We never managed to repeat that. Probably a one time experience....But

Joanne is a woman who's often had and still has peeing accidents, and many, many close calls. But, again, those are another story. 

That's it for the three times I've tickled a girl or woman and she's wet herself. I've talked with many women who've wet themselves from laughing too hard, and have been with Joanne at least a dozen times she wet her pants or panties from laughing too hard...sometimes just a small spot, other times an out of control accident where she's totally soaked herself and left a large puddle....a few times in very public places like an outside bar and on the street. Once at a street fair.

I knew a few girls in college who'd wet themselves from laughing too hard...and loved their embarrassment and the way they told the story. I have a close friend, former lover, who used to wet herself in high school and beyond when she and her sister would get into tickling fights. She's described them to me in some detail. Occasionally her sister would also wet herself, but it was usually my friend....Indeed, she's a women who often has mini-accidents not related to tickling, and an occasional large accident. 

In fact, I've never known anyone else to have so many small 'spurting' accidents, often a couple a week, mostly small, but not always. But those, too, are subject for another day.

*002*2011-07-13 15:35

All are real; and I"ve gotten quite a few girls/women to tell me in detail about wetting experiences. And yes, these were my tickling experiences early on, I've had a few since...perhaps I'll describe those at some point.

