Cape blanco experience

Author: lightman

*000*2015-08-07 00:46

If any one went to cape blanco this year then you now of how bad the first day was for a lot of people. with its 5 + mile long road jam they had. if you were one of the people to get their early then you were lucky as hell. my 3 friends and i were actually stuck in that traffic jam for nearly an hour and a half. and at that time we were still only half way there! at least their was one good thing that happened out of all of it. while we were stuck my friend jen (not her real name) had to pee really bad and was the type of girl who only went out camping maybe 3 times in her life and did not want to go out behind a tree where someone she didn't know could see her. during the hour and a half we were in the cramped truck we all were trying to convince her to go out and go, or to pee in a plastic water bottle we had.

But she was too stubborn to listen and continued to hold it. something funny that happened that around this time Blake Shelton drove past us and jen got so excited about it that she nearly forgot she was holding herself and peed her pants a little. once we were half way there jen was so close to breaking she was even thinking of peeing it the water bottle. lucky for her their was a small campsite right there how agreed to let us park the truck there and even had a bathroom for her to use. she was literally out of the car the moment it stopped and ran to the bathroom. once she was out we messed with her a bit about it as we walked for half an hour just to see the final show of the first day, Blake Shelton.

But that's not where it ends. during the second day i ended up seeing some girl that was completely drunk stumble around and fall over before some security (i think they were security) helped her up and take her off somewhere. and while they were practically dragging this woman she decided to piss herself.

So i got to hear live country music and i got 2 free wet shows. that was the best trip i've ever had.

