Peeing in public and getting caught

Author: maxpee

*000*2014-09-27 17:10

Hi there! I'm gonna tell you two stories about desperation and squatting in public that happened at the end of July, two nights in a row. I was staying in a big city for the weekend because there were parties and everything.

The first night I was there with Jess .. Let's call her my crush. We didn't really have a relationship.

Anyway, we had lots of fun that night, looking at concerts, dancing, drinking beers and cocktails. We were staying in a hotelroom that night. At 4 a.m. we decided to go back to the hotel. Jess kept saying to me that she needed to pee. I love being around her, she always needs to pee .. I guess she has a small bladder :D. Anyway I told her we were really close to the hotel and that she would be able to hold it untill then. But she kept saying otherwise. She pulled me into a dark street and said she would pee there. I was certain she would get caught because there were constantly people walking around on the main street. But I saw she really needed to go, she wasn't able to stand still for one second and touched her crotch every now and then. 

The need to pee was bigger than her shame of getting caught. Before I knew it, she had stripped her pants down and I was looking at her half naked body. She squatted to pee, but that very second a group of boys passed by and made a very loud comment that peeing in public was only for males! Jess got scared, pulled up her pants again, took my hand and we ran away, giggling and shouting it wasn't fair :D Our hotel was literally one street further. Jess asked me to hurry up with the keys and I saw her lifting her feet constantly. When we got into our room, she rushed to the toilet to pee. I thought it was a pity she made it in time, but was already reeaaaally horny by then. No need to say the rest of the evening was great too ;)

The next day, Jess went home and I stayed in the city to party with some friends. Me and Sarah and some other friends had been drinking a lot of booze before we were going to a party. We had to walk quite a while from the place where we slept to the party and on our way, me and Sarah had to pee really bad (yep, the alcohol was doing his work :D). We even got held up because I bumped into an old friend. Sarah just couldn't stop shouting how badly she needed to go and I did nothing else but shouting I needed to go too. I must have been really annoying for our friends :D. We constantly looked behind every corner to find a place to pee.

Eventually we saw an open gate that lead to some kind of field with grass and some trees. 20 meters behind the field there was a building with lots of people. It made me think of an art gallery. We thought this was a great spot to pee. Sarah didn't hesitate a second. She pulled her pants down really fast, squatted and started to pee immediatly. I was still looking to see if nobody was around. Sarah shouted I could just go there, so I did. I pulled my pants down right next to her. She was almost finished by then and that moment she shouted someone was coming! I knew I had to hurry up! I put a lot of pressure on my bladder, causing me to pee with a very hard and audible stream just to finish in time! The second I pulled my pants up, I saw a man standing next to us. 'What are you doing here?', he asked. I just ran off back on the street, I hadn't even had time to properly close my pants.

The funny thing is that we only had to walk three more minutes before arrived at the party. We easily would have made it in time. But hey, peeing in public is so much more fun, right? ;)

