Wet as Water

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-08-13 02:29

I parked where the road became a path. I took the blanket and ice chest from the trunk; she carried the picnic basket. We disappeared into the woods.

Ten minutes walk and the path debouched onto a gravel bar, where the river made a lazy, rippling curve around a shoal. I gathered drift wood and kindled a fire. She spread the blanket and the picnic. We reclined and ate, listened to insects and the river, watched a soaring hawk, and forgot that anyone else was in the world -- just she and I.

She stood, drew off her tee shirt and sports bra, stepped out of her shorts and panties, kicked off her shoes, smiled, and walked into the water. I was not far behind.

Below the shoal, the water deepened into a crystal pool, well over our heads in depths, yet so clear we could count the pebbled on the bottom. We swam and floated and touched and drew together.

We kissed. I ran my hands down her sleek back, moulding her perfect buttocks, drawing her close. The water was cool, but solid ice could not have shrunk my hardness at that moment.

She moved her feet apart and drew my hand down between her legs. I ran my fingers through her nether hair. I found her slit. The water became strangely warm.

What! She was peeing! I nearly swallowed my tongue! I sure didn't see that coming.

She was private about bathroom things. She knew I was into wetting. She didn't mind. I would wet my pants; she would change me; we would make love. But she would never wet herself. It was my one disappointment with her.

I held her close, savoring every delicious second. The warmth faded. The water returned to cool. I withdrew my hand.

She smiled. "Did that make you happy?" she asked.

Happy? I thought I had died and gone to Heaven.

Unless she sat down in a puddle, I would never see her in wet pants. Too bad; but I could handle it. She was girl all over and all mine. I recognize blessings when they come, and I am thankful.

I held her buttocks. She wrapped her legs around me. All things came together. We were one.

We dressed, gathered our things, walked back to the car, drove home, said good night.

