A Long Day's Desperation

Author: Infernal

*000*2010-11-17 11:55

First off, this is going to be a story about me being very desperate (and even wetting myself a little!) and so it holds that, seeing as I am male, the following is all about... male desperation. Now, if that's not kosher for this site (forgive me, I'm still getting used to this) then it can be deleted or modified or skipped or what have you. Otherwise, have a read!

###

Alcohol, specifically beer, gets me going worse than anything else at all, which I'm sure is the case for quite a lot of people. I'd had quite a few beers at the office party, as many others had also done, and we'd broken up for the night after I had already broken the seal and peed about three times total. Naturally, alcohol muddles one's judgement a bit, but I was merely silly rather than outright useless, and so as everyone was breaking up I thought about the fact that there really hadn't been a lot to eat at this party, and with a lot of beer in my system, getting some food and some water in my system before bed would be a good idea. When I left the drinking place to start biking home, I really didn't have to pee that much, and during the trip home I felt the urge growing a bit.

What I didn't realize is that apparently the action of bicycling is rather good for suppressing the pee urge; sitting upright and constantly working one's legs seems to have masked how badly I really needed to go. It was only when I had to stop for the light at the crossing did I realize that I REALLY had to go and was still about ten minutes away from the burger shop where I had planned to pee after making my order. But, in my not-so-wise state of tipsiness, as soon as I got back on my bike and the urge dissipated a bit, I forgot how badly I'd needed to go and rode right past a convenience store where I could have stopped for a pee if only I'd been thinking. The lights were all green and I whizzed on through, finally pulling up in the lot a few minutes later and dismounting.

Now, what I think really got me was the suddenness of it; this happens to me anyway with alcohol, but I went from "kinda need to pee" to "holy shit I'm about to wet myself" when I got off my bike and stood up. Yet, one of the things that does get me in trouble is my consideration of efficiency. I quite literally thought this to myself: "Well, if I order first and THEN pee, while I'm peeing my order is getting made, so I use my time more efficiently. If I pee first, then the time spent peeing is wasted." So I went into the burger shop, hunched over slightly forward as I walked quickly, and went to place my order at the counter, determined to do this first before dashing off to pee.

The only problem was that I had severely underestimated how bad I had to go and overestimated how well I could hold it, and I was startled to realize, as I was paying for my order at the counter, that I was actually squirting pee into my boxers right there; I was wearing a dress shirt and pants, and I was peeing into them right then and there. I didn't grab myself, and managed to stem the flow by squeezing my thighs together just long enough to get my change and dash for the toilet; the damage was, apparently, limited to a few small stains on my boxer shorts, but it was quite literally the first time I have felt myself let go in my pants. Having avoided any major damage, I finished peeing and washed my hands and took my food home, and had something to eat. I reflected on the experience, realizing that there'd been hardly any desperation, but a very sudden wetting.

I went home and started drinking a lot of water and just sort of unwinding when a phone call came from my friend, saying that there was a smaller after-party continuing nearby... so lacking proper judgment, that's exactly where I went, having drank about half a liter of water beforehand and going out to drink yet more beer. It hit me again as we were leaving that place to go home, but this time the desperation was stronger. Much, much stronger. Since I was walking home with my friend, I avoided appearing too desperate, but I was so badly in need of the toilet that I'm sure I was walking very fast down the street. Having already peed my pants once suddenly came to mind; a few squirts in front of someone I don't know that weren't even visible is one thing, but actually peeing myself with a friend would be embarrassing beyond words. I had no choice; I had to grip my shaft through my pocket or pee myself. Walking with one's penis in one's hand is not easy.

I was inebriated enough that I don't quite remember the whole way home. All I remember is being crazily desperate when I came in the door, banging into walls and missing the light switch and all sorts of other mishaps in my frenzy to make it to the bathroom. Make it I did, and what a satisfying pee that was, but I knew that to avoid a hangover - something I definitely did not want to experience at work the next day - more water was called for, and I drank about another liter of water before bed, peed another time before bed, and went to sleep...

...and then woke up to go pee...

...and then woke up again to go pee...

...and then woke up a third time to pee...

...before finally waking up at my accustomed time and peeing a fourth time. Having peed so much, I was dehydrated, and so drank some more water while making my morning coffee - it didn't quite occur to me at the time that adding a large coffee on top of what I'd already had might not be a good idea, because I need my coffee to wake up in the morning. It was about 25 minutes after I'd waken up that I had to pee again... and after I finished my coffee, I peed again and left for work. Thinking back on it, I was peeing about every 25 minutes or so, and the pee urges came on swiftly and were not to be denied. Still, this didn't bother me, until I found that I was rather desperate again after getting into work and I used the toilet when I came in... when it dawned on me that I'd also done so right before I left home. And that's when it hit me.

I was being hit with strong, undeniable pee urges roughly every half an hour, and classes were 45 minutes long. At the current rate, I'd be dying to pee before class was over, even if I made sure to pee right before going in... which is precisely what happened. Just ten minutes before my first class was going to end, I was finding myself pacing rapidly, wiggling around, and finding a lot of excuses to bend over and examine someone's work. When class was over I virtually raced for the staff toilet and peed another time... wondering what in the world I should do.

It went on like that for the rest of the day; I peed after each and every class. I didn't really stop peeing until about two o'clock in the afternoon, almost literally twenty-four hours since I'd started drinking (the party had started at 6 the previous evening). It wasn't really so much the intensity of the desperation, except for the first leak the night before, but rather that I kept getting desperate to pee over and over again with no relief at all... which, in some ways, made it even more exciting.

