Discovered "self pleasuring" through wetting

Author: Barry

*000*2015-05-18 22:46

Does anyone remember the first time they successfully masturbated?

I do, and I was about 14 and a half.

I was a late bloomer. Puberty really didn't start kicking in until I was nearly 14. I was one of those grade 8 kids who hated getting changed in front of others, as I was quite undeveloped compared to my school mates. I only started getting pubic hair just before my 14th birthday. It didn't take too long after that for the wet dreams to start, and while I understood about what they were and why they happened, it's still an uncomfortable time in a young boys life. We had discussed wet dreams at school in Sex Ed, and I knew that if I masturbated it would relieve the wet dreams, but I didn't really know how.

I had tried of course. I had laid in bed before going to sleep, and tried to imagine what sex was like, and had looked at pictures and magazines showing naked people of both genders having sex, (these were pre internet days) but while I could get aroused, I just couldn't quite work out the finer points of how to achieve an orgasm. In the end I would just be building myself up, then be guaranteed that I would have a wet dream afterwards, exactly what I was trying to avoid.

This all changed one night when I had a bath.

I had been hanging out with my friend Shelley, who lived across the road. I've mentioned her before in a lot of my stories, as she was a huge influence in my interest in all things involving wetting and desperation. She occasionally had accidents, and we both loved peeing in our swimsuits when we got the chance. We had also wet our pants a few times just for fun, when we could safely get away with it, and had seen each other wet on numerous occasions. It was also a topic that we talked about a lot.

That afternoon after school, we were just riding our bikes around and hanging out, when she just blurted out "I wet myself this morning!"

She then told me a story about how she was waiting for her sister to finish in the shower that morning so that she could use it. Shelley needed a pee, but was waiting to go in the shower when her sister finished. While she waited, Shelley apparently decided to take some clothes off the line while only wearing her short nightie with panties underneath. She had gone to the line, but the cool morning air had made her need much more urgent, and she had suddenly started peeing, and quite heavily too by the sound of it. She basically just gave in, and stood on the grass and peed in her panties as she stood there. She used a towel off the line to dry her legs, then leaving her dripping panties on, had just gone back inside and waited for her turn in the bathroom.

I was instantly aroused by this, and asked her lots of questions about it, like did anyone know, and how it felt to be wearing wet knickers under her nightie without anybody knowing, and she quite happily told me all about it.

So that night I'm in the bath, and having the opportunity to experiment with my own body again. Not really knowing what to do, I tried to picture myself having sex, which isn't easy if you've never had nor really seen sex before. I tried imagining different famous women who were widely regarded as "hot", but while I would get hard, I just didn't really know what to do about it.

As I'm laying there gently "washing" myself, my thoughts somehow turned to my conversation with Shelley earlier. I started imagining her desperate to pee, crossing her legs and bending over a bit while complaining. This was easier to imagine, as I had actually seen her like this many times.

Suddenly something clicked. I really could picture it. We had done this sort of thing so often before, I didn't have to imagine or guess, or try to make something up. I had seen it before and loved it. I just hadn't really seen it as a sexual act before, it was just a naughty thing we liked doing.

Before I knew it, I was transported right into the story. I could see her desperate, bouncing around, complaining to herself but not really worried about it. I pictured her leaking, the pee dripping down beneath her to puddle on the ground. Once again easy, as if seen it before. Suddenly she was peeing flat out, hot liquid running down her legs and over her bare feet. The only difference is in my imagination she was running to get to the toilet, not just giving up on purpose.

Suddenly I was aware of stirring feelings "down there" as I rubbed harder and faster, still thinking if my friend wetting her pants. Suddenly I felt things that I hadn't felt before, and as I imagined her losing control of her bladder, I lost control in a different way, and the most amazing feeling of my life swept over me as I orgasmed all over my chest and stomach.

The relief was incredible, and I actually felt really proud of myself! After finally learning how to do it, I then started practicing as much as possible after that!

Does anybody else remember their first time, and was it an omo themed experience?

*005*2015-05-19 22:15

{{: 

So we're all describing our firsts? I think my first is actually pretty good. This is really embarrassing to type out but I will anyway....

My first orgasm was directly caused by an omo-themed experience.

Prior to this experience I never actually masturbated, nor did I have a complete ejaculation ever. I've never actually had a wet dream in my life, but I came pretty close. I woke up before my body actually went through with it, but when I went to the bathroom I was taken aback to see something that wasn't urine come out of me (a single drop's worth).

When I was about 12, I decided that I wanted to really explore my interest in wetting, which I always had my entire life. I began searching for videos of people wetting themselves on youtube, and I began to really start trying to wet myself. When I was younger I was too afraid to actually pee in my pants, so I would poor water on my crotch to simulate the feeling of having wet pants. Now I began doing small amounts here and there but never really a complete soaking. I eventually started doing those (I wasn't careful and almost got caught a few times, so I had to stop).

But one time I pre-planned playing out a "fantasy" where I would be sleeping and I would wet the bed. Since I actually wanted to sleep in a dry bed. I covered my bed with a blanket that I wasn't using, and was going to wet that blanket (it was pretty thick, but probably wouldn't have worked). So slightly had to pee, but not urgently, and I began to lay myself in my "bed." At this point an insane amount of feelings went through my body; excitement, nervousness, desire, fear, happiness. I really wanted to do this, because I was so curious to see how it feels.

I spent a few minutes attempting to pee. I really didn't have any luck though. I think I got one tiny squirt out before I started locking up. But man, the excitement going through me was insane. It kept building up. But I kept trying to pee, and trying and trying and trying, while body was getting more and more excited. Shortly after, I started feeling really weird in my crotch, like something wasn't right. My crotch started pulsing. Then I sat up because I freaked out....and my body released.

I wasn't even touching myself, but from the sheer excitement of what I was doing, I gave myself my very first orgasm. I wasn't at all prepared for it either. As I sat up, I looked straight to my crotch and I watched myself ejaculate in my pants. I happened to be wearing thin athletic shorts and no underwear at the time, and it came out so strong that I was able to see that it was not pee. A lot came out, so much so that I thoroughly soaked my pants, completely out of my control. I think the release lasted a full 2-3 seconds, and I just sat there for a good minute because I was still trying to figure out what just happened to me. I knew pretty much nothing about sexuality at all at the time, so I had no clue I had a sexual interest in wetting. Eventually I got changed, and that's that. Say what you want, but that moment felt so amazing.

Seriously, for something I was pre-planning for my own fun and curiosity, I had no idea what I was actually about to go through. I don't think I'll be able to top that moment by myself; that was probably one of the most pleasurable moments of my life this far.

From there my sexuality developed. Shortly after I naturally started to masturbate because it started simulating the feelings I had back at that moment, and that's how I learned that wetting is an extremely important part of my sexual identity. I realized my sexual interest in this before I even was able to 100% conclude that I was heterosexual.

And so that's my story. I didn't think I would actually describe it and share it on a forum, but here I am...

}}

Some great stories here everyone!

I know exactly what you mean about not having a complete wet dream at first. When I started having these dreams, I would usually wake up as I orgasmed, and I was usually having some sort of peeing dream.

At the start, I thought that I was starting to wet the bed again, something that had stopped before I had turned 12. Back then, I would often have some version of the classic pee dream, where I'd be bursting to pee, and suddenly find a toilet to use, or for some reason be told that it was ok to wet myself, or perhaps I'd be wearing a nappy and find myself being told to use it.

When I had these dreams, I usually (although not always) woke up just before I started peeing or just after. A lot of times I woke up just on the verge of disaster, but still dry, but I wouldn't make it to the toilet without leaking on the way. Funny thing is when I did experience a full on heavy wetting that I didn't wake up for, I never could remember my dreams. But waking up just as I started was common.

It was the same with the wet dreams. They didn't seem to be overly sexual, but they were pee related. Most times it was me wetting myself in my dreams, but often would be others, but they were similar dreams to my old bed wetting scenarios. I would be needing to pee badly, but would wake up just as I started to release, although there were times I didn't. I remember once waking up dry, but feeling like I needed to go NOW, so I jumped out of bed and started hurrying to the toilet. Feeling like I was about to have an accident, I grabbed myself through my pyjamas, and then promptly came in my pants! That was the first time I ever saw what the fresh result of my dreams looked like.

But the feelings of waking up only just in time, maybe just a little bit wet were eerily similar.

