Sometimes it's impossible to have privacy it seems

Author: Barry

*000*2016-12-08 22:01

5:40am, and I'm sitting outside with my morning coffee, wearing my favourite pee undies and a t-shirt underneath my dressing gown.

Ive told before how I like to wet my special underwear each morning, then hang it out to dry for an hour before I have a shower. Most mornings I stand on the lawn and wet myself, usually after sitting at my outdoor table and doing a few squirts first. I like fully letting go while sitting if I can, but I've learned that the pee will leave a stain on the cement underneath the chair if I don't wash it off quickly.

My backyard is really private, with high fences, and my adult kids have either already left, or don't get up till 6:30, so I generally have a safe operating window of about an hour to indulge in a naughty wetting without a problem.

So, as usual, I'm sitting here in the morning sun enjoying the feeling of holding on to my morning pee and log on here, when I let go a bit, and feel that lovely warmth spreading throughout my special pee panties. A small puddle formed under my chair, so I stopped and fetched a large glass of water to dilute it away and stop a stain from occurring, but the whole time I can hear my neighbor shifting stuff around next door.

I stood on the grass, contemplating if it was safe enough to empty my bladder or not, my dressing gown hanging open and loose, and my briefs already wet. They're a blue camouflage pattern, so unless you're up close, it's not highly visible.

Looking around, I suddenly see my neighbor climbing around on top of his large boat which is parked next to the fence, obviously preparing it to go out this morning.

He looked up, and we exchanged "Good Mornings," me wearing my sodden underpants, and with a large puddle of water snaking out from underneath my patio furniture, which is thankfully in a position that he couldn't see.

Giving up on the idea of a further, more complete wetting, I sat back down again to write this.

Its unbelievable. 5:45am, in my usually super private backyard, and here I am talking to my neighbor while wearing wet pants.

Now I don't dare hang them on the line, as I can still see him on his boat from where I'm sitting, so I'm just enjoying the sensation, even though they're quickly getting cold.

It goes to show just how you are never as safe as you think you are.

Great. Now my sprinklers have just come on as well. Guess it just wasn't meant to be this morning.

*003*2016-12-14 21:33

I'm not trying to just bump the thread, buts it's happening again right now.

Here it is, 5:35am, and I'm sitting outside in my smelly pee undies and gown, having a coffee and a smoke, expecting to be able to wet myself in privacy, but before I get a chance old mate next door is already on his boat!

Its crayfish season in WA, and I live on the coast. Literally hundreds of people have pots out, and it's common to do an early check before work.

I love crayfish, but geez! If you can't pee your pants safely at 5:35am, what freaking hope have you got! Lol.

