Anecdotes of mi ex - At the office

Author: gus74

*000*2013-01-20 22:29

I'm starting a series of stories about my ex (girlfriend, but for 10 years, including a daughter together). A few years into our relationship I told her about my fetish (even she confessed that she suspected about it, because she found a video of a Japanese woman peeing herself in out computer) and she agreed to pee herself for me. That time she was needing to pee but couldn't pee her pants, even a few minutes later called me from the bathroom and proceeded to pee her panties in front of me. 

That was the first time of a lot that she peed herself for me, and one on the few she did it on purpose. I can't say she's "accident prone" (even in the last years she was, maybe because she peed so many times for me that the barriers where low) and only have had one major accident (I'll tell you about it in other post), but she don't have a very strong bladder and even before knowing my fetish, she used to hold it until the last minute, mostly because she always got distracted with something else, and remembered to go to the bathroom only when she couldn't hold it anymore.

Back to the stories, many of them have pictures attached (this one doesn't, sorry). BTW, English is not my home language, so excuse me if my writing is not all the good I would like it to be (corrections are welcomed).

Here is the first story, enjoy.

Gus

###

As I told you before, my ex used to hold it all the time she can, not because she's interested in wetting or watersports, she's like that since she was very young (at the time of this story she was 25). She simply can't stop doing what she's doing to go pee, she has to finish it first. That's specially a problem when she's doing the dishes, because that increases her urge to pee, it was usual to me to see her walking from the kitchen to the bathroom with her legs tight together, putting one foot in front of the other, but she never have had an accident (well, almost, but that's for another message), except the ones "arranged" with me at home, since she was a kid and wet herself going to the dentist (yet another message) until that day.

I was working at my office and she called me on the phone and told me that she couldn't hold it. At first I didn't understand what she was talking about, but then I realized. This is what happened:

She was working alone in her office and had too much work to do. She has been the urge to pee for a while, but decided (as usual) to first finish a couple of emails she was preparing with information for the trips of some passengers of her (she worked in a travel agency). When she sent the emails she was already in the verge of peeing herself. She stood up slowly and walked to the door (it was a very old building, a historical one in fact, and the bathrooms were outside the office and shared between all the offices of the floor) and when she was about to leave the office she realized that she have forgot the key (oh yes, the bathrooms had keys, one for each office in the floor... almost a dream come true), so she had to go back and get it.

Now she was walking with her "trademark step", crossing one leg in front of the other with every step, and when she found the keys and walked again to the door (did I mentioned that the bathrooms are in the middle of the building and her office is in one end?) there were people talking in the hallway, so she couldn't go outside and let strangers see her walk like that, because she was REALLY desperate at that point. In fact, while she was waiting behind the door, she began to lose it, first a spurt soaking her panties and then a few short ones running down her legs, so going out wasn't an option anymore.

One short note about her clothes: she was wearing a dark skirt long to her knees, black leggings and small boots, so her accident wasn't very obvious, lucky for her.

As I was telling, she was beginning to lose it, so she walked to one corner of the office, with pee still running down her legs slowly and now splashing in the carpet, grabbed a cup and peed there. Then she had to clean herself, but when I arrived (as soon as I could leave the office) she still had her leggings and panties wet, and we made love right there (it was too much for me ^_^).

