Other High School sightings and near-sightings

Author: Hopeful

*000*2012-02-18 23:27

This is a follow-up to this thread $$.

I said I had a number of smaller incidents to post, so here we go, might as well post all of them in a single sitting :).

The bus, the freshman and the swimming pool

This happened to the girl next door from me that I actually had a crush on, let's call her Grace. She was 14 at the time, or just turned 15, a gorgeous small-ish Asian with a weak bladder. She had copper-brown skin and long black hair, and this really sweet, light voice. On this day she wore a black school t-shirt and white baggy "sports pants" with cyan stripes. I was the first to get on the bus, and Grace boarded about a minute later, the second to get on, I think. Now, right after getting on she got back off, and just stood there outside the bus door. I thought she was waiting for someone (and it was a sunny Houston day, so why not wait outside), but in hindsight I realize she was probably urging to pee and considering going to the bathrooms before the bus left. Anyway, before anyone else arrived she got back on and sat down in the seat closest to the door, and soon the bus started filling up.

I didn't give her a second thought until we were about five minutes from home, driving through the suburbs. Ours was the last stop so the bus was near-empty, and she called back to a classmate in the back of the bus. She asked what her Trigonometry homework was and got an answer back, and got out her books and started working. I didn't give this any thought at the moment either, but right before we got off, we passed our neighbourhood's community swimming pool and I noticed (in the driver's overhead mirror) that after looking in that direction she got a really bad frown on her face, and when she got off she walked really fast to her house with her textbook in front of her crotch.

Now, the thing is, never, before or after that incident, did Grace ever did her homework on the bus, or walk fast from her bus stop to her house. Another thing is, after that day she seemed really afraid of peeing herself. I'm actually fairly convinced she did her homework to try to distract herself, and then managed to pee herself a little when she saw the pool and had to cover it with her textbook.

Saved by the fire drill

This happened during my last year, in psychology class towards the end of the day. In the middle of Psychology class, the fire alarm went off and we all had to go outside the school and wait for the "all clear". Now, when we got to go back inside all of us students in the class stood outside the classroom waiting for the teacher to come back to let us in. The door to our classroom was in a corner in a "horseshoe wing", and on the other side of the hallway were two faculty bathrooms with just a single toilet and sink each, which were sometimes locked, sometimes not. Now, all of a sudden a chubby Afro-American girl, looking to be about 16-17 and wearing red sweatpants (and probably a matching sweatshirt, I honestly can't remember), suddenly went "ungh!", you know, the way you do when you realize you've suddenly almost pissed yourself, and dashed into the teachers' bathrooms and slammed the door shut behind her.

Problem is, the door swung back open to reveal her sitting on the toilet about to pull down her pants. She kicked the door shut, obviously desperate to pee or already going. The rest of us went back into class, and even though the period was only about halfway through, she didn't come back inside. It could just be that she was embarrassed about what happened, but given her state I'm assuming she flooded her pants (especially since I know from experience that sitting down on the toilet seat before you've gotten your pants off properly is an incredibly good way to pee yourself). Given the teacher of the class never, ever allowed any of us to use the bathroom (and no one had left the room without permission so far that year either, even while desperate), the fire drill may at least have saved her from peeing herself in the middle of class ;) .

Minor "incidents"

My best friend at the time, a really chubby and quiet Japanese girl, was incontinent and wore diapers. I learned this when she flooded her pants in class and I heard a loud hissing sound as she did so. This was in English class, and we were all working on some paper or whatever, and the classroom was really still. Suddenly I heard this loud hiss and there was my buddy sitting there dead still, pencil in hand, just looking at her paper with an expressionless face. I was so transfixed on her that I didn't notice the reactions of any of my classmates (she sat next to the wall), but I can't have been the only person to hear that.

Once in the same class I overheard a classmate of mine tell her friends that another girl had peed herself in the previous class. She said that "She just got up and... :pause: ..and then she started to cry... I feel so sorry for her."

Once when I was in one of the main hallways going from the commons to my house there was a trail of droplets of liquid which I first thought to be coke going towards the bathroom from (heh, where else) the fine arts house. It was pretty long and started as a sparse sprinkling of droplets, which then grew denser and with bigger splatters of liquid, did a sort of loop and went on before ending in a puddle. I picture a girl running for the bathrooms, peeing harder and harder, in a state of panic, before giving up and flooding herself. To add insult to injury, the girls' bathrooms were sealed off for some reason with yellow "police line" tape – which might explain why the trail did a sort of confused "loop" before going on ;)

There you go. Some wishful thinking here, but all good, I feel :) .

