Boy Scouts Wetting

Author: classified43

*000*2013-10-10 19:02

Hi everyone -- I have been reading the forum for a long time but not posted, other than a few comments from time to time. I know that male desperation is not to everyone's taste, but this is a true story and it featured heavily into my ongoing interest in this topic. Do enjoy.

This story took place when I was about 16 and was very active and involved in the boy scouts. If any of you know there is an honor group with in the boy scouts that only a small number of people are invited to join. I was a leader in that group and one year we had the initiation ceremony and I went, taking a new boy from our troop who would have been about 13. The idea is that you spend the whole night and day in silence working on the camp to get it ready for the summer session so it's a fair amount of manual labor with not too much food. It was hot though, so everyone was encouraged to drink a lot to stay hydrated.

By the end of the day everyone was pretty tired, but we had to put on our full uniforms and then go through this long initiation ceremony. This involved a number of different Native American type rituals, with several different bonfires going throughout the woods, and we all would walk along in silence going from place to place. I had been through it before of course, but was going along with this other kid that I had invited to join. After a while we stopped in front of one of the fires and I noticed that he was kind of shaking a bit or I thought shivering. I wondered if he was cold or something but I couldn't really ask so I didn't think much more about it.

However, a little while later it became clear that in fact he was starting to squirm and that he needed to go to the bathroom pretty badly. By that point we were well into the ceremony and he was out there and there wasn't much I could do about it. It was prety dark by that point, other than the firelight, so it wasn't too obvious, but I could tell that he was in trouble. A short while later I noticed that he stopped squirming all of a sudden and I had a feeling that he had wet his pants.

The ceremony ended about 15 minutes later and I ran over and walked back with him through the woods and he admitted that he had in fact peed himself. He said that he just kept hoping that the ceremony would end soon, but that with the darkness and the silence, he didn't really know what to do. Unfortunately for him we had to go right into a celebratory dinner and were expected to stay in uniform so he didn't have any opportunity to change (or anything to change into) but the scout trousers are dark green so it was not too terribly obvious what had happened and I think he mostly got away with just a few people noticing once we went back to our cabin later on.

He was obviously extremely embarrassed, especially since I had invited him to join based on his "maturity and leadership qualities," but I promised not to tell anyone so nobody back in our troop ever found out about it. I have always remembered the incident however.

*004*2013-11-17 22:04

Thanks everyone! I was starting to wonder if anyone had actually enjoyed this.

*007*2013-11-18 15:21

{{ 

I have been surprised at how many Boy Scouts have pee accidents. Not most, of course, but I can remember half a dozen or so accidents from when I was a Boy scout. Most were on hikes or camping trips, and most were caused by cold weather, layers of heavy clothes, and the unwillingness or inability of a boy to open his pants and get his peepee out. I guess the lesson is don't wear clothes that are thicker than your peepee is long.

}}

I'd be happy to hear of any of those. :)

I'll have to see if I can remember any others myself.

*008*2013-12-03 16:11

So a few other stories I remember from Boy Scout days...

The first was at summer camp where there were various incidents, but this one I always remember. We were sitting around the fire telling ghost stories to the younger kids, probably in the 11-13 range and you could tell that some of them were really getting into it, which always is fun. There was one kid though who was really being kind of annoying and saying loudly how he wasn't scared and these stories were stupid and the other boys were pussies for acting somewhat scared by the stories.

Eventually we had to call it to an end because it was time for bed. As we walked back to the cabin the counselor walked with the annoying kid and told him another story -- the sort of typical camp story about the crazy camper from years ago who was lost in the woods or whatever and still lives out there and attacks boys in the night. I could tell he was laying it on thick as we walked back through the darkness, hoping to give the kid a good scare in his own right.

Anyway, in the morning we discovered that he clearly had been scared -- whether by the ghost stories in fact or by the other story is unclear -- but he had wet the bed that night. I will say I'm certainly not a fan of making fun of someone in that situation, but in this particular case I wasn't too upset that he got some teasing, especially since he had been making fun of all the other boys the night before who were scared. He had to put his mattress outside to dry it that day -- that's how they handled it then although I think it's different now and probably much more low key.

The second story was when I was in high school. We had been to a long weekend camping trip and leadership retreat and I was driving back with a friend who had gone along with me. It was probably a two-hour drive back but then we hit really bad traffic along the way. I could see my friend starting to squirm a bit and finally he admitted that he really needed to pee. I admit I had always found him a bit cute so I was rather enjoying the sight of him squirming in the seat next to me. It was pretty clear that we weren't going anywhere for some time and he really started to get worried and said he didn't think he was going to be able to make it much longer.

By this point he was even holding his crotch and I could tell he was embarrassed given the fact that we were both probably 16 or 17 at the time. We had debated whether he could get out of the car and pee on the side of the road, but a few police cars had gone by and he was nervous about that, plus of course if the traffic started moving I'd have to pull over. However, he suddenly jumped out of the car and ran out and just opened his pants and peed right there on the side of the highway. When he got back he said he thought he just wasn't going to make it -- I looked down and there was a little wet spot on his crotch. He asked me not to tell anyone and I said of course I wouldn't. But I did enjoy watching.

$

