Didn't quite make it...

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-19 21:10

Hey everyone!

I was wearing jeans, pj top, boyfriends boxers, uni hoodie and pink/white mismatched socks for this story haha

I've had a busy and boring day at uni, really nothing special! I wasn't planning a hold but I do always like to challenge myself to not use the bathroom at uni and wait till I get home at least!

I went to the bathroom at 2:45pm an hour before my class. I then had a boring lesson where we aren't allowed water, probably the reason I didn't have to go when I got in at 5:30pm and went about making dinner, watching a show with my housemate, and eventually at about 8pm I was video chatting with homeanddry about stuff, my bladder was at a 6 and I told him so, but it didn't develop until after we'd been chatting for a couple hours! I was lying in bed with one hand between my legs for a lot of it!

We went back to messages as HaD got busy doing something but he told me he was going to take on a lot of fluids to try and feel the same as me!

By 10pm I was shaking, rocking back and forth etc. a few drops escaped, but I wanted to wait until the last possible moment, and when I could feel myself about to let go I ran to the bathroom!

As I got there I felt a stream start and stop. Then a big spasm and I let more out, then I ripped down my clothes and emptied my bladder!

HaD seems to be inspired by my evening haha, wonder what he'll get up to!

*006*2015-10-20 12:50

{{: 

Nice story, EQ! Thanks for sharing it and the pics.

}}

Thank you no problem! I am really busy atm trying to find time to post!

{{: 

This is an awesome story

}}

Glad you enjoyed it :D

{{: 

Yet another fantastic story.

}}

Thanks Macca, means a lot :P

{{ 

Ah, another great one. I love the photos

}}

Hey! Thank you so much :)

