Too much Belgium beer...

Author: kawaiimeoww

*000*2015-09-21 12:28

My boyfriend and I had gone away to Belgium to basically drink beer and eat chocolate to our hearts content.

Upon the last day we had to make our way back to the coach park to hop on a coach back to the ferry so of course with 1 hour to spare we popped into a bar rated highly on Trip Advisor for our final beer.

I needed the toilet already but from sitting down and having a natter it had slowly ebbed away. When it was time to start finding our way back to the coach I had the fleeting thought it would be a good idea to go to the toilet now ... but thinking the coach isn't far and its only 30 mins on the coach - I'll be fine.

Well, had my boyfriend known where he was going and had I not be carrying a lot of luggage that seemed to make my bladder jiggle around I started to need the toilet more and more.

My boyfriend doesn't really know my like for omorashi (well...I have hinted) so I was unsure how to go about this other than ... if you see a toilet as we go by one tell me please! To which I was met with a very disgrunted - there isn't any!!!

So as I am not lagging behind a very grumpy man walking like I have a limp trying to keep my legs together and all I can think about is I'm going to wet myself and have to sit on a coach with everyone - part of me excited - the other part of me thinking oh god - I don't think this is the best first experience with my boyfriend.

When we finally get to the coach it is absolutely full - one seat next to the driver or the one on the back row smack in the middle of the isle. I take myself off down the back in hope there is a toilet in this bus, but no, there is none.

I spend the next 30 mins making polite conversation to a couple a similar age to myself while banging my leg around and casually 'readjusting myself'.

It is safe to say when I see the toilet sign in the passport area before docking the ferry I dropped all my bags and legged it to the toilet. I'd managed to keep the majority in except some minor leaks.

After I came out of the toilet it is then revealed to me that infact there was a toilet just next to the coach in the bus waiting room but turns out my boyfriend didn't want to tell me as he was enjoying watching me so much and was hoping I couldn't last.

Until next time..!

