Witness to Young Schoolgirl Accident

Author: Yummy1

*000*2012-08-10 15:42

I remember when I a was young, my Dad was irate at me because I wanted to go outside to play with my friends. I can't recall why he didn't want me to go outside, but being around seven or eight years old I naturally began to whine to get my way. He told me "If you're going to act like a baby, I'm going to treat you like a baby". He instructed my Mom to "go upstairs and get the diapers and plastic baby panties for him". I was absolutely horrified. I was screaming and kicking while she put my old cloth blue polka-dot diaper on, pinning it and then added those old, 50's style Gerber-made rubber panties. I remember crying myself to sleep feeling absolutely humiliated and betrayed. I was a small boy and very slender and still fit in those old clothes. I'm only realizing to this day, what an impact that experience had on me - whether it was for the good or bad, I just don't know.

A number of years later, perhaps at age 11, there was an absolutely beautiful girl in my class room that was sitting just across from me. We were having a test in class, but she seemed to keep squirming around in her seat. In those days, you had to raise your hand to be excused from class to use the restrooms. This was just not going to happen during a test! Teachers always instructed us that on test hours, there were not exceptions to this rule. NO BATHROOM BREAKS, until the test was over and everyone had to walk in the hall together and wait their turn to use the bathroom. Things were pretty strict back then. She kept raising her hand and crossing and un-crossing her legs. Sometimes she seemed to have contorted her legs into a pretzel to hold back whatever was wrong with her. Her hand raising became more frantic...waving back and forth. The teacher ignored her.

She began to whimper and tears were in her eyes. I whispered to her "What's wrong, Shari?" She said nothing EXCEPT I heard a loud fart emanate from her backside and she started sobbing, putting her head down on her desk. Soon, there was a sound of piddling pee on her chair below her and it became a full blown flood! I was shocked! She jumped up and lifted her dress and squatted as her pee was running down both legs, filling her saddle-style shoes! Her face was contorted in tears and pain and another very loud fart escaped (much to the laughter of the other children!) and this lump began to form in the back side of her panties that was becoming larger and larger. I was astonished - having never seen such humiliation. The teacher had of course, ran over at that time, tellin everyone to basically shut up, while she excorted Shari to the Principal's office to see the nurse and call her Mom to pick her up from school, immediately.

Two things resulted from the above episode, for me:

A) Shari and I became very close, because I din't tease her or bring the incident up to her at all. I accepted her school issue, as a non-issue. She shared with me that her Mom put her back in diapers and plastic pants for school! I asked her why? Shari told me "I dunno, they just make me feel safe" - needlessly to say that statement floored me. She and I went to several school dances and Sadie Hawkins events together. She was my first real "crush" that I ever had. She freely wet her diapers around me, for around four or five years. I never got to see her get changed, though.... :(

B) I lost touch with her when her family moved away. I was heartbroken; however, I just never seemed to lose my facination with seeing a female squirm in pee desperation or getting ready to fully mess her panties, jeans or nylons! I began to wonder how it would feel....

That story will come soon - providing that I can continue to post. Hope you enjoyed this post!

Warm Regards,

Yummy1 (a trial member?)

P.S., I'm adding just a couple of pictures that are unrelated to the above story. "Why?" For the hell of it! :)

{{ 

}}

