One of the Best Ever

Author: LondonGirl

*000*2012-11-26 00:29

Now I've been into wetting/ other people wetting since aged 6 and I've been lucky enough to see a lot of both. There's been a few times where the experience has really been just amazing. On Friday I had one of those experiences.

Me and my 3 friends had gone on a night out, our other halves (Mine included) were on a stag-do and we felt a little jealous they were having so much fun so we decided to have some of our own. The night passed without any real incidents and nothing significant happened until we were stood outside waiting for our taxi home. My friend Lucy was stood next to me, she has green eyes with blonde hair and wore a black dress with a nice silver necklace. I wore a silver dress. She was standing with her legs tightly together but was almost bouncing in place, it was painfully obvious she needed a wee. Lucy had a weak bladder like myself so I knew she would have needed to go quite badly.

She turned to me and said "How long is it until the taxi gets here? Can I nip to the loo dead quick?"

"No" I replied "He'll be here in about a minute and he'll get annoyed if we make him wait ages, you know how bad the lines are"

"But it's, a bit urgent" she said quietly.

"You'll be fine it's only like 10 minutes from here to mine, don't worry"

The taxi pulled up as I finished speaking and Lucy decided to rough it out. She was staying at my house tonight, my boyfriend was spending the night in a hotel so I'd invited her over. The taxi was only small so one of my friends sat in the front next to the driver, my other friend sat on the back seat with me, Lucy being forced to sit on my knee.

The journey itself was very enjoyable for me, and uninterrupted. My friend in the front seat was talking the driver about local clubs and what we'd been up while my other friend had, well, a little too much so was pretty much just half-asleep resting silently. Lucy was constantly shifting around on my lap, I was getting very turned on by the whole thing, the idea of her being desperate for a wee was good enough, but her sat on my lap while like this was amazing. All of a sudden however, I felt my crotch go a bit damp, I knew it wasn't me who'd done it. It took me a few seconds to realize what just happened, I felt a flush of excitement go over me as I did.

Lucy turned to me quite worried and said quietly "I'm so sorry! I just can't hold it, It's gonna come out"

"It's ok, just try not to let on to the driver"

She was taken aback by my acceptance that she was about to wet herself over me and it took her a while to respond.

"Y-your okay with this?" she said quite shocked.

"Listen, it's ok if you can't hold it it's ok we can change we when we get home"

She smiled at me then turned back round, I was quite surprised at how long she'd managed to hold the flood since her initial leakage. I'd slowly moved my hands over my crotch in anticipation, I'd also discovered her constantly shifting around had made her skirt hike up reveal her pink cotton knickers. My hands were positioned just below her pussy, I could almost feel it under her knickers, she didn't seem to mind. I felt another leak hit my hands, her warm wee felt amazing and I could feel my own knickers going a different kind of wet. She let out several more leaks, each one having the same effect on me, I was struggling to hide my enjoyment. Then I heard her sigh. A massive flood of her wee just poured over me, soaking my hands, crotch, thighs, the lot! It poured over me for a good 30 seconds before reducing to a dribble.

It felt amazing. I had to tighten my own legs as a sudden spasm hit me, I'd cummed. I've never orgasmed even slightly from any wetting before, they'd just be a sort-of warm up for me. I had to bite my lip strongly to avoid any sounds and put my head down to hide my flushing. I stayed like that for a few seconds, trying to regain my composure knowing I'd be facing Lucy in a few seconds.

"Are you okay?" she asked quietly with concern as she turned to me.

"Yep, sorry that was just, you know unexpected?"

"I'm really, really, really sorry!" she said getting upset. "Just please don't te-"

"It's ok, haha" I interrupted her. "Come on we've all done it!"

"Yeah, but not like this"

"Trust me, it's fine"

Our stop came a minute later and we quickly got out and bolted inside my house, luckily before the driver realized the massive puddle on his seat. Our crotches and legs were both soaked and we quickly went upstairs to change. I looked at Lucy's soaked underwear as she changed, they were stuck to her bum tightly and were completely soaked. Lucy seemed comfortable and hadn't been upset too much over her accident. She told me she was glad I wasn't mad, and that I'd really helped her feel better about it.

The next morning I woke up to find a text from my friend, she was annoyed at our drunken half-asleep friend for "spilling a drink" all over the taxi seat and they'd been charged £20 extra. Me and Lucy laughed about it for a good 20 minutes and she was glad they hadn't realized what it really was. She seemed even more comfortable with the accident after a nights sleep and I reminded her that it would stay between us, she left around an hour later. I've not stopped thinking about it since, I never knew someone else wetting could cause me to orgasm, I've been amazed by the whole thing.

*010*2012-12-27 04:33

{{ 

That's incredibly hot! Would you like to try it again? what were you wearing?

}}

I'd love to have something like that happen to me again :) I was wearing a silver dress with just a normal pair of knickers underneath.

{{ 

Thanks for sharing this amazing story! :)

I wonder have you ever tried to talk to her about this again? I mean in a way to figure out if she might be into this all thing. Since she wasn't grossed... :) it might be she isn't that indifferent to the wetting thing, you know :)

}}

Not yet, I may bring it up at New Years to her actually :)

