Real accidents

Author: Franny

*000*2012-09-26 16:16

Hi, I love everything to do with wetting and bed wetting, it's all a turn-on for me. But most of all I love stories about people, preferably people from their teens up to maybe 25, who just have real honest to goodness wet pants accidents. I'll supply some of the ones I know about (as well as a few I've had myself, since I'm semi-incontinent). Maybe the simplest story that a friend told me about was this one: he was 20 y/o and still lived with his parents. He had his first job and was nervous every day going to work. He drove his Mom's car. One day he made it out onto the Interstate on the way to work and was so full and so nervous about a work situation that he ended up wetting his pants in the car without being able to get to a gas station or to his place of work. That's all it was, he soaked his pants in the car.

He ended up having to turn the car around and go back home, where he wasn't able to avoid his Mom. She saw his soaked jeans and asked him why he had come home and what had happened. So, he had to explain it to her, which left him in tears. She was upset that her 20 y/o son had not been able to hold it in and also that it had happened in her car. He did his best to clean the car seat and went on off to work again in fresh jeans.

*001*2012-09-29 03:44

Here's another real accident. It happened to a girl I was with during college. She & I were just friends, no involvement, and one day we spontaneously decided to go a few miles away from campus to a place that served beer and had a trampoline in back. Which we did. After drinking for a while, she got onto the trampoline and bounced up and down incredibly high. Then, w/o warning, she came down in a funny way onto her ankle. She cried out loudly that she was hurt. I went over and helped her get down from the trampoline. With me holding her she limped over to my car, we got in it and rode straight back to campus. All the way she hardly said a word, and I think I knew why. It was because she not only hurt her ankle, she also wet her shorts quite a lot when she came down in that funny way.

We got back to campus and she at once said goodbye and hurried into her dorm. I could see a prominent wet stain on her butt. The next day another girl I knew came up and told me that Shauna had come in in tears because of her pain and her embarrassment about her wet condition. I said I was sorry about it all. Kay indicated that perhaps it would be better if I didn't mention the incident to anyone, since Shauna was so upset about it. So I didn't and Shauna never mentioned it to me whenever I saw her again.

*002*2012-10-23 19:35

I have heard another real wetting story, and what happened was, several college girls went to 6 flags. They all got onto a ferris wheel. the girls were together in one of the pods. Most of us might think of a ferris wheel as being a tame ride, but this one girl got more and more scared the longer the ride went on. She was breathing hard, whimpering in fear. Both of the other girls in the pod with her were sympathetic, one of them put her arm around poor Sara's shoulder. But anyway, when the ride finished, Sara had wet her pants all the way down to her ankles. She really soaked them good, and then she had to walk out of the park with nothing to protect her from everybody's gaze. Later, she told her friends that the time they spent exiting the park and getting to the car for the drive back to campus was the most humiliating 15 minutes of her life.

(Mmmm. . .off topic, somethat, but this one time a boy who was very near and dear to me totally crapped his pants on the way home from the beach with a date. I'd say that might have been even more embarrassing.)

