My friends desperation

Author: Valii

*000*2012-05-24 09:41

Well I have this friend and she refuses to go to the toilet unless someone will come with her, but she will also rarely admit she has to go to the toilet,nwhich makes for a few interesting experiences.

So the first on was the one day we were shopping and I notice she kinda starts bouncing a little and I instantly know she has to pee. I asked her if she had to go and she just smiles and said no. So we kept walking and looking at shops, every time she stopped she would cross her legs but try and make it seem as though she was not desperate.

We were kwalking out of a shop when she decided to get some money out. While she is waiting she kinda pokes her bum out then jumps up and crosses her legs. I ask her if she has to pee but as usual she giggles and said no. We then walk forward to get money out, she is clearly desperate now and as she is getting money out she is bobbing up and down and crossing and uncrossing her legs. I try one last time,

Do you need to pee?

And as usual she giggles and shakes her head. She gets her money and we walk on, she keeps on stopping and crossing her legs while pretending to look in shop windows.

Finally she asks if we can sit down for a bit so we sit down at a table and talk. Her feet are tapping and I notice she keeps putting her hand under the table probably to put her finger in her crotch. I also start to. It ice this look on her face, like she is holding back a massive wee.

We talk for about longer when suddenly her eyes open really wide and she let's out a little cry whe I give her a weird look she stutters and said she just saw her ex bf But when i turn to look and there were two people around us none of them her ex. She then sudden.y stands up and demands we leave. As we walk off I look black to see if her ex is really there and I. Notice a small wet patch on her seat! The rest of our shopping trip only lasted 20 mins and she spent the whole time touching the back of her pants and crossing her legs every possible chance. When we finally decided to leave we hopped in her car and she dropped me home. Best shopping trip ever!

*002*2012-05-25 10:38

No I don't :( but she does it all the time! She also drinks a LOT of green tea! So she is always desperate

*006*2012-05-30 10:40

Well I do have two more story's from here one where I kinda did stall her!

So as I said she won't go to the outlet on her own, yet she will rarely say she wants to go to the toilet because she denies always needing to wee. So one day at school she was sort of bouncing around as usual and she asked me if I would go to the toilets with her, surprised she actually asked I replied

Why do u need to use the toilet?

She smiled and lied 'um no I just want to do my hair' (The only time she will ask to go to the toilet is 'to do here hair

')

So I meanly just said nah your hair is fine

She then continued to beg me to go with here the whole time she was bouncing around. She then sat down on the corner of a seat and it seemed like she was using the corner of the chair to put pressure on her you know. Anyway she was begging me unit finally another friend said she would come with her. But when she stood up there was a tiny wet spot on the chair!

She always wears black pants too, and I think I know why ;)

