Wet the bed again

Author: weakbladder

*000*2012-11-19 10:00

Lately i've been keeping a pretty crazy sleep schedule. I work at both a bar and a coffee shop, so sometimes i have to close the bar around 1 or 2 and sometimes I have to open the coffee shop at 530. This morning was a morning that I had to open the coffee shop at 530. As you may know from some of my other posts I, rather regularly wet my bed on accident. But I had stayed dry for a few weeks before today.

I was having a wonderfully sublime dream about being in the shower, warm water all around me, so relaxing. The sound of the water felt therapeutic. Then suddenly I was on the toilet, and I began the must relief filled, longest pee. And on flushing the toilet I woke up, and found that I wet the bed. I was sleeping on my side. My crotch was wet and the wettness spread from the front of my pants to my right bum cheek. It didn't go up my shirt so I'm left to believe I didn't have to go that bad.

So I got up, stripped the bed of everything and carried it to the washing machine. It was 330 in the morning so I was pretty sure all my housemates were asleep. I was still wearing the wet pjs when I got to the washing machine so I took them off to wash and made a naked dash back to my room. But of course... One of my housemates boyfriends was in the kitchen for some reason, and he got an eye full. So embarrassing.

Well, I'm off to work. I'll be sure to keep you updated.

*002*2012-11-19 16:48

Its okay, I do find it exciting because I love wetting. It just doesn't let me choose when to wake up wet =P

*005*2012-11-20 01:32

Oh trust me, i've been there. I hate using the plastic reusable kind because they are so uncomfortable and noisy. I do like the goodnite protection pad things. Those work well. And I must prefer them to wearing diapers most of the time.

