Work Desperation Sightings

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-07-19 04:11

Today was another day at work. Everybody gathered quickly in the conference room after hearing there was going to be an urgent meeting. Turns out our company is not raising too much money and we need to work double shift. With my job, that is a nightmare. Of course, I wasn't happy about it, but it was my duty. The meeting was short, 15-30 minutes. We all went to our offices, It was about 11:45 am which is my break. I ate my lunch, and looked across my office. I saw a blonde attractive woman with green eyes and was wearing the girl's uniform: a white blouse with black tie and black skirt. She rocked it way better than me.

I studied her posture. As examining it, she was biting her lip and crossing her legs. I packed away my lunch into my bag and decided to watch her. Hopefully she was too focused on her paper work that she didn't notice me staring at her. Suddenly, put the blinds of her office window up. I wonder what she was doing in there. I suddenly saw her put he blinds back up and saw she was in her bra and put her coat over her. It really was obvious to tell with half of her stomach showing.

She put her hand on her crotch and her thighs trembled. She suddenly looked at my office and I turned away pretending to do paper work, she turned away. I looked back at her, she stood up and bent down giving me a great eye's view of her skirt revealing half of her pink undies. She moaned, and tickled her crotch. She looked at my office and I looked away, then she rapidly put the blinds down. 'Damn it,' I thought. My boss is really strict, he doesn't let any of us use the toilet unless we are on break or our five minute bathroom break which, for me, is 7:30 am, 11:30 am, 1:30 pm, 2:30 pm, 3:30 is when I go home.

I her a giant splash, I looked at the girl's office. The blinds were still down. Other people also looked around from their cubicles. Finally her uniform was now back on and she put up the blinds. she stretched her back by bending down. Again, giving me a sight of her ass. The pink panties were now hot pink. I couldn't believe it, it's like a fictional story! But it happened.

I realized I still had another 30 minutes until my break is over. So I decided to turn in the paper work that I already reviewed and signed. Suddenly the girl across me came out. She must've not noticed that her skirt showed her wet underwear - just a speck. Her heels were wet, they dragged some small pee puddles on the floor. Some of her skirt was a bit wet, but you can hardly tell because it's black. From now on, I'm going to examine her...

Hope you enjoyed this giant desperation sighting! I'll try to find more soon!

