Desperate at Work (male desperation)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-16 20:16

A few years back when I used to work at a garden centre, I sometimes used to help with cashing-up. This involves helping a supervisor count the money in the registers, and making sure it’s the right amount, before locking it away in the safe. Last weekend it was my turn to help, but my regular supervisor was going home early, meaning that I’d be with a lady from another department. She was a slim, attractive woman named Claire, in her early 30s, and I’d met her before but didn’t know her very well.

The store was very busy for most of the day, and I hadn’t had a chance to piss since lunchtime. The store closed at 6pm, which is when we’d start cashing up, however I couldn’t leave the till area until all the customers had left. By 5.50pm we had closed the store, but there were a few customers still walking around. I was standing next to the till, pricing some stock and fidgeting from foot to foot, wishing the customers in the store would leave so I could relieve myself before Claire arrived. I really had to piss quite desperately, and I was regretting finishing off my bottle of water just a few minutes earlier.

Over the next few minutes, the customers began to leave, until finally the announcement was given that the store was empty. As soon as I heard it, I put down the pricing gun and hurried off in the direction of the toilets, happy that I’d get to piss at last. Before I could take more than a few steps though, I saw Claire walking towards me from the back of the store. I swore under my breath, realising that I was just going to have to hold on for a while longer. ‘Hi!’ she said brightly, ‘Were you looking for me? Well I’m here now, let’s get started.’

‘Sure’ I muttered, trying to hide my disappointment. I was far too shy to mention how badly I had to piss. There were 4 registers in total we had to check, and it normally took around 30 minutes to finish them all. I bit my lip as I helped Claire take the money from the registers and followed her into the office containing the safe.

The office where we count the money is tiny and cramped, with barely enough room for two people. The door also has to be locked for security reasons. So basically, for the next 30 minutes, I was locked in a tiny room with a gorgeous woman who I barely know, absolutely bursting to piss and extremely turned on by my predicament, trying not to let on just how badly I needed to go.

All I had to do was take the coins and place them in a machine which counts them automatically, but after a while I realised that my hands were shaking slightly and my breathing was faster than usual, either from how desperately I had to piss, how turned on I was, or both. I tried to calm myself, telling myself that I had no choice but to hold on. I was also squirming in my chair, trying to get comfortable, jiggling my knees and biting my lip as the pressure from my bladder tormented me relentlessly. Aside from the sound of the coins jingling together, the office was extremely quiet, as Claire had to concentrate on counting the notes, and I had to stop myself groaning to myself and moaning under my breath.

After I had counted the coins, I had to sit patiently and wait for Claire to finish counting the banknotes. It was almost impossible to sit still, and I found myself tapping my hands discreetly against my thighs. I wanted badly to grab my dick and give it a nice long squeeze, but in the small room we were in, Claire would definitely notice. I couldn’t jiggle my legs much either, as we were sat so close together our legs were almost touching. I glanced at the clock, noticing that we still had at least 15 minutes left. I needed to piss extremely badly and was starting to panic.

Just then, Claire told me we needed to make sure that all the registers were reset with the right amount of change in them, and asked me to open the safe and take out the box of coins. I bit my lip as I leaned over and took the heavy box out, resting it on my lap, gasping quietly as I felt it pushing on my rock hard bladder. ‘Are you OK?’ asked Claire, and I quickly replied that I was fine, but the box was just heavier than I thought it would be. For the next few minutes, Claire worked out which registers needed which coins and asked me to hand her the required change from the box. I soon realised that she was concentrating so much on the coins that she was barely looking in my direction. 

I used this opportunity to slide a hand underneath the coin box resting on my lap and grab my dick, hard, exhaling softly as I relished the feeling of being able to squeeze my dick after so long. All too soon though, Claire finished with the coin box and asked me to put it back into the safe, and I had to grit my teeth as I was again faced with sitting as still as possible, dying to hold myself again and totally frantic for a piss, silently willing her to hurry up and finish entering the figures into the computer. I was gripping my thighs so hard I could feel my nails digging into my skin, but it helped me wait… it was the closest I could get to holding my cock again.

After what felt like hours, Claire finally said the words I’d been waiting so long to hear. ‘Ok, we’re all finished’. ‘Great’ I gasped, standing up as fast as I dared, almost moaning as I felt how heavy and full my bladder felt now I was no longer sat down. I tensed my thighs as I began to unlock the office door, blowing air through my lips in urgency, trying not to bounce up and down on the spot. Relief was less than a minute away. Just as I turned the key and began to turn the handle, Claire suddenly spoke up. ‘Oh wait, don’t go yet.’ I turned around, biting my lip, hand still on the door handle. ‘Sorry, I almost forgot, I have to enter these voucher codes into the computer. It won’t take too long, don’t bother sitting down’. I almost moaned in frustration, and considered just going anyway. However, I couldn’t bring myself to do it, no matter how badly I had to piss, so I relocked the door and stood behind my chair, resting my hands on the back of it and crossing my legs tightly.

I watched as Claire slowly took out the first voucher and slowly entered the long code on the back of it into the computer. I wanted to tell her to hurry up, but that would mean letting on how desperate to piss I was. Instead, I uncross my legs and start dancing quietly from foot to foot, jiggling up and down and bending my knees slightly. After a couple of minutes of this discreet fidgeting, by which time Claire had done maybe half of the vouchers, I was beyond frantic. I felt as though I was about to start wetting myself right there in the office. 

My work trousers were digging into my bladder, and as I was behind the chair and mostly out of Claire’s sight, I worked up the courage to quickly undo the button and loosen the zip slightly, crossing my legs as I did so. I let out a small sigh of relief as the pressure was released ever so slightly, and as Claire was concentrating so hard on entering the voucher codes correctly, I sneaked a hand into my trousers and squeezed my dick tightly through my boxers, almost moaning at how good it felt. I was watching Claire intently, my heart pounding, but luckily for me, she didn’t turn around.

‘Last one’ said Claire suddenly, as she turned around to smile at me. ‘Ok great’ I said quietly, still squeezing my dick, thankfully hidden by the chair. I watched her hands entering the numbers on the keyboard, and I bit my lip, bobbing up and down on the spot. Not long, not much longer, I kept telling myself, willing myself to keep holding for just a few seconds more. Five more numbers, four, three… God I had to pissssss. Finally, she hit enter. ‘Ok, now we’re done. Sorry it took so long.’

‘It’s ok, no problem’ I stammered, frantically unlocking the door, not bothering to button up my trousers. ’Bye!’ I said over my shoulder as I opened the door and hurried out. ‘Ok, bye!’ she called after me, sounding a little surprised. She probably wondered why I was in such a hurry, but I was beyond the point of being discreet now. I had to find somewhere to piss, and soon. The customer toilets were closest, but they would be locked by now. The staff toilet was in the breakroom outside the store, but at least it was always open. I walked quickly out of the store, then once I was sure I was out of Claire’s sight, I took off towards the breakroom at a jog, gritting my teeth as my bladder bounced around inside me.

Within a few seconds I was outside the breakroom doors, and I gripped my dick tightly, not caring if anybody saw. As I entered the code on the door keypad, I felt myself starting to piss, and I hissed through my teeth. ‘Shit shit shit’ I muttered under my breath as I slammed open the door and sprinted across the room to the staff toilet, hand still firmly wrapped around my leaking cock. I slammed open the toilet door, and whipped out my dick, moaning in relief as I finally relaxed my muscles, releasing the piss I’d held in for so long into the bowl. 

‘Oh goddddd’ I muttered as the relief washed over me, my piss splashing forcefully into the water. After a couple of minutes, my bladder was finally empty, and I let out another gasp of relief. I flushed the toilet and glanced down. My boxers were damp from where I’d started to leak before I could get to the toilet, but luckily my work trousers were dry. As I washed my hands, I realised that in my hurry, I’d forgotten to shut the toilet door, and I blushed, realising that anybody who had walked into the breakroom in the last couple of minutes would have heard me wetting loudly. As it was so late though, I doubted anybody had.

I walked out of the toilet and over to the clock in/out sensor, rummaging around in my pocket for my timecard. Just as I heard the beep as I swiped my card, a familiar voice startled me. ‘Well, now I know why you were in such a hurry earlier.’ My heart skipped a beat, and I glanced around, seeing Claire standing next to the breakroom door, her legs tightly crossed. She smiled at me. ‘You know, you’re really supposed to close the door.’ I began to blush harder, not knowing what to say, realising that she must have heard me wetting. 

‘Yeah… I... um… sorry… I was really desperate’ I muttered. She giggled, and said ‘It’s ok, next time just go before we cash-up, I don’t mind waiting for you. Anyway, do you mind? I’m bursting here and listening to you going has just made me need it even more.’ She uncrossed her legs and started to walk towards me. ‘Oh… sorry’ I said, realising that I was blocking the way to the toilet. I walked past her, still blushing, and caught her eye. I noticed she was blushing too, which I thought was strange. After all, what did she have to be embarrassed about? ‘See you next week’ she said quietly as she walked by. ‘Yeah, see you then.’ I replied, and I heard the toilet door close as I walked out of the breakroom. I headed towards my car, my heart still pounding.

