New Wetting from Joy

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-09-29 19:21

Been a while since I posted about Joy - just haven't had much time lately. I'm going to skip ahead now, though, from old stories when we were dating to something that just happened this weekend.

Joy and I had her parents and sister over for dinner and a movie, etc. this weekend. Nothing unusual or fancy. Near the end of the evening my wife was in our kitchen with her dad while myself, her mother, and her sister were still in the living room. (It is open between the two rooms so we could all see and talk to each other.) Joy and her dad were talking and laughing and the other three of us were mostly watching the TV. Then Joy started laughing harder and louder. Her sister looks over and says, "She's gonna pee her pants."

This got my attention so I turn to look. Sure enough, Joy is doubled over, facing us, laughing hysterically. Her bent over upper body blocked her waist area but I assumed from the way she was standing that she had her hands shoved into her crotch. A second later she squeals in the middle of her continued laughing and a moment later I see the first line of wetness run down the inside of the right leg of her jeans. My penis immediately springs to attention. The wetness continues to spread down her legs and she stands up, covers her face with her hands, still laughing, and completely soaks her jeans and creates a small puddle on the kitchen floor.

Everyone is laughing now. Her sister says, "I told you so!" Joy just stands there until she is done before she uncovers her face, looks down at her soaked jeans, still laughing. I cautiously stand, bending forward slightly myself to hide my erection as best I can. Joy slowly walks towards me and I take her in my arms and give her a hug. Her mom volunteers to clean the puddle while Joy changes clothes. I say I will go help Joy.

I gently push her away in front of me - partly to shield the back of her jeans and partly to shield my erection - and follow her down the hallway to our bedroom and close the door. She is still laughing. As soon as the door is closed I turn her around, pin her against the wall, and kiss her hard. She kisses me back for a second and then says in my ear, "I'm sure you enjoyed that." I whispered back, "So much so I'm about to cum in my pants! Help, please?" She rolled her eyes and said, "Ok... but hurry." I smiled and said, "No problem!"

We unzipped our pants, me admiring the great wetness on her jeans the whole time. She pushed them down, stuck her butt out at me to show me the wet panties. I pushed her against the bed, grabbbed her from behind, pulled the wet panties aside, entered her, thrust hard and fast for less than a minute, and then came so hard in her I thought I'd black out, all while her 18 year old sister and parents where feet away on the other side of the wall and door - we could still hear them laughing and talking as I filled their daughter. It was so kinky and risky on multiple levels it was fantastic.

"Feel better?" Joy asked when I pulled out. "Oh, yeah," I said, kissing the back of her head. She shoved her wet clothes down the rest of the way, my cum dripping slowly down her thighs (another turn on of mine), and told me to grab her some clean panties and shorts while she went into our bathroom to clean up. I gladly did so with a huge smile on my face.

A few minutes later we were back out with the rest of the family. Some mild-mannered teasing was necessary, of course, but after that we tried to pretend nothing had happened. I knew otherwise. B)

It was a great night (especially since Joy got her turn after everyone had left ;) ).

