Wet myself at the University

Author: KozmoFox

*000*2015-10-11 22:47

Hey guys! It's me again. I'm sure that judging from the topic title you can tell I did something stupid again, so let's just get into it.

I was doing a hold yesterday. You know, drinking some soda, some water, the usual stuff, just waiting around for it all to start kicking in. The problem was at some point I realized I had to turn in a paper I had due to one of my professors. Looking at the clock, I hadn't gotten too far into the whole hold thing, I was feeling it but I wasn't unbearably desperate. I estimated that I shouldn't be more than an hour, and by the time I got back I'd probably REALLY be feeling it, so I said what the hell, let's go turn it in now.

So I got to the nearest transit stop, knowing it would be there any second, and took it to a friends place. I had a water bottle filled with lemonade on me and continually sipped from it as the trip progressed. Eventually I got to my friends place, and bugged her for a ride, given the University is all but 5 minutes away from where she lives. She had to go to the store anyway so she let me off in the Uni lot, and said she was going to pick up some groceries and would be in the lot again by the time I got out. Perfect. At this point I was definitely starting to feel twitchy. I'd clench my thighs or bounce around a little every now and again from the discomfort.

Obligatory description paragraph! To reiterate very simply, I'm between 5'8-5'9, 116 pounds, pale as ash, and long black hair that reaches past my shoulders. For my trip out I was wearing a white Avengers T-shirt, a small jean jacket over it, a black miniskirt, and black tights. Just a white bra and panties set, nothing special.

So I get to the University. At this point I need to pee pretty solidly, but I'm not in danger. At this moment, everything was going according to plan. When I get in I ask for directions to the professor offices of that general category, and I get some really vague ones so I get sort of lost. I find my way there eventually by pure accident.

I get to her office and I knock. She tells me to come in and I hand in my assignment. Thing is about this particular teacher, she's chatty. Which I don't mind at all! She's sweet, funny, and well-versed in her subject which is something I happen to find very interesting. I'm also overly nervous and polite, so I won't often excuse myself from a conversation even if I need to.

She kept me in that office talking for about an hour. In this time, my need for the bathroom rose to DANGER levels. She was so into our conversation she didn't even notice my constant fidgeting, or any of the usual telltale signs. And to be fair, I was really into the conversation too. It was during this conversation the first leak happened, and I visibly stiffened, thinking to myself something along the lines of "Shiiiiiiiiiit."

Eventually she let me go, saying she had some stuff to get done, and I politely excused myself from the office. The moment I shut the door I looked around and shoved my hand between my legs. Bathroom. NOW. I could let out enough and continue the hold at home, but if I didn't do something I wouldn't make it home to finish holding. Almost the moment I finished that thought I leaked a little into my panties, like my body was adding an exclamation point.

I looked around the entire floor for the bathroom. Campus is three or four buildings altogether, I haven't gotten used to the grounds yet so I can't say for sure. But its big. And not knowing where I am often, I get lost easy. Like some Omorashi cliche, the bathroom on this floor was out of order. I dribbled a bit more, as I had been doing every little bit. I actually took another sip of my lemonade, almost reflexively. Then I slapped myself mentally...Muscle memory isn't always a good thing. I did end up coming across an elevator in my desperate waddling, and ended up on the second floor (I had been on the third).

I was almost starting to get my bearings here, some of the area looked familiar. I felt a familiar warmth and immediately gripped at myself again under my skirt, clenching my legs together. The spurts had definitely soaked through my underwear, I felt the tights between my legs growing increasingly damp as time went on. I didn't have much time left. Another spurt or two happened before I regained control, my hand coming away wet. I wiped it off on my knee and continued my desperate journey. Luckily for me, it being the weekend, there weren't a ton of students around, especially given that here in Canada, thanksgiving was Sunday. The day I'm posting this actually, so happy thanksgiving everyone!

After much exploring I found a staircase, the kind that goes down to a landing, and then turns around to finish going down in the opposite direction. The staircase was familiar to me, at the bottom was an area I usually frequent so once I got down there I knew where the nearest bathroom was. My bladder evidently didn't like the fact that I was close to making it, as every step down to the first landing, I leaked. My hands were buried between my legs and I could feel them catching drops. I was sweating, my muscles straining, but I couldn't give up, I was so close! I reached the landing and made my way down the second set of steps, slowly but steadily dribbling all the way.

About midway down I started leaking heavily, and one large spurt in particular I felt stream down the back of my leg a little. This was bad. I felt more urine travel down the insides of my legs and begin to gently patter onto the stairs. I was losing control I was increasingly doubting I would get back. It was also at this moment I heard voices coming from the top of the stairs coming down, and voices from ahead of me, on the ground floor. In front of the stairs, maybe 10 feet, there was a door leading outside and a hallway going left, and I could hear people coming from around the corner. 

I was about to be surrounded, and judging from the absolute straining feeling in my bladder as I dribbled and leaked on the stairs, I might be absolutely peeing myself during said time. So I did the only thing I could do...I dashed down the remainder of the stairs, did a 180, hid under them, and slammed my back against the wall and covered my mouth. I could hear people coming around the corner and more coming down the stairs. I shoved my hand down my tights and gripped my crotch outside of my now soaking wet panties, with my other hand covering my mouth trying to stay as quiet as possible. There was just one issue....I couldn't hold it. I gripped, and crossed my legs, and braced as hard as I could, but I just couldn't hold it anymore, no matter how hard I tried.

It started to come out, regardless of how badly I was trying to hold it or not. A hissing came from under my hand, streaming down my locked legs onto the floor, my other hand muffling moans and whines. I tried so hard but the more I tried the harder it came, my panties and tights were soaked. I could feel it gathering in my shoes, and my legs becoming warm and wet all over. I let out a muffled squeal into my palm as my bladder just felt like it dropped, and the stream grew so powerful it sprayed between my fingers onto the floor. The voices were growing distant now, like it even mattered anymore. I felt it streaming down my legs, my breathing becoming ragged as it made its own trails and waterfalls down my legs and thighs. There was a massive puddle beneath me on the ground. I just stood there, unsure of how to react. I had just pissed myself at University.

Me being me, I immediately went into Solid Snake mode. I whipped out a napkin and wiped off the back of my tights. Being black, they wouldn't show much. I darted out the aforementioned door and out into the sun. It was rather warm. My panties and tights were damp but its not like anyone could tell, especially given the distance between me and anyone else. A LITTLE bit had gotten on the skirt, but as that was black too, I was currently semi-safe. I looped around campus from the outside, hoping to dry a little. I saw the car in the parking lot, but my friend wasn't in it. I found out later she went to the convenience store across the street while waiting for me.

I hopped into the car, and reclined the passenger seat back. I kicked off my shoes and pulled my tights off. I put them in my backpack and pulled out a pair of knee highs (I go everywhere with spare socks. You never know people!) and put them on. Bam. Nobody would even be the wiser. I could even feel my panties were no longer sopping wet. Eventually she came back to the car to find me. She looked at my legs, and then at me, asking why I changed like that. I told her it was hot, while smiling like an idiot. She claimed it made no sense but didn't pursue it further after I said I felt the socks were cuter. I then managed to get home and reflect on my day.

Well there you have it! As always, feel free to give feedback and ask me anything! I love hearing from everyone :)

Happy thanksgiving to any fellow Canadians!

*010*2015-10-13 04:42

{{:

Oh my god what a great story. You said ask anything, so how about this: if you hadn't been able to make it under/behind the stairs in time, do you think you could somehow have managed to hold on for the amount of time it would have taken for the people to pass?

}}

I probably would have sprinted straight out the door if that wasn't an option.

{{:

Good story. I'm at university in Canada too so I'm curious which university this was at?

}}

I'm not even REMOTELY comfortable sharing that information. Sorry.

*013*2015-10-16 05:12

{{:

Hey, can you help me pick out next week's lottery numbers? Because you're clearly the luckiest person on Earth.

But seriously, if you keep taking these crazy risks then sooner or later you're gonna get caught!

}}

Oh sheesh I hope not!

If I stay on my toes and don't panic, a way out usually surfaces. :P

If one day it doesn't....Well shit I'm gonna die

*022*2015-10-18 03:25

{{:

Great story! What kept your skirt from getting soaked in the back? Was it up when you were peeing under the stairs? In the car why didn't you take your panties off also? It seems like it would have been more comfortable and you would have less chance of getting your friends car seat wet because didn't your wet panties soak through your skirt when you were sitting in the car? (I assume you were not sitting with your panties directly on the seat as you can do with some miniskirts which would have definitely made the seat wet.)

}}

It didn't get wet in the back because I guess the skirt was short enough and the flow directed down my legs just left it mostly untouched. And to reiterate, Going out one door and looping around to the car isn't a quick thing, campus is pretty big. It was warmish, and with the breeze they had dried off to the point they were damp at most when I got back to the car!

