Winter Wetting

Author: gwmp86

*000*2011-02-06 11:16

Okay, so, as some may know, the Northeast has been getting yons of snow, that's where I live. So, I got home from a friend's house the other day and there was more snow than before. First allow me to explain something, I live in a trailer about 50 yards of the side of my house (my house is in the woods). No one has shovelled a path since the last snow. I can't find the shovel. So I go into my house and change into two pairs of pj pants and a pair of jeans so I don't get cold. I start walking outside and realize, I have to pee REALLY REALLY bad. Like, I don't know how I didn't notice. But instead of going back inside to pee, I decide I can hold it till I reach my trailer, then I can just pee into a bottle like I have been cuz my trailer has no plumbing.

Anywho, the snow is waist deep on me. To put that into perspective, I'm 6ft 3in tall. Aside from that, there's a layer of ice over the snow. So, I start walking on the ice. It cracks under me a few times and each time it does so unexpectedly, I get suprised and a small jet of urine gets released. By the time I reach my door, I'm full to bursting, but my door is iced shut. I grab the metal shovel I keep at my door for such an occasion and start breaking the ice. Each large swing causes another spurt of pee to soak my boxers and eventually first pair of pjs.

Finally I break through the ice. I swing pull on the door aaaaaaaaand I fly backwards as it opens and land deep into the snow. Obviously startled and panicking, I can't hold it anymore. Hot pee gushes out of me, soaking my boxers, both pairs of pjs, and my jeans. I sit there for a full minute before I'm completely relieved. pee gushing into my clothes so fastt it's audible. So much of it, there's actually a large yellow pool where I'd landed. It felt so good to let it all flow out. Feeling it cascade between my clothes and skin. It was SOOOOO arousing as well (made me glad my trailer is a private place ;)). So, that's my story. Hope you enjoyed it.

