Naughty Floor Wetting

Author: teenyfoxpaws

*000*2015-02-16 15:28

Daddy couldn't take me out on Valentine's day or the day before, which marked the day of 8 months together, since he was busy with family... so I was alone for time being. I was scrolling through the forums on the site, looking for something to read. Maybe a cute wetting story i thought? I didn't notice that I was even holding in my bladder's contents, and didn't think it'd end up being a new topic of mine..

Daddy still made sure to keep in touch with me. He texted me when he could. I started to feel a bit of pressure about then, so i decided to do a hold since my bladder is fast filling. As i decided this, i told him... in which he didn't seem as interested as i presumed. So i taunted him, saying that i'd squirm and he wouldn't know if he really didn't care that much, even though I knew he really did. "You can't make me" i said, trying to proke him. This turned into discussing if he could really be an amazing dom whilst wearing a soaking wet, dripping diaper.. which he proved soon after.

But i started to fidget.. I began to compress my princess parts, trying to help hold it in. By this time, my levels of arousal were very high. I squeaked constantly with how much pressure was on my bladder, which was rapidly being filled every second that passed. I started to pant with how much i wanted to touch myself. As i told him this, He started to tease me excessively.. saying how much i missed his parts.

I playfully suggested a peegasm but He then told me i should have a peegasm for him. I flushed the shade of a sweet rose. I was used to having them alone but i've never been ordered to do so. By the time i was told to use my toy by him, every ounce of my being told me to go to the tiolet and let go. But i needed to satisfy Master since it was an order.

I scrambled for every item i needed. The cold winter air brushed against the skin on my exposed legs and caused me to dribble into my panties. I grinded my teeth as i tried to regain control. I felt the warm spot that now resided in my cotton panties and I moaned with pleasure. My knees became weak and my body trembled. I then hurried to the bathroom with lubricate and my flesh-like toy. I was nervous as i was about to "accidently" wet my entire bathroom floor. But in a way, it turned me on as i purposely was about relieve myself.. and it made me feel quite naughty..

I reluctantly pulled down my panties, eyeing the placement of my body. I could feel myself about to lose it but i tried to ignore it. I placed myself on the ground with my back against the wooden door and I rubbed lubricate on the fleshly dildo. I positioned myself for penetration. I whined as the thickness stretched the walls inside my princess parts. I moaned in gratification as i could feel myself drip on the toy's thickness. As i started to slowly move the toy in and out. I stopped and held it in as a rubbed my princess parts. I squealed feeling it all about to rush out. As i noticed, liquid did begin to run out and I lost complete control.

I took out the toy and my bladder muscles gave out. Pee rushed out of me like a waterfall. I panted once more as i was content in relief and in sexual satisfaction. I quivered when I felt cum start to drip out. I closed my eyes as my bladder emptied itself creating a puddle around me and all over my floor. With heavy breaths followed as i felt at ease once again, even though my princess part still throbbed with wanting attention.

*004*2015-02-16 18:26

{{ 

Very nice and sexy ^^

}}

{{ 

Great story, very naughty and sexy, i loved it :)

}}

{{ 

Awesome story, really sexy!

}}

Thank you ^^

It did take a bit to clean up ^^'

But it was so worth it <3

Plus I made sure to continue my playtime in bed x3

*006*2015-02-16 18:31

{{ 

Hehe, that must've been fun

}}

It is when you have magic fingers x'3

*008*2015-02-18 04:40

{{ 

Very sexy story! Thanks for telling it so well. You lost control and peed on the bathroom floor but had your orgasm(s) in bed, thanks to your magic fingers, right?

}}

:3 indeed

I had playtime until i was emptied out! ^^

*010*2015-02-18 21:16

{{ 

Did you wet as you rubbed or did you have a peegasm?

}}

Just wet <\\\< my peegasm came before it on the floor

