Defining Moment - When I Got Hooked on Omorashi

Author: peefan1701

*000*2013-04-28 17:45

So, I have been viewing sites like this for many years. I have never posted. I thought today, I might test the waters so to speak and share my first time. As I think back 40 years, I would say this is that defining moment when the connection is irrevocably made between peeing and sexuality. At least for me, I can say this is the case.

I was 13 and the neighbor girl and my sister were 10. I was just getting to the point where girls were girls, not just other kids with different parts. I had, that same summer, experienced my first masturbation – and I did not even know what that was until a friend of mine explained it. Anyway, it was going to be a summer of great change as it turned out.

Back to the point of the story. The three of us were playing (my sister, the neighbor girl Jennifer, and me) in our living room. It was an older house and the style at the time was to have a dropped ceiling. If you are not familiar, these ceiling are metal strip suspended from the original ceiling and between the strips are rectangles of some coated fiberglass tiles about 2 feet by 4 feet. Anyway, the key is the metal strip.

We were tossing small magnet shapes, like what you would find stuck on most refrigerators these days, up at the ceiling to see who could get them to stick to the metal strips. After about 20 of them were up there, we realized we needed to get them down before our parents came home. But how was the question. So, we decided that if Jennifer sat on my shoulders I could move her into place under the stuck magnets and she could peel them off the strips. The first few were easy, but there were some more challenging ones above furniture that required some more maneuvering.

And so we went, around the room, and this became funnier and funnier. I’d pretend to be losing my balance and Jennifer would scream and laugh. The more I danced around the more she screamed. We were all cracking up. Then the moment; Jennifer proclaimed she was going to pee her pants and that I should put her down. While I fully intended to, I gave it another minute of out of control balancing. A minute too long for Jennifer. She began peeing quite forcefully and exclaiming she could not hold it. I was stunned as what seemed like boiling hot pee hit the back of my neck and ran down my back, over my own butt and balls, and down my legs as well as running directly from Jennifer’s own private area to the floor.

I put Jennifer down and she sat cross legged, hand jammed in her crotch crying that she could not help it. Moments later she got up and ran home, her denim shorts soaked with pee up the back. As it was summer and everyone’s windows were open, we could hear the exchange with her mom as she was scolded for what she did. I headed to the bathroom to shower , which was directly opposite their bathroom in these row homes. I could see Jennifer run into her bathroom and strip down through the slightly parted curtains. She proceeded into her tub to clean up and me into ours. That’s when I noted my own intense erection and I put to use my recently learnt skill. The connection was made for evermore and I found myself seeking opportunities to see or cause the girls to wet themselves. An Omorashi fan was born that day.

*003*2013-05-26 22:31

Thanks for the nice comments.

