When Piss Flies

Author: GlitterGlamour

*000*2015-06-05 21:42

Yesterday, I was on a flight to San Francisco. Here is a story that happened during the flight.

Finally boarding time after a bore-some wait. I went up the ramp with my luggage as quick as possible like I was a super-hero. My blonde hair as long as my arm and my blue eyes arched as an owls. I was so stuck in la-la land that I bumped into a young man. "My apologizes," I told the guy as he smiled and nodded.

On the plane, I found my seat which was in the middle with two other girls, about late teens. I placed my luggage over my seat and sat down. The girl next to me was a pure blonde like me with green eyes, much paler than me, and wearing a white blouse with beige pants and white heels. Suddenly, a flight attendant started the safety demonstration. I buckled my belt and got my gum out of my pocket as well as my phone.

I had the gum ready for when we started to fly and my phone capturing a small documentary of my vacation. Using the popular app "iMovie" I go up and take a video of the people on the plane. I watch it from the beginning. In the car, entering the airport, booking in, waiting, going up the ramp, finding the seat, to now. I noticed in the video the girl next to me had her legs crossed and was biting her lip.

I looked at her next to me and she was still in that position. "Please lay back and relax all muscles when flying upwards," we heard a voice say from the speakers. I put the gum on my mouth and put it away along with my gum. The girl had a scared face and uncrossed her legs. Soon the plane started to rise. During the rise, the girl held her crotch. The plane soon started to stay calm in the air. "I need to wee," the girl said to her friend next to her. The friend didnt respond.

Already there was a line if about 14 to 15 people waiting for bathrooms. Anyways, the girl got in line. Then a family of 6 came in front of her and a woman in that family said, "Sorry, we were here. We just had to get the baby." The girl sat back down knowing waiting was hopeless. She must've been needing to go for some time now because I turned to her groin seeing a small wet patch through her beige pants.

She started to dig her hands between her thighs and a few leaks escaped of her right then. She took her hand out seeing it was a damp. "Boo!" I heard a voice say, which scared me. The girl gave a small scream and turned around. "Darla!" She was incredibly angry as she totally lost it...

*003*2015-06-06 02:14

Thanks, sorry it isnt much explanation, as mentioned this girl must have been desperate before boarding considering this happened so fast.

*005*2015-06-06 18:30

{{ 

That was a good effort from your side to write such a nice story. I hope to see more from you.

}}

Thanks so much!

*007*2015-06-07 13:31

{{ 

Thanks a lot for sharing this hot experience! What happened afterwards? Did she have to sit in wet clothes (was she completely soaked) for the whole rest of the flight?

}}

I didnt mention that, Im sorry. She was soaked the rest of the flight. I slept for about 15-30 minutes and saw she changed clothing (it was night) so she took the time when everyone is sleeping as an advantage.

*010*2015-06-09 14:17

{{ 

Thanks for the further details! Good to hear she had some clothes to change.

Anyway, it´s interesting to hear that accidents on planes even happen under "relatively normal" conditions. It´s obviously not necessary to run into exceptional situations, as I posted them in another thread recently:

$/25378-pee-accident-on-an-airplane/

Have you ever been desperate to pee on a plane...?

}}

Thanks! No, not really desperate but having urges to pee pretty bad. On a scale of 1-10 I'd say the most badly I've ever had to pee on a plane would be a 4.{{

How old do you think she was?

}}

I thought she was about 18 or maybe 20.

