My 1st Outdoor Piss in the Backyard

Author: teriyakiteri

*000*2014-10-30 18:22

Today I decided to be a naughty girl because im all alone on tuesdays and thursdays between 12-2. I've never pissed outside before but ive always wanted to!

This morning I woke up and put on my stitch cosplay because its the week of halloween and I have many cosplays so I dress up everyday throughout the week. Yesterday I was pikachu and I felt adorable!

So anyway I get in my cosplay at 7 am with out peeing, get in the car, and leave for college. I have an 8 am class so I get there early to do homework. I walk in and everyone is wanting to take photos with me so I smile and pose and just let things happen. I'm fine through out my first class of the day but durring the middle of my second class I start to feel a need to pee. But I didn't want toget up because that's Japanese and missing stuff sucks. So I ruff it.

After Japanese was over I had a class 5 minutes later and that wasnt enough time to go pee because im in a kigurumi, big stitch gloves, and big stitch feet so it takes a while to get on and off. I ended up just going to class. Class was awesome though because I just bullshitted a speech on something and was so sarcastic that everyone incliding the teacher laughed really hard.

Yay class is over and I can drive home! Driving is a bit difficult because I was in well slippers but I was fine haha. When I got home I stripped out of my costume and took my bra and panties off. Then I put on my harry potter skater dress and went and got some food and lemonade. I go outside and take aseat on the chair. The chairs are all metal and have little holes? You know so rain water can drain. Anyway I start eating and I feel a cold breeze from the fall air. I shiver and continue eating and sipping on my lemonade. I squirm around because it was chillier than I thought it'd be. Finally I finish eating and drinking and say, "Well, it's now or never."

I lift up the lower part of my dress and start peeing. I thought it would just fall down but no! What happened was it would go straight down only if my stream was light. But it started to come out fast and sprayed forward onto my legs. I squeal and that causes more to go down my legs. Eventually I calm myself and pee at a good slow speed. It was about a minute and thirty seconds long. Afterwards there was a huge puddle and my crocs were getting wet from it. Ah the relief.

*002*2014-11-01 08:26

Thank you it means a lot

