My wife's first wetting

Author: bigdog1978

*000*2013-06-27 03:51

Me and my wife went to the movies this week. She knows about my fetish and entertains me sometimes but only at home. We were about thirty minutes into the movie and I notice her start to figit a little. She had already drank a large drink and was working on mine. About twenty minutes later I noticed her hands go to her crotch and I asked her if she was ok. She said she had to pee but the movie was too good to get up. She fidgeted and bounced her foot for the next fifteen minutes. 

Then all of a sudden I see her uncross her legs and pull her skirt out from under her. She leaned over to me and said " I'm peeing my panties". All I could think was that thos was amazing. We always sit on the top row and there wasn't many people there to notice. This got me realy excited. She finishws peeing and sshe just takes her panties off and throw them under the seat. The seat absorbwd most of the pee but when she sat back down it still ran out. She stayed in the wet chair the rest of the movie slowly caressing herself and me . After the movie was over, we were the last ones to leave. When we got outside to the care she shocked me again. She came over to the driver side and said "I have to pee again". She pulled up her skirt right there in the parkinlot and let loose again and by the look on her face she enjoyed it as much as I did. Needless to say the ride home and that night were very exciting. Mabey this is the beginning of a beautiful thing.

Im sorry if there is any poor grammar, this is the first time ive ever posted anything like this.

*003*2013-06-28 03:58

Thank you and yes ibam very lucky. I have talked to her about it before and she had no prblem with it. This was the first time tho, that she actually got excited and turned on by it herself. She said that she never knew it could turn her on like that and she wants to try more. :D

I was nervous tho when I first told her about it. I really didnt expect her to like the idea but its just something you have to ease her into. Good luck trying to tell her. I hope it turns out as good for you as it did for me.

*005*2013-06-28 18:42

I tested the waters with my wife many times before I told her just to see how she may react. My wife is not good with computer's so I would leave a video (from here of course) and would leave it up and say it was spyware when she asked about it. She never seemed disgusted by it or anything like that. She may have even watched several of them through. I then got a little braver and used that to bring up the subject by just asking her if she had ever heard of it and toldher tjats what all the videos popping up were about. I just left it at that and didnt diacuss ot any more but again there was no unwanted reaction. I then left this site up in the background where she was sure to find it. She found it looked through it an never said a word about it.

The most nerve racking part of the whole thing was when I decided to tell her. I waited till I knew she was in a good mood and just flat out told her. She said she had no problem with it at all.

I really hope this will provide you with some help. It is a wonderful feeling to have your signifcant other be okay with things strange to them am even more wonderful when they embrace it.

