My first genuine wetting experience(s)

Author: pyromaniac

*000*2014-12-10 16:32

Hi guys!

I've spent a fair amount of time reading these forums but have never actually posted properly before, on account of only really being interested in real life experiences and not having many of my own to share. Well lately I've actually had a couple, but I'll save one of those for later and post the most recent now. (This turned out to be a lot longer than anticipated, but I enjoyed writing it so enjoy!)

As of this morning, I discovered that I have a UTI. Not exactly sexy I know, but bare with me. Anyhow, it's not serious, just kind of annoying feeling like I have to pee quite a lot, even when I've just done so. Well since the feeling of kind of having to go is always present, I figured I might as well have some fun with it.

I was in the library earlier studying for some coursework. I usually take a 1.5l bottle of water with me, and I started drinking that cos the last thing I want to do now is get dehydrated. Well pretty soon, I had to get up and pee, and to be honest there wasn't a lot there. I decided pretty soon that my plan to stay there till 6 wasn't going to work out if I was up and down every 10 mins, so I resolved to finish my bottle of water before I left and then cycle home.

By the time I managed to get it all down, I was pretty in need of the loo. Not desperate as such, but normally I wouldn't consider doing anything else before peeing. I left the library and unlocked my bike, and realised I was dancing a bit too obviously. I got on it and headed home, which is about 10 mins cycle. I managed to make it home pretty much dry, although only just! At one point I had to skip across the road and cycle on the pavement for a bit cos I couldn't bare to sit still and wait at the traffic lights. By the time I got half way I was struggling, and the uphill part of my journey was pretty challenging.

Ordinarily I might have just let a little bit out. The roads were fairly empty and people rarely pay much attention to cyclists. I couldn't do this however, because I was wearing my fairly new Levis Shrink-to-Fit. For those who don't know, these are the kind of jeans you're supposed to wear for 6 months without washing. I've only owned them a few months, and really didn't want to have to wash them and ruin all the nice fades I've been building up. So peeing in them was a big no.

By the time I got to the end of my road, which is both long and incredibly bumpy for a city street, I was barely holding on, and as I came within about 20 metres of my house I felt a little spurt escape. Not enough to be visible, but enough that I could feel it. As I got off my bike I lost a bit more, and started to worry that I might be developing a wet patch. I pushed my bike up the drive and through the back gate, to where chain it up. I couldn't stand even slightly still, and as I fumbled with the padlock I lost a fair bit more.

Doubling over, trying to get the key in the back door, I almost gave up, and I almost definitely would have in any other jeans. I raced upstairs, bag, hat, coat, scarf still on, and into the bathroom. My bladder pretty much gave up at this point, and I just about managed to pull my jeans clear and thrust myself forward into the shower cubicle, boxers still on, so that most of it ended up in the shower and only a little bit ended up dripping down my legs into my jeans, which were still around my ankles. Upon inspecting my jeans, there was a 6-inch wet patch, but I'm considering that a reasonable success.

I was pretty turned on by this, and figured since I have the house to myself until this evening I might as well go again. I usually don't bother holding very often, because even drinking very regularly it takes me too long to get to the edge and I don't enjoy the pain of holding so much as the loss of control.

Well I was in for a pleasant surprise today . I figured I'd top myself up, so I drank a can of energy drink while I got changed, and decided to make myself some hot chocolate. I really wasn't prepared for how quickly I got desperate. In the time it took the kettle to boil, I was already dancing. By the time I'd stirred and added a bit of milk to cool it down I was pretty close to losing it. I then decided I'd try to drink the whole mug while holding. I failed. To be fair it was one of those huge Sports Direct mugs, but the whole process since I peed before must have been less than 15 minutes. 

I made a fair effort, pacing around the house, dancing and grabbing my crotch while trying to drink, but on about the 4th lap of the house, in the kitchen, I felt myself spurting again. I tried to regain control, but could only slow the flow, and drips started to fall on the floor. Knowing I'd never make it upstairs without soaking the carpet, I fumbled to unlock the back door. Pulling it open, I stood leaning against the wall while my bladder emptied itself all over me. It's pretty cold here in the UK at the moment, so the feeling of hot pee spreading across my crotch and down my legs felt incredible!

I pulled off my socks, jeans and boxers, wiped the kitchen floor, and went upstairs. I changed, yet again, and figured since I have a whole load of laundry to do, there wasn't much stopping me from carrying on. I drank another energy drink to keep the pressure on. This time I decided to write about this while holding. Having not logged in in a while, I couldn't remember my username and password, and by the time I'd retrieved that I was already very desperate. I managed to get up, go get some dirty clothes and a towel, and put these on my office chair. Sitting down was a lot harder than dancing, and I think I lasted about 30 seconds seated. This time there wasn't any spurting, my bladder just went 'nope' and emptied itself, and my efforts to stop or slow the flow just made it stronger. 

This is the first time I've ever just completely lost control and been unable to do anything about it. Needless to say it felt incredible! And unsurprisingly I immediately wanted to do it again. Having now logged in, I started writing about my experience. I made it to paragraph 4. I don't think I've ever gone from a slight need to wetting myself so quickly. The first three paragraphs were fine, then suddenly it hit me. Hard. About a minute of jiggling (by this time I was moving too much to type any more), a few spasms, and I just lost it completely. There was barely any warning at all, one minute I was fine, and the next I was sitting in a puddle of my own pee. Once I'd taken care of myself , I added my second pair of soaked jeans to the pile, which by now constitutes an entire washing load!

The feeling of having absolutely no control over my bladder was amazing, and in a way I'm kind of sad about it; I've only had one other UTI in my life, and it's by far the most pleasurable illness I've ever encountered . Obviously I'm not going to give myself one deliberately, but I might as well enjoy it while I can. I have the house to myself again tomorrow, so watch this space

I hope someone enjoys reading this. I have another story, about my girlfriend (for those of you who like me are into female wetting), which I'll share once I have enough time to do it justice :)

Pyro

