First time a woman wet her pants for me

Author: TVGuy

*000*2013-12-03 20:51

After the positive feedback I received after posting this experience

As a teenager where a couple of my friends peed in their pants, I decided to go ahead and share this next story as well.

Posting these experiences, it may sound like I was pretty lucky, being surrounded by girls wetting their pants. I just want to say that this wasn't the case. My experiences were few and far between, and usually not very sexually arousing at all. Most of the true accidents I have witnessed I am not going to post out of respect for the poor girl that it happened to.

However, this incident was intentional, so again I am going to change the details in order to protect the identities of those involved. Besides minor details, the following is true-

###

I had just turned 18 and started college. My birthday is in the summer, so I was 17 throughout my senior year in high school. I had just barely turned 18 the week before I went off to college.

Because my family was below the poverty line I couldn't afford to go to a university. I was trapped in the area where we were too broke to afford a university education, but still made too much to qualify for assistance. So I took out what loans I could to pay for a community college education (sometimes referred to as junior college).

I picked the school because they had a television and film production program. However, this meant me having to go to a school that was almost a three hour drive from the small town I grew up in. The result was I had to find an apartment and a room mate in order to go to school.

I did manage to find an extremely affordable situation. An Asian man with a decent townhouse had a bedroom that he rented out to me.

The only reason I mention that he was Asian is that his English was very poor, often difficult to understand. He also frequently held large gatherings with other non-english speakers. Being socially awkward, I spent most of my time in the single bedroom I rented. It never felt like home, just a place I was staying but never entirely welcome at.

Also, most of the student at the community college were adults who had been in the workforce already, going back to school to learn new skills or get a new degree, I was much younger than my classmates. The result of all this was I had very few friends.

I did have a computer though, and most of my social interaction came from the internet.

At this time, Yahoo hosted several chat rooms accessible through Yahoo Messenger. Anyone could create a room easily in any category. Under the Adult category was a sub category for Fetish, which usually included several pee fetish chat rooms that hosted dozens of chatters at any given time. It was not too hard to find a girl to chat with, or at least someone pretending to be a girl.

When I wasn't in class or doing homework, I was typically in one of these chat rooms. It is truly sad how many hours I spent in these rooms chatting.

On one particular evening, near midnight, I got a message from a woman asking what I was into. I explained my interest in seeing a girl wet her pants. She said that was great because she loved to wet herself. She asked where I was from, and I told her where I was going to school. It turns out she lived very near there, within a couple miles of the school. She asked if I wanted to meet her there. She promised she would wet her pants for me.

I was reluctant. It all seemed too good to be true. I had just started chatting with this woman and she was already willing to meet me in person and pee in her pants for me. We knew nothing about each other- no ages, no names, no pictures, no anything.

My fears were she was going to turn out to be old and obese, or a guy, or the whole thing was some kind of prank. Or perhaps she would be a super hot girl, but when she saw me she wouldn't be interested anymore.

So I insisted on getting to know her a little bit, but she made us rush through the process as soon as we could because, as she explained, she really needed to pee.

I found out she was 29 years old, but she didn't mind that I was 18. She had a thing for younger guys. She was also a single mother, but had 50/50 custody with her ex husband so her three year old daughter was at his house this week. We exchanged pictures as well, and she was more attractive than what I expected.

It was just after 1:00am when we met on campus. We met in a now deserted courtyard lit by street lamps. There was a fountain nearby, and the cold and sound of water was sort of making me need to pee.

For a while no one came. I figured I had been stood up. It all seemed too good to be true. At one point a woman, who looked nothing like the girl in the pictures, walked by wearing a huge coat. I thought maybe it would be her, but it wasn't.

Finally, after 20 minutes she showed up. She was dressed in tight faded jeans (exactly what I said in the chat I would prefer to see a woman pee in) and a tight red sweater.

I felt extremely embarrassed and awkward. I had never met someone like this in real life. Especially not someone who I had explained my fetish to in so much detail. She seemed much more at ease with the situation though.

As soon as she saw me there, she asked if it was me, and I confirmed that I was the guy from the chat room.

She said, "Your cute," followed by, "This cold weather is really not helping my bladder right now!"

I'm not sure what I said then, but I'm sure it was something painfully awkward.

She grabbed my had and placed it on her bladder and said, "Feel how full my bladder is? I'm about to burst!"

Again, I'm sure my reaction was horribly awkward, but she didn't seem put off.

"I can't hold it any longer," she said, "I'm just going to pee."

And she did. Standing there she let go in her jeans. Her pants were soon completely soaked and there was a puddle on the concrete below her.

"That felt so good!" she said, "I hope you liked it. My ex-husband thought this was so gross."

She turned around and showed off her wet pants for me, but then she said she had to go. She said her pants were getting cold and she was afraid the longer she spent out there that someone else might see. However, she did ask me to come back to her place with her. She lived alone and didn't have any room mates, so I accepted. We went back to her place that night.

What happened at her place is not a story I'm ready to share. I am ashamed to say I had another girlfriend at this time. Admitting what I did with this other woman is embarrassing. Also, it is one thing for me to share wettings that happened to someone else, but to go into detail about what happened with this woman when we got back to her place involves me having to talk about things I did personally, which is still more than I want to share in a public forum.

Still, I hope you all enjoyed this account. Please feel free to let me know what you think.

*005*2013-12-04 03:39

{{ 

Thank you for sharing your experience, it was very brave of you to meet someone in this way, I've had offers to do things like this come up a few times and well, perhaps its being a woman, but it always freaked me out too much. Lucky man ;)

Every stay in touch with her?

}}

We eventually fell out of touch with each other. When I finally landed a job in television, it put me several hundred miles from her. Also, I had a girlfriend and didn't want to give up that relationship. So I really didn't see her much after college, though we stayed in touch some online.

While I was in college, we met up several more times and I spent quite a bit of time at her place.

Several years later she was in the news. She became a teacher at a middle school and was caught having a relationship with one of her students. She was arrested and convicted. That is the last I heard anything about her.

