Adolescent Holding Disasters

Author: Barry

*000*2015-02-02 22:38

I had some close calls during my early days with desperation and holding.

I had always enjoyed wetting myself, but only when I could get away with with it, playing in the pool or in the yard with the hose on etc. It developed into a sexual fetish eventually, but even as a kid I loved to do it when I could if I knew I wouldn't be caught.

From the age of 13, I was allowed to stay home by myself during holidays whilst my parents worked. I was expected to do some chores, like washing up and cleaning, and I was taught how to use the washing machine and do some laundry. This of course led to the freedom of being able to wet myself with freedom as much as I liked, and hide the evidence easily afterwards.

I wet everything I had at some stage. Briefs, pyjamas, jeans, shorts and sweat pants were all used at some stage as I experimented. I was always carefull enough not to have to much washing on the line at any stage to explain about though. But every day I would wet once or twice before doing the laundry.

But even though I was carefull, there were still some close calls where stuff went wrong.

First time was one day when I was first starting my exploration. I was also starting to experiment with smoking, (IDIOT). I went around the side of our house behind a large bush to wet my pants and have a cigarette. All I was wearing was my favourite light blue shorts. They were running shorts, quite short and high cut, in a light sky blue that showed up a wetting very nicely. Now I was a chubby kid, and would never go shirtless around others, but liked too when home by myself.

I stood behind the bush and lit my cigarette. About halfway through I'm enjoying the feeling of a full bladder and the rising sense of urgency combined with a double sense of being very naughty, one for smoking, and two for holding myself and knowing I was going to wet myself on purpose.

I relaxed just a bit, and felt a bit leak out. I kept my legs close together and looked down. I watched with my usual feeling of wonder as I saw a small wet spot, then a bigger one, then watched the floodgates open. Pee exploded out of my shorts, soaking the entire front then running down both legs and making a puddle that my feet were in on the concrete.

I still hadn't learnt the joys of self pleasuring at this age, but Man I loved doing it!

I finished my smoke and extinguished it in the puddle, then threw the butt down the drain. I was standing there wearing only a pair of obviously peed in shorts and nothing else, when suddenly a car pulled into the driveway, and drove right into the carport in the backyard, right beside the back door. The back door being the only open one and the one I needed to go through to get back inside.

Talk about panic. I thought my dad must've come home early, and not only had I wet myself, but I smelled of smoke too. I heard a car door open, followed by a knock at the door. I snuck a quick peek around the corner, but saw an unfamiliar car in the carport, then an unfamiliar voice calling out "Anyone home?"

I snuck back around the bush in case whoever it was looked around the side of the house. If they did, they would see a large puddle on the cement, but I couldn't help that. But where I was now, I was visible from the street. There were 2 old ladies walking past, but thankfully they didn't even look in my direction. They knocking continued again, then silence, then the car door opened again. I heard the engine start and the car started to reverse out.

I quickly disappeared up the side again and got to the other side of the bush quickly. I watched the car drive off down the street. When I went to the back door, there was a box of tomatoes left there. It had been a friend of dads dropping them off for us.

I was so nervous and relieved that I needed to pee again suddenly. I went back to the puddle and released my bladder again. Then quickly hosed off and ran inside to throw my pants into the washing machine and start it up.

I told dad that night that I had ridden my bike to the shop and someone had left the tomatoes whilst I had been gone. He knew by this stage that they had been and I hadn't been home, and told me to lock the door in future if I left the house.

This is one close call that almost went wrong. I haven't got time now, but will relate another story or two later

*001*2015-02-03 22:15

Another near disaster occurred when I was home alone aged about 15.

Same scenario. Had peed my pants a few times already that day and had washed everything and got it on the line drying nicely. There was enough laundry left for one more load. I searched my drawers for something else I could wet, then wash with the rest. I found an old pair of Speedo bathers I hadn't worn in years. Since puberty started, I had taken to wearing board shorts when swimming, and as well as being a fatty, I never wore Speedos at all anymore. This old pair were patterned with blue and white swirls with red stars. I put them on, and while they were too small and fairly tight, I squeezed into them.

I went outside wearing just those and nothing else, enjoying the feeling of being outside with no shirt on in the sun. I knew the day was getting late, and so I would have to be quick about it. I didn't really want anyone finding my old bathers on the line and asking why I was wearing my kiddie swimmers anymore.

I stood on the lawn and tried to pee. Problem was I had already peed like 5 times already, and reall had no urge to go! I stood there with my legs together as I usually did, because I loved the feeling of pee running down my legs. I pushed a bit, and a small dribble leaked out. It was enough for a small wet spot to appear, but that was about all. I was determined to wet these bathers, so I spread my legs open and squatted down, like I was riding an invisible horse. I pushed again, this time harder.

And I shit my pants.

I hadn't even felt the need to go, but suddenly my bowls loosened and a large runny poop squirted out, filling the back of my too-small bathers. A moment of quiet panic had me standing still in that position for maybe 10 seconds as my mind went into overdrive. I snapped out of it with a plan of action. I couldn't go inside and shower for fear of making a mess on the floor. Because my Speedos were so small, they hadn't contained it very well and it was on my legs and one foot.

I waddled to the hose and dragged it around to the bush at the side of the house where I had hidden in my wet pants before. I turned it on, removed my now disgusting bathers, then hosed off. I ran naked back inside leaving my soiled pants hidden under the bush. Inside I quickly dried off, put on a t shirt, briefs and sweats, and returned to the bush with a plastic bag. There was no way I was washing these. The only option was to throw them out, but I was to paranoid to throw them in our bin. I carefully picked them up, feeling a bit sick as I did so. I've never reall liked poop, then or now.

I bagged them and tied the bag up. I then hopped on my bike and hastily rode to the local shops where I threw the bag in their trash then hurried home. By the time I got home I was so relieved. I hosed any remaining evidence away and started to relax. By now I was starting to realise that I had a bit of an upset tummy, and now I could feel the urge to go again.

I went inside and sat on the toilet, congratulating myself for handling the situation well. When I looked down, I quickly realised that I had forgotten one important thing.

To wipe before I got dressed.

My tighty whities were skid marked badly from front to back due to my bike ride. After I had used the toilet, I had a quick shower, got clean, dressed again, then it was another ride to the shops with another plastic bag of soiled pants to dispose of.

Got away with it though!

*002*2015-02-06 06:25

Another bad experience is the time I got caught. I think I was about 14 at the time.

Mum was home that day. It was summer time and pretty hot. Mum would watch "Days Of Our Lives" every day at 1:30, and I would have to find something to do that wouldn't disturb her. On this day I told her I would go and set the lawn sprinkler up, do some sun bathing, then cool off.

I set the sprinkler up and turned it on. I lay my towel down behind the water spray, and parallel to the house. I lay down on my towel and enjoyed the sunshine. I was not under the spray, but occasionally a drop or two of cold water would land on my back. Of course I had decided to do this for the express purpose of wetting my pants. I had been holding on for a while, and my bladder was already nicely full. I knew that I was safe for an hour while mum watched her show, and planned on weeing in my pale green shorts just as I got under the sprinkler.

As I lay there, my thoughts drifted off to my old bed wetting days. I hadn't wet the bed for over 3 years, and I was trying to remember just what it felt like. Suddenly the idea came to me. Instead of peeing under the hose, why not wet myself as I lay on my towel? It would be just like the old days! I could rinse the towel off under the hose, and no one would know!

I tried to relax and let go. But when your groin is pushed hard into the ground, releasing is difficult. Eventually I raised my hips a bit, and some pee squirted out. I lay back down again, and enjoyed the warm feeling on my crotch. Again I raised my hips, pushed a bit, and this time the floodgates fully opened. I started wetting flat out, and even when I lay down flat again I kept peeing.

I seemed to pee for a long time. When I stopped, I pretended I was young again, and was just waking up I a wet bed. I groaned and put a hand on the towel under me. It was soaked from my tummy to halfway down my thighs. I grabbed my shorts, felt how wet they were, and instantly got hard.

I should of got up then and run under the water, but didn't. I sat up, and managed to let more out, then lay back on the soaked towel again. It was great! And I still had at least 20 minutes left until mums soap opera finished.

I went cold when I heard mum call out from the back door "Barry. Phone for you!"

"I'll be in in a minute!" I replied.

"It's ok. I bought it to the door for you. It's Chris."

These were the days before cordless phones. We had a really long extension cord on our phone that would reach the door.

"Come on. He's waiting for you!"

It was obvious she was going to stand there holding the damn phone till I got there!

As I said, the sprinkler was directly between her and I. She was going to stand there, my shorts were saturated, and the rest of me was completely dry. I quickly stood up, and had to walk straight towards her to get under the water, fully exposing my "accident."

I picked up the sprinkler, used it to rinse off, then went to my mother and took the phone. I spoke to my mate for about a minute, just confirming our plans for the next day. Mum just stood there looking at me and waited.

When I finished, she just said straight out, "Did you wee in your pants Barry?"

I couldn't deny it. "Yes. I'm sorry."

"Why?"

"I was going to pee under the hose. But I remembered when I used to wet the bed, and thought it might be fun to do it laying down. I'm sorry!"

"It's one thing to wee under the hose young man, another thing entirely to do it on a towel! Make sure you rinse that and yourself off properly before you come inside. And don't do it again!"

We never discussed it again. But there was some awkwardness between us for a while. It was hard admitting to my mother that at age 14 I had deliberately wet my pants for fun.

