Kate's experiences

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-07-10 23:10

As I mentioned in this toppic $/26682-wet-cycling-tour/

My friend Kate is too into omorashi and I promised to share some of her experiences, so here it it:

The firt she told me become my favorite. It's when she went with her girlfriend (let's call her Jane) (as I mentioned, Kate is lesbian) to Alps to skying. They were there for two weeks. One day Jane was sick, so she stayed at hotel, but Kate went skying, because the have paid for the skypasses. She arrived to hill as usualy (just bit later). She was skying some time and then went to restaurant for tee, because this day was realy cold. After about a hour and four tees she left and went to skying again. It was about four hours when the slope will close and she was decided to stay there until closing or until she will freeze.

As Kate was skying, she started to need to go pee, but she much didn't mind. After half hour, she was desperated, so she wet to find the toilet. She was just on the top of the hill and toilets there were closed, which means she has to go down. In the middle of way, she figured out she can't make it, so she stoped at the margin of the slope and went to forest to pee there. She was wearing (not sure how to say in english) winter pants, which were realy thick and made of cotton to be warm. 

When she pulled them down, she started to pee, but there was so cold, she putted them again on, but she forget to stop pee. When she stopped, it was too late and she felt here pants ar soaked till knees. But her bladder wasn't empy, and because from outside no pee could be seen, she left the rest of pee go out. She felt her pants are soaked from top to bottom, but only small wet spot between her legs could be seen. She returned on the slope, having few hour continued skying in pissed pants, but thanks to thick cotton still warm.

(WARNING, FOLOWING PART CONTAINING MESSING)

After a while, she started to need to poop. She could hold it for more hours and make it to the hotel, but Kate was so horny, when she was skying, she started to shit. (oh god, this part turned mee so much on). Kate said she was so much enjoying the shit in her panties. When se get down the hill, she get on chair lift (maybe, just the thing that gets you up the hill). When she sit, the shit smeared everywhere around in her pants. She was skying for the rest hour in wet shitted pants. When they closed the slope, she went to hotel, where was Jane. When she discovered she did it, she went a bit angry. Jane is too into omorashi and she and kate decided to doo things like this together. kate said she was sorry, but it was accident, when she peed and then she was so turned up.

Next day, Jane was fine, so they went skying againt together and they did some omo too. Kate peed when she was goind fast down the hill and Jane when she was jumping (they like to play it like I was so scary and things like it) This day only Jane pooped her pants. Kate said she did it on chair lift and she was farting so much during it. I sawed images, but Kate didn't sended them to me (and She will propably didn't want to share them). This year, I'm going with them, so I hope I will have fun and I will write experiences here.

And that's one of Kate's experiences, hope I will write another one soon

