Sneaky outdoor pee

Author: KimbaStarshine

*000*2014-07-17 03:12

Tonight I was home alone and outside with my dog when I got the idea to piddle outdoors. I've only done it twice; I've detailed my first time here $/19910-my-first-outdoor-pee/

There's something about peeing outside, I can't really explain it. It probably has something to do with the fact that I saw it as such a taboo thing, and still sort of do.

Anyway, my parents soon returned home, my mother took the dog in, and I was alone by myself in the dark. While I have a decent-sized front and back yard, my home is pretty much surrounded by other houses, making nighttime peeing the best choice. I chose a spot, lowered my shorts and panties, squatted, and... nothing. I had to go, but shy bladder struck again. It's that fear of being caught doing such a prohibited thing.

I waited a while before trying again and visited my parents a time or two at the living room window just to make sure they were occupied and unlikely to come looking for me. But despite feeling close to letting my bladder go, this attempt also failed. I thought about maybe taking off my shorts and simply moving my underwear out of the way to pee standing up, or getting down on my knees, but after trying to position my panties this way I didn't think they'd stay dry, so I tried something else.

There was a chair in the backyard I'd previously sat in to read, but it got all dirty. I didn't want to drag another chair to the backyard though. I figured I'd just sit on the edge, plus I was going to get a bath soon. So I took it to my chosen area, dropped my garments, and positioned myself on said edge. My bladder was hesitant at first, but after a few minutes the sound of pee hitting the earth could be heard, and I was able to completely relieve myself.

I got up from the chair, feeling some leftover pee hitting my inner thigh, but not worrying since I was bathing soon anyway. I shook my behind to remove any more piddle, pulled up my clothes, and proceeded into the house to wash my hands and type up this recount

*002*2014-07-17 04:22

The one thing I hate about peeing outside at night though is that I can't see the puddle forming beneath me. It's like missing part of the experience.

*004*2014-07-17 13:52

One small detail I missed - I also checked the chair afterwards to see if I got any pee on it, not that it really mattered!

*007*2014-08-08 17:37

I attempted to do this again the other night, but then I heard one of my neighbors cough and I chickened out; I didn't want him/her to hear me peeing. But I'm kinda glad now I didn't, because today I realized that with where I had the chair placed, it's visible in my front yard through the bushes. Not sure how visible it is the dark, but anyway...

*008*2014-08-09 00:10

Another small update: Tried to do my first daylight outdoor pee a bit ago. I found a more secluded spot, in a grown-over area of my backyard bordering a wooded hillside, with a small stump I could sit on and pee off the side. But alas, my shy bladder and the fear of being caught wouldn't allow more than a couple drops to escape.

