Girls desperate on the bus

Author: Apan

*000*2014-05-26 20:18

Hello there! Thought I'd finally pay my dues for being a lurker for so long. I've been into female desperation and accidents ever since I first learned to string two notions together mentally (literally all my life, that is, at least since my early childhood). I'm still to figure out why it's so arousing and sexual with a desperate girl/woman helplessly stuck in a situation where there's no bathroom available, being close to getting to one or indeed being near one but for some reason prevented by someone or something to actually get to it, be it an object, a human being or even herself, hindered by her psychological barriers. I could theorize about it here, but the subject has already been milked to death by now. (I guess there is a sadistic trait in it though; good thing it's limited to my own personal fantasies).

It's been at least 15 years by now since I started to discover on the ever-growing internet that I wasn't alone in this, and I still remember being tremendously aroused by some of the stories I encountered. Ever since I have mainly been a lurker, regularly scanning the sites for, ehm, "pleasurable material", literally and graphically. Every now and then I have, under pseudonyms (or rather, hastily conjured nicknames in order to access the forums) actually made some contributions, sometimes in the form of faked photos, to mixed reactions. That's not the reason why I'm here writing this, though.

I have not really encountered that many real-life accidents in my time, and it took quite a while to get to the point from which I now find it worthy to start revealing the few cases when it actually happened. I could start cronologically of course, but since I for some reason stumbled over an excuse to hastily tell a colleague at work of a couple of them in a brief passing conversation, I summoned the inspiration to lay out before you all the most recent one.

###

(Note that any quotations are approximate, since some swedish expressions are hard or impossible to translate in their original form)

###

I'm born, raised and living in Sweden, these days in the midst of it, at least demographically (everyone familiar with this quirky country knows that the population becomes more and more sparse and sprawly the further northward one comes). In the fall of 2011 I had just started a new job in the next town, about 40 km from my hometown, which meant I had to get there and back by bus (which by the way wasn't that bad since it got me a lot of time to acquaint my ever-growing music collection). This event took place about a month or so into this new job, around October, that is.

It was friday evening (probably, I actually don't remember, although it must have been, all circumstances considered), just after 8 PM when the last shift ended. I rode the bus from work to the bus station in that same city to change to the one that went home, a ride that took about 45 minutes. Well on the connecting bus I took a brief notice of a group of three girls, I'd guess they were around 18 since they were obviously on their way to my hometown to party. (It's the bigger of the cities in the area, so naturally it's where it's at on weekends). It could have been annoying as usual, what with all the giggling and constant chatter, but I had my earphones blasting Steely Dan at the moment (yes, I'm good at remembering these things) so they wouldn't really bother me.

For some reason though, I momentarily muted the MP3 player and in the process overheard the girls going on about needing the bathroom. I don't remember the exact words, but the essence of it was a brief conversation about the notion of going to the toilet in the bus station before taking off. For some reason though, they didn't. I turned the music on and thought nothing of it as I fell into a half-slumber. The bus then took off shortly thereafter.

After about twenty minutes or so, or halfway home, I'm suddenly shook back to reality by a figure in the corner of my eye. It was one of the girls from the back. (I sat just by the middle door of the bus, right at the edge of the rear half of the bus just behind the space in the middle where the prams use to go). She had light brown straight hair and was dressed in a blue-ish plaid shirt and a pair of really tight faded jeans. She stood by the side of my seat row, sort of half-walking on the spot, looking really worried. I unplugged my ears to see to what did I owe the honour.

She came on in a stressed voice: "Excuse me, is it OK if we stop by the road? We need to get off and pee! It's really urgent!". She squirmed around, supporting herself with one hand on the backrest of the seat.

I honestly didn't know what to say. The sudden shock, the hastily dawning excitement and the prospects of a really interesting situation aside, I also wondered why the hell she was asking me. For one thing, I wasn't even the only additional passenger on the bus, albeit close to it since there were at least a couple other people further at the front.

I summoned enough sense to come up with an appropriate answer though, which in essence was that I didn't mind us stopping at all. However, I already tried to sneak in a saving clause, adding that we were only about 15 minutes from the destination, fishing for a prolonged wait for the girls. It actually was more like 20 minutes, supposing there was no obstacle on the way in the form of traffic or a particularily slow boarding passenger.

She immediately replied "We can't wait any longer, we're panicking! It's an emergency!", squirming even harder by the side of the seat, grinding her legs against one another and slightly bouncing up and down with an anxious expression on her face. It was an image to treasure forever. Her shirt was wide open at the top, two or three buttons undone, revealing her smooth neck with her hair hanging down between the wide collar, making her so damn cute. Her tight jeans strained against her skin as she constantly twisted her legs around each other.

"Alright, but I'm not the driver so you'd better get down the front and ask him" I replied to her.

She walked briskly down the isle with small steps trying to keep her legs together with her hands pressing against her side, and I realised I had just wasted the chance of a lifetime. I started rewinding the conversation in my head. Instead of accepting our stopping by the roadside, I countered with that I had an appointment to catch, that I couldn't afford as much as a minute of delay on the trip. Even coming up with being on my way to the hospital to visit a friend I just learned had been in an accident or something, anything to weigh up their need to pee. I silently cursed myself, plugged in my earphones again but let them remain silent in order to hear what was to follow.

I secretly eyed her standing at the front with her hands balled up in fists by her side as she stood squirming in front of the driver's booth. I couldn't quite make out her words as it was at a bit of distance, but it went something like:

"Excuse me, could you please stop at the side of the road real quick? We have to get off and pee, we'll be really quick, I promise! Please?!"

I couldn't hear his answer to her plea, but he seemed to give forth a brief explanation that he wasn't allowed to stop between the stopping-places. I carefully watched the girl who by know even crossed her legs, still with her hands at her side, seemingly pressing against the outer side of her thighs, and slightly bend down as if to add more pressure on her pee hole as well as underscoring her urgency.

"Please! It's really an emergency! We will be really quick! Please, we can't wait any longer!"

I still thought he would melt and give in for her and her friends and pull over. It would just be too good to be true if he didn't.

The girl crossed her legs the other way, putting her right hand on her ass from behind and grabbing the front of her left thigh with her left hand, once again slightly bending down and bouncing in place, eagerly waiting for the driver's response.

He obviously came up with one, as she begged forth a cry of gratitude, bending over ever so slightly with both her hands on her thighs, replying in a voice I can only describe as pure ecstatic bliss on her part:

"Oh thank you, thank you, thank you!! We will be quick, I promise!!"

Her look of utter relief crossed with a simultaneous desperation was undescribable, as she hobbled back toward the back of the bus to her friends. She announced the news, that they were stopping in a moment so that they could get off for their long-awaited pee. I silently willed the bus to keep going for just a little bit longer so that she would not make it and wet herself, but it started to ease down the hard shoulder and slow down and I knew it would be over in a minute.

The girls approached the middle door as the bus slowed down. I finally had the chance of checking the others out as well. One was dark-haired, wearing a flowered top and a denim skirt over a pair of black tights, the other was more on the blonde side, wearing a white blouse and black tight pants, stretching over her ass as she crossed her legs. She was obviously the other desperation victim of the group, but even then not nearly as seemingly desperate as the plaid-shirted girl.

The were all standing by the side of the seats at the door. The blonde certainly looked distressed as well, but her friend was definitely in a much worse shape, crossing her legs as hard as she could with her hands stroking the tight denim on her thighs dangerously near her crotch, continuously bending down. She bit her lip, alternating her looking out the window on nothing in particular since it was dark, while looking forward in the direction of the driver.

The bus started to come to a halt and she mouthed loudly down the isle to the driver "Thank you, oh please, thank you!!!". The blonde uncrossed her legs and started to rub them against each other, saying to the others "Oh god, how lucky! I honestly am about to pee myself!" She banged her left hand slightly on her leg and sort of walked on the spot. She was facing the door so I couldn't see her face at this point.

The plaid-shirted girl had now resorted to holding herself with her right hand, supporting herself with her left grabbing the pole at the door. She crossed her legs and half-crouched down, muttering "Oh god! Please stop [the bus]!". Sadly for me, he was just about to. The two of them would get out, have their pee and all would be well.

I imagined just how bad the situation was, especially for the plaid-shirted girl. How bad would she have had to pee if she not only was prepared to actually hold up a public transport with all the other people with places to go, and by a dark road at that, but also approaching a complete stranger for no obvious reason. (That part still puzzles me to this day, it has to be said). The prospects of having no more than fifteen (ok, twenty; like I said, I did try to trim the edges a little before) minutes to wait for a toilet, and even then concluding that it would undoubtedly be enough for an accident to occur if no measures were taken, it definitely pointed at some really acute desperation at hand.

The plaid-shirted girl looked equally distressed and relieved, slowly loosening the grip of the pole to reposition her hand to the bar leading down the steps towards the door. Her legs were still tightly crossed and she bounced up and down as the bus eased down the hard shoulder. She breathed heavily as she stared with worried but anticipating eyes out the window at the dark plains of relief.

Then the driver's intercom came on, and a few second thereafter the speed suddenly increased as the bus repositioned itself onto the main road.

###

(I'll go ahead and stop right there and try the water with this first part before continuing. I do tend to stretch out when I give accounts of things)

*007*2014-05-27 15:27

Thanks for the positive feedback! I will complete the anecdote later this week.

*009*2014-05-27 19:14

Here's part two of the event. Hope you'll enjoy its continuation.

###

"What's he doing?! Why won't he stop??" the plaided girl cried as the bus sped up on the road. She carried a look of sheer horror on her face as she realised the bus obviously wasn't stopping and she crouched down once on her crossed legs. The driver came on the speaker, although I can't quite remember his exact words. In essence it was an explanation, mainly to the girls for whom he had made the promise to stop, that he had received a call from a colleague who probably were stationed in the town of our destination. He had to catch up with the schedule in order to sync with both connecting city buses as well as an arriving train. It then dawned upon me that the bus we were on was actually a bit behind schedule, leaving the bus station at least five or ten minutes over time.

The dark-haired girl, who was in the least amount of distress of the three, came on loudly: "Oh, come on! You can't do that!". The blonde crossed her legs and started to bounce up and down with one hand in her crotch, anxiously proclaiming "Oh god, he has to stop! I can't wait any longer!"

The plaided girl was obviously the worst off, and she immediately started hobbling forward on the bus as good as she could, weaving her legs and keeping both hands in front of her. I couldn't see if she was holding herself between her legs but she was really tensed. She hurried forth to the driver and cried "You have to stop! We're panicking! We can't wait another second!! You have to! Pull over, please, pleeaaaase!!". She bounced up and down as she pleaded, still with her legs wrapped around each other. The back of her light denim pants were so tight against her bulging ass as she squirmed. Any amount of pee would be instantly visible and possibly even soaking through the stretched material, yielding streams of urine directly onto the floor beneath her.

The driver seemed to reply the same thing as he had already announced because the girl actually started to sob, tears beginning to run down her cheek. She looked so helpless in her realisation that her only chance to prevent a possible accident had been denied her. She was beginning to make quite a spectacle of herself in front of the selected few of us on the bus. "Oh god, please, please, pleeeease!!!" she continued to plead. "It will only take a minute!! I'm gonna wet myself!!!!". I was so excited I could die, but still carried that feeling that the driver probably would give in after all once again, despite already being late.

But the driver didn't budge this time, making it very clear that the combination of stopping at the roadside (something which already was against the rules, for some reason) and holding up or even miss several connecting public transports was more than he, the company or the potential passengers could afford. (This I actually heard, since his voice was slightly louder this time, probably in order to stress the importance of his statement). She would just have to wait. We were by now about 15 minutes from the train station, which was the main destination. The plaided girl sobbed in panic and carefully made her way back on the bus, this time definitely holding her right hand between her legs while her left grabbed her thigh as she tried with all her might to keep them pressed together. This was more than I could ever have hoped for!

She positioned herself on the seat nearest to the middle door, beside the dark-haired girl and with the blonde sitting on the seat behind, naturally preparing for getting off as quickly as possible, if they were to actually make it after all. The plaided girl didn't cross her legs when sitting down, but started to squirm around, her knees grinding up and down against each other while she held herself tightly in her crotch. She was sobbing softly, letting out an occasional moan of anguish. None of the girls had apparently paid any noticable attention to my presence since I first was approached about five minutes earlier. I sort of pretended to be back in my slumber, all the while with my earphones plugged in, although I did my best to keep track of the events without disclosing my eager attention and interest. Must have done a good job on that one.

"This is so unfair! I can't hold it! I'm gonna piss myself!!" the plaided girl cried to her friends as she squirmed around heavily on the seat, holding herself for dear life. The blonde sat behind with tightly crossed legs, rocking back and forth, replying "We have to make it! I can't piss myself! I just can't!". Their respective fidgeting and squirming carried on like mentioned for maybe 5 minutes. Then suddenly the plaided girl froze, grabbing the bar in front of her with her right hand, leaning slightly forward with her head bowed down and her eyes closed with her left hand still in her crotch. She obviously experienced a giant spasm, conjuring all her inner strength in order to prevent an accident on the seat. She breathed heavily and let out a panicked whisper, "Oh god...!!"

"What's the matter?" said the dark-haired girl. "We're almost there, just keep on holding it!" The plaided girl started to cry softly and began bouncing her legs rapidly up and down, sort of whining as she did. By now it was about 10 minutes left of the journey and I began to spot the city lights reflecting up to the night sky. I prayed for a roadwork or traffic jam or something like that, but the traffic was sparse and the bus maintained speed in order to catch up with the schedule. Perhaps he was also trying to get the poor girls to the station toilet in time.

The plaided girl now crossed her legs and almost twisted them around each other, sort of anchoring her left foot around her right ankle. She gripped the sides of the seat and started to hotch around like a corkskrew. She had the most distressed look on her face, casting glances of anticipation out the front window far ahead. She was still sobbing, certainly over the prospect of not making it and flooding her skin-tight jeans in public. I so wanted her to piss herself right there on the seat, but couldn't help assuming that she was going to make it to the train station. After all, ten minutes is not very long, and what are the odds that such a pretty girl in such pretty clothes would go from holding it to losing it in such a brief amount of time?

###

I just can't seem to express myself in brief terms, so in order to buy some time, increase the readability and - of course - keep up the tension, I'll leave you with this the second part.

*015*2014-05-28 20:07

{{:

Great job! Can't wait for the third part. It's always nice to run into a fellow swede at this forum, with that in mind i send you a extra warm welcome. If you ever feel like sharing the swedish draft of your experience, i know a guy who would be interested. ;)

}}

Thanks! A pleasure indeed to encounter a fellow countryman. I'm actually writing this down directly in english, so there's no draft by the way. The third part is on its way. And once again, thanks for all the positive regards!

*020*2014-05-29 18:13

Again, thanks for the kind words! Here is part three.

###

It took a couple of minutes when she once again leant forward, gripping the metal bar with one hand and her crotch with the other, still with her legs tightly crossed. She let out a panicked wimper which could only mean that it was by now a dead serious situation, and she sobbed heavily. Her dark-haired friend asked her if she was OK, and she replied with a rapid shake of her head, seemingly not able to utter a word for the moment being. Then she started to shudder as she pressed forth between her sniffles: "I'm gonna wet myself... I'm really gonna wet myself... This cannot be true...!" She started to squirm around again, grinding her ass against the seat, all the while with her legs locked in a tight knot. Tears where running down her face, underscoring the utter urgency of her need and her absolute distress.

The bus approached the edge of the city, meaning that it was maybe five minutes left of the journey. The traffic thickened slightly but we were still mantaining a good flow. I hadn't really paid that much attention to the blonde girl all the while, but noticed she sat with her legs tightly crossed, squirming around silently with her hands in her lap and occasionally rocking back and forth in her seat. The plaided girl suddenly uncrossed her legs and straightened up in the seat, freezing like that for a couple of seconds with an expresseion of total panic on her face.

Her eyes flew open and stared out in the void and she gasped loudly as she gripped the seat with one hand and pressing the other into her crotch with considerable force. "Oh god, oh god, oh god!!!!!" she cried. I wondered if the pee had started to find its way out through the stretched denim and onto the seat. Oh man, how sexy it would be if she lost control now! The piss overflowing the padded sead and splashing onto the floor as she desperately squirmed around trying to stop it. No such luck, and we were by now so close to the destination that I ceased hoping for a waterfall.

The mainline fell into the highway which led through the city and the destination was fast approaching. The plaided girl continue her sniffling cry and had resumed her knotted legs position while holding herself, squirming around and occasionally shuddering from utter panic. She started to look around out of the windows, obviously looking for any sign of the destination. In about a minute, as the bus entered the ramp which led the way onto the road that eventually led to the station, she started to sort of seeking grip with her left hand around her leg, as if to find somewhere to put it in order to momentarily increase her holding abilities. She started to panic again, breathing heavily and whining. "Oh god, oh, please hurry up. I'm wetting myself, I'm wetting myself!". She was still lying regarding that part though.

Now, what you need to know is that there is one stopping-place about a kilometer before the station, one to which this route is assigned as well. It dawned upon me that it was definitely a possibility that the girls would take advantage of that and get off there. The main reason why they wouldn't would of course be that there are no public bathrooms in that particular area, but across that road it is quite dark and heavy on bushes, so anyone anywhere near the level of desperation now on display would most probably consider that an adequate substitute for a public convenience, not least regarding the earlier potential roadside emergency stop. This brought me down a bit, as that very stop was even faster approaching, by now not more than a minute away.

The plaided girl rocked back and forth on her ass, pulsatingly tensing her knotted legs around each other. Still crying from her anxiousness and taking short, shallow breaths, she hastily looked around out the windows over the passing area, whining "Please hurry up, please hurry up!!". We passed the McDonalds and gas station signalling that the next stop was less than a minute away, given a green light at the junction right before. The bus eased onto the main street which led through the city. She once again gripped the side of the seat with the left hand while her right continued its holding duties. She then bowed her head down, closing her eyes and sniffled as she squirmed around.

Said bus stop came into our sight, but none of the girls actually took notice. Perhaps this wasn't that surprising since they all probably lived in the next town from which we departed. It even took me a few travels to learn that you could get on and off by that particular spot. The stop sign was in fact lit, something which neither I (due to habit, probably) nor the girls had noticed in all their predicament, meaning that there was at least one person getting of at that stop. The bus ground to a halt at the stopping-place and I carefully held my eye on the girls, assuming that they would seize the opportunity to a premature stop albeit with a much needed relief. But none of them were aware of the stop just then. I sat there counting the seconds, thinking to myself "Please don't get off, please don't get off, please don't get off".

The front door opened and one person got off. The hissing sound of the door startled the dark-haired girl, seemingly getting to grips with the fact that they had stopped over the course of a couple of seconds. She then realised that it was actually a stopping-place and immediately announced it to her desperate friends. "We've stopped, there's a bus stop here too! Get off, quick, get off! I'll get your jackets!" It was obvious that she had mainly adressed the plaided girl beside her, not least since she obviously had to move for the dark-haired girl to get off as well, but she was still buried in her own desperation with her head held down and crying while twisting around on the seat.

"Quick! We can get off now!" the dark-haired girl announced again, this time alerting both the blonde and the plaided girl who looked upp with teary face out the windows around the area. Her expression immediately took on a sign of utter relief and joy as she realised that her desperation was coming to a decent end. She gave out a tensed sigh of anticipation "Oh yes, oh god yes!!" and gripped the bar in front of her, still holding herself with the other hand, and turned herself outwards on the seat, still holding her legs tightly crossed. All this happened over the course of maybe 15 seconds or so.

Then something happened which I to this day simply cannot believe.

During the time of the girls's startling realisation, the passenger at the front had made his way out of the bus and the door had closed. The bus started to ease itself out of the pocket and onto the main street. The dark-haired girl, somewhat accompanied by the blonde, shouted forward to the driver "Stop! We're getting off! Stop the bus!!", but it had already reached the main junction at speed, and the light was green so it had to keep going anyway. The driver said out loudly that he couldn't stop right in the middle of the street and assured them that they would reach the station in a couple of minutes. The blonde stood bouncing with her legs crossed, supporting herself on the seat. The bus drove past the main junction towards the station.

The dark-haired girl had made her way down to the front of the seat row in front of the door, staring forward in disbelief. Her plaided friend was devastated, half-standing with twisted legs in the isle by the side of the seat, supporting herself with her right hand grippind the pole in front of the seat and the left gripping her crotch. Her face was one of utter despair and she started to cry in panic. The bus had reached the first of three traffic lights before the station and caught it just as it changed to red. I prayed for a red wave all the way, counting the seconds.

As the bus waited for green, the plaided girl stood bouncing up and down with her crossed legs. Then after a few seconds, she uncrossed them and started to rapidly grind her knees against each other back and forth for a couple of seconds, all the while crying and whining in total desperation. Then she suddenly stopped and bent her right knee forward over her left, also slightly bent inwards. The lights changed and the bus eased forward toward the next set of lights. She now put both her hands deep in her crotch and bent down slightly with her right knee over her left in said half-crossed position, squealing in panic "Oh god, oh god, oh god!!!!". The bus managed to catch the next red light as well and slowed down to a halt, and then it happened.

Standing in her half-bent, half-crossed-legs position, desperately holding her crotch, the light denim started to darken around her crotch for a couple of seconds and a couple of streams squirted through the tight denim on her ass, dripping onto the floor beneath her. She winced and whined in despair as the pee suddenly started to gush out of her, instantly soaking down the front of her thighs, glistening as it ran through the fabric, and starting to trickle off from her knees onto the floor. It just as instantly soaked down the back of her thighs, down her calves and up around her ass. She cried and cried, tears streaming down her face. It hissed out of her with total abandon, soaking through the material around her ass and back of her thigh, streaming down in trickles onto her calves and the floor, on which a large puddle was growing backwards and forwards in the aisle.

The blonde stood in shock behind her, momentarily forgetting about her own desperation, albeit still with her legs crossed. She had to step up onto the elevated seat floor to avoid the ocean of pee emerging on the floor. "Oh god, what are you doing! I can't believe it!", she mouthed. The dark-haired girl stood, equally shocked, with her hand over her mouth in total disbelief of the scene. The plaided girl pissed on and on, pee forcing itself around her hands, futilely trying to hold back the flood. It poured down her legs, glistening on the soaked material, by now carrying visible streams of pee in it. Trickles still made their way through the fabric of her ass and upper legs, some of them splashing onto the floor and some feeding the streams on her calves. She was totally hapless and inconsolable.

She stood like that for about a minute, emptying her bladder all the while. After the streams died out she was still standing in that same position, crying as pee dripped from her jeans. The puddle on the floor made its way down the steps to the door as the bus eased forward toward the station. I had not even noticed the lights turning green and the bus moving forward. By now we were turning into the station. Her dark-haired friend stepped up to her and put her hand on her shoulder, trying to calm her down. The blonde, still desperate and certainly none the less desperate in the wake of this, uttered that they had to get to the station toilets quickly or she would join her plaided friend in her misery.

The bus stopped by the row of shelters and the dark-haired girl collected their jackets and stood waiting for the other two to make their way out. The blonde hurried down the steps and toward the station building, half-running with her legs grinding against each other for what I could see, and that was the last of her. The plaided girl, still crying, walked slowly in a stiff, half-bent posture down the steps and stopped outside the bus to wait for her friend who then followed. Her jeans were totally soaked from top to bottom and the amount of pee on the floor was unbelievable. The dark-haired girl hugged her friend outside the bus and tried her best to console her before they walked away in the direction of the station building. I have no idea how they would solve the predicament of the soaked jeans, nor would I ever find out.

I was actually going to get off on that station as well, but the whole situation just seemed too awkward (not to mentioned me being massively turned on), so I decided to wait till the next stop at the hospital, which was the end station of the route. Normally there are few things as off-putting as pee smell in public places, but the giant dissolving puddle beside me here definitely yielded one of the most sexually arousing scents I have ever felt. I got off the bus and tried to wrap my mind around what I had just been experienced.

