A Desperate Girls Guide to Sports - Football with Bea!

Author: Millan

*000*2012-06-28 17:32

So, I don’t know if any of you guys have been following the European Football Championship that is going on now (it’s almost over actually), or if you’re totally unaware of it. Personally I am not very interested either and I hadn’t planned to watch any of the games, but I had a sudden burst of creativity and came up with a pretty fun idea…

England and Sweden were put in the same group, and I figured I could make the game into a drinking/holding game. Since I already know the perfect girl from England, Beatrix on this site, I just had to talk to her and come up with some rules regarding the game and we could give it a go. Before I start the story though, for those of you that don’t know Bea, she has a bit of an extreme metabolism which means she can sometimes get desperate super fast ^_^

###

Here are the rules we used, and since you Brits and Americans use the illogical nonsense system with pints and stuff I had to convert all measurements! Bea only had access to pint-size glasses anyway so it was the most convenient solution for both of us!

Every 10 minutes during the game: Quarter of a pint

Final score (Should be both bets on what team will win or if it's a draw, and also on actual final score). If you don't get the winning team/draw thing right, one pint. If someone gets the correct score (2-1 or whatever), the other one drinks 1.5 pint

Which team gets the first corner? Half a pint

Which team gets the first yellow/red card? Half a pint

Total number of cards in the game - Whole pint for the other if someone gets this right.

Which team gets the first free kick? Half a pint

Will there be any penalty? (One pint), if we also guess correctly what team gets the penalty, add another half pint

For each goal from the opposite team, half a pint.

+ Quarter of a pint for each free kick caused by your own team (So if a Swede tackles an Englishman, I will drink).

+ Quarter of a pint for each corner the opposite team gets.

And our actual guesses before the game started:

Millan:

Final score: Draw, 1-1

First corner. Sweden

First card: Sweden

Total number of cards: 3

First free kick: England

Penalty kicks: 0

Bea:

Final score: 2-1 to England

First Corner: England

First Card: Sweden

# of cards: 4

First free kick: Sweden

- and 1 penalty to Sweden

###

We had decided the day before that we would have our last bathroom break four hours before the game start and drink roughly one pint in that time so that we didn’t start out completely empty. We met up around 7:30 PM, one hour and fifteen minutes before game start, and it turned out that Bea was already pretty full. I’m not sure if it was just due to her crazy metabolism or something else, but we had to do something about it. Since I was not entirely empty myself either I decided to give her two options; Either she had to just hold it and go on as long as she could and start out at a disadvantage, or she would have to change into a pair of jeans and wet herself on the spot, then drink a whole pint before the game start so that we would be sort of even to begin with.

Bea decided on the second option and went to get a pair of jeans to put on over her white panties. She stood up and when I saw her go “aaaaaaa~~” in the chat I knew she was going…What a naughty girl ^_^. She told me that she didn’t have that much in her but that she still got pretty wet, mostly down the back of her left leg. I imagined her standing there in wet jeans for a while before I had to get going to fix a few things before the game started, and we decided to just meet up at 8:45 PM for the game, and by then both of us were supposed to have one pint in our bladders already.

When we met up again, we were dressed according to a code we set up earlier where we had to wear the colors of our own country. Bea went with white panties, red and white shorts and a Union Jack dress while I dressed up in yellow panties, blue bra, yellow t shirt and blue jeans.

The game started at 9 PM and it didn’t take long until England got the first free kick, just as I guessed. That meant Bea had to start off with half a pint while I had to do a quarter, according to the rules. We were off to a good start and it didn’t take long until Sweden had two free kicks as well which meant Bea had to drink a whole pint within the first four minutes, while I was still only on my first quarter. After that England had another free kick and we passed the ten minute mark so we each had to drink another quarter pint, and I was slowly catching up to Beas liquid intake.

We continued chatting for a while and we were both pretty excited to have the outcome of the game decide how much each of us should drink. Normally when I have contests with other people we drink the same amount and see who can last the longest, while this idea was more based on luck. Either way it was a lot of fun to not be in control of how much we had to drink, and the fact that we had no idea if it would be fairly equal or if one of us would have to drink tons more than the other was very exciting.

Not much happened for a while until we passed the twenty minute mark and had another quarter pint, and shortly after England scored. That of course meant I had to drink ¾ of a pint which put me “in the lead” in terms of drinking. Holding was still not an issue though as pretty much none of what I had been drinking had made it to my bladder yet, and I am kind of the opposite of Bea when it comes to filling up – She’s really fast and I’m incredibly slow. I told her that “Sweden may suck at football but I can hold!

And we continued teasing each other a bit as I reminded Bea of her weakness, even though her team was most likely better than mine. We passed the thirty minute mark while just chatting and enjoying ourselves, and had another quarter of a pint.

I was at a disadvantage over the next couple of minutes as Sweden was playing much rougher than England, which meant that I had three or four quarter of a pint drinks while Bea only had one. We passed the forty minute mark and had one drink each and I could slowly feel my bladder starting to fill up. I still had more to drink than Bea, but the majority of it was still on its way to my bladder so I was nowhere near desperate yet, but I knew it would catch up to me soon enough. Shortly after England got the first corner in the game which meant I had to drink another ¾ of a pint, but it turned out I wasn’t the one in most trouble. Bea had announced a few minutes earlier that she was bulging quite a bit and after I had to drink for England’s corner she announced that she was at 9.5 out of 10!

Shortly after there was a break for half-time (roughly 15 minutes) and we decided to make tea during the break to have something different to drink for the second half. I tried to encourage Bea to hold it cause I knew she was in trouble, and told her that she was not allowed to pee during half time and she could definitely not wet her England-outfit while her team was in the lead! I then went to make my tea and I could feel all the liquid moving around inside of me as I walked to the kitchen, and there was a pretty big bulge under my jeans pressing them out a bit. By now some of it had also made it to my bladder and I could definitely feel that I was filling up, but it was still generally a nice feeling. As a reflex while making my tea I bent forward slightly and put my hand between my legs, enjoying my full bladder and the arousal it brings me while I imagined Bea trying to make her tea while being much fuller than I was. I returned after a few minutes and saw this:

[21:49] <Beatrix> im weedancing

[21:49] <Beatrix> im gonna wet myself soon :(

[21:49] <Beatrix> my shorts are wet

[21:51] <Beatrix> fuck.,.,

[21:51] <Beatrix> *sobs*

[21:51] <Beatrix> i'm wetting myself... dammit...

Bea seemed very disappointed that she couldn’t last longer, but with her extreme metabolism we knew something like this could happen, so I just tried my best to comfort her and convince her that there was nothing wrong with her not being able to last longer. In my opinion it’s really cute, it’s like as soon as she gets desperate she only has five minutes or so until she will be completely soaked – It would be a dream come true to meet a girl like that :D.

She told me how wet her shorts were on her bum and how she had wet panty lines showing through while we were discussing what to do with her next, as we still had another half to go. I was filling up more and more and when I went to get my tea I would say I was at about 6/10, but still with tons of liquid in my tummy. I had no idea how long I would be able to last but I was aiming to hold it through the entire game at least. Meanwhile Bea dressed up in tight blue jeans covering a pair of white panties with a heart pattern, and as she had just wet herself her new panties were slightly wet immediately after she put them on. I think she went for jeans the second time around to surprise me, as I’m a big fan of them.

The game started again and I was approaching a 7/10, but the second half started out in my favour. Sweden had two free kicks in the first few minutes which meant another half pint for Bea, and shortly after that they actually scored, which meant she had a whole pint in total almost immediately after the second half started. Next up we hit the fifty minute mark and I had some of my tea while we discussed what happens to us when we lose control, if we usually leak or just flood ourselves immediately:

[22:09] <Beatrix> do you leak a lot before you have an accident or does it all come out in one?

[22:09] <Millan> 95 % of the times its leaks first

[22:10] <Beatrix> is it a lot of leaks?

[22:10] <Beatrix> for me it depends on how fast i fill up

[22:10] <Millan> Its only if I drink like a million litres in a very short time

[22:10] <Millan> That it might come all at once

[22:11] <Beatrix> yeah

[22:11] <Beatrix> that's why i leaked a few times before it flooded out

Around this time I had to keep my legs permanently crossed to hold it in, as most of what I had to drink earlier on had made it to my bladder by now and there was still much more on its way. In total I’m fairly certain we were more or less even in drinks at this point, but I had mine earlier than Bea so I was not sure if I could outlast her a second time even though her bladder was weakened by her accident. We continued to chat and I told Bea how much I was bulging now, this time it was caused mostly by my bladder rather than my tummy. I was getting desperate fast and I could hardly sit still. My legs were crossed as hard as I could cross them and I was squirming a bit in my seat, when Sweden scored again and Bea had to drink another half pint!

I teased Bea some more and told her she might as well just pee her pants because I would outlast her again anyway, and she admitted that she was filling up again. We discussed holding contests a bit and came to the conclusion that they are not really fair on Bea with her metabolism and after this game I knew exactly what she means by that, she really has a disadvantage in games like these. However it’s still extremely fun to play with her for the same reason, and I absolutely love the fact that she can’t hold for very long, when Bea is around there will definitely be wet pants involved! We decided that we will most likely do some kind of challenges in the future instead as that is a more fair way to have some wet fun together!

In the meantime I was getting really full and had to bend forward a bit while rocking back and forth in my chair; my entire body was squirming and bouncing around. While I was dealing with a huge pressure wave England scored and Bea went crazy in the chat, so I had to drink another half pint which was not exactly what my bladder wanted at the moment. To make matters worse that meant I had to pour two more glasses which required both my hands, and simply crossing my legs was not enough. I had my first leak but managed to stop it with just some wetness on my yellow panties, and drank my assigned share. The drinks I had during the first half had caught up with me and I was bursting in my seat, holding with one hand as much as I could while still squirming and crossing my legs really hard. I knew I could not last much longer.

At this point we had sort of forgotten about the time but I think there was roughly twenty minutes left of the game. I leaked again and told Bea that I had made a tiny little spot on my jeans in my crotch, and without much of a warning she announced that she was soaking her jeans again. I had two smaller leaks which made my butt wet, and I could see that the patch between my legs had grown a bit. Everything felt very warm and wet and nice, and my bladder was sending out panic signals as I was hit by several more pressure waves. Bea told me she was standing when it happened for her and that she got her bum all soaked, and of course she peed all the way down her legs. As she continued to describe her accident I had a slightly bigger leak which got most of my butt wet and also soaked a bit of my thighs and left me with a wet seat. I could hear a few drops running of the seat and splashing onto the floor beneath me.

Just as I was about to totally lose all of it, England scored again. It didn’t take long for Bea to remind me I had to drink another half pint, but I couldn’t focus properly any more. I stood up and lifted my wet butt of my chair and removed my hand from my pussy as I uncrossed my legs. I kept my eyes on the TV where I saw the re-run of Englands goal and then how happy everyone was with it and I just kept looking as my bladder gave in. The noises from the TV made me feel like I was actually at the game and that the entire audience plus millions watching from home could see how a girl dressed up in the Swedish colours couldn’t hold it any more. With my hands on my hips I felt sort of a double embarrassment – Not only was my team about to lose but I was also peeing my pants.

I wasn’t looking at my pants while I peed but I could feel the warm wetness spreading down my legs and up my butt, mostly on the backside as I wasn’t crossing my legs any more. I couldn’t hold it back at all and I could hear a loud hissing noise from between my legs as well as the splashing sound when the pee ran off my legs and onto the floor. Even though I peed a lot the front actually didn’t show much, somehow I managed to pee so that only the inside of my legs and the backside got wet, while my front was more or less spared. There were still some traces at the top and bottom of course but I had to spread my legs to properly see how wet I was, unless I had a look at my backside which was entirely soaked. I made a really big puddle on the floor and as I finished up I felt very relieved but also embarrassed, as I was still imagining that I was at the game and on display for everyone to see.

After that I still had my half pint but we didn’t take the rest of the game very seriously when it came down to drinks. We just sat there, two young girls in our soaked jeans, and watched until the game ended while chatting about how much fun we had doing this. When the game finished England had won, but I think I can safely say that I won the holding part of the game at least!

After that I removed my shirt and inspected my wet pants in the mirror for a while before I hit the shower topless but with my jeans still on. I played around a bit with myself through my jeans and then my panties, and in the end I let my shower head do its job while I imagined how Bea and I wet ourselves at the football arena. Definitely one of the best and most scary fantasies I ever had ^_^

###

Several more stories available if you check my profile :)

*011*2012-07-25 20:50

Thanks for the comments, I'm glad someone wanted something like this in particular to be done...Maybe I can read minds? :p

I have done similar things with handball games on other occasions but it doesn't happen often. Generally I try to ask people I know from countries that are involved in big tournaments if they want to do something like this. The olympics are coming up now and I know Sweden has a women's team in both handball and football, but I have not checked who they are playing and when. But there might be an opportunity to do something like this again soon :)

What I love the most about it is to have the game decide how much I have to drink. When doing holding challenges we usually just drink the same and that is of course fun, but having a random element involved makes things more interesting...If you're lucky you'll stay dry, if you're unlucky you might wet twice before the other one does. It's really exciting, especially since I don't care much for watching these games otherwise :p

