My memories in secondary school

Author: menghe

*000*2015-08-27 09:25

I would like to write some experiences when I was a teenager.

Our secondary school has a lot of disciplines, some of them were too strictly. For example, we cannot use mobile phone in class. Also, we were told by our teacher on the first day of school that we cannot go to bathroom in lesson time. Normally, we will have a 10 minutes break after a 45 minutes lesson. However, if the two lessons were taught by the same teacher, 10 minutes' breaks may not exist sometimes.

That was a cold day and I was about late to school. When the bell was ringing for starting, I was just arrive at my sit. After leaving my home, I bought a bottle of hot chocolate since I am not sure I have enough time to have a breakfast as usual.

To be honest, I have felt it already when the bell was ringing, I mean, I need to pee (although not seriously). However, the lesson has already began and I have to hold it until the break time, 40 mins later. Of course, one lesson is not hard for a 16 year-old girl to hold. Time passed by, I started to focused on my watch rapidly as well as the school schedule. Unfortunately, the next lesson was also English. Oh, silly me. I was afraid that I can hold for the whole 90 mins although the first lesson was about half.

I decided to have a try despite I was not a brave girl at that time. I put on my hands and the teacher asked me to stand up.

'May I go to bathroom now?' I said my words in a quite low volume.

'Have you used it before the lesson?'

'No...Ehh, I am sorry.'

'You can only use the bathroom in break time'

'I am afraid I can't..'

'Hold it' She said, in a seriously voice.

I tried my best to hold my pee. Later, I started to crossed my legs and it was difficult for me to sit in the chair quietly. Even so, my limitation was came. I tried all the kinds of positions but non of them was easy and comfortable for me in an emergency situation. I put up my hands and asked again, however, the answer was still not a good news. I was told that I have to hold my pee even if I cannot hold it any more.

As a result, I had my omorashi in secondary school, in an English class. The good news is only my deskmate as well as my bestie Julia knew that. I am sure that she will keep this for me.

That was my first wetting experience in secondary school. I hadn't thought that this will happen again in the next year.

