Anyone interested in desperation stories which are already posted elswhere?

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-14 05:33

Hi everybody,

I am a member of different pee forums, which I am sure applies to many members here too.

On one of the other forums I have posted several longer stories about my experiences with my wife being in situations of extreme desperation.

I am now wondering if it would make any sense to repost these stories here. In fact, anybody can read them on the other forum, and if many of us here are even members there, (as I suppose) it wouldn't be of any special benefit to repost them here...

Anyway, I just wanted to ask, if anybody here might be interested though...? And of course also what our Moderator thinks about it!? (The stories are quite long and detailed).

*004*2015-05-14 12:27

Ok, thanks for the positive responses - then I will go ahead and post the first of those experiences!

*005*2015-05-14 12:53

I am just struggling with the copy and paste function - as I don´t want to type the whole story again, I am just wondering, how I can copy a text from another source (word-file) and paste it here ... Any ideas...? Thanks!

*007*2015-05-14 13:14

Errr, sorry - didn´t get it - what exactely may I do to "copy and pastte" a text...?

*010*2015-05-14 18:22

{{ 

I'm not interested in this at all. If it wasn't originally posted on this site, why would I like it?! I mean COME ON people....other sites are THE DEVIL.

Hm, let's at first see if I can technically manage it to post the stories here - maybe this will prevent me from doing it, if I don't find a way to copy and paste - so I have to see if that works at all.

But in one thing you are wrong - not other sites are the devil - I am the DEVIL !! ;-)

;)

}}

*011*2015-05-15 10:04

Next try - Kirito, could you be so kind to explain to me, how I can "copy and paste" Text from a word file into this thread? Thanks in advance for your technical support!!

*013*2015-05-15 12:49

{{ 

Easy once you know how =)

Highlight all the text that you want to copy and right click with the mouse. Select copy. Come here, open up a Page that you want to put the story (where you would type it) right click again and hit paste.

Done!

}}

Thanks, Flower - that's exactely how I tried to do it. Highligthing the text in the word file, right click and select "copy". I can then paste it whereever and in as many documents I want without problems, except in a field/page here on this forum... There must be a special "trick" on this forum, really don't know what I am doing wrong.

(At work, f.e., I copy and paste texts many times a day, that's routine for me since many years...)

*016*2015-05-16 05:24

Thanks ola93 and wettingman for your advices! I will see if can get this done by using firefox or chrome and in addition deformating my word file text!

@wettingman: I am afraid you might already know the stories, as I guess you are also a member of the forum where I originally posted them. So, don't be disappointed in case...

*018*2015-05-16 19:35

{{ 

Click the BB-code button first. It's the top-left icon right above the text field. Then paste.

}}

Thanks!! I already found out how to do it, my first story about my wife's desperation (on a highway ride) is already online in this forum!

