Facebook conversation

Author: l0v3ly

*000*2012-07-23 20:59

I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and found that one of my friends posted one of those obnoxious “Like my status” things, this one reading “like my status for an embarrassing moment.” Normally I ignore those, but I was a little curious as to how much she would reveal online so I went to her profile to see if she had shared any said embarrassing moments yet, and found one that said something along the lines of. “Embarrassing Moment #1 – Nearly wetting my pants on the trolley.” Obviously this really caught my attention and I snooped around on the status a while. Another friend of ours ended up commenting on it and spilling some details of the wetting, which gave me the courage to just straight up message my friend and ask her why she wet her pants. She is 15 btw.

Apparently my friend who ended up wetting (let’s call her Alicia) went to a rave with 2 other friends of ours (one of which being the one who had spilled some details in the comments). They had all taken ecstacy and Alicia was rolling really hard. For anyone who doesn’t know, when you’re on ectstacy or “rolling” you down water like no other, so Alicia had been drinking water constantly throughout the night. One of the other girls had gotten pills that made her sick so she jumped off the trolley so she could vomit and before Alicia or anyone else could stop it it it left without her. So Alicia and her other friend got off at the next stop to wait for the sick girl to catch up to them there and planned on catching the next trolley from there once she had rejoined them. 

She had peed before they got on the 1st train but since that had been a while and she was drinking a lot she needed to pee again. But she did not want to pee right then because she was afraid of missing the next trolley herself and it was the last one of the night. By the time the trolley came she knew she had to pee, but it was during the ride that it got very very bad. She couldn’t sit up straight or move, she could only sit huddled over holding on for dear life. At one point she got so desperate she was going to pee in a plastic bag on the trolley, but was convinced out of doing so. When their stop finally came she was so determined to pee that she got up quickly and tried running behind a bush. But since she was moving she started to wet herself from the impact. She didn’t have time to pull down her pants behind that bush, so she went behind a car and continued to flood her pants there where nobody could see her.

