Rhonda's Rumba (Panties, That Is)

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-09-24 02:12

In the light it is obvious; the dark stains in the crotch and down the truncated legs of her bright yellow shorts tell the tale: Rhonda has peed in her pants. Why hasn't she said something? The camp has bathrooms; no one would have denied her request to go; why has Rhonda peed in her pants? Is she pee shy – afraid to say she had to go? Maybe. Some teenagers are like that; and, I guess, being the only girl in a group of twelve campers may have made her shy. Still Rhonda seems well integrated in the group; she isn't a loner; and the guys don't mistreat her. O well, pee happens.

Entering the cabin, Rhonda grabs some dry clothes from her duffel bag and disappears into the kitchen. In a minute she reappears in a pink tee shirt that reaches to her knees. What kids wear these days! Ronda hangs her wet shorts and panties on the porch railing. This is interesting: They're rumba panties – frilly, ruffled, white rumba panties. Go figure.

It isn't bed time yet, so the campers sit around on the bunk beds and talk. I notice two or three guys furtively rubbing their crotches. I follow their gaze to Ronda. Moving behind the guys, I see what they are looking at. Ronda is sitting cross-legged; her panties are clearly visible – rumba panties. How round and full the crotch of her panties looks, and Rhonda is almost skinny. Interesting. One guy has a hand in his pants now. I'm going to have to say something to Ronda about her sitting posture.

"Okay, guys: Fifteen minutes to use the bathroom, then it's lights out." The guys head out the door; the bathroom is about fifty feet behind the cabin. I'm glad it's not raining. But where's Rhonda? I turn and see her sitting on her bunk, fiddling with the zipper of her sleeping bag. I walk over to her. "Don't you think you better make a trip to the bathroom?"

"I'm okay."

"Rhonda, I saw your, uh, accident a while ago; you don't want to wet your sleeping bag."

"I won't." Drat! This is turning out harder than I thought.

"Rhonda, are you afraid to go to the bathroom by yourself in the dark?"

"A little." Now we're getting somewhere.

"I'll walk with you and wait outside." This should do it...but, no.

"That's okay." Rats.

Taking a deep breath, I plunge in ever deeper: "Rhonda you need to use the bathroom, before you go to bed; I want you to go to the bathroom right now. I'll go with you, if you want."

Rhonda raises the hem of her tee shirt slightly and pulls the elastic of her rumba panties out an inch or so. What the...? Then I see it; Rhonda is wearing a diaper. Under her Rumba panties, Ronda is wearing a diaper! Needless to say, I am embarrassed as hell.

Rhonda senses my embarrassment. "It's okay, Mr. Weiss; I have a nervous bladder; sometimes I leak a little – like this afternoon. I should have been wearing a diaper then, but Mama wanted me to try it without it."

"Rhonda, I'm so sorry." My face burns like third degree sunburn.

"It's okay, Mr. Weiss; it's only pee."

Well, old boy, I muse; that went well – NOT!

***

In the morning, Ronda looks like she's put on about ten pounds on her bottom. Her diaper's wet, I think. Rhonda bends over to retrieve her flip flops from under her bunk, showing two or three inches of rumba panties, obviously over a very wet diaper. Slipping on her flip flops, she grabs her chothes and disappears into the kitchen.

I make sure everyone is up and at 'em, then I look back toward the kitchen. The door hasn't latched, and has swung open a few inches. I catch just a glimpse of butt crack, as Rhonda tapes up a dry diaper and slips on a fresh pair of rumba panties, then shorts. Rhonda wads up her wet diaper and drops it into the trash can. Does this girl never use a bathroom? Is she going to wear diapers and wet herself all week? How many diapers has she brought? It will be an ingteresting week.

