Indian Desperate Morning Dump

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-12-15 13:42

Just last week I witnessed some intense (kinda) poop desperation. A couple friends came and stayed the night at my house. With them was a junior of mine called Deeksha. She wasn't exactly cute but was dark and short and quite decently built, with curves in the right places. Anyway, they all drank quite a bit and Deeksha and one other girl ended up staying the night. The next morning the other girl had college so left around 8. As neither Deeksha nor I had classes to attend, we slept in quite late.

Around 12 or 1 I woke up, and, realizing I had to attend a bank appointment by 2, I woke her up frantically. Within 5 minutes of waking her up, as she was still groggy and sleepy, I gave her a slice of bread and an ommelette and we left the house. By the time we reached the bus stand she was more awake, though still yawning and rubbing her eyes. While waiting for the bus she suggested we get some chai from the pan wala. I consented and bought 2 of those small 4 rupee glasses. We finished and as a bus still hadn't come, we had another. Finally a bus came and we both got in it and took our seats next to each other.

20 minutes later, and we had barely travelled 3 kilometres. The traffic was awful. Deeksha sat next to me, hands crossed over her stomach, was systematically exhaling forcefully and bending over, then painfully sitting back up. I watched her discomfort for about a minute before I could get the courage to ask her what's wrong.

She told me straight up, her fists clenched by her side, that she needed to take a dump really bad. She said she usually takes one as soon as she wakes up and now was feeling really uncomfortable.

I apologized and sat back, continuing to watch her struggle. After 10 minutes her plight seemed a bit worse. Every now and then, shed sneakily hold the base of the seats beneath her and pull down on hem as hard as she could, pressing her exploding ass into the seat.

She very soon told me that she was gonna get off at the next stop; she directly told me there was a dhaba there. I told her I'd come along and she didn't say anything.

She stood up and began walking towards the bus door. As she was halfway there however, she quickly slowed down and crossed her legs tightly, standing fixed awkwardly in the middle of the bus. I standing behind her, got whiff of a bad smell. I tapped her and told her to move forward. Embaressed, she waddled out of the bus, down the stsirs (one at a time) and into the dhaba loo ( which was luckily right next to the men's. Shared wall)

As is the case with the majority of such washrooms, there is a gap between the wall in the top. I rushed ahead of her into the men's washroom so I could hear what would happen. Sure enough, there was a frantic slamming and fumbling latching of the lock while trying to pull down her jeans with the other hand. I could hear the clicking of her shoes around the floor and the clinking of her belt as she tried not to shit herself. Suddenly there was an extremely loud splattering sound followed by another and another and then by a sigh of relief. The smell hit me quickly and I rushed out of there, and waited for Deeksha by the door.

*002*2016-01-17 16:25

Well, its never really happenned to her before, but yes, its happpened to a large number of girls that i'd witnessed.I once walked in on my maid's 16 year old daughter messing on our apartment roof. It turned out she had food poisoning and her mother wouldn't let her use our bathroom . No idea why, but I'm not complaining :{P

