I may have created a monster...! - Page 2

Author: danewet

*028*2013-09-03 16:55

Thanks for the nice words!

She seems to like to wet herself when she's alone too...and tells me about it on the phone.

The other day she sent me this picture (just a phone picture) when I called to say goodnight. She was heading for bed, and had wet her panties...and likes to sleep in them wet

She's a very naughty girl

*033*2013-09-17 14:28

In the weekend we went out with my old girlfriend (her in my avatar) and her boyfriend...and I thought to myself, that people on this board would never believe that I was in the company of two wetting blondes

The weekend also had some wet play ...like these jeans who seem perfect for wetting ...and they got wetter as the evening progressed.

The sexiest thing ever, was to stand behind her, holding and caressing her...while she rubbed herself (the outside of her wet pants) to a knee trembling climax in front of the large mirror in the hallway ...wearing the jeans in the pics.

That about sums it up for my fetish or sexuality I guess...that a grown woman is standing there in pissed pants totally getting off...and me being part of that very intimate moment.

I really can't think of anything more sexy

*035*2013-09-30 20:08

Today we were supposed to go out...but it got delayed quite a bit when she suddenly did this

*043*2013-10-12 11:05

{{:

Sounds to me like both sides had a secret from the other yet that secret happens to be related. So when said secrets are reveald it's like 2 dams facing each other breaking at the same time. :) (dam as in reference to the hoover dam)

}}

Not according to her...she says it just happened to hit some soft spot.

But last night ...when I actually just wanted to sleep, she climbed on top of me...and just pissed her panties all over me...and got my full attention, her sex and the whole deal.

Later we were laughing about the "so who was it who had that pee related fetish in the first place?" thing...she has definitely taken over

*046*2013-10-18 14:42

I love surprises of the kind where you get a glimpse into a naughty mind...that just happens to fit your idea of naughty in the good sexy way.

She told me she had been out shopping some panties...and just wanted to test their way of making a wet spot appear.

So she took this photo with her phone and sent to me.

She wasn't quite satisfied with they way it shows...but hey...I'm pretty satisfied with her whole attitude to pantie shopping

I'm all in for good rigorous testing...take your time honey, lets test them all!


