My childhood experiences...

Author: Sinsofsundae

*000*2013-07-07 03:34

Since I'm a new member here, I thought I'd share some of my experiences throughout the years. Some are accidents I had myself, some are accidents I've witnessed.

As a child I was what I like to call a serial wetter. I was wet, often, and this was much to the frustration of my parents. I don't remember a lot of them, but at about age six I suppose they became significant enough to commit them to memory. I know I wet almost every day in kindergarten, and I wet my bed nearly every night for a long time.

I do remember a few accidents that occurred at about age six. I remember being in my kindergarten class just after lunch. We had a span of time I guess you could call just play time in the room. I was playing with a little boy and he was pretending to be my husband and I was the wife. A couple other children were playing our kids, so I guess we were playing house... Anyway, I didn't want to stop playing to use the rest room. I realized I had wet a little but I pretended not to notice in hopes it would just go away... childhood logic is so simple. 

After a bit my need to pee didn't go away, so I did what I thought was the right thing. I grabbed my "husband" and made him come with me to hide under the desks. He kept asking me why we had to leave the game, and while he was talking I was soaking my pants. He for some reason started crying which got the attention of the teacher who came to see what the problem was. She took him from under the desks and then came back for me. I didn't get into trouble because me being wet was a normal thing. She simply took me to the rest rooms and wiped me off and changed my pants. Ironically the boy who was my "husband" later became a big part of my life. Eventually I might be able to explain.

To skip a few years and probably dozens of wettings, I'll fast forward to about age ten. As I said, I was a regular bedwetter. My parents finally put me in pull ups after they had to replace a smelly mattress. I hated them because it made me feel like a baby, but my mother always checked before I went to bed to be sure I had them on. And every morning when I'd wake up, they were wet. By the time I was about ten I wanted to have a sleep over with my friends. My mother agreed to let me stay with another girl for her birthday party. There was about six other girls at the party and honestly I don't remember much about them. I do remember refusing to take my pull ups in fear my friends would see them and make fun of me. So I took a chance and went without them. 

After a night of consuming sugar and drinking sodas and playing girly games, we all went to bed. We all slept on the livingroom floor in sleeping bags. I was scared to fall asleep because I just knew I'd pee on myself and someone would find out. I fought long and hard and I finally fell asleep against my will. The next morning when I woke up, as soon as my eyes opened, I felt it. My hands were already pressed between my legs, and my pajamas were wet. I didn't know what to do so I just laid there in my soggy sleeping bag until people started to wake up. There was a miracle this morning though. One of the other little girls stood up out of her sleeping bag and I saw it. Her pajamas were wet! I imagine I was staring because the other girls started to see what I was seeing. Long story short, I wasn't alone in a wet sleeping bag that night and the living room floor had two very wet spots just a few feet apart.

A few more wet moments happened to me growing up. As I mentioned the little boy who played my "husband" back in kindergarten became my first real boyfriend at about age sixteen. He was witness to many of my accidents, and he never made me feel bad. I don't believe he got off on it, but he was always very supportive. The first time we intended to "go all the way," I had an accident. Oh yes, and it was oh so embarrassing. And before anyone asks, I'd been to many doctors, and they had determined there was nothing medically wrong with me. Just wanted to make sure everyone was clear that my parents were actually attempting to solve the problem long before we all had to accept it.

I'll just name a few incidences and if anyone wants me to go into detail I'd be more than happy to. Of course some things I won't talk about in a public forum, only with friends, which currently I have none that I can confide in, but since I'm new, perhaps I'll find some here.

I peed on myself at about age 14 at a county fair. Lots of people saw that one. Terrifying.

As I said the first time I was going to "go all the way" with a boy, I had an accident.

I've wet myself at the mall, at work, oh man we could be here all night.

Just to explain a bit. I didn't feel sexual feelings about my wettings until I was fully aware of what sexual feelings were. Which was about age 14 or so. It's hard to explain. When I had an accident, while humiliated, I was sexually excited by this. Not every wetting turned me on. But a good lot of them did. I've been privileged to see friends pee on themselves. My teenage boyfriend had a few accidents, which I suspect was just to make me feel better about mine. And now as an adult, sometimes I still have accidents. Sometimes I stage them. It's complicated.... hopefully someone can relate.

Anyway thanks for reading everyone!!

*004*2013-07-07 21:06

{{ 

Nice account. Would love to hear some more detailed stories from your more memorable accidents, like the one at the county fair, and also the ones you've witnessed.

}}

I thought I'd write about the fair incident. Of course, this happened at the age where I was starting to discover my sexual feelings toward desperation and wetting. The day started off normal enough. The fair was in town and me and my best friend at the time decided we wanted to go. Our parents gave us permission to go, but couldn't give us a ride. They gave us money for a cab as well as enough to get into the fair, but we decided that we'd just walk to the fair grounds and save the money for a snack or a drink or something. August in Tennessee is warm... hot. Muggy. So we both drank a bottle of water a piece on the way there, and another each when we got there. 

I had just thrown my empty bottle in a trash bin when the familiar feeling started to build inside me. I needed to pee. My need wasn't bad, but at this age I had experimented with holding, but never in public for fear of a real accident in front of people. I'd had enough accidents that were genuine in front of people. I had no desire to become an exhibitionist. I don't remember exactly what I was wearing but I seem to recall light colored denim shorts and flip flops. My friend wore a denim skirt and a pair of sandals. I remember this detail because I was always curious about the fact that she always wore skirts when we went out. I often wondered if this was because she also had accidents. I wanted to wear more skirts but my dad wouldn't allow anything but long skirts, and being a teenager, this isn't what I wanted.

Back to the story. I knew I needed to pee, but decided I'd hold just a bit longer because I liked the way it made me feel. My friend, we will call her Angela for the sake of being discreet, suggested we go get our tickets so we could go on some of the rides. I agreed and we went to stand in line to get our tickets. I recall looking past the ticket booths to the restrooms and thinking that I should probably go ahead while I was so close. I started to turn to Angela to tell her I'd be right back, but it was our turn to pay for our tickets. Once the tickets were bought I stuffed them in my pocket and told Angela I had to go to the restroom. She begged me to wait since the lines to the rides were still short. It was about an hour before dark, and after the sun would set, the crowds would come. 

I hesitantly agreed and followed her over to a ride that I cant remember the name of. It basically went around in a circle really fast and the person sitting on the inside of the seat was smooshed by the person on the outside of the seat. Needless to say, I was smooshed. And while being smooshed, my bladder was starting to send me mayday signals. As soon as we got off, I felt the full weight of my bladder, and I knew I would soon need to make a mad dash for the bathrooms. Before I had time to think, Angela had my hand dragging me to the line of another ride. As we stood there, I had to press my legs together, and occasionally I'd have to slip my hand between my legs. I wasn't about to ruin the fun by darting off to the rest rooms. Although now when I look back, had I have just went, nothing would have really been ruined.

About another hour went by of rides and games, and my need to pee was beyond pleasure, and it had turned to fear and pain. While being placed on one of the final rides of the night, I leaned over to Angela and confessed.

"As soon as this is over, I've really got to go to the restroom. I'm dying!"

Angela smirked and we both raised our arms to be strapped into the roller coaster. This was bad; now I couldnt even slip my hand between my legs to ease some of the pressure.

"I'm surprised you didn't pee your pants already."

Angela knew about my bladder issues, but often she tried to ignore it and treat me as normal as possible. I laughed nervously to her comment and started to chew furiously at my bottom lip. The ride jolted and as soon as it moved I felt my bladder spasm. I tried to reach down to hold myself but the safety mechanism made this impossible. The ride we were on was a standing coaster where you stood on a platform with your upper half strapped into this safety harness type thing. I remember it because supposedly it was recalled the next year for severing someones foot. Go figure.

Angela looked to me, "Are you okay?"

I didnt respond right away because the coaster jolted forward again, presumably loading more patrons aboard. I took a deep breath and pressed my thighs together as best I could.

"I'm okay, I think..."

I was so not okay. Moments later the ride began and it was fast. We zipped through loops and down spiraling tunnels. I screamed, but not because I was scared of the ride. I had leaked a small amount into my panties. I felt the dampness against my skin, and it was instant panic. I prayed for the ride to be over soon, although I knew even at this point, even if I made it off of the ride, I wouldnt make it to the front of the grounds to the restrooms. The ride eventually ended, and a man came around unlocking everyone so they could get down. Angela looked over at me and knew right away what was happening.

She told me it was okay, that we would leave if we needed to. I couldn't speak from embarrassment because at that moment two things were about to happen. I was about to cry, and wet myself. As soon as the man unlocked my harness my hands went between my legs. Had I not been in public, I would have very much been aroused. Angela took my arm and led me off the ride but I didn't make it very far. The pressure was too great, and as I walked the few steps away from the ride, spurt after spurt began to flood into my already dampened panties. My shorts instantly began to darken and my legs glistened as warm pee cascaded down my legs. I heard people laughing, saying "That girl wet herself!"

Angela was very sweet. She pulled me into a hug and held me while I endured one of the most embarassing moments of my teenage life. I was peeing on myself in front of a lot of people, dripping down my legs and onto my feet. Tears fell down my cheeks and I know I looked like a total dork. Angela led me through the grounds in my soaking shorts, and I had to walk the rest of the way home with a wet crotch. I was humiliated, but looking back now, I wish I could witness an accident like the one I had.

And I'll admit I did improvise on the dialog. My memory isn't that perfect! ;-)

*007*2013-07-08 00:54

{{ 

Should I be aroused, grateful or pitiful? I can't tell.

}}

You pick. I know how I felt when I was home alone the night after the incident. ;-)

