I am back from the grave

Author: Kittykatpeeing

*000*2014-12-13 19:00

I know I haven't been on in months, but I plan on chancing that! So from me to you have a wetting experience.

###

Let me start with Halloween, back in halloween I thought it would be great to stay home alone. I just didn't feel like going out or doing anything. So My mom and sister left the house around one pm because they wanted to go to some party. I was so happy to be home alone for the first time in a long while. So I made sure to have a large drink with me and grab a little towel. Here's the change how ever, I wanted to try and do a wetting in a pad. I always wanted to try a diaper but sadly I can not buy any with out my mom and sis finding out. I do have pads, like really thick ones no one uses. I wanted to put it to use!

So I am sitting in front of my laptop and watching Netflix till I feel a sudden urge to use the restroom. I ignored it, nothing was going to ruin my mood tonight! I continued to watch different t.v shows until like five hours in my thighs are shaking and my bladder is crying. I wanted to pee so badly, to just let go and just feel the pad get wet and damp. But no! I can't! I get a text from a friend saying I should watch some horror movie, and I wanted to watch the congering, I have never seen it before so I though I should give it a shot. 

I watch it with my hands in between my thick thighs. I can feel a drop escape me but I am trying so hard not to pay attention. It wasn't till the very end where the girl falls towards the basement did I scream. I wasn't expecting that mom to appear and I felt a leak pour out of me. It took me a few seconds to stop it, but by this point I was shaking and on the verge of tears. I eventually couldn't hold it in anymore and let go, completely soaking the pad up and leaking onto the bed. Needless to say I enjoyed it very much

