I wetted myself on the beach, not knowing that I was watched by two women

Author: vikka

*000*2013-04-27 00:48

You know what? Seriously, of course you know! I mean, you must know that it's only a couple of months left to Summer! At least if you live somewhere on the Northern hemisphere... I yearn so much for the Summer. For all the possibilities it presents for wonderful and adventurous wetting experiences.

Right now I'm sitting in my most comfortable chair, remembering especially how much fun I had last summer on the beach at the sea. It's something about the beach, the sea and the sun, that always makes me to be up to some mischief... Walking down Memory Lane makes me to affectionately grasp my pussy outside my pink, already a little damp, cotton panties. I realize that, if I wish to continue to write this little story, it has to be done with only one hand. I simply can't leave my dear little pussy now.

One episode comes to my mind now. At this particular occasion I was by myself on the beach. I was lying on my back. The hot sun had made me very relaxed. My eyes were closed but I didn't sleep. I was thinking about a girl, that I met a week before at a nearby pub. I didn't know her but we happened to sit at the same table in the crowded pub. She was sitting next to me on a bench. It wasn't much place and we sat very close together. I felt her warm thigh against mine, which made me more and more aroused as the evening went on. Both she and I had a lot of beer and, honestly, we got very tipsy. One thing led to an other and... No, no! Stop! That's not the story I'm going to tell now. What matters now is that thinking of that girl and what we later did made me quite horny. A state to which the sunbeams heating up my pussy very much contributed.

So there I was lying, my pussy almost boiling, when I felt that I had to pee. I wasn't in any way desperate; I just had this nice feeling of my bladder being ready to release its contents. I thought: "What the heck!" and so I let go in my bikini pants. It felt so nice, warm and wet. I wanted it to last so I stopped and then let go again. I continued like that, stop - let go, stop - let go... It was so funny and at the same time arousing to play like that.

But then I felt that it became cooler. I peered through my eyelashes. Two young women were standing beside me, casting their shadows on my body. From their conversation I understood that they thought I was sleeping. They were whispering:

"Look! She's wetting herself in her sleep!"

"Oh, it looks kind of cute though!"

"Yeah, sweet and innocent! She's so tiny, like a little child!"

"We've better go now, if she wakes up and realize that we've seen her wetting herself, she would be so embarrassed!" And they left.

I stood up. Pee drops were still trickling down my legs, when I followed the two women. I really didn't know why I followed after them, but I'd got so immensely aroused hearing them commenting on my wetting.

They were obviously going to take a bath in the sea. They walked out until the water reached their breasts. I stopped a few metres behind them. I heard the one saying:

"Ella, you can't guess what I'm going to do!" She giggled.

"No, tell me!"

"I dare not..."

"Now you got to tell me! You're making me curious."

"Ehm... that girl... who peed herself, well, it made me curious about what it felt like. I thought... maybe I should try to do it here. No one can see it, it would be kind of thrilling to pee oneself! Am I totally weird now?"

"Ah, no, I mean, I don't think you're weird if you do it! Maybe I'll do it as well!" Now it was her turn to giggle. A little nervously.

"Oh, let's do it at the same time!"

During their talk they've been looking out over the sea and haven't observed me behind them. By now I was really busy caressing my pussy! I was building up for a huge orgasm... Hearing them continuing their conversation almost made it come at once.

"Ella, my god! I've started to pee now! I can't believe it, I'm twentysix and peeing myself like a little girl!"

"Me too! And it's feeling so nice!"

"Ella, you naughty girl! I see you, don't tell you're masturbating, aren't you?"

"Oh, why not, it feels so good! Try it!"

And it was quite obvious that she did. In that moment i got my orgasm. It totally overwhelmed me and I lost balance and sank under the water. Which was lucky because otherwise my screams would be heard all over the sea and the beach! After the orgasm but still rubbing my pussy, i got my head over the surface again, totally panting for air. The two women heard the splashes I made and turned to see me. They were still rubbing their pussies and at first, in their bewilderment from seeing the girl, who wetted herself before, now close to them, they didn't stop. But then they clearly realized that I've seen what they were doing and heavily blushing and mumbling words that were impossible to hear, but maybe were meant to be an attempt to explain what they were doing. But seeing the impossibility of explaining they fell silent.

And there I left them. I hoped that they would embrace their state of arousal and enjoy it.

