Desperate to go at the bus stop

Author: Paperhearts

*000*2014-07-26 09:22

So! I have a lot of experiences like these that I have yet to post about. I don't get to access the site much so for the past for months I haven't been able to write about my experiences. I'm fixing that now and writing about all of them :)

So this one happened to me after I had been out drinking with my friends one night. I pee constantly when I am drunk, most people do, and I find myself excusing myself, desperate to use the bathroom, every half hour or less. Although I go throughout the night I still manage to arrive home completely bursting most nights which would be fun if I hadn't had so much to drink!

After me and my friends had finally decided to go home I headed to the bathroom and let out whatever was in my bladder before leaving. We left the pub and all walked along the street, each splitting off in different directions to get home. Me and one other friend were left to walk to get our transport home.

I felt myself filling as soon as we had gotten outside, I fill up way too quickly after drinking and it doesn't take long before I would consider myself desperate to go. My friend went to get the last train home and I continued my walk to the bus stop where I would wait for the late bus.

It was a week day, we had all been celebrating, so the streets were empty and I was the only one at the bus stop. The late buses didn't run very often so I had about a twenty minute wait before my bus was scheduled to arrive. So, I sat down at the bus stop and waited.

This happened during the colder months so it was absolutely freezing, I blame the temperature as half of the reason I was feeling so desperate after only a few minutes at the bus stop.

I was starting to worry, I still had to wait over ten minutes, I was feeling fuller and fuller every minute that went by and there were no public toilets anywhere. Even if there were they would definitely be locked at that time.

I waited and waited and eventually had to stand up, the coldness of the seat pressing against me was making everything ten times worse and sitting was just putting more pressure on my bladder. So I stood up and walked around a little, trying to stop the desperate feeling.

It did work for a little while, moving around and jiggling, doing the little 'pee dance' helped me to hold everything in but everything I had drank that night was still going through me and adding to the current capacity of my bladder.

I checked the time and I still had about five minutes to wait plus the bus ride home was a long one! It would take me about half an hour to get home and if I had already filled up so much in about twenty minutes I definitely wouldn't make it with all of the bumps the bus would go through.

At this point it was so bad I had to start grabbing myself, sometimes I do squirt a little without noticing so my knickers were already pretty wet at this point. I was wearing a dress and some thick black tights since I wanted to look nice but still keep warm. I rubbed between my legs and tried crossing them where I stood but it wasn't helping at all.

I did think about waiting or trying to find a shop that would let me use their toilet before I got on the bus but every shop in the area had closed so I had nowhere to go.

I did start leaking before I decided to go. I suppose the cold weather was making things worse and without even feeling it some spurted out into my tights. Quite a lot came out for just a spurt, it started running down the inside of my legs. I didn't want to wet myself outside before getting on my bus. It was freezing out and it would make the rest of the journey home horrible.

I decided I would just pull my tights and knickers down and go, I didn't have any other choice. I was still spurting and my tights were just getting wetter and wetter because I couldn't stop the stream.

By the time I pulled down my tights I had already started peeing, the cold air hit the wetness in my panties and I couldn't hold it in anymore. I lifted up my dress so it wouldn't get wet and I sat down on the bus stop bench to go. I was going to squat and go on the floor but the piss was already coming out so it was quicker and easier to sit on the bench. The bus stop benches here are just like metal bars so the pee just went right through and started to splatter on the floor underneath me.

I lifted my legs up off the floor a little so that none of it would splash over my shoes and I sat there by myself in the dark peeing for a good few minutes. The noise of the pee hitting the floor sounded so loud to me because it was so silent in the street.

I think my bladder is pretty small since I always have to pee so much so I was surprised by the size of the puddle that was on the floor when I had finished.

I didn't have time to take down my panties since I had already started going through them so they had been soaked through. I managed to save most of my tights, only the crotch area and a few dribbles down the inside of the leg had managed to reach them so when I stood up and pulled my dress down it wasn't very noticeable. I stood away from the puddle while I waited for my bus. I was feeling so relieved and finally empty!

My bus arrived a little late and I hopped on as if nothing had happened. The bus journey took quite a while to get me home and by the time I arrived home I had to go again! I made it to the toilet that time without any accidents :P

I have so many more experiences, most are unplanned thanks to my tiny bladder (I think, anyway) but some are planned :) I'll post about all the others when I get time, I hope you enjoyed reading!

