No-Mess wetting

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-15 19:18

Haha, so I suppose this isn't really that much of a wetting, as I'm living with a good friend of mine who really isn't into omo, and has nearly caught me twice already, so I'm needing to be more careful.

Anyway, today was super stressful and I didn't have time to pee or even think about peeing from 8 until about 6pm. I hadn't been drinking enough in the morning, and after finally sorting everything out by 12:30, I had a drink of fanta, which woke my bladder up a little. We then went the wrong way on the bus, I didn't need to pee at all, I had 2 bottles of water in my bag that I drank, and we got in about 2pm. I had cup-a-soup for lunch, and was feeling pretty slow and groggy so I drank some water and half a litre of pear pulp.

I was chatting on here and stuff and my bladder was nagging at me, but I was so tired from all the stress that I had a small nap. When I woke up my bladder was screaming at me for relief, and I realised I needed to cook dinner, so I thought 'fineeee' and went to the bathroom.

I stood looking at the toilet until a wave of desperation hit me and I started dancing infront of the toilet, winding my legs around each other. I stood there until pee started to drip out of me into my panties and shorts, then I ripped my clothes down, and sat on the toilet. I didn't let myself pee, my whole body was shaking with desperation and my bladder was pounding at me. I kept spurting out just small bits and was dancing on the toilet pretty much haha.

Then my bladder violently contracted and I shot pee into the water until I was no longer desperate.

I pretty much finished up my pee until there was just a little bit left, pulled up my shorts and finished my pee, just enough to wet my panties and not show through.

Sorry if that was boring haha, I wanted to wet, I might wet my panties in the shower later :P

