Pool day with three Cute Girls

Author: AlwaysAfraid

*000*2012-11-20 04:36

I was with my best friend as a middle school kid and these three very attractive, popular older girls (freshman high school) were walking back with us from the community pool. We were in the middle of a park in town when one stopped and exclaimed that she had to pee so bad and couldn't hold it. Her friends agreed and without any hesitation they looked at each other and said let's do it right here. So they spread their legs and, with me and my friend watching, started peeing all over the ground right in the middle of the park! The sight in front of my eyes was enough to make me faint. Three yellow streams instantly soaked their green, pink and white bikinis and splattered on the ground at their feet. And despite spreading their legs, two of them had a moderate sized pee trail that had trickled down the insides of their thighs before falling to the ground. I was in heaven. I didn't know why at the time, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from their soaked crotches.

The three of them continued to pee, then giggled afterwards about what they'd done. My friend was totally grossed out, and no longer considered them cute. I, on the other hand, had discovered my fetish for wetting. The three girls then argued over who had to jump in the creek first to wash off by deciding which one had started peeing first. They eventually agreed to all jump at once and invited my friend and I to join. Knowing how much of a turn on it would be to stand in the water next to three very cute teenage girls who'd just wet themselves, I agreed immediately. I've spent many a night thinking about those girls and I've spent years trying to find others who gave the hint that they'd do similar wettings for me, but every girl I talked to about pants-peeing was definitely not turned on by it or kinky enough to do it (ive always gone for proper girls though). Now I haven't even mentioned it to my current girlfriend :(

P.s. this is my first post so please let me know changes I should make. I have tons of stories and am a good writer, and I plan on sticking around now that I've found a place to share them!

*004*2012-11-22 01:56

{{ 

Nice story.....when reading about what they did it sounded a lot like something i would do :p

}}

Now why can't I meet more girls like you?? :(

