Drunk wetting

Author: defunct9980

*000*2015-02-07 08:12

This incident happened to me during my college years.

###

It was a hot and summery Saturday. My friends and I started to get more and more into drinking, having fun especially when we're buzzed. On this day, the only responsibility was working part-time at a retail store (working through college). My friends and I usually had last minute gatherings, which was okay by us as we all lived within two blocks of each other. My shift started at 2 PM and ended at 10 PM, so naturally I called my friends when I got home to see if they wanted to hang out.

One of my friends was going abroad to study for her nursing program, so the rest of us were just celebrating (or finding any excuse, really) to drink and wish her well off. I still remember the warmth when I got home, so I changed into a T-shirt and Nike basketball shorts (the solid black, shiny ones). I've always been into the sporty look, even though the only sports team I was on was track & field in high school.

When I got to my friend's place five minutes later, I was just a bit disappointed that many of them were already kinda buzzed. Stupidly, I was easily able to convince them that I needed to play catch-up, and quickly downed a few shots of whiskey.

The alcohol hit me pretty hard, but I was still able to somewhat think. Knowing myself, I was able to realize that:

1) I've had a lot to drink and haven't pissed yet.

2) My friends and I were partying in the garage, so "if" something were to happen, it'd be easy to clean up (I'm pretty considerate, knowing my friend since kindergarten).

3) I was going commando, as I liked the smooth, sexy feel of my shorts against my privates.

4) We were all happy drunks, and laughing and giggling throughout the night diminished my ability to control my bladder.

Of course, I was still a bit a nervous, but I just decided to start off slowly. I remember I let out a few drips out, and I vividly recall seeing a few drops falling onto the red colored ground. At this point, I felt pretty good where things were going.

Fast forward an hour or so...and that's when the party started to die down. We all must've had too much to drink – at some point I probably blacked out or was sleeping, but I was sitting down with my head resting on a table. Big mistake. I immediately knew what was going to happen next. I started spitting on the ground, and at this point, my friend guided me to a restroom sink where I puked, big time. No doubt my sound triggered two of my other friends, who did the same – one peeled over a laundry sink in the garage and I have no idea if the other one did or not.

We pretty much knew that we were all finished at this point, so my friend decided to walk me home. She stopped drinking and was working on being sober again. After puking, I felt much better and felt that it was a good time to end the night.

Except for one thing. I had dared myself earlier during the night to wet myself. I wasn't too comfortable knowing that my guy friends were going to witness it, but felt more comfortable with the opposite gender. The golden opportunity had just presented itself.

We exited her garage and proceeded to walk up the hill. I didn't want to tell my friend that I had to go pee too soon after exiting her place, where she would have lead me back quickly. I waited until we rounded the corner, all this time babbling to her with drunken talk, such as apologizing for puking, ruining the night, etc. Of course, she told me not to worry, it's okay", and responses of that kind.

This was the moment I was going to do it – I've wet myself many times before, including public areas, but it's always been by myself. Having my friend about to witness me peeing myself, especially in the shorts I wore this day, was beyond exciting.

I murmured/whined about needing to go piss, as I haven't gone the whole night. I think her response was to take me back to her place, let loose, or to hurry up back home. Of course, I resisted her choices, while crossing my legs and bouncing up and down. I don't think she was ready for what happened next, as her rebuttal was to get me back to her place. As she approached me to try and guide me back to her place, I told her:

"Oh shit...I have to pee...I have to pee..."

And then I just knelt down and let loose. If my friend was surprised, she didn't show it – after all, she was a nursing student and must've encountered incontinence in patients before. I was in a squatting position, arms together that extended outward, with my head buried in it. It felt sooo good to piss – I could feel the warmth of my urine going down my balls, soaking my shorts and then onto the ground. My ass became a mini-waterfall, as many streams dripped from my once dried shorts onto the ground, flowing downwards the street. I probably peed for a minute or two, and since my head was down in my arms, I couldn't see what my friend's reaction was. It was also dark, as it was probably 2 AM at this time.

As I finished, my friend helped me up. This time I started apologizing about wetting myself, and of course she continued consoling me. For the rest of the walk, I could feel the dampness of my shorts on my ass and crotch area. Piss was still dripping from the bottom of my shorts onto my legs, which continued to drip down into my socks.

I got home, and crawled into bed. Pee-soaked shorts and all.

End.

