Ex-Girlfriends second accidents

Author: wettingplay

*000*2011-04-24 22:49

OK, since people seemed to like the last one I'll do another. Again, specifics are left out to protect anonymity.

This one happened at a music festival. I was wearing jeans, a shirt and sandals, while she was wearing a bright pink flowery dress. We had run out of weed earlier in the day and were both itching to intoxicate ourselves somehow. Surprisingly enough we couldn't find anyone to pick up from, even though this was a festival (crazy I know, but people didn't want to part with their weed), so we went for the next best thing.

There was a shop not too far from where we were camped so we headed over there and brought some cans of beer. It was mid afternoon, and there weren't any acts that either of us were particularly interested in until the evening, so we spent the next few hours exploring the local area, drinking the afternoon away. As I said in the previous story, I'm not really too keen on alcohol, but since there was no weed and it was a sunny afternoon I was happy to settle for cold beers. Nevertheless, as usual she was getting through them quicker than me but that didn't really bother me.

There was a band that she really wanted to see at about 7:30 PM, and the guy I wanted to see was immediately after that. It was about 4PM when we finally got out of the shop (had to spend about half an hour cueing) and we planned a round trip around the fields where the festival was happening so that we would wind up back at our starting point in about three hours.

We headed along a canal pathway near the shop we where just in. There were loads of people (probably also festival goers) also strolling down the same path. After about 2 miles we decided to get off the path and start looping round the festival. we managed to find our way to a quieter path which was good because it was quite irritating to have to switch to single file to let other groups past all the time.

About a mile into this pathway we found a bench and decided to have a rest. While we were sitting she finished her second beer and put the can in a nearby bin.

"Keep an eye out for me" she said. I nodded and she went to the other side of the pathway, lifted the skirt part of her dress from behind, pulled her knickers down to her knees and squatted slightly to pee against a tree. It was a very long pee, letting out a loud hissing noise, and the run off reached the other side of the path. When she finished she asked me to pass her a tissue so I got one out of our bag and brought it over to her. She wiped herself and threw the tissue in the bin.

"Your turn" I said.

She replied "OK" and I urinated against the same tree. This resulted in both our urine puddles mixing which made a rather unpleasant smell, so we continued on our journey.

We continued along the same path for about another mile, then made another left. Another mile or so into this path we took another brake at a bench, and decided to eat some sandwiches we had brought from the shop. After I finished eating I checked my phone and realised it was coming up to 7 so we started heading back. We took the next left and sure enough found ourselves approaching the festival again (although we were on the opposite side to where we started out from but that didn't matter). We got back in at about quarter past and headed to the appropriate stage.

We found ourselves a nice spot and set up our folding chairs. I finished a can and put it in a carrier bag I had started using as a bin.

"Do we have any food left" I asked

She replied "no but I'm quite hungry too".

"Can you look after the stuff while I grab us something from the stalls quickly" I asked.

She replied "cheeseburger please" and I headed to a fast food stall. I got back just in time so we could enjoy our burgers before the band started playing. There were 2 cans left and the one she was drinking. I opened a new can and we both stood up to watch the band.

They played for a good hour, and the stage was packed with standing viewers well into the area where people normally set up those small tents, so we folded up our chairs to give more people space. Towards the end of their performance I noticed that she was crossing her legs. After the performance was over I saw her looking towards the porta-loos where enormous cues had formed. I asked her if she wanted to go, but she replied

"Nah, the cues too big. I'll either wait and see if it dies down before the next act or I'll wait till afterwards".

"You sure" I asked.

"Yea I'm fine" she replied. Even though it took a good half hour before the next act came on the cues didn't die down.

Once the Guy started playing, he kept going for well over an hour. About 30 or 40 minutes in I noticed she was fidgeting and crossing her legs a lot, and seemed to be trying to make it look like she was cold, but I knew what was wrong. I positioned myself behind her and stood our folded chairs in front of her, holding them with one hand and our bags with the other, so that she had some cover so she could cross her legs and hold herself if needed while from the outside in it would look like I was keeping her warm by embracing her.

"Do you want to go to the loo" I asked.

She replied "no if I go I wont be able to find you here again, there's too many people".

"I'll come with you" I said.

She said "no this guys the main reason you wanted to come here(meaning the festival). I'll wait till afterwards. Don't worry". I gave her a kiss and we kept watching the music. Now that she was covered to some extent she could cross her legs tightly and use her hand if she needed.

As the act was coming to an end she whispered to me

"I need to go".

I nodded and as I was picking up the chairs she held my hand and whispered in my ear

"hang on!".

I stayed for a minute and she was doing some serious fidgeting. She was pumping her crossed legs and supporting her weight by leaning on me. Then she used her hand and gave herself a really hard squeeze, pumping periodically. After about 30 seconds of fidgeting and what appeared to be her on the brink of having an accident she signalled for us to go.

As we were weaving through the thick crowd the song came to an end, and unfortunately for my poor girl the performance was over. We where still in the middle of the crowd and I could see that the cues for the toilets were already forming. We couldn't go very fast on account of the crowds, and once we reached the porta-loos the cues where at least 20 or 30 per toilet. We waited at the back of the cue and I considered asking people to let her go first. However, looking around I saw a lot of people seemed to be urgent, with a few people (mostly women) fidgeting and some even holding themselves, and so I realised that that plea probably wouldn't get much sympathy.

Only a few seconds into cueing she started crossing her legs, fidgeting and holding herself in full view of everyone. It couldn't have been more than a minute into cueing and she said to me, not even whispering any more, "I'm not going to make it!". I considered what options where available to us. I looked around. There was a narrow corridor between the main fence and the food stalls/shops where evidently only the festival staff were supposed to go, and I could see that there was a porta-loo along this corridor.

"Come on" I said, and took her by the hand and led her towards it. She was frantic and kept her hand in her crotch, speeding us up to a light jogging pace. I saw a member of security staff look at us as though he was going to intercept us, but then he went back to his chair. I think he realised just how urgent my girl was so decided to leave it.

As we got near the loo she stopped holding herself, and for a second I thought she had started to go. We got to the loo, and she just dropped her handbag on the floor and went straight in. She didn't even bother to lock the door, so I picked up her handbag and held the toilet doors handle to keep it from swinging open. I could hear her pee, and it went on for at least 2 minutes, maybe 3. She was letting out sighs of relief all the way through, and when she finished I could hear her panting.

When she came out she looked exhausted. I could see a fingertip sized wet spot on the front of her dress, and a hand sized damp region was barely visible around that. She leaned against me and caught her breath for a minute, then asked "can we go back to the tent". "Definitely" I said. She took her handbag from me, put it over her shoulder, and then took the bin bag (as in the tescos carrier bag I was using as a bin) from me which she held so that it covered her wet spot.

When we got back to the tent she zipped up the door and asked me for a tissue. I got one from our bag and she took her knickers off. I gave her a tissue and she put the knickers in our bin. I could see that the crotch was very wet and they were emitting an aroma of urine. She finished cleaning herself with the tissue, put it in the bin, tied the bag and put it just outside our tent. She then put on a clean pair of pants. I got a closer look at the front of her dress now, and the wet spot seemed to have mostly dried out. I'm not sure, but I think she had started dribbling in her knickers on that last stretch to the toilet when she stopped holding herself. That's probably why she managed to keep her wet spot quite small.

*002*2011-04-25 03:15

Hows that? I was writing from memory so I wasn't really thinking in terms of paragraphs, just a sequence of events. I think what ive done is the most logical paragraph divisions but let me know what you think.

*006*2011-04-25 16:46

{{ 

Nice. Hope you have some more good stories for us.

}}

Well, Ive used the 2 main stories. Everything els cant really be turned into a story. Just things like her peeing in the street coz she couldn't wait, and once she came round unexpected very l8 at night and her jeans were wet between her legs. I assume she wet herself but I don't know. She was so drunk she didn't remember the next day.

