A whole new experience for me

Author: Jus

*000*2013-04-25 16:30

Firstly, and just to keep this in perspective, you may have noticed that I haven’t been active on here for some time. I had some medical issues which needed hospitalisation and an operation, which had left me for some time feeling not at all sexy, or playful. I’ve recently been feeling much more like my old self, and I’ve been coming back here and lurking every now and then for a while, and feeling some of those old feelings of arousal which I’ve been missing for so long.

Then last night I was on here looking through some videos and I happened across one that just did it all for me. It was in Video Links and Uploads, and the thread was called Upskirt Dark Panties Wetting, but the actual file was named xug6mg_mais-quelle-cochonne_sexy.mp4 . I couldn’t help myself and had to watch and rewatch it many times. I just loved how she still seemed to be trying to stop herself even though she was leaking and wetting the whole time. I was also quite taken in by her heavy and uneven breathing, her little moans and noises, and how she was trying to hold herself, and squirm, even though it was so obvious that she had no chance of stopping.

This left me aroused, but for some reason I still didn’t want to just go and masturbate. I found that I was really restless, and at one stage realised that I’d been pacing around inside the house like a caged tiger or something. At about the same time it occurred to me that I needed to pee. I don’t know what inspired me to do it, but I went to my fridge, where I had two cans of energy drink, and opened one and proceeded to drink it. When I’d finished the first one I just sort of hung around for a while, and then went and got the second one and drank it too. All the while I’d been playing that video over in my mind, as well as imagining what might have led up to it, and what might have happened afterwards.

I was getting more and more aroused, and also more and more restless. I felt like I wanted something, or needed something, but it was something that I didn’t know what it was. I felt somehow confined, and wanted to get out. Although it was the middle of the night, I decided to go for a walk so I changed out of what was wearing and into a skirt and good top, and reasonably good shoes. I grabbed a bag, and as I was about to head out the door I grabbed a water bottle. None of this was planned. I just kind of did it without thinking.

I walked around the streets near my home for maybe only ten minutes, all the time running erotic images through my mind. My need to pee was increasing rapidly, and so was my arousal. I found myself near the main road where there was an all night petrol station, and across the road from there is a small park with a couple of swings. I went and sat on one of the swings and just watched the comings and goings at the petrol station. Although I wasn’t at all thirsty I also drank the water bottle.

I watched with great interest as over the next half hour or so there were several cars that arrived there where one or more occupants got straight out and headed straight into the toilets. This kept my imagination well fuelled as all the time I was running over in my mind all sorts of erotic images of people being absolutely desperate. Of course at the same time my need was continuing to grow and I’d already had several spasms where I had to clench tightly to avoid any leakage. Then my whole state of being went into overdrive as I watched as several girls got out and head straight for the toilets. One of them had to wait outside and she was standing awkwardly, bending at the waist with her knees tightly together. She looked around to make sure nobody was watching and then grabbed herself between the legs as she jiggled up and down. When the door opened and the other person came out she just about knocked them out of the way to rush in.

That was about all I could bear. My own need to pee was getting close to the limit, and my arousal was also pretty strong. Being in the dark I reached under my skirt and touched myself through my knickers. I felt so slick, and damp, and the touch made me realise how turned on I was, but at the same time sort of brought on a whole new wave of need to release. Even though I was in the dark I still couldn’t bring myself to think that I could pee in public like that, and so I decided that if I headed home I should just about make it.

I gathered myself up and started to walk towards home. I’d only just gone a very short distance down the footpath when a police car pulled up alongside me. There was a policeman driving and a police woman passenger. She got out of the car and asked me where I’d been and where I was going. I told her how I’d been restless and just gone for a bit of a walk, and then sat in the park for a bit, and now I was heading home. She asked me where I lived and if I had any ID. After I answered and showed her she told me that someone had reported that there was somebody lurking in the park and they were just concerned in case they were checking out the petrol station to rob it or something. They told me I was OK and I continued home.

On one level that shook me up and interrupted my arousal, but also in my mind a whole new line of thought was forming. There is a person from this site who I’ve exchanged PMs with, who is so much more adventurous than me, and in my mind I was running through a whole new fantasy where she would have been in the same situation that I was, but she would have been saying to the police how much she needed to go, and the more she was insistent, the more they were suspicious and the longer they held her, until her desperation was so bad she just couldn’t hold on any longer and just peed herself openly in front of them. I found that thought incredibly arousing. In between that, and me thinking about the other things I’d seen, and my own need to pee it made the rest of the short walk home both deliciously pleasurable and particularly uncomfortable at the same time.

I was having waves of spasms that were making it difficult to walk normally, but at the same time I could feel my arousal, and was so sensitive I could feel myself against my underwear as I walked. By the time I got home I was so very near the limit of what I could bear and instead of trying to go inside I went to the corner of my house where I felt safe, and just peed where and how I stood. It wasn’t that I’d lost control and peed involuntarily, but rather I’d simply reached a point where the feeling of desperate need for release had overcome any resistance I felt I wanted to offer. The release was unexpectedly shattering. Waves of throbbing pleasure overcame me. I went weak at the knees and needed to hold the side of the house so I didn’t fall down.

The stream of pee was almost explosive at first. There were two short bursts which sort of shot straight through my knickers, and I could feel it spraying on my leg, and then it was followed by a more constant stream which really seemed to accentuate the throbbing feeling in my pussy. I was left breathless and shaking, but still feeling so aroused that I needed so much more. As soon as I could get myself together I went inside, showered and spent a while on the bed masturbating like crazy till I drifted off into the best sleep I’ve had for ages.

*012*2013-04-28 12:32

Thanks to everyone for your comments and support.

Vikka, I do try to be careful. As aroused as I was, I was still not trying to attract any attention to myself. The only reason the police were called was because someone had seen a shadowy figure in the dark at the back of the park, which is where I was trying to make myself as invisible as possible.

Jeanvaljean, I think that the fact that I don't look like a robber, plus the fact that I could explain myself, and had ID, is why they let me go on my way pretty much straight away. But now that I've said that, what does a robber actually look like?

Rachel, I know I didn't talk about it, but I was embarassed, and actually quite scared. For some stupid reason, for a short while I somehow thought they must have known what I'd been feeling, and thinking, and I was in a bit of a panic thinking I was somehow going to be in all sorts of trouble.

And Frostyjr2, aaahhh that video. what can I say that hasn't already been said. I just love your idea about world peace by omorashi video. Actually was that world peace or world pees?

One thing that all of this has done is change my thinking a bit. I always used to think that I enjoyed desperation in others, but I used to find it too uncomfortable to enjoy my own desperation. Now I feel like I want more. I'm not sure if what I want to do is to hold till I absolutely cant hold any more, or if I want to try actually wetting in public, or both, but I'm certain I want to - actually I feel I need to - do more. Even just thinking about it now is starting to make me all restless again.

