The Journey Home...

Author: Waittowee

*000*2012-05-22 09:33

My first story....though it isn't fictional, more an account of events ;-) Hope you like - comments and constructive criticism more than welcome!

So I went for drinks with some of my company up in London - not a big night out but by the time I had to leave I think I'd had about 4 pints of beer. I needed to pee before I left, so I went to the gents and did, thinking I'd then be able to get home ok. By the time I got to Waterloo to get my train, I needed to pee again - not desperately, but I could definitely feel a pressure in my bladder that told me it was filling up again quite quickly. I looked at the train platform displays, and saw that I only had 4mins before my train left, and it was the last one that night - had to get on it, no time to pee! I got on the train and found a seat in a pretty empty carriage, still thinking it would be a close run thing but that I'd make it home. It's a 45 minute train ride to my town station, then about a 20 minute walk back to my flat.

About 20 minutes into the train journey I was beginning to become desperate again. I could feel my bladder very full and tense in my lower abdomen, and a strong and increasing urge pee building in the base of my penis. I started shifting around in my seat, trying to take some of the pressure off my bladder. It worked for a few minutes, and the urge to pee subsided slightly, though I could still feel my bladder swollen and full against my belt. With about 10 minutes of the train left the urge started to return.

I crossed my legs and started squirming in my seat again, clenching my muscles down there hard to stop myself from leaking. I still had a little in reserve, but I was now really having to work hard to hold it in. 3 stops to go......rocking backwards and forwards on my seat......2 stops to go.......clenching harder and harder, the urge in my crotch becoming very difficult to withstand. By this time my bladder was so full I could really feel my lower abdomen pressing against the waistband of my jeans. One stop to go....I fidgeted on my seat, squirming and rocking, desperately battling to hold my pee in.

As the train approached my station and started to slow for the stop, I stood and walked to the doors. The act of moving and standing seemed to help for a few moments, but as the train pulled into the station I was shaking my legs as I stood there to help me hold. Doors opened, and I stepped off the train, walking quickly to the underpass. A few others got off the train, some walking through the underpass with me and some using the exit on that platform. Again the act of moving and walking helped for a few minutes, and my confidence that I could make it home returned. I walked out of the station, and turned to walk up the cycle path towards my flats.

The desperation began to return, and I started to walk faster and faster with smaller steps. The urge in the base of my penis was now pounding for release, and now that I was walking I couldn't squirm or cross my legs to hold it in. I looked around me - one person, a girl was walking up the cycle path behind me. I stopped briefly and squatted down as if to tie my shoe laces, using it to cross and squeeze my legs together to try and numb the urge for a moment. I stood back up and walked forwards again. As I stood the urge returned, just as bad as before. I walked fast, starting to sweat from the fast pace and the sheer effort of clenching the muscles in my crotch to hold in my pee.

Now about 10 minutes into the walk home, with 10 minutes to go I was clenching harder and harder and harder. I felt the first spurt leak out into my pants. desperately I had to slip a hand into my pocket to grab the end of my penis and squeeze it a few times to numb the urge...this often buys me more time when I get really desperate, I guess it's the same feeling as when a girl has to put her hand in her crotch and squeeze. This let me get control back a bit. I looked around again, and saw the girl behind me had gone, must have turned off into one of the side paths. Thankfully I squeezed my penis again - now there was nobody around I could do this openly without anyone seeing.

I came to the end of the cycle path at the road, and there were a few cars, so I clenched hard and took my hand out of my pocket. Looked both ways and crossed. Reached the other side of the road and another wave of desperation hit me - clench, clench, clench, make it into the park....I felt the muscles in my crotch beginning to 'flutter' for want of a better word - that feeling that they're about to give way no matter what you do and how hard you try to prevent it. I was so bursting to pee now I knew there was no way I was going to get to the bathroom in my flat.

Another burst of pee shot out, and I grabbed my penis again to stop the flow, feeling the wetness now in my pants. I walked faster and faster, desperately trying to reach the trees and bushes on the edge of the park, clenching as hard as I could, feeling the stinging urge in my penis unbearably now, only holding on by squeezing the end. My bladder was so full, the bulge against my waistband now being very obvious.

I finally reached the trees, glanced round, nobody in sight thank goodness. I squeezed the end of my penis hard and squeezed my legs together, trying to buy myself the few seconds it would take to undo my flys and get my penis out. Quickly I let go, took my hand out of my pocket. Found my zipper, started to undo it - a gushing spurt escaped - no, clench- stopped the spurt, shaking from the effort got my zip down and put my fingers in - spurt, spurt, spurt - no longer able to control it I frantically grabbed the end of my penis through the fly on my trousers and boxers, and spurted against my fingers as I did - quick quick quick - penis out, release..................

As I finally let go the spurts turned into a full force gusher of a pee against the bushes. I peed for what felt like an eternity, in reality probably about a minute and a half. I kept looking round - their was a lady walking her dog last thing at night at the end of the park, but probably far enough away that she didn't notice me.

As my pee finally slowed and dripped to a halt, I gave it a couple of shakes and put it back in my trousers, seeing the damage as I did. The front of my boxers were pretty wet, with a bit of that soaking through making a little wet patch on my jeans. I walked the rest of the way home (a minute or so) without incident.... :-)

*006*2014-12-30 01:26

Wow, I only just spotted you guys comments. Thank you so much for your kind words, I'm very flattered and glad you enjoyed it!

