Accident on the Train

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-04-14 16:24

Hey Guys and Gals, as promised here is an account of one of many wetting adventures :D. This adventure happened just the other day and here's what happened.

It started as a normal day, I got up, showered, dressed then went into town to meet my best friend. I met up with her at about 10.00 and we went round town looking in the shops and catching up. As we were walking round I got really thirsty so I bought a bottle of water. A couple of hours passed and we had looked in all the shops so decided to go for some lunch. Whilst at lunch I had two big cups of coffee. We finished lunch and set off back towards the train station where I would get my train home and she would get on her bus. When we got to the bus stop the timetable said her bus was due in 17 mins and I had plenty of time till my train so we stood and chatted until her bus came. She got on the bus and I waited until it had gone, waving to her as it left.

I then turned around and walked into the train station. I went through the ticket barrier and walked on the platforms. I looked across and saw my train waiting at my platform, it wasn't due to leave for another 15 minutes but I thought I might as well get on and wait. I walked under the subway and came out on my platform, got onto the train and sat down in a table seat toward the back of the last carriage. As I was sat there I noticed that I needed to pee, whilst I was talking to my friend I had obviously not been aware of it but now I was sat down I could feel my bladder starting to fill up.

As I said in my last story I like holding my pee and am confident of my holding ability so I wasn't worried. The driver came over the speaker system and said we were about to set off and then reeled off the stops the train was going to and the average time journey. My station is the first stop we come to and would roughly take about 15 minutes to get there. I sat back and relaxed and watched the scenery go by, looking forward to wetting myself when I got home. However little did I realise I was going to wee much sooner than that. There is a motorway bridge just before my station and as we went under it I knew we were almost there. In the last 15 minutes my bladder had filled up really quickly and my bladder had begun to bulge pressing against my skirt. Luckily my house is just round the corner from the train station so it wouldn't take long to get home.

Suddenly the train stopped about 2 mins from the station and the driver announced there was an express train to London coming through the station and we had to wait until it passed. After 5 minutes of the train just sitting there my need to wee was reaching a great level. I was close to having an accident, I knew I shouldn't have had those two coffees. I was urging the train to get moving again, as much as I was loving the feeling of my bulging bladder I didn't really want to wet myself in public....but pretty soon I wasn't going to have much choice, any minute I was going to have a full blown accident and I wouldn't be able to stop it happening. Luckily because I was sat at a table I could grab myself without anyone seeing, although there was nobody sat immediately near me there was still plenty of people in the same carriage. After another minute I leaked a little wee into my knickers and I knew I was about to totally wet myself.

I moved to the edge of the seat and lifted my skirt, I couldn't hold on any more and began spurting wee into my knickers. It seeped through and started splashing all over the floor, I was so embarrassed but it felt so good. Just as I had started peeing the express went flying past and our train started moving again. I saw people stand up and start walking towards the doors, they were gonna walk right past me, I had to stop. With great difficulty I used all my strength to stop the flow of pee and clamped my pee hole shut. I stood up and went and stood by the door. Now I was in trouble because I had started peeing I was absolutely bursting now and wanted more than anything to put my hand up my skirt and grab my crotch but there were people all around me so I just crossed my legs as tight as I could and prayed that I could hold on.

We pulled into that station and everyone that was getting off got off and the train set off, I waited until everyone had left the platform then set off out of the station. Unfortunately to get out of the station I had to climb a set of steps. Each step I climbed was torture, about half way up the stairs I was spurting with every step. I could feel the wee seeping through my already soaked knickers and begin to run down my leg. I reached the top of the stairs and walked out onto the main road. I knew if I tried to walk home I would explode but I really didn't want to wet myself right here where there was cctv.

I hobbled down the road and round the corner out of sight of the cameras. I stood in front of the timetable pretending to read and I just lost all control, wee started pouring out from under my skirt and running all down my legs. God it felt so good and was making me so aroused. I looked up and suddenly noticed a guy sat at the bus stop across the road. I didn't know whether he knew I was weeing myself or if he was just checking me out but either way I didn't care, I was too aroused to care. After a good 3 minutes of peeing. I walked across the road to head home, as I walked past the guy at the bus stop he looked at my legs, which at this point still had droplets of pee running down them, and gave me a cheeky smile. I winked at him and carried on walking.

When I got home there was only one thing on my mind, I walked through the door, dropped my bags and sat on the stairs and rubbed myself through my soaking wet knickers and after a couple of minutes had a multiple orgasm. I then sat there on the stairs for about 10 mins recovering from my fun. I then got up and walked into the kitchen. Then funniest thing happened.

My next door neighbour, who is absolutely lovely, he is one of our best friends, knocked on the kitchen window. I opened it and he said “are you all right Gem”

“im fine, why do you ask”....i replied.

“it sounded like someone was screaming over here”

I couldn't help but laugh, he had obviously heard me screaming in ecstasy and thought I was in trouble. I winked at him and said “i was screaming, but not out of fear....if you know what I mean”

He looked at me confused and then suddenly went bright red, “oh I see”, he said “at least you had fun, ill cya later”. Then he hopped back over the fence and went into his house. I still wonder to this day what he did when he went back to his house.

Hope you enjoyed the story....let me know if you like and want me to post more.

:wub: xxxxx :wub:

