Desperation at work

Author: MysteryGirl373

*000*2015-02-26 00:08

I know it's my second post in a short space of time, but there were two stories I wanted to post on here. This one, and the Berlin one.

Unlike the Berlin trip, this was an intentional desperation for pleasure. Not to extreme measures though, I didn't want to risk having an accident at work; I'm still in my probation period! I can't imagine wetting myself would go down well with my six month review when there is a toilet five steps away from my office, which I share with one other person only!

The other lady in my department only works four days a week. And today was her day off. I decided to have a bit of fun.

Now, it might help you understand a bit about me and why I drink what I drink if you are aware that I frequently have quite bad problems with sleeping, I get up at half six for work and it is becoming a regular occurance that I only get four hours sleep. (I also have an underactive thyroid gland, so the recommended 8 hours a night wouldn't be enough for my body to function anyway) so to stay awake, I drink red bull, coke, more coke, and freezing cold water. Opening my can of coke is a morning habit and craving; like a lot of people do with coffee. I had been slowly drinking this since I arrived at work at 8am. Our restraint opens at 10, for breakfast. I walked down to get a sandwhich, and a couple of drinks. My red bull and water. As I was tired and feeling groggy I opted for the red bull first. In the first couple of sips I could feel the coldness and caffeine working its magic. It was only now that I realised I hadn't even felt a slight urge to pee yet.

Were I work, I can get really busy non stop days, and more calm relaxed days. On the busier days, I keep drinking a lot of coke, sugar and caffeine to keep myself going, and on the calmer days, I drink it to keep me from falling asleep, however on the calmer days I'm more conscious of the quantity of liquid I'm consuming and therefore make a trip to the loo more frequently. On the busier days, such as today, I'm not so aware of it. Therefore I dont realise I need to wee until it's a strong urge anyway.

Eventually, the coke and red bull had hit my bladder with a bit of bang, but I was in no danger. I have a nearly personal toilet five steps away, after all. But with my working in a high risk environment, the chances of fire alarms, or evacuation procedures becoming necessary are a threat. I made sure I would be safe in the case of one of these types of emergencies. I was about a five now, but had no real 1-4 feeling. Just straight in with the 5/10.

And I waited. And squirmed a little. It felt good, and I had a cheeky smile to myself, quickly and carefully followed by a quick rub of my clit through my jeans and knickers. Not enough to make me orgasm or cum, for obvious reasons, but it felt good.

I attempted to continue with my work as efficiently as I had before. I managed. I intended to finish this before I got up to pee, which made my work rate increase, quite drastically. But by the time I was half way through I had about a seven. And was holding myself occasionally, and re-arranging myself in my seat. The holding wasn't to stop myself wetting, it was to try and reduce the urge slightly. Make it a more comfortable hold.

About twenty minutes, and three quarters of the way through my task, the holding had began to give me a bit of a stomach ache, so I decided to go and pee. And damn, did that relief feel good. I would have been safe for another couple of hours, but I wouldn't have been comfortable for any of it. Even so, I managed to pee for around 55 seconds. Not bad for the girl known to have a small bladder!!

(As before- any feedback is welcomedh

MG xx

*002*2015-02-26 23:42

{{ 

MG, thanks for sharing this story of desperation and arousal. How desperate did you finally get before your stomach ached and you peed? Do you think anyone saw how desperate you were or that you were rubbing your clit? So naughty, holding and rubbing at work!

I hope to read more stories about your adventures holding and the excitement it gives you – and about any planned or unplanned accidents you have had. Have you ever held until you lost control and wet yourself completely? Have you ever had an orgasm just from holding or do you always have to rub yourself to reach climax? Have your ever had a peegasm (peeing during an orgasm)? What sort of clothes do you like to wear when you expect to wet?

}}

I know that no one saw me at work. I work with one other person in my department, she works part time and that was her day off. I made sure I didn't get too desperate to ensure I wouldn't have an accident.

I havent held until I lost control completely, simply due to time. I don't know how long it will take me to get to that stage and how long I have the house to myself for; I have intentionally let go twice recently. Once in a pair of leggings (though I squated so it didn't run down my legs) and once in a pair of knickers (squated again). I intend to try holding until loose control soon. I now know when I have the house to myself and how long for mostly, provided my sister doesn't start mucking about and coming and going all the time. I think the time I try holding until I loose control is when I'll try letting it go down my legs.

Clothes; everything I own is so tight I can only just bend my legs aha.

*007*2015-02-27 16:38

{{ 

That it is! Even better when you get a friend telling you you're denied use of the bathroom!

}}

See I would love to try this. Unfortunately no one really knows about this! I've mentioned it to my other half but he thinks it's more that I like seeing people desperate and wetting than doing it myself. Also I was really drunk when I mentioned it so I'm not 100% sure what else I mentioned. I might try mentioning it again and see if he's interested!

{{ 

Nice story :) Holding at work is always a fun way to liven up the day

}}

That it was! We're really quiet at the moment. There is constant work but there is no mad rush to get lots done in a short space of time. It's a comfortable rate for a relatively newbie, but when I'm alone I get bored and distracted easily. (I like to talk...like a lot...and when I'm alone there's obviously no one to talk to. Helped me focus as well, because I was determined to finish before I gave in and went to the toilet.

*011*2015-02-28 16:09

{{ 

None of my colleagues know either about my little kink - I was talking about an online friend from this forum I do have one colleague though who I think delights in knowing when I need the loo and I'm sure deliberately stalls me by asking me work questions!

}}

I had a feeling you might be. But to be honest I think I would rather try it with a friend in person...I hope to see if my boyfriend is interested...he didn't run screaming when I told him I like people desperate and wetting, so there's a glimmer of hope. He also did ask 'would you like me to wet myself?'....but I was too drunk to remember how this conversation went :(

