Memories of your parents being desperate?

Author: wanderlust

*000*2013-10-05 20:58

I was wondering if anyone had any stories to share about experiencing their parents desperation as a child (or even older). Thanks to wettingman for the idea for this thread :) Here is my experience (I already posted it on another thread but it's relevant here also)

My story is about my Mum (I did not find this arousing at all.........that would be kind of creepy, I just thought you all might enjoy it). We live in a seaside town and it's about a 15 minute drive from our house to the beach. I think I was about 9 years old when this happened, meaning my Mum was 37. We were sitting on the beach and my Mum mentioned how she needed to go to the bathroom, I didn't think much of it and she left 10 minutes later (I presumed she was going to the bathroom). She returned after a few minutes with a worried look on her face. She said that the bathrooms had been closed for maintenance. She was hopping from one foot to the other at this point and she told me we were going home and that I needed to pack up all of our gear. A few minutes later we were in the car leaving the beach. 

Mum was wearing a red singlet and light denim shorts (if that makes a difference to anyone). She was holding her crotch and grimacing as she was driving, and I could tell she was really struggling to hold it. All of a sudden I heard her gasp "Oh no, oh no, oh no I'm going to have an accident!". She pulled over to the side of the road and grabbed her crotch with both hands. After about 10 seconds she breathed out and said "That was close, I just weed a little bit. We'd better get home quick or I'll really have an accident!". She thought things were looking hopeful, but as soon as we hit the main street she was proven wrong. There was a major traffic jam, there had been a car crash and the expected wait time was 30 minutes. She groaned as we pulled in behind the long line of cars stuck on the street and grabbed herself with both hands again. After 10 minutes we had hardly moved. 

All of a sudden she cried out "Ooh sweetie pass me a towel, Mummy's having an accident!". I quickly grabbed one of the beach towels at my feet and gave it to her. She grabbed it from me, shoved it between her legs and I heard a faint hissing sound. She was weeing on the towel. I saw the light blue towel getting darker and darker as it absorbed her wee. After a minutes or so, she breathed a sigh of relief. She took the towel out from between her legs and I could see that the front of her shorts were absolutely soaked with wee. She wrapped the towel in a plastic bag and threw it in the back seat. She then turned to me laughing and said "Well accidents happen"

Hope you all enjoyed my story and please share yours :)

