Yesterday: a real hold till her bladder blocked !

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-16 12:24

That was a big surprise yesterday!

I by accident met a fascinating woman in a nearby pub. I know her from many years before. She is not a beauty queen, but she looks good, 1.70m (= 5'7''), slim and very female, has long dark brown curled hair and wore an old and fashionable scuffed heavy brown leather jacket. She placed herself beside me at the desk and we and the keeper talked a lot. She drank about 3 or 4 beers (0.3 liters each). Then another man whom we both know arrived and 4 we talked on and on.

As we have no closing hour here, and the ascension day is a holiday and most of us used that Friday as a bridge day – so we had a long night. The other guy gave that woman another 4 to 5 more beers in a quick succession. Then she went to the Ladies the first time this evening. It was about 4 am...

When she came back very quickly for so much beer and after the long holding time, she wanted to go home as told us she would be drunk now.

I asked her how she could be drunk as she just used the toilet the first time that night – so she would just have drunk up to probably 4 beers... (I knew it was double of the 4 beers, but liked to needle her make her wait a little longer, as I knew she could not have emptied her obviously strong bladder completely!)

But she told me, that she had drunk even some more before she arrived there!

And after a short break she also told us, that her bladder would be .... 'closed'!

And she also told us her bladder would be like that of an old man with prostate disease...

But she would be too young to dribble or to get incontinent!

Then she took her leather jacket on, crossed her arms, stood there fidgeting secretly like freezing – but refused, when I offered to close the open door – and drank 2 more beers in 1..1.5 more hrs. Then unfortunately the pub closed.

Her way home was about 1 mile by foot. But she left when I had my last pee, so I had no chance to examine her bursting, blocked and definitely extremely overfilled bladder

If I would have been alone with her, I would have asked her more about her strong bladder and would have asked her to feel her probably then massive and rockhard bulging bladder, etc...

She seems to drink a lot regularly as she didn't get drunk after 3..4 + 4..5 + 2 beers + her previous drinks = 9..11+ x 0.3 liters of beer = 2.7..3.3+ liters of beer! Just one unsuccessful pee without any relieve after 2.1..2.7+ liters of beer – near the end of the long night – plus the drinks before – plus the diuretic effect – – plus the last 2 beers... And if she probably had peed a little before her bladder may have refilled very quickly in that state!

Really fascinating! A night with her and her burstingly overfilled, rockhard bulging bladder... that's it – the very absolute dream

*001*2021-09-16 12:29

Heidi waiting really long

###

The day before yesterday, I was on tour with one of the a.m. woman's friends nearly all day long

In the afternoon we commonly had a coffee. Later in the evening she already had drunk 3 beers, then this woman excused for the bathroom. As far as I know, it was the first time after we met first this day.

Is caught and hugged her and felt her rockhard, but not bulging bladder. Then she told me: "Please let me go now. I always wait much too long and if I don't go now, I will have a urinary retention again...!"

After this first pee most others would have gone more often, but not for her. She went home many hours later with no further bathroom visit!

I should meet these women more frequently in future...!

