Next wetting from Joy

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-08-22 14:15

After she peed her Christmas panties for me as a Christmas present it was another few months before anything else happened. I had to wait for the coldest part of winter to end and spring to start and the weather to turn a bit nicer. One Saturday my family was going to be gone almost the entire day so we took advantage and I picked her up and we went back to my empty place. We had hardly made it into the front door before we were naked and had satisfied each other orally and were basking in the afterglow on the living room floor. I got us some water and lunch and we watched a movie and then decided it was nice enough outside to go for a walk. So we did.

We held hands and walked the neighborhood in the warm sun. The breeze was cool and we both had on jackets and jeans. She was so beautiful and cute. Before long she asked to head back to the house because she needed to pee. I started playfully teasing her about it and hinting that she should wet herself instead. At first she wasn't really going along but finally I broke her down and she seemed to be more open to the idea. As we kept walking her need increased and she was getting desperate and all I could think about was the possibiliy of her soaking her light colored jeans for me and I immediately got an erection that was impossible to hide in my jeans. She teased me playfully about that as we headed back to my house.

We finally got back and instead of heading to the bathroom we went out into the back yard since it was so nice outside. We started making out and teased each other over our clothes for a few minutes until we were both extremely worked up. Then Joy pushed gently away from me and stepped back into the grass a few feet, spread her legs slightly, closed her eyes and...

I watched as her pale blue jeans suddenly turned dark and wet in the crotch and the wetness burst outward and down her legs. She had a wry smile on her face. The pee flooded down her legs and splattered on the grass and soaked her jeans. I threw caution to the wind and unzipped my own jeans and began stroking myself in the backyard watching her. We had a big fence, but you never know...

Joy finished, turned around to show me the back, then stepped back up to me, stopped my hand from stroking myself and said, "Hey, that's my job." She then squatted down and had me exploding in her mouth in less than a couple of minutes. I then pulled her up, unzipped her jeans, slid my hand down the front of her panties, and fingered her to an orgasm as well.

We went inside, stripped her down so she could was herself in the shower while I ran her jeans and panties through the washing machine. Since she was already naked I couldn't resist satisfying her again since she tastes so good... and she had to do the same for me. Afterwards we were both entirely spent and exhausted, but very happy. She wore a pair of my boxers until her stuff dried, and once she had changed, we headed out for dinner and back to her place.

It was definitely one of the best Saturday's of my life. :D

*005*2011-09-29 18:46

{{ 

Hail Sentinelchicken, king of the Real Life Experiences section.

}}

{{ 

/me bows to the king

}}

Haha. Thank you very much.

Reminds me that I haven't posted any new stories about Joy since this one over a month ago. Guess I should remedy that...

