An old experience

Author: TVGuy

*000*2013-11-29 23:32

Although I have been lucky enough to have a few very positive real life experiences, I haven't shared too many of them. Most out of respect for the people involved. They were my friends, they trusted me not to tell, and they were genuinely embarrassed. It seems like betrayal of their trust to post what was a humiliating situation for them online for other people to enjoy. So most of what I have witnessed in real life I haven't shared.

I was thinking about one experience I had as a teenager. The girls involved weren't too embarrassed by it and I never asked not to tell anyone. By changing some of the unimportant details I think this experience is safe to post. So with that said, here is the story....

###

No one had a DVD player yet. They had just come out and still cost close to a thousand dollars. No had had a DVD player yet, except me. I had worked all the previous summer to save up and buy not just a DVD player, but a DVD ROM drive for my computer with a video decoder card. All my friends were envious, and it was a great way to get girls to come over.

"Hey, do you want to come over to my place and watch a movie on DVD?" was a flawless line. No girl could refuse an opportunity to watch that digitally perfect image offered by DVD.

It was summer and, like usual, I had a summer job. I was working as a summer camp counselor. Two younger girls, both named Ashley, were junior counselors and we had formed a bit of a friendship.

Ashley and Ashley had been best friends since kindergarten. They dressed the same, completely each other's sentences, and went everywhere together. There were also both extremely attractive. They both had blonde hair, and to be honest, it was often hard to tell them apart. The most obvious way to differentiate them is one was a bit taller and had braces.

The campers only stayed for five days. Every week the staff got one day off, usually Thursday.

After a very long week of dealing with campers in extreme heat and dry and dusty conditions I was very much looking forward to having a day off. It was 11:30pm on Wednesday night. The camp was ready for the next group of campers Friday morning, most of the other staff members had gone to bed except for a few couples who had wandered off to some place private to make out.

I was taking a shower. Most of the staff preferred just to go to bed after a long days work, and I often did as well. Sometimes though I simply felt too grimy from the sweat and dust I had collected all day and needed to wash off. So I was in the guys shower, alone, when I was suddenly startled by the voice of one of the Ashleys.

I spun around and scrambled to grab my towel to cover myself. Both Ashley and Ashley were standing there watching me. They didn't seem to realize this was not appropriate.

"We heard you have a DVD player," said the one without braces.

I couldn't think of any other reaction except to reply, "Yes."

"Good," said the one with braces.

The one without braces continued, "We are going home with you tomorrow to watch it. What movies do you have?"

I only had two movies, Waterworld and Mystery Men. They informed me we would be watching Mystery Men, then left me to continue the shower on my own.

The next morning Ashley, Ashley, myself, and my friend Lee piled into is orange, rusted, 1970 International Scout and set off to my place. When I came home with camp friends my parents preferred to get out of the house. They didn't like being in a home full of teenagers.

Ashley, Ashley, and myself headed to my bedroom to watch Mystery Men. We started up my computer, got comfortable on the bed, and started to watch the movie.

Just outside my bedroom door, Lee decided he didn't want to watch Mystery Men. He had already seen it several times. Instead he was eager to play a new Playstation game he had just got.

For those of you who are not familiar with the movie Mystery Men, it is basically a movie about a group of looser superheros. They city's real superhero is captured by the villain, and the wannabe heroes set off on a mission to save him. The wannabe heroes powers aren't so super though. They include such powers as throwing forks, performing tasks with a shovel, and farting.

Ashley, Ashley, and myself were laying on my bed with me in the middle. I had one arm around each girl. The Ashley with braces was sucking on a Jolly Rancher. We had reached the point in the movie where the guy who throws forks yells the line, "Fork you!"

The Ashley with braces thought this was hilarious. She started laughing uncontrollably. So much so that the Jolly Rancher she has been sucking on flew out of her mouth and landed in her hair.

At this point it is important to remember that Lee is right on the other side of the door. He heard the following conversation, which soon became a legend at the camp.

The Ashley with braces now had a Jolly Rancher candy in her hair. The other Ashley and I are now both laughing too because Braces Ashley found this so funny. Ashley without braces rolled on top of me, plucked the candy out of braces Ashley's hair and handed it back to her. Braces Ashley proceeded to put in back in her mouth.

"Ewww," exclaimed Ashley without braces, "I can't believe you stuck that thing in your mouth?"

"Why not?" said braces Ashley. "It's big and juicy!"

"Yeah," said the other Ashley, "but its got hair all over it."

"I don't care," replied braces Ashley, "I want it in my mouth."

"I would only put it in my mouth," stated the other Ashley, "if it was thoroughly washed first."

With that the Ashley with braces took the candy out of her mouth and handed it to the other Ashley.

"Here, try it," said the Ashley with braces, "I sucked it clean."

"Eww, no!" shouted the other Ashley and batted the candy away. Again the candy went airborne, coming back down and straight down the front of the shirt of the Ashley without braces.

"Ewwww!" screamed the Ashley without braces as she shook her hand in disgust, "It's all over my boobs and its sticky!"

At this point I was laughing so hard I was crying. The Ashley with braces was also hysterical with laughter. Looking at the other Ashley freaking out about the candy down her shirt was too much. So Ashley with braces rolled away to try to stop laughing.

Unfortunately Ashley with braces had no more bed left to roll over onto. She ended up rolling off the edge of the bed and falling face first onto the floor.

This made the other Ashley laugh. She laughed so hard she started peeing in her jeans. She didn't seem to care though, she just kept laughing.

After several minutes of laughter Ashley and I finally managed to contain ourselves. We realized braces Ashley wasn't getting up or making much sounds. Suddenly we were concerned. Was she seriously hurt?

"Are you alright?" I asked.

Her reply was muffled, "I'm stuck."

We were confused.

"My braces," was her muffled reply, "are stuck to the floor."

Ashley and I soon detached her from the floor. It was then braces Ashley saw the other Ashley's wet pants.

"What happened?" asked braces Ashley.

For the first time the other Ashley looked embarrassed about having peed her pants.

"I couldn't help it," said the other Ashley, "You guys made me wet."

With that we all erupted with laughter again. This time braces Ashley couldn't contain her laughter and ended up peeing.

Finally we all contained ourselves and decided not to watch any more of the movie.

We exited the bedroom to find Lee, staring in shock at the three of us.

"Please tell me," he said, "that you guys video taped whatever just happened in there."

Both girls changed their clothes, and we did laundry before heading back to camp.

###

I know this story isn't much. Its not super sexual, but it is true. I hope you all enjoyed it.

*004*2013-11-30 05:19

{{ 

Also, a question for you TVGuy. What was your immediate reaction to this? You describe them as attractive women. Was it pretty difficult to contain yourself given the circumstances? Also, how much did your friends wet themselves? Was it a pretty thorough wetting, or was it just a few spurts of pee?

}}

It wasn't a very thorough wetting, but more than just a few spurts. Especially the Ashley who didn't have braces, her jeans got wet almost down to her knees. But it wasn't like a complete soaking, there were no puddles on the floor to clean up.

As far as my reaction and if it was difficult to contain myself, I guess that depends on exactly what you mean by contain myself. I was a teenage guy, alone in my bedroom laying on my bed sandwiched between two hot girls. Both girls ended up peeing their pants, so yes, I thoroughly enjoyed it.

I didn't make a big deal of it. I was certain if anyone ever knew about my pee fetish I would be labeled a pervert, a freak, and no one would want anything to do with me. So I just followed the girls lead in laughing about it and really didn't dwell on it too much. I had lots of other fun experiences with those girls, but this was the only one that involved peeing.

