Wet while playing video games

Author: james07s

*000*2011-11-25 04:52

I peed myself playing Skyrim yesterday! I was in my dorm room by myself, and finally had some time to spend the whole day playing it. So I was drinking a bunch of sodas and hadn't peed all day. After a few hours I had to go really really bad, but I was having fun so I was ignoring it. I kept drinking soda and eventually had to go bad enough that I was occasionally grabbing myself.

I thought about just wetting but decided I didn't feel like doing laundry since I had just done it the other day and didn't have enough stuff to do and didn't want to keep wet jeans around. So I decided to get up and go after I was finished with the quest I was doing... then the next quest.. then the next one. Then when I was in a big tough fight, I was squirming around a lot, trying not to pee.

When the fight was over I leaned back and relaxed a little, and suddenly pee just started *gushing* out of me :D. I was wetting so hard I could hear it pretty well! I was going so hard there was no way I could stop it so I just leaned back and let it all out. I peed so much it ran down the back of my legs and even got my socks and the floor pretty wet!

So then I went right back to playing and drinking more soda! (well, after getting excited and taking care of something else in my pants!) And like 30 minutes later I had to pee pretty bad again. I could hold it for a lot longer but decided just to wet myself. This time I stood up and wet because I like the feeling of it running down my legs a lot more than doing it sitting.

Naturally, because I had no other laundry to do and didn't want wet pants around forever, I had to make more laundry so last night I wet my bed too !



I have another story about wetting in the dorm but I will only post it if a few other guys post some stories about them wetting because there are never enough stories about guys wetting! :)

*003*2011-11-27 06:53

{{ 

That sounds like an awesome wetting experience though. I bet it must have felt awesome (well, obviously it did if you had to take care of "something else" I guess !

I'm slightly envious, I've never been able to experience actually loosing control like that, even though I've tried. ("Scary" video games while desperate. I've actually tried to entice myself to have an accident while gaming to no success ><; )

}}

It was fun! And it's hard for me to do it, too, but it was distracting enough that I was able to forget about how much I had to go.

{{ 

Perhaps a tad off topic, but how is Skyrim? I've played Oblivion and Morrowind, but neither have been good enough to glue me to the game like as you described.

}}

It's great! I like it a lot better than Oblivion, and I liked Oblivion a lot.

{{ 

Glad you enjoyed your unexpected wetting (is it weird that I was getting aroused imagining it??) 

}}

Not weird at all, totally normal! :D

