The rest of our wet weekend!

Author: bigdog1978

*000*2013-07-03 04:11

This is the continuation of this weekend on the river with my wife. I hope you all enjoy.

After friday morning's excitment my wife told me she wanted to see what it felt like to be truly desperate. I unloaded the ice chest and she began to drink. About two hours into the evening she said she was starting to feel it. She wasn't able to sit still. She was wearing a pair of blue jean short and a pair of bright pink panties. Three hours in she was rocking on her heel trying to focus. After another twenty minutes she said that she was about ro burst and that she had never been this desperate in her life. She was constantly shifting from side to side with both hands planted firmly in her crotch. All of a sudden she let out a squeel and told me she had leaked. I asked her to remove her hands so I could inspect the damage. 

She had a three inch wet spot on her shorts. She started rubbing herself to keep the flow back. She was moaning with pleasure with every stroke. She stood up dancing around with her hands burried deep in her crotch rubbing vigorously. All of a sudden she just stopped and spread her legs. As soon as she did so, a giant wet patch spread down her short and pee just started pouring out everywhere. She quickly unbuttoned her shorts and burried her hand in her panties and started fingering herself like crazy. She had an amazing orgasm and just sank to her knees still peeing in the sand. Once she had finished she said "that was amazing" and we proceeded to have our fun right there on the sand bar.

That night we slept in a tent on the sand bar. She had drank alot that evening so I knew she would be needing to pee when she woke up. The next morning I wok up to her kissing me and rolling me over onto my back. She was only wearing a pair of my boxer shorts. Once I had rolled over she got ontop on me and leaned down in my ear and told me she realy had to pee. She immidiatly began to let go through the boxers as she was grinding on me. The warm feeling was absolutly amazing and it was all I could could do to not cum right then. One she had finished we went at each other like wild animals, it was fantastic.

Once we got everything cleaned up and packed she told me that this was the best camping trip she had ever had and that we would have to start doing this alot more! I can honestly say i have the best wife ever. Hopefuly I can talk her into letting me vidwo her and when she does you all will be the first to know!

