My Girlfriend

Author: Booboohoohoo

*000*2012-02-12 20:10

This Stoy is from a few years back, me and my girlfriend have been together for almost years now.

On one fateful day the first summer that my girlfriend and I had been together she had wanted to go to the beach for our first anniversary, so I decided that we would make the trip. Upon arrival we did the standard play in the lake, make sand castles etc.. After a few hours she let me know she had to use the restroom so we started heading towards the portable restrooms which were a good distance away, about half of the way there she stopped and crossed her legs explaining that her urge to pee was very intense. I think she may have seen that this excited me so we started walking again and she stopped a few more yards later explaining she had to pee sooo bad while hunching over and crossing her legs very tight just to turn me on more, she knew what she was doing. 

After a short walk we finally made it to the restrooms and she peeked inside and stated that she was not peeing in there, so I said either walk back to the lake or pee here. She struggled for a while and said she'd pee her cute little white swim-suit if i'd pee my shorts, i said okay and went behind the restrooms and did the act. She had looked very surprised but I was willing to do anything just to see her wet her now dry swimsuit. So she squirmed a little bit and let a little stream of pee out, just enough to wet the crotch of her swimsuit and make it swell out a little bit. I said "is that it?" 

She said no and stood still for a second trying to let the flow start and after a few seconds she started peeing, she completely soaked the swimsuit as the pee ran all down her legs and she pee'd for a good 15 seconds completely wetting herself and the ground. I had to try to hide my "arousal" but alas that was a little hard (kind of like myself.) And so she went back to the beach for her to rinse off and we headed home. On the way home I told her of my fetish and she didn't freak out like I had expected, in fact I think she kind of liked it ;)

I have just a few more stories for you guys, this was my first attempt at writing one so let me know what you thought of it.

*003*2012-02-18 18:17

No trust me its only happened a few times, but a few is better than none.

