Wetting at work Part 2!

Author: penguinpeace

*000*2012-08-27 20:43

Hi Omo fans,

If you are preparing to read this story (trust me you want to), you should read my first on the job one first, then make your way over here. Again, this is a story from my old Experience Project account that is completely true. Here it is and I hope you enjoy :)

How many guys can honestly say they have wet themselves in front of a horde of people and not get noticed? Luckily I can.

Two days of refereeing again, and for anyone who has read my other stories, then you know what this story is going to be about. For those of you who don't know, i discovered about a month ago that while refereeing soccer games (the referee on the line not the one in the middle) I can keep myself extremely wet and nothing will show through my pants. Now I don't do this every time, and no matter how much encouragement i get i will not be doing this every weekend, but for those of you who wet out there you know how you can go through periods of deep enjoyment in this liking, and then not do it again for a while.

Anyways, yesterday started with me extremely hungover and dragging myself to the game. I realized into my second of three games I really had to pee and let my mind drift back to that first day when I discovered that I could just do it. So I let out just a little bit, cutting it off quickly. About 5 minutes later the same feeling hit me and I let out like 4 little spurts, really warming me up (despite the already hot weather). The games were each hour long games, and I was wetting 5 minutes into the second one, and in the interest of time let me skip forward to today. Lets just say that I was very, very wet for those two hours, and when I got home took care of my pants and took care of myself..

Today was great to say the very least. I am sitting here still smiling about it as I really got as close as possible to getting caught without anyone calling me out on it. I went to the field today planning to be very bad, drinking a waterbottle on the way. Today I had four games, and the first two were extremely important. Seeing as I enjoy wetting pretty thoroughly I decided to wait till they were over. Heading back to the field for the third game, and having drunk five waterbottles by then i was ready. I started with little spurts while we were taking captains, right in front of the girls and other referees which felt crazy. I went back to my line and before the game started peed a solid two seconds into my pants just to warm up a little bit =)

As that game went on I peed more and more and kept shifting my package getting my pants as wet as possible. At one point in the second half I went to the halfline by where one of the teams were sitting. I'm a fairly talkative and friendly guy so I had already talked to the girls and was standing by them when I heard one of them say "it smells like pee do any of you smell that?"

I heard another one agree and the third say she didn't smell it. I smiled to myself and standing literally feet from them peed 3-4 seconds, which was a mistake because pee came out of my shorts and ran down my legs a little, which frankly scared the shit out of me because I really didn't want to be noticed. Nobody noticed even though I had all the families to my left and right and the entire team feet behind me which was GREAT. I was so warm and felt so good it took a lot of effort not to get 'excited' during the game. I went back down the line by the goal because the play took me there and when I came back by their bench, one of the girls said thinking I wasn't listening "I think that guy smells like pee, it goes away when he leaves and it smells when he comes back" That just made me smile again and let out a few more spurts, I really had to pee badly and it was a little hard to control it but it was sooo much fun doing it you honestly can't understand until you try.

The scariest part came near the end of the game when the girls on the bench were sniffing loudly when I was around and one turned to the rest behind my back and said "I think the reff peed his pants." For whatever reason that freaked me out and I didn't do anymore that game. The next game was the same except for the teams sat on the opposite side of me and by that time I REALLY had to go, and was peeing a lot because there were no spectators. I kept rubbing my legs together so that any pee on them would dissipate and I was getting my socks pretty wet. When I got to my car i bent down like I was checking something under the car and let the rest out right there it felt great and I was SO turned on. I put a towel on my seat and went home, eager to tell my story =)

<3 More to come.

*002*2012-08-27 21:24

Ya I was wearing boxer shorts at the time

*007*2012-09-05 19:13

Thanks guys! Its been about 4 years since I posted this story and now I do some staff accounting as a paid intern (and I wear black slacks everrryyy day). I don't know why I haven't taken advantage of this yet hehe, its actually been a while since I have wet.

