Hanging Out The Window To Pee Into The Night

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2015-03-05 09:27

Thank you for your patience, I know it’s been far too long since my last story. Things have been really busy for me with the dissertation I’ve been working on, but it’s finally time to wind down and put my keyboard to use writing about far more interesting topics. Before I get going, I’d just like to thank you all for your lovely comments and messages. In particular Gobphus, your comments over the past few weeks have been very encouraging, and I’m thanking you for alluring me back to write about this experience, which happened in the early hours of Sunday.

As I mentioned, my college work has been really getting on top of me lately. In particular was a deadline on Monday, for the first draft of a dissertation I’ve been researching for for months. I’ve been really worried about it, waking up at nights sometimes and often finding myself unable to think of anything else. Needless to say it’s put some strain on my relationship with peeing. It’s been far too long since I felt the warmth of pee soaked panties clinging to me. As work on my paper has concluded, I’ve found myself thinking of wet clothes more and more, dreaming of having the time to forget college, forget my lecturers, and just enjoy a moment of pleasure.

It’s become routine now that Hannah comes and stays with me from midday Friday to Monday morning. We’ve been enjoying time as friends more than anything lately. She too has deadlines looming and we’re both understanding that we’re big distractions for each other. But last weekend, things were about to change.

I woke in the early hours of Sunday with a funny feeling. It was sort of shivery excitement. The sort off buzz I feel in my tummy when I’m indulging in naughty pleasures. Hannah was sleeping next to me, the duvet pulled up over her shoulder and her chin snuggled into the soft fabric. The room was hardly lit at all, a dim pool of moonlight formed a curve on the ceiling above the window. There was a gentle draft which billowed the curtains, and I found myself spending several minutes watching the dark shadows they cast swaying across my desk. My attic room is a lovely place at night. You can still hear whispers of wind in the chimney over the old fireplace, and often the beams over the roof creak a little in really high winds. I was very much enjoying the peace. My mind, for the first time in a long time, was not dashing through a to-do list. No, I was quite calm.

The buzzing excitement, which was coming from no-where, was quickly overtaking my body. I knew I wanted to do something, but I didn’t know what. I slipped out from under the covers, and tip-towed over to the window so as not to disturb Hannah. Quietly, I pushed open one curtain and gazed over the rolling hills. The bumpy fields lit by the shimmering blue light of the stars. In the far distance, the lights of the town flickered a rich yellow. I gazed down, into the darkness below the window. There was the tin roof of the utility extension not ten feet down there, but it was too dark to see. Feeling naughty, I pushed open the window.

A gentle breeze whispered over me, blowing my hair back and circling me in cool fresh air. I was horny. Under my pyjamas my nipples grew firm. Tenderly I began to draw circled around one, my fingertip’s light touch sensitively teasing me through the thin cotton. What could I do? I thought to myself. I looked back to Hannah, quite content in her sleep. Through the gloomy darkness I could see her slow breaths lifting the dropping the covers. One delicate arm was folded over the outside of the duvet, her long fingers resting atop her chest. As I watched her I felt more and more naughty. Butterflies began to dart around inside me, and now more than ever I wanted to pee myself. I looked back out the window, to the miles of fields and imagined watching squirts of my pee soaking into the grass.

It was too much. I wanted to pee. I wanted to feel my warm panties wet through. And I wanted to do it outside. I pushed the window open further and slipped out of my pyjama top. The breeze now drifted so teasingly over my naked little breasts that I just wanted to be swept away and pleased. I rolled my top up and stuffed it onto the window ledge so as to cushion the rough frame, then I climbed onto my desk and carefully took my place perched on the window. Using both arms to keep hold of the frame, I slid backwards as far as I could, pointing my bottom out into the night air. My heart raced with imminent joy.

Whispers of wind fluttered through my cotton pyjama pants and cooled my silk panties. I watched Hannah innocently sleeping, I thought of her rubbing herself, pee streaming down her hands. I couldn’t hold it any longer, I wanted to feel it. So I breathed in and held my breath. My knees trembled. My bottom clenched up, suspended in the dark night. I let a burst of pee out and gasped. An unbelievable sensation rocketed through me. Then I squeezed hard and a full stream began to gush into my dry pants. Immediately a distant tinckling sound signalled my hot pee running down the tin roof below. I gassed stunned as steam raised from my crotch. Warm, wet pleased filled my panties. It felt amazing! I wanted more! I peed hard, squeezing it into a thick powerful jet. My bottom was getting soaked as the soft cotton pyjamas grew heavy with my hot pee. I breathed fast. Shaking with joy. Then, Hannah stirred. I gasped and froze. The pee stopped coming.

With cold wet panties, I climbed back into the room. As I stood in front of the window, I could feel cold dribbles running down to my knees. I was very horny and trying really hard not to start rubbing. I stepped quietly over to Hannah, who was now lying looking out over the edge of the bed. She was sound asleep. I knelt at her beside, so close I could feel her warm breath. Her face was completely calm. She looked so peaceful. Her long hair splayed over the pillow and half covering one of her soft cheeks. Her silk pyjamas had a low chest, and I couldn’t stop my eyes drifting to the darkness just under the top of the duvet.

I couldn’t help it. My hand drifted into my wet crotch, my fingers slipping over the sodden fabric. I gave one delicate stroke but before I could go further I felt more pee coming. Holding my breath once more I let my hand get soaked in warm pee. It ran down the inside of my legs and pooled on the floor by me knees. I gritted my teeth and tried not to make a sound. But the hiss grew louder. My legs were doused in the hot pee and uncontrollably I continued to rub. Faster and faster I massaged myself. Hannah stayed asleep as I shook on the floor beside her. Faster I rubbed. I pulled my pants down and forced my hand into my panties.

As my finger slipped in I gasped with joy. Hannah was oblivious. It was overcome. Pleasure raced through my body. I couldn’t take it. Faster and harder I moved my wet hand. There was pee everywhere. I was shaking with joy. My breaths were fast and deep. I fell back, spreading my legs and clutching myself with both hands. I wanted to scream. The pleasure was so powerful I could hardly breath. Then, a tingle ran up my spine and I moaned. Pulling my pee covered hands away I felt a sudden burst shoot into my panties. My come splashed on the floor, but I wasn’t finished. Lying there I squeezed hard and forced myself to pee just a little more over the wooden floor.

I was exhausted, completely amazed that Hannah had remained asleep. Using my soaked pyjamas I mopped up the worst of the pee, threw them in the wash basket and climbed, still very wet, into bed. I woke on Sunday morning to find Hannah already up and about. Should I tell her? I thought to myself, a smug grin on my face.

