Ever lie about how bad your wetting was?

Author: powderpuff

*000*2015-05-20 01:35

Lately I've been talking about this with a therapist. The truth is I've struggled with nightly bedwetting all my life, some stress incontinence off and on my whole life. but i'd downplay the problem when asked... even here I lied a bit about the actual extent out of embarrassment. It can actually be a problem if you're not honest with your doctor or someone when diagnosing stuff so.. yeah. Idk, Im sorry i know its not a huge thing but i still feel bad. growing up i had a major inferiority complex because of stuff like this.

*003*2015-05-20 02:29

Thanks. :) The wetting is definitely a weird 'love/hate' sort of thing. On the one hand I sorta like feeling babyish and the comfort and cuteness of the diapers and stuff... But on the other occasionally it just makes me feel sort of pathetic or like there really is something wrong with me. Less than it did 2-3 years ago but its still there. Idk, its hard to explain.

*008*2015-05-22 03:06

{{ 

Now that you've admitted your lifelong struggle with bedwetting and have gotten so much support here, don't you feel better? I finally overcame my shame about bedwetting when I learned not only that many people wet the bed but also that some had learned to enjoy the experience. You too have found some pleasure in aspects of being a bedwetter, which is a good thing. Would you be a little disappointed if you grew out of wetting the bed, as I did?

After finally being reliably dry at night for many years, I discovered a fascination with diapers. Since I began to wear and wet them both night and day, I've wet the bed once or twice a year. But now, instead of feeling ashamed when I have an accident, I enjoy a nice surprise. Maybe you too will get to the point where you won't feel bad when you wake up wet. Good luck in getting where you need to be.

}}

Its sorta love/hate. I like the feeling of a wet diaper and babyish stuff in general... but i've had a hard time with the smell and stressing over people finding out mostly. and sometimes i do feel a little pathetic... i'm not nearly as down on myself about this stuff as a couple years ago though. :)

