Update with my boyfriend!

Author: Vickypee

*000*2011-09-15 18:26

So i decided the next step with my boyfriend "Joe" after having the little fake accident in front of him that went ok would be that i would tell him about the real accident i had last week. it took me a few days to get up my nerve to tell him which is funny since it was an honest accident and the other one i did in front of him was planned and fake! but for some reason i was actually a little embarrassed to admit to my bf that i actually peed myself again especially so soon after the one that i faked in front of him if that makes sense.

So i waited until i figured he'd be happy and in a good mood. when is a guy in a better mood than right after having sex right? haha so yesterday afternoon we were at his place and had just finished having sex and were laying in his bed still naked and snuggling. i decided that was my moment to tell him. my heart started beating faster and i felt nevous actually. i was laying half on top of him on his side with my head on his chest and said "you remember how a couple of weeks ago i peed my pants a little at my house?" he said yeah. i said "well last week i got stuck in traffic after class and really had to pee" he didn't say anything for a second so i got up my nerve and kept going "i was really desperate but was on my way home so i didn't go at school but then i got stuck in this huge freaking traffic jam trying to leave campus" he said "yeah traffic can suck in the afternoon" i said "i know right?" i waited and he asked "so what happened?"

I said "well i really realy had to go really bad but i had nowhere to go stuck in the car so i just tried to hold it, you know, like i put a hand in my crotch and squeezed" i was watching his soft penis the hole time i was talking. when i mentioned holding myself i saw it twitch a little and that encouraged me, hehe. he asked if i made it home. i said "i kept trying to hold it and get through the traffic but after a while i felt some come out and made my panties wet." his penis twitched again and grew a little so i kept going "i tried harder but soon more came out and my pants were wet and my panties were getting soaked" now his penis was slowly growing back to full size!

"i knew it was showing pretty bad so i couldn't stop at a store on the way so i tried to make it home but before i could make it all the way i completely lost control and totally soaked my pants and the car seat" he coughed a little and tried to shift i think to hide his erection but i grabbed it with my hand and started stroking him and said "did that make you aroused?" he laughed a little and said "i guess it did". i asked him if he liked the thought of me losing control and wetting myself. he said yes! i kissed his chest and said "good, because it turns me on, too"

He asked me what i meant. i said "i get turned on by being desperate and peeing my pants." he said really? I said yeah and told him how i did it on purpose on the dare at the party in july and how i got into it after that and how i liked to pee my pants on purpse since then. he said wow. i asked him if that was ok or if he thought i was weird. he said it was a little weird but whatever i like is ok with him and obviously it turned him on so he couldnt exactly call me weird if it made him hard, haha. and then he rolled over on top of me and well, we had sex again! woohoo!

I felt so relieved to tell him the whole truth and even happier that he likes it too. i havent had a chance to pee my pants for him on purpose again yet but we have talked a little about it and both want me to do it as soon as we get a chance, maybe tomorrow or this weekend.

Thanks to everybody who encouraged me to tell him. i'm really glad i did. :D

*008*2011-09-21 17:51

Ok, so new update. it took a while before we were alone long enough for me to pee my pants for him on purpose, but today was finally the day! we both skipped a class this morning and went to my place before lunch, both excited and a little nervous and a lot aroused lol

We made out for a while and then i had him sit on my bed while i put a big towel on the floor underneath me in front of him. then i stood in front of him. he had asked me to wear tight jeans btw. so i stood there and at first it was actually hard to let go i guess was more nervous about it than i thought! a little bit finally came out and made a wet spot on my crotch and i showed him and he liked it. i pushed some more and finally was able to let go and totally pee myself and soak my jeans. Joe could hardly stand it. he unzipped his shorts and was stroking himself while i stood there and finished peeing. then he got up, grabbed me, pulled my wet jeans to my ankles but left my wet panties on, bent me over the end of the bed, pulled my panties to the side, and um did me from behind :o only he didnt last very long before he cummed because he was so excited lol

We stipped down the rest of the way, tossed my peed clothes in the wash, then took a shower together (round two! :wub: haha) so he could go back to classes after lunch

It was a lot of fun and so exciting after i was able to let go i cant wait to do it again with him :)

