I Wet My Pants Outside

Author: Minnie

*000*2014-01-24 21:55

So to get to my house from my boyfriend's place you need to take 3 buses and the whole trip takes around 2hrs total. Today, I made that trip. I was wearing a pair of black leggings (for my boyfriend, he likes the way they fit.) and a pair of black sweatpants overtop while I was bussing because it was chilly out today. Anyways, I got on my first bus having to pee pretty badly because I had just come from a restaurant and I drank a lot of Pepsi. 

That first bus was about 25 minutes long so by the end of it I had to pee pretty bad (I have a weak bladder) and my second bus didn't come until 15-20 minutes after that bus, so I was almost bursting at the point I got onto it. It was ANOTHER 20 minutes after that to my next stop where I wait for my third bus and luckily it's in the middle of a quiet neighborhood and I was the only one who got off and was waiting at that stop. It was around 8:30pm so it was pretty dark out and a few cars drove by as I was doing my pee-pee dance trying to hold it all in. My bus wasn't expected for another 20 minutes.

After 12 minutes of desperately trying to hold it, and having a little bit spurt out in my leggings while doing so, I snuck between two houses and leaned on one in the shadows and pulled down my sweatpants because I didn't want to get them wet and I squatted down a little against the wall and started wetting a little trickle into my pants and then it felt so good that I couldn't hold back and it all came gushing out of me, flooding my leggings and running down my legs (I did end up getting my sweatpants very very wet). I could hear it splattering on the ground below me as I leaned there, peeing my leggings for at least a solid 2-3 minutes. It felt soooo good just letting it all out right there. After that, I pulled my sweatpants back over my leggings and rode the bus the rest of the way home in my wet leggings. It was amazing.

*005*2014-01-25 22:50

{{ 

Brave indeed. Did your bf find out? What did he say?

}}

No, he didn't find out. He knows about my fetish but he doesn't quite know what his is yet and we've been hesitant on trying out anything together.

*007*2014-01-26 23:05

{{ 

Well, I sure don't mind you sharing the experience with us!

That was one nice experience! :) I wish I dared to do such things - I'm so scared of wetting myself, I could never bring myself to this....

}}

I used to be scared of it too, but there's no harm in it. It feels really good and there's nothing wrong with that :)

