Peeing Through my Panties (with pictures) - Page 2

Author: 123Jaz

*026*2015-02-02 21:17

{{:

I bet they did. Did they get even wetter later on? ;)

}}

Yes they did ;)

*028*2015-02-02 21:22

{{:

Always a good way to finish off after a naughty wetting ;)

}}

Hehehehehe ;)

*030*2015-02-02 21:39

{{:

Do you have plans to do it again?

}}

Definitely!

*032*2015-02-02 21:53

{{:

You know, I'll just be honest here... There are a LOT of guys out there who like their women a little heavier, a little fuller, my FATHER included! You shouldn't be ashamed of your thighs. If they got stretch marks, those are stories to be told. Besides, just be confident in what "yo mamma gave ya", and the compliments will come rolling in, even if you're as big as Big Mama!

}}

Thank you very much! You certainly made me smile :3

*034*2015-02-02 22:01

{{:

I'm glad you got the movie reference, lol. But seriously, us guys, we don't want a barbie-doll girlfriend. As long as you have a great personality, love to have fun, and take a genuine interest in what we do, we couldn't care less if you weighed 100lbs or 300lbs

}}

Yes I did! A lot of guys I know do! Hmmmm...

*041*2015-02-03 21:16

{{:

As everyone else has already said, thank you so much for sharing these, I really enjoyed them! :)

}}

Awww! Thank you very much!

{{:

Awesome thread, very cute panties. I love that you kept them on after!

}}

Hehehehehe well of course I did :3 it felt too good not to! ;)

{{:

I loved the fact you kept them on you naughty girl

As for your thighs I'd love to use them as ear muffs ;) I love them

}}

Ooops ;) I guess I am rather naughty! ooooh that sounds fun! Thank you!

{{:

Most guys would be dying to have a girl like you, and i think a lot of women would love to have your courage to post pictures like this!

I can already hear the crowd yelling: 'we want more, we want more...'

}}

I doubt it! Aww!

Awwwww! Thank you!

{{:

Very cute! I often like to pee through my panties in the toilet too, when I want to have a bit of fun and not make too much of a mess

}}

Thank you! So do I!

{{:

Want a "barbie-doll girlfriend"? I'd choose personality over all that any day (indeed, I did!), but maybe it's just me.

(oops, sorry, must've got carried away to post it three times before I'd even finished typinh...!)

Anyway, I was hoping to add that I can't imagine looks alone being the basis of a rewarding relationship, not that I find 'thin' especially attractive anyway.

}}

I don't know, I must know really terrible guys then! I think that too, but the guys I know don't..

*044*2015-02-04 18:31

{{:

Oh my god Dx

I haven't peed on a toilet normally in ages. I always leave my panties on now. I seriously love the wet feeling. Love it!

}}

Is that a good oh my god?

Hehehehehe I do it a lot!

{{:

Wetting panties (or briefs) is definitely thrilling and inexpensive, and I love to read about girls doing it. Keeping panties on after wetting them is certainly naughty and provides a constant reminder of having wet them. I myself am more inclined to wet pullup diapers, since they retain more pee than briefs, stay warm longer, help me avoid getting my furniture wet, and prevent public embarrassment. Too bad the good pullups are so expensive. Some people like to wear and wet their panties inside diapers, thus combining the wet-panty feeling with avoiding obvious wetness -- but this solution risks exposure if the panties wick wetness to the non-waterproof sides of the pullup.

Has anyone tried wearing plastic pants over wet panties? The non-crinkly PUL pants would be best for avoiding noise, but I've had problems with two different brands leaking. Maybe I should try wearing truly waterproof plastic pants over my briefs when I wet them or after I have sat on the toilet or stood in the shower and wet them.

P.S. I put on a pair of black women's panties, sat on the toilet, and wet them. I was pointed up and made a nice little fountain of pee. (Sorry, but I didn't have my phone for pics.) I then put on black PUL pants and am wearing them under jeans. I'll keep them on all day and report the results, but I can already report that the wet panties feel cool on my bottom.

P.P.S. An hour later, and the bottom of my jeans is damp, despite the PUL pants. In fact, there's so little moisture in a pair of wet panties that the failure of the PUL pants to contain it makes the pants virtually useless. What a disappointing product!

}}

Oooooooh that sounds lovely ;)

*047*2015-02-04 22:12

{{:

Thanks for sharing. I hope you share more because I certainly see nothing to complain about. Looks and sounds great.

}}

Awwww thank you!!!

{{:

Yes, it has been. I've wet my panties four times now, pulling up the PUL pants afterwards each time. I'm afraid I stink a bit, and my jeans are damp. I'm tempted to wet my panties a fifth time, but with the PUL pants in place.

What do you do about the odor of wet pants that you've worn all day?

}}

I wouldn't really know, I've never worn wet pants all day!

