Loki Lost It

Author: KayLeigh

*000*2012-08-17 20:15

Okay, so it all began when we were taking a shower...

I was pressing lightly on Loki's bladder, watching him clench his eyes shut and shudder, clearly needing to go somewhat... Then I had an idea.

What if I gave him a double edged sword?

"Hey Loki, you have two options," I smiled slyly, "If you want to go now, you can, or I'll make you lose it."

"I'll lose it..." he smiled at me.

Usually while we're in the shower, I pressure his bladder to breaking point and watch as he loses his control all over me and the floor of the shower.

Today I had a different idea.

"Okiedokie, but you can't go until I tell you." I giggled.

"What's that meant to mean...?" he eyed me suspiciously.

"Well, you may not necessarily be going while we're in the shower, hun."

He grimaced at me, "I am not wetting."

"Oh yes you are." I grinned.

He sighed and rolled his eyes, "At least your housemate is gone for the night."

So we finished our shower, and got ourselves hot chocolate, then went to the bedroom.

After lying in bed for some time, I started pressing his bladder again.

At first it didn't bother him too much, so I requested he get himself a glass of cola, after which I wouldn't let him lie down.

He sat on the edge of my bed as I proceeded to pressure his bladder again.

After a few minutes of this, he bent forward and began to moan, "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Not here, not now, not in these clothes, and not in your bed, baby..."

"Something the matter?" I asked teasingly.

"Yeah honey, if you don't stop-" he bent forward and grabbed himself, then muttered through gritted teeth, "I'm going to lose it..."

"Well then," I stated, "you'd better get changed."

He begrudgingly got up , holding himself tightly, and changed the pants he was wearing.

"Can you make it to the bathroom?" I smiled.

"I... Think so..." he mumbled.

We walked into the bathroom, turning on the light and closing the door.

"Now... What...?" he asked, grabbing himself and bending forward.

I took a step toward him and pressed on his bladder.

He fell forward, almost dropping to his knees.

"You can't do that baby... I'll lose it... I can feel it."

"Let go of yourself." I smiled, listening to his groans.

"How are we... Going to do this...?" he asked, his breathing labored.

"Well, I suppose you better get in the shower..." I shrugged.

"But I'm in my clothes!" he almost squealed.

"Yeah, so?" I raised an eyebrow.

He dipped his head and stepped into the shower, twitching uncontrollably.

"Stand still." I demanded.

He ran his hands through his hair quickly, muttering curses to himself.

All of a sudden, he shuddered and clenched his eyes shut, mumbling "Well, there goes a spurt..." and awkwardly laughing.

"Oh you're so going to lose it.." I grinned.

Seconds later, he exclaimed "Fuuuuck."

A pouring sound could be heard, and I watched as the urine cascaded down his pant legs, leaving dark trails in its wake.

It pooled around his feet, slowly gurgling down the drain.

"How was that?" I asked, grinning to myself, and rubbing my arm.

"Nice..." he admitted quietly, then looked up at me and smiled.

Now to wash his clothes...

*005*2012-08-19 18:32

Grey cotton boxers ^^

