Haunted house wettings

Author: stevem

*000*2013-10-13 16:28

My wife & I took our daughter & her friend to a haunted house last night. The first thing we see as we pulled into the parking lot was a group of girls (mid teens) with two adult women walking to their car. One of the women had clearly wet her pants. We were listening to them talk and one of the girls was saying how she was so scared she peed. Her friend said not as scared my mom, look how much she peed.

There was a long line and we waited for a while. My daughter was freaking out so we ended up leaving. We were talking to someone there and they claim they get 15-20 people to piss themselves each night, half of them are adult women. I only saw the one, but did hear lots of people say they peed.

Has anyone else seen or heard about this? I'm going back with my wife next week. Hopefully I'll see some good sights and I'm 100% sure my wife will need to bring a change of pants.

*009*2013-10-23 11:50

I went back again Saturday. Just about half the people coming out into the parking lot were talking about how they almost peed or did pee a little. The best part of the night was when a couple of the cast waited for the right victim to use the porto potty. One girl in plain clothes stood back waiting for the right person and the other waiting by behind the potty. A group of 4 girls came out with a mom about 35. Mom saying how scared she was and how she peed a little. She said she really needs the bathroom. The watch girl signaled to chain saw guy and out he came. It was the absolute best thing I've seen in a while. Not only did mom completely pee herself, but a few other people did also. There were 10-15 people there and at least 4 of them peed. The cast were laughing about it saying how they do it a couple times a night and how they like making grown women wet themselves.

*010*2013-10-23 12:16

Here's a few haunted house wetting pics I found.

ScreenShot097.bmp

ScreenShot098.bmp

ScreenShot099.bmp

