My first pee challenge

Author: Unknown13

*000*2013-01-09 04:47

Accident Wetting

*001*2013-01-09 05:02

Ignore the first post. I honestly have no idea what I'm doing since this is my first post here. I hope no one gets mad at me! I don't contribute here much, I've only done it once before. This time I thought I'd do it again with a little more effort. I read the story Kimoko takes a desperation challenge, and decided to follow the link and do it myself. I couldn't do exactly what the poll wanted because I was limited on time and resources. But I made up for it by challenging myself further by drinking twice as much water and waiting twice as long. Before I get into it, if anyone cares here's a quick description: I'm about 5'11, average athlete build. I play golf basketball and track, so I'm not the macho buff athlete type but I have a good body. I'm a decent looking guy with a Justin beiber haircut. (Make fun all you want lol). I couldn't risk wetting myself completely, so before I started I put on some briefs under my boxers and shorts.

Also, I've been making makeshift diapers for years by folding toilet tissue and putting it in my briefs. So I did a couple of layers of toilet tissue. I won't go through each challenge since I had to make adjustments of my own, and I also hope this intrigues you enough to check it out for yourself. But by the 3rd or fourth challenge I had leaked twice and taken off my boxers and shorts. There was eventually a challenge where you had to press on your bladder for 10 seconds, every five minutes for thirty minutes. This one was killer! I leaked through the toilet paper on this one to create a visible wet patch. I drank more water and did a few more challenges.

I finished the main poll, and decided to go further because I wanted an accident. I watched the rain video and did the bladder pushing again after drinking 750 ml. Eventually the dam broke and I felt it coming out. I wet myself on my way to the toilet. I got to the toilet as it leaked down my legs and made a small puddle on the floor. Then I stood over the toilet and finished what was left. I also let out more once in the shower. In fact, my bladder still feels full and I'm terrified I'm going to wet the bed! Haha i pray I don't. I took a few pictures that I'd love to show people, but I can't figure out how to post them here through my iPhone. If you want to see them feel free to email me, because I'd love to share. Post your email in this thread or mesSage me for mine if possible.

