Classroom Desperation

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-01-20 14:29

This is a true story about the best female desperation that I have ever witnessed, when I was in school aged 18. It involves a girl I was pretty good friends with named Beth. She was short but very cute, with long brown hair, brown eyes and a great body.

It was about 1.30pm, just after our 1 hour lunch break. We had a 10 minute session before afternoon lessons started, where our teacher, Miss Jones, took a register (roll call) of who was present. I had just taken my seat in the classroom when Beth walked in, looking very flustered and tense. Taking quick, short steps, she sat down on the stool beside me, immediately crossing her legs extremely tightly. Miss Jones was waiting for students to stop talking so she could take the register, and as the classroom got quieter I could hear Beth occasionally moaning under her breath. I glanced down at her legs and noticed that she had uncrossed them, and was now squeezing her thighs together so hard she was almost shaking with the effort, rubbing the palms of her hands up and down her tight-fitting school uniform skirt. It was clear she was absolutely desperate to pee.

‘Come on, come on’ I heard her whisper, just loud enough for me to hear, as our teacher continued to wait for silence. I leaned closer to her and whispered ‘Are you OK?’. She turned to me, and I’ll never forget the look of complete desperation in her eyes. ‘No, I’m actually gonna wee myself’, she whispered back. Her voice sounded strained, showing the huge effort she was making to keep her underwear dry. She gave another little gasp, and bit her lip. I was about to ask her why she didn’t go during lunch break, but at that point Miss Jones began to read out names. 

When Beth’s name was called, she answered quietly, but the urgency in her voice was clear. ‘Here Miss’, she said, and moaned under her breath. She was fidgeting now, jiggling her knees around while still trying to be discreet. I glanced down and realised that the top of her skirt was undone, probably to relieve some of the pressure of her bursting bladder. I suddenly realised that I was the only other person in the room who knew the agony Beth was going through. Nobody else knew just how badly she wanted to pee.

Just then, someone at the back of the class started laughing, and Miss Jones stopped calling out names. This was a cue for the rest of the class to start talking amongst themselves. This was bad news for Beth, who knew that there was no way she could ask permission to go to the bathroom until after the register. ‘Oh, hurry up pleasssssssseeeee’. I heard her whine softly, and I saw her hands pressing down into her lap. She clearly wanted to push them into her crotch, and I’m guessing that if I hadn’t been sitting next to her, she probably would have done. She was still biting her lower lip, and was staring at the teacher with pleading eyes, silently willing her to continue on with the register.

After a minute, which probably felt more like an hour for Beth, Miss Jones continued reading out names. ‘So why didn’t you go at lunch?’ I finally asked. Beth turned to me, her face a picture of urgency and concentration, and whispered back. ‘I was on prefect duty all lunchtime. I was bursting but there was nobody to cover for me, so I just had to wait.’ She moaned quietly, and recrossed her legs before continuing. She also glanced at Miss Jones, who was nearing the end of the register. ‘So just after lunchtime ended I rushed to the loos down the corridor from here, but there was a queue, there always is.’ She shuddered and gripped her thigh tightly. 

‘I waited until I was next in the queue, the whole time thinking I was about to wet myself any second, but just before I could get in the loo fucking Mrs Percival came by and shouted at us to stop hanging around the toilets and get to class’. Mrs Percival was our scary headmistress. I was surprised when Beth swore, as normally she was the quiet, shy type. ‘So I had no choice to come straight here, and now I’m like two seconds away from weeing all over my seat.’ Uncrossing her legs, she turned back to Miss Jones, who by now was just a few names from completing the list.

Just then, somebody’s ringtone started playing from somewhere behind us. The whole class turned around to see whose phone it was, and Miss Jones stopped the register, by now only two names from the end. ‘No..’ I heard Beth mutter under her breath. I glanced at her and saw she was squeezing together her thighs again, bouncing her knees and tapping her feet quietly on the floor. She was sat up completely straight now, her face bright red with embarrassment, eyes totally fixed on Miss Jones, willing her to finish the register.

Both hands were resting flat against her quivering thighs, but as I watched, she sneaked her right hand upwards, and sure enough, forced it into the crotch of her tight school skirt. I couldn’t believe this quiet, shy teenage girl was willing to do this in full view of everyone in the room. She was surely only moments away from completely soaking herself, and it was unlikely her panties were completely dry. ‘Come on, come on, come on.’ She chanted under her breath, still focused on Miss Jones. She moaned again, took her hands from her skirt and gripped her chair tightly, grinding herself against the hard wood, squirming, doing anything she could to stop her pee escaping her tortured bladder.

‘Can I finish the register now? Thank you’ Miss Jones finally said, and called out the final two names. At that moment, two things happened. First, the whole class started to talk loudly amongst themselves. Second, Beth got up from her seat and hurried to the front of the room, taking small, mincing steps, trying to cross her thighs as she walked. Nobody seemed to have noticed just how badly she had to go, apart from me that is.

Beth walked up to Miss Jones, and although I was too far away to catch the conversation, I could clearly see Beth squirming around, her legs all over the place, her hands darting and gesturing. I thought I caught Miss Jones saying ‘I’m not really supposed to let you go’, but Beth was practically begging now, clearly about to finally lose the fight with her bladder. She crossed her legs, bounced up and down on her toes, and gripped the front of her skirt with both hands, pleading, with tears in her eyes, to be allowed to relieve herself. We had two more hour-long lessons before the end of the day, and if Miss Jones didn’t let Beth go, I had no idea what she would do.

At long last, Miss Jones gave in, and finally handed Beth the keys to the toilets, as they’d be locked by now, and Beth darted out of the room. I could only imagine her hurrying the few feet down the corridor to the toilets, frantically struggling with the lock with one hand, unzipping her skirt with the other, fighting to hold for just two seconds more, before rushing into the nearest cubicle, tearing down her skirt and panties, and finally releasing her pee in a long, gushing stream.

She came back into the room a few minutes later, still red with embarrassment but much more relaxed. She handed Miss Jones back the keys, thanked her, and sat back down beside me with a big smile on her face. ‘Oh my God… the relief, I’ve never felt anything so good.’

*003*2014-01-22 19:43

{{: 

Thanks for sharing, this is really hot! And the situation was quite special, as the toilets were locked and she had to ask for the key! So, just leaving without permission (in case if denied) was not an option. Would have been very intersting to see how she would have solved the problem, if the teacher would have refused to give the key to her!!

}}

I forgot to mention, there was another girl who did just that, while the class was still talking before the register started. The teacher shouted at her but she ignored her, only to come back in a few seconds later looking frustrated, so she was clearly in need of a pee but couldn't get into the toilets. When Beth finally got the keys and left the room, this other girl literally ran out after her to the loo.

