A (very) wet evening and a question

Author: wetaccident

*000*2015-05-29 19:54

This occurred earlier this week but I'm just now getting around to writing about it. I describe the experience below which I hope is enjoyable (I'm new to writing about this!) and then a question at the end for you efficient types who just like to cut to the chase.

So here goes:

I wasn't planning on doing a hold/wetting but I found myself overtaken by events :). As I was leaving work for the evening I felt a slight urge to go but in a hurry to beat traffic I decided to put it off. My commute isn't too bad so I knew it wouldn't be an issue during the drive home. By the time I arrived at my apartment, maybe 45 minutes or so later, the urge was still there. After I got in and got settled, I got distracted doing some email and then generally mucking about online. I still had to go, obviously, but at this point there was no real phyisical manifestation of that just a mental acknowledgement. Eventually, I drifted into watching vidoes and reading a few things on here.

Still not really thinking of wetting I did decide to enjoy the hold. I grabbed a large bottle of water and lay down on my bed to relax and continue my online meandering. Lying on my back with the laptop on my chest I began to feel the occassional urge. Initially, I just had to tighten my legs a litte bit to fight it off. As things progressed this became a more pronounced squirming. Waggling my legs back and forth and occasionaly pressing my crotch with my hand, I finished off the last of my water. The water had its intended effect and my need continued to increase.

Not feeling like getting up yet I flopped over on my stomach, continuing to play on my laptop. Still squirming and fidgeting about I had to press my penis into my mattress to hold on. This became more and more frequent and my squriming got more and more intense. Soon, a squirt felt like it was going to come out but I squirmed tightly, pressing down on the mattress, and slipped a hand underneath to hold myself briefly. This kept on awhile with my antics becoming more pronounced and the need to hold myself becoming more frequent. Soon, a small squirt seeped out despite my best efforts, wetting the front of my underwear.

Realizing that if I kept on like this there was a good possibility of a significant wetting and not wanting to damage the mattress I stood up to move over to my desk. Standing up caused a strong urge to come over me and I had to hold my laptop one handed and grab myself with the other to keep everything in check but I managed to escape without further damage. Getting the laptop USB cables and external monitor plugged in at the desk was a bit of a challenge as I was doing a pee dance to try and keep control and occassionally pinching at my penis with one hand. Sitting down eased things a bit but frequent urges caused me to open and close my legs and press on my crotch with my hand, squirming. Still not wanting to get up and go I figured I could hold on awhile longer even though the constant fidgeting should have made it obvious this wasn't true.

A brief squirt came out and then a longer one. Grabbing my penis I could feel wetness under my hand so I knew it had soaked through. I continued to hold on though. After every release I'd feel a bit better and not need to hold or fidget for a brief period until the next wave of depseration came over me. I'd grab myself, holding on tight and shove around in the chair, squirming and still trying to focus on the video I was watching. More and more often though a wave a desperation would result in a spurt of pee soaking into my pants and the spurts were not minor.

Still holdng, the wet spot was platter sized, much larger than the hand I was using to try and keep control. I could see the dark wet area soaking up toward my waistband and down into my crotch, just starting to spread down the thighs. When I took my hand away I could see pee glisten in the area I was holding. Leaking more and more frequently, I clutched myself as hard as I could, pressing my legs together with the urges but still feeling the warmth begin to soak down into my crotch and butt. Even this continued on for some minutes, the wetness continuing to spread even as I tried to control the leaks. Eventually I reached the end of the video I was watching and stood up to go to the bathroom. Stepping into the tub I let go and starting peeing my pants full force. With a river running down my legs, I could hear the hissing sound as the pee drilled into my underewar and jeans.

I'm not sure how long I stood there until I felt empty but it was wondeful feeling the release and relief.

###

My question for folks is do you do a slow release wetting like this or more often the full on wetting when the desperation becomes too much? It was unusual for me to to do that full release in the shower that I described above (must have been inspired by stories on here!). My usual MO is to do a slow release, soaking my pants, until some point I decide either to get up and pee in the bathroom or change into a diaper and continue to wet that but without trying to hold on. The point is to find the relief in whatever form as the holding has reached a point I cannot or no longer wish to control it.

Judging from stories I've read most people seem to prefer the full on wetting rather than a slow release and certainly it's the rare video that shows a gradual wetting while trying to hold on. I'm not sure why this difference in desires or behaviors exists. Anyone else care to share an experience along these lines

