Embarrassing night

Author: orcslayer

*000*2015-11-26 00:49

Last night i got off work early and decided to go see the new james bond movie. i got popcorn and a large root beer and took my seat just as the movie started. there weren't too many people in the theater so no one was sitting directly next to me.

I was so thirsty because i hadn't had anything to drink in a couple hours and chugged my root beer in like 5 minutes. that's when i noticed i had to pee. i really had to pee. but since the movie had just started i didn't want to get up. the next hour was agony. my bladder hurt and i discreetly loosened my belt and took off my jacket to place over my lap so i could hold myself under it. Crossing my legs and bouncing wasn't cutting it anymore and I didn't think I could make it to the end of the movie. I was also really turned on and feeling naughty so I decided to let little spurts out to relieve the pressure and the seat cushion could soak it up.

I relaxed and immediately started trickling into my pants. It felt so good and I relaxed further, letting out a bigger spurt that flowed down to pool beneath my ass. With some difficulty I cut off the flow and crossed my legs again, resuming my desperate squirming.

Over the next 15 or so minutes I continued to let out controlled spurts. My plan was working perfectly. The seat cushion was soaking up my pee and since I was sitting it was all pooling around my ass and not going down my legs, so I could easily cover the stain with my jacket when I left.

After another hour the pressure that I had alleviated before had returned and gotten worse. So I let out another quick spurt. This time I had a lot of difficulty cutting off the stream and I squeezed myself hard to stop. After a few seconds it slowed to a trickle. The warm wetness felt so good against my hand and enveloping my butt. I decided to let out more. I relaxed a tiny bit and a sudden forceful jet shot out into my pantleg. I panicked and tried to cut off the flow or at least slow it down, but for some reason I couldn't, it was totally out of control.

I was full-force wetting myself. Suddenly I heard it- a loud splattering sound coming from beneath my seat. Oh shit. The seat cushion had apparently reached its absorbance limit and pee was flowing freely onto the ground, a puddle slowly spreading out under me. I was absolutely mortified and felt my face turn hot. I glanced around and saw a few people looking at me. And I was still peeing. I just couldn't stop at this point so I completely relaxed and enjoyed the feeling of relief that overcame me before snapping back to reality and feeling embarrassed and shocked.

As soon as I was done, the movie ended and people left. I waited till almost everyone was gone before getting up. My plan of covering my wet stains with my jacket wouldn't work now because i was soaked front and back down to my knees. Luckily I was wearing dark blue jeans so it wouldn't be too noticable. Or so I hoped. I pulled my jacket down and far as I could, holding my empty popcorn bag in front of my legs, and made a run for the side exit. Outside it was dark and there weren't many people on the street since it was almost midnight.

I walked back to my house trying to comprehend what had just happened. For some reason I felt the urge to pee again so I just let it flow down my legs as I walked.

