Rainy day

Author: Barry

*000*2016-05-23 23:49

It rained a hell of a lot on Saturday, high winds, cold front, rain coming down sideways and the like. I did have plans to do some gardening and catch up with some friends before going out for dinner with the family, but it turned into a lazy day instead. So lazy, that I didn't even get dressed until late afternoon.

I've got a footed onesie. I don't like sleeping in it, but I love lounging around the house in it. I have no problem wearing it in front of my wife and kids at all. In fact, my wife bought it for me when she got the kids some as well. It's a green camouflage pattern.

So I got up on Saturday morning about 6:30, and put it on. My two eldest adult kids were at work on early starts, as was my wife, leaving me with my two teenage daughters.

As usual, I had a couple of coffees, then went for a shower about 8 o'clock, and wet myself in a pair of grey briefs in the shower first. I didn't masturbate or anything, just enjoyed wetting myself in the shower.

But it did put me in the mood for some naughty fun later.

It was my wife's birthday, and she was home before lunchtime, and took the two kids with her too her sisters place for lunch. I didn't go, as we were all going out for dinner Saturday night.

After my shower, I had another coffee, but by 11:00 I decided I was going to have a beer and settle in to watch the football. I wasn't planning on getting drunk, as we were going out after, but I figured a few beers wouldn't hurt. Wife came home, got changed, took the kids, and was gone by 12:30, leaving me home alone, drinking beer in my onesie on a miserable day.

I knocked back 4 beers by 1:30, and decided I should slow down, as I was starting to feel a bit tipsy. I also hadn't peed since my 8:00 o'clock shower. I wasn't truly desperate, but the beer was doing its thing and I needed to go.

I went outside for a smoke, and sat at our outside table. The rain was blowing in under the patio roof, and the chair I sat in was still dry, but the ground was wet right up to it. I opened beer number 5, and sat down and logged on here with my phone. After a few minutes, I felt my feet getting wet. I'd stretched my legs out to far, and my feet had found the wet puddle on the cement. I heaved a sigh. This meant I'd have to take my onesie off and wash it. I couldn't walk through the house with wet feet.

But as I was reading the threads here, the beer, the cold wind, the rain, and my cold wet feet started to do a number on my need to pee. Suddenly, it was intense. I was still in complete control, but was starting to shift about uncomfortably, and found myself giving my genitals a squeeze without even thinking about it. The omo stories I was reading inspired me to just take advantage of the situation.

I'd like to turn this into a super long, drawn out tale of desperation and eventual accidental wetting, but I can't. It was a deliberate one instead.

I started by relaxing my bladder muscles for a count of ten. I only got to five before I started leaking, and I felt a hot trickle of pee escape, running down over my shaft and tickling my balls, before soaking my satin boxer shorts. I kept peeing until I counted to ten, then just managed to cut the flow off.

But that was enough. I had really soaked the backside of my boxers, and by cutting off the flow mid stream, I was now unbelievably desperate. As soon as I relaxed even slightly, a steady stream would flow out, and within seconds I had a steady trickle running from my butt, through the fabric of my boxers and onesie, and dripping onto the concrete under my chair, where it mixed in with the rain puddles.

I emptied about half of my now straining bladder, then stopped. I lit another cigarette, and sat there for another 10 minutes or so, until I'd finished my beer.

By then I was starting to feel cold, so I took advantage of a break in the rain, and stood in the deepest puddle I could find, with the water being ankle deep, and fully soaking the built in feet of my onesie.

I then just let go completely. Hot pee poured down my legs, and I had a steady trickle falling from my crotch, and making splashes in the puddle I was standing in.

It warmed me up a bit, so I spent a while longer just hanging around in my soaked onesie until again I started to get cold.

Our laundry door opens to the outside area, so I was able to just step inside onto a towel, strip off naked, and put my wet things straight into the washing machine.

I had another quick shower, then, laying on my bed, I was able to indulge myself with some playtime as I thought about what a naughty boy I was.

Rainy days can be fun!

*002*2016-05-24 01:29

{{1 hour ago, Missypee said:

Yes rainy days can be fun, although I spent horrible Saturday in bed diapered with the flu. I still managed to overflow my diaper and wet my bed anyway. I hope you didn't get too much damage from the storm

}}

No thankfully, we were lucky. A small fig tree blew over, but that was all. Was bloody glad I decided to flip the trampoline over on Friday night though!

Hope you're feeling better now?

