Wetting stories from women forum

Author: myaso2005

*000*2012-01-26 23:12

Hi,

I'm not sure if I have to post it here or in fanfiction section, but because I suppose that most of the stories that are written were true I leave it here. Anyway, I found those on a Russian women forum,where a woman wrote that she wet herself and asked "if it happend to anyone else" (actually there were about 2-3 another topics like that) so there were some replies. So I translated them into English the best I could (my English is not perfect as you can see). There were some that pooped themself, but I won't post it (I can if you want to).

The first post that started it all:

Yesterday I was travelling in minibus and I really needed to have a pee. Moreover, we got stuck in a traffick jam, though it was not too big. I have got to the elevator at my house and then a terrible thing happend: suddenly it began leaking!I'm shocked!And I'm 25 :(((((. I thought that adult person can't wet oneself. Now, I'm scarred to be far from home. Have such a thing happend to you?

###

I also peed my pants ))))), I was very young then and was out with a boy, I began feeling a need to pee, but was too ashamed to admit it. Therefore I started to say goodbye and wet myself. Quickly got into taxi and went home )))). Luckily, he didn't understand anything, but I left the seat in the taxi wet. So don't worry to much, a bigger things can happen.

###

When I was 24, I dreamed that I'm on a bowl, I waked up from the feeling that I was peeing...And the other day I was planning to go on buisness trip by train so my dad was kidding and said:"Don't sleep above your boss, so you won't pee on him". Four years have passed and the incident didn't repeat itself. Don't worry.

###

Actually I don't believe the next one is true,but anyway...

Once, when I was at my friend's (girl) , I was laughing and I farted. Her brother heard it. Then it became even funnier to me and I wet myself.

###

It's ok, once when I was one of my first dates with my husband I made a huge puddle on the bed,he tired me out with sex so I slept like a log and before it I had drunk a lot. Off course, he neighed,a bastard. And many wet oneself in the elevator, especially if it's stuck.

This is it it for now.Should I continue?

*002*2012-01-27 14:17

{{ 

Is that from a support site about incontinence? Or a fetish website? Because if these are women who aren't proud or are very embarrassed about it, I'm sure they would not like to see people on another website getting off on it and exposing them.

}}

No,I wrote it just a regular women site with some "yellow rumors",news and so on. Also it has a forum,where they share their life experiences. Anyway,the forum is not closed,you can read everything you want,so I suppose that it's nothing "criminal'.

