Warm pee in cold day

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-07-29 17:55

Today it was really cold day. Outside temperature was about 13 celsius and raining. I was alone at home, I had jumper over my tshirt, two leggins and I was still cold. When nothing was helping me to warm me, I opened the wardrobe and find snowpants and winter jacket. I took them over my two leggins, tshirt and jumper and went to bed. I finally felt warm.

As I was laying in there, I started to need to pee. Even if it gets warmer, I didn't wanted to get out of the bed. During the time, the temperature gets higher and I started to feel really hot, so I started to swelter a bit. I have to admit, I really like when its really warm arround my body so I'm sweltering. I was just laying there, in two leggins, snowpants. thisrt, jumper, winter jacket and tree pairs of cotton socks in bed, under my featherbed. I felt wet sweat in my crotch and armpits, but I was enjoying a bit, as I war really warm.

Then my bladder started to calling. I decided to hold in until I will get out of the bed ad went to the toilet. As the time was passing, I was still holding, crosing my legs, rubbling my crotch, shaking myself and stayling like "I will hold it for few more minutes, then I will go to the toilet". When my bladder started to hurts, the omo part of me waked up and I let bit flow into my pants. Even if pee is usually warm, I felt that the pee was cooling my crotch (I was so warm :D ). I turned and let some pee leaks again. My crotch was completely wet. I finally get put pf the bed and I went immediatly to the mirror to look. I was dry from outside.

I started to feel hungry, so I wen to kitchen to make lunch. When I was cooking pasta, my bladder started to pain again. A just let it flow. I felt the warm piss leaking out, but it didn't wanted to go down to the knees. It takes longer way than usuall. I look at the snowpants, they were still dry. I continued cooking. When I walked, I felt snowpants gets hevier. They propably were full of pee. After the lunch, I went to do some of houseworks. As I was still in the winter clothes, I was still thirsty and I was still drinking. This resulted in two peeings in my snowpants. Before the dinner, I started to need to poo and pee together. I let the pee leaks out. My snowpants were really heavy now. As I was having dinner, I couldn't hold tme poo anymore, so I shitted. It felt so good, as I was jumping in chair and the shit smeared all the way around. Now, I'm holding another pee, still clothed in winter clothes and browsing omorashi.

*007*2015-07-30 15:13

To finish the story...

While after I finished writing this, It started raining outside. Firts I didn't mind, but as the rain was increasing and by desperation was getting bigger, I went out. Still keeping the winter clothes just, just I took wellies. It was raining realy strongly. Normally, I will be instantly completely wet and cold, but thanks to the winter clothes, I was still "dry" (except my pants :D ) and warm. I was playing in the rain runing throught the puddles and enjoying it. As the time went past, I felt my clothes was getting heavy and it wasn't as warm as when I left the house. Then I needed to pee. The need was strong.

Normally, I could hold it for more time, but as today I lost control twice, my bladder was weak and I felt I will pee again in a while. I sit on hte ground and started peeing. Again, the awesome feeling of warm piss in my pants. When I stand up, I touched my pant's ass, how it's wet. I was expecting that after so many peeings and some of the while sitting it will be wet throught, and it was. I started to need to shit really bad, so I ended it.

(warning, folowing parts can contain extreme messing)

I went to bathroom to clean it up. I took down my winter clothes, jumper and now I had only t-shirt and two leggins (white and black ones over them). When I took the black down, I sawed what happend. Leggins weren't white. They were till underknee completely brown. As I discovered, It wasn't normal shit, it was extreme diarrhea. I was wondering why I needed to poo when I was out, even if I pooped a while ago. As I was standing in there and looking at it, I felt another diarrhea is going to came out. I quickly sit on the toilet and let it all go.

When I stand up, I discovered I did it so fast I forgot to took the leggins down. I was standing in there, with leggins full of diarrhea going down my legs. I quickly jumped into bathtub not to make any mess around. As I jumped in, I slipped and fell on ass, which resulted in smearing the poo all the ways into my leggins. I look around the bathroom and when I saw there wasn't any mess, I calmed down and started to enjoy it again. I turn on hot water and started to filling the bathtub.

As I was waiting, I started playing with my pussy. I started fingering myself. When the water level was about in height of middle of my pussy, I get an orgasm. I get my hand out of my leggins and it was completely covered in messes. I wipe it over my leggins and started fingering again. When the bathtub was almost full and the water lavel was at my boobs, I get third orgasm. I stopped and looked at the water. It was quite brown. When I noticed it, it throwed me back to the reality. I was bathing in my own messes. I quickly poured the water out and pulled down my clothes. When I was naked, I looked down and it looked like if I had brown pant's. Whole my legs, ass, pussy, all the parts of my body which were in my leggind were covered in messes. I washed all up, all clothed cleaned in washing machine (except the "white" leggins, I rather throwed them away, it was better to buy a new ones that cleaning these) and went to the bed.

As now I'm thinking about it, it was quite awesome experience.

