Wife's accident

Author: AnonymousIsLegion

*000*2011-09-24 14:11

This is just one of the many spillages my wife has had in the 6 years we've known each other. I've sort of dramatised it to make it more interesting. This one is particularly fascinating since she panicked herself into wetting, a phenomenon not unknown here. To give you an idea of what she looks like, she's Japanese, about 1.6 metres with bright green eyes and bright red hair and an ultra-cute face. All in all, extremely sexy.

"Come on, Kimiko-chan, it's been 10 minutes."

"I'm coming!"

"You told me that 5 minutes ago."

"I really am!"

"Look, we have to be there in an hour. You know what the traffic's like. Last time it took an hour and a..."

(My wife Kimiko finally appears in a white shirt, a sexy black miniskirt with tights and a pair of high heels.)

"I'm sorry, John-san, the little ones just wouldn't go to sleep."

(If she called me -chan I'd punch her in the face. XD)

"I'm just a bit on edge."

(Kimiko smiles at me. She's irresistibly cute.)

"Come on."

(We walk out of our tiny flat, get in the lift and go down to ground level. I unlock my rusty old truck and get in. She gets in the other side. We close the doors, and I start the ignition.)

"Did you use the bathroom before you left?"

(She giggles.)

"John-san! I'm not going to pee my panties again! You've got me and the little ones mixed up."

"But did you?"

"No!"

"Why?"

"I didn't have time! You were yelling at me!"

(We leave the car park and turn onto the post-rush-hour-but-still-congested street.)

"Sorry. Well, we're not going to stop this time. It's a bad impression to the medical school if I turn up late for 2 events in a row."

(My medical school community holds occasional dinners etc. Last time she stopped for coffee and we were half an hour late.)

"What about me? What if I do wet myself?"

"Then you'll know to go before you leave."

"John-san!"

"Sorry. Look, if you literally can't hold it any more, I'll stop."

"That's better..."

(She looks at me with slight derision.)

"What are we doing talking about pee? We're supposed to be mature!"

"You brought it up, John-san."

"Well, I'll end it right now."

(We then have one of our usual discussions, which involves me going on at great length about the Palestine problem, the wrongs of communism and the merits of pickled herrings while she sits rather puzzled. It's an interesting experience being married to someone considerably less intelligent than you are - you either have to explain everything meticulously or turn into Marvin the Paranoid Android and moan about how intellectually unchallenging everything is. That's right, I read "The Hitch-hiker's Guide to the Galaxy" as a child and have been enthralled ever since.)

(Fast-forward 30 minutes. Kimiko is starting to squirm. Her bright green eyes are showing considerable distress. My pinkish chodes are trying not to show considerable arousal.)

"John-san?"

"What?"

"I, um, need the bathroom."

"Well, that's a drop from the drug problem in Mexico! How badly?"

"Um, I couldn't really follow the Mexico thing, and very badly."

"How bad is very badly, on a scale of 1-1337?"

(She giggles at the reference. You can't play games as long as she has without encountering it. I encountered it elsewhere.)

"I guess about 1200."

(Women often overstate how desperate they are, so I didn't think it was that bad. I decided to launch a cunning ruse.)

"Look, I'll give you control of the TV tomorrow if you hold it until we're there."

"Mmm...no."

"How about the next 3 days?"

(She likes very different things to me, as is often true with married couples. She can't bear anything with graphic violence/nudity, which is almost totally at odds with my preferences.)

"Mmm...(she starts to remind me of Mmmmorshu) what happens if I pee myself?"

"You still get control of the TV. I just don't want to be late again."

"I mean, I'm not going to pee myself, but...OK, you're on."

(Fast-forward 15 minutes. She's stuffed her hands into her crotch. I'm wishing I'd brought a hat. Her eyes are looking quite frightened now.)

"Can we call this off?"

"Call what off?"

"The pee thing."

"Why?"

"I-I...don't think I can...make it."

"I'm sorry, Kimiko-chan, but we passed the last convenience 5 minutes ago. Unless you fancy dropping your knickers by a roadside in the dark, you'll have to hold it."

(Shock floods over her. Tears start to grow in her eyes, which are becoming very scared indeed. Her legs begin to tremble.)

"John-san, I'm going to wet myself again!"

"No, you're not. You were fine before I told you. It's all psychological."

"I don't give a s*** about psychological! I'm going to pee my panties!"

(She starts to cry. She hunches over and grips her crotch even tighter. I'm on the verge of jizzing in my pants.)

"If you panic, you will wet yourself! Calm down. Take deep breaths."

"It's coming out!"

(Presumably, she just leaked a little, because I didn't see anything.)

"It's just a leak! You can hold the rest in, if you..."

"I can't! It's coming again..."

(Another leak. A solitary drop runs down her thigh. She starts sobbing like a baby.)

"Kimiko-chan, please..."

(She shakes her head, and starts to wet herself properly. Rivers of pee run down her legs. Her skirt and tights are utterly soaked, as is the passenger seat of my truck.)

"YOU ASSHOLE!"

"There's nothing I could do..."

(She puts her head on my shoulder, making it difficult for me to steer, and carries on sobbing. A few minutes later, we arrive.)

"Stay in the car. I'll get you sorted."

"You better had!"

(I go in. My friend Hizokaru is inside.)

"Umm, Hirokazu-san, I've got an unusual problem."

"What unusual problem?"

"My dearest has had an accident."

"What kind? Broken leg?"

"Umm, no. Urinary accident."

(He laughs.)

"I was quite worried for a moment there! She's a very nice young lady. I was playing WoW with her yesterday..."

"What do you think I should do?"

"Get her some clean clothes."

"I don't have any women's clothes!"

"Well I don't either! Stop looking at me! I'm sad! I've never screwed a girl in my life!"

(We both laugh.)

"So where can I get some?"

"Well..."

(Long and short of it is, Hirokazu went round asking everyone for spare clothes saying that my wife had pissed herself. Eventually we got some, and I changed her, which excited me a lot. I didn't tell her that everyone inside knew that she'd wet herself - I let that come out extremely embarrassingly over dinner...)

What makes this interesting is that she could have easily made it if she hadn't been told to wait. This proves that psychology plays a major part in female wetting.

I now have to go to bed for an offer I can't refuse...

(You haven't lived if you haven't seen The Godfather. This means my wife hasn't lived, despite the many times I have tried to convince her to...)

*002*2011-10-03 15:03

Yes, I'm very lucky.

