Girl peed from horror game!

Author: Clodfish

*000*2015-04-22 13:25

Okay so i recently had a girl round and lets just stuff happen!

(Lets say her name is Lucy)

I felt really lucky, a girl from a sports club i go to is coming round and shes really hot as well. I had prepared everything. She had told me she likes games so i got my dim lighted lamps out, snacks and tons of pillows. Everything was prepared and around five minutes later i hear a knock on the door. I'm bit nervous even though we had been on four other dates, which all went well. As i opened the door i saw a girl way to beautiful to be coming to my place to play video game. Lucy is quite short, she has black curly hair and slim figure. She was wearing white leggings and a small light green dress like thing (very much like a dress but doesn't go down below her hips, tell me in comments whats its called!). She smiled and said hi and we went to my lounge. I decided to get us some beer before hand because horror games are a lot more fun drunk! We finished our first beer before playing and turned it on a game called outlast while we got our second beer out.

About half an hour into the game I kept on noticing that she grimaced every now and then i Thought nothing maybe she was getting bored with my turn and i handed her the controls. She smiled but sits up from her before slouched sitting position and puts her legs tight together. "Concentrating i see!" I say with a smile without realising what she was actually doing. Later into her turn Lucy stops drinking all together and she has a worried nervous smile on her face. I thought it was from fear of the game but the i notice she rubbing those tanned legs of her together while leaning forward quite a bit. I thought she was really cute sitting there squirming but i decide to mess with her!

Since she was slouching forward i pull one of my joke "smooth moves". I Put a hand on each one of her shoulders and pull them back. I say jokingly "stop slouching" and end up with my arm around her. She smiles and says "really?!" In a joking way but i can tell her inner strife! She doesn't lean forward again but rather Puts one leg other another and squeezes them tight, her face slowly turns into semi smile semi grimace. About another few minutes in and Lucy is fidgeting like crazy, occasionally leaning forward and arching her back. She bobbing up and down so much thats her boobs are actually in motion and her ass sometimes comes off the sofa!

And thats when it happen...

A jump scare induces the most feminine scream ever and she throws the controller in the air. From the scare she had completely changed her position and for a second lets her legs spread out. She straight away "fixes" her mistake and slams her legs and crossing them over. She also jams her hands right into her crotch with no shame, shes half standing up off the sofa and you can see her finger poke out on the other side of her legs, clutching her ass and making the legging much more...

Defined! Her big hazel eyes show a pained look but suddenly change to fear and panic, her faces turns bright red. A small patch on leggings start to appear and since they're white leggings its a bright yellow patch. Her fingers are now running in a frenzy of grabbing and clutching. Lucy is pretty much dancing and waving her ass up down which is both very amusing and very arousing. Another spurt happens accompanied by a "ahh!" By Lucy who is beyond embarrassing herself at this point. The spurt makes the patch grow right before my eyes, even though its still a small spot a few drips starts running onto Lucy finger. 

Since shes waving her butt up and down so much the three drops get flung into the air. Lucy is pretty much moaning at this point but still kinda of holding on. She stands up off the sofa . She has her legs still together however, shes now on her toes and ass bent, almost like shes about to squat but with her legs together. Her hands are now off her crouch but are now clenched fists that she has up to her breasts. Her face is now completely red and has a pleading expression on her face. She is now regularly spurting into her leggings and the patch has made the size of a fist. Every Time she spurts she she bends down doing that squat like movement till its stops. In a big spurt pee drips came off her ass as she bent down hitting the floor.

She stands up completely, even though her legs are still together. She starts a brisk and awkward looking walking to the bathroom. Her pee patch go's down her thighs half way to her knees and on her backside the pee went quarter way up her cheeks but had made a weird line where her crack is. I grab her hand, its moist from the pee and sweat and from her face she did not want me to know that. "Come on" i say " just finish this part its really good!" Lucy replies with "can't you just pause it?" In a impatient tone. "No you can't pause" i lie, "fine" she says in a worried way, a decision sober her wouldn't have made. I pass her the controller "no" she says "i can't ugh because" she nods to her hands clutching her crotch in her writhing legs. I slowly put my hands between her legs, making sure she okay with that. Lucy's face turns bright red again but she giggles and i pass her the controller with my other hand.

I feel her warm wetness in my hands was indescribable and smell of pee off her is overwhelming. I couldn't and start rubbing my finger up and down her- "THAT ISN'T HELPING!" She laughs as a small amount of liquid squirts into my hand. Every Now and then due to a desperation wave pr a scary bit she would lift up her legs a bit and i would be able to grope her ass a bit to. Thats when it hit me, i have my hand groping a peed pants girl vag! Then as suddenly as before Lucy let out a large girls scream as a monster popped out or something her. Suddenly her legs come crashing together, even move so than it was before actually hurting my hand. But it worth it because a large stream of warm liquid come rushing into my hand!

Lucy teared away from the sofa pee streaming down her legs and up her ass cheeks as she doe's. She turns around on the spot. She looks adorable as shes standing with her knees together and feet apart with hands practically ripping at her leggings. Shes leaning over so much i get a good view of her boobs as well! Her eyes are like beacons calling out a distress call as she looks around in fear and biting her lip so hard i'm actually worried she will break skin! Her face is glowing red as pee rapidly runs down her legs in long streams onto the floor. Lucy starts making loud moaning noises as a puddle starts forming around her bare feet. A big stream starts coming off in between her legs running of her now soaked hand making that iconic sound pee makes as it hits the floor.

It dies down to just a trickle. "I'm so sorry!" Lucy says quietly still trickling. "Don't be such a fool!" I say happily. I go and get the kitchen towel grabbing a silk handkerchief while i'm at it. I come back down and shes studying her near transparent leggings and if it wasn't for her light blue panties you would totally be able to see her vagina. She looks up and laughs gesturing to her leggings.

I laugh to "you really can hold a lot in!" I say throwing her a towel. She getting on her knees and starts rubbing the puddle, putting her ass right in the air. I pull out my silk handkerchief and start pulling down leggings "better get you clean to!" I say matter of factly. "Oh yes please" she says childishly with a new reinstated blush. She takes off her dress as i take off her leggings showing off her complete naked form. Those nice firm medium sized breasts, fine toned round butt and her currently excited shaved vagina all at once. My heart starts pounding as i put the handkerchief on her vag, separating them,i begin rubbing.

The response is almost instant her back curves and she lets out a long awaited moan. She has her hands on the wall and she tries to climb a bit high, however, i just start rubbing harder and Lucy just crumbles back to her knees again. Her clit is at its max size now and rubbing it makes her lets of a huge scream of delight. During the she starts peeing again completely soaking my hand. "God how much do you have in you!?" I say laughing "that was the last of it" she saying in between moans.

I take in a big sniff of the aroma of pee and let go of handkerchief. I start fingering her, Lucy's moans become more intense as i slowly increase the pace. I'm groping her boobs with my other hand and her nipples are stone hard and body in covered in sweat. I stick another finger in her ass which makes her move her head and squeal. I'm fingering her so quickly now that a squelching noise is being made as pussy juice flow out her and down her legs. I can tell shes on the brink of orgasm so i go even faster and Lucy's just lets out this amazing orgasmic scream and suddenly squirt gushes out of her, the clear liquid making another puddle on the floor. She collapses panting on the floor while i lean back on the sofa's foot. Slowly she gets on all fours and crawls towards me.

"Now its your turn."

*003*2015-04-22 19:51

{{ 

You are lucky

Nothing else just so much Luck

}}

This happened to my friend not me :) Bu t thanks

