Constantly wetting

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-08-22 14:00

Yesterday, I had gret wetting experience, so here it is:

I wanted to try making small peeings into my pants, big enought to don't have to go to toilet whole day, but small enought to can't be seen and dry quickly. I was wearing white t-shirt and grey knee-length leggins. I wasn't wearing panties, because when I wet just a little bit in them, the leggins are instantly wet, so I get man's boxers (they are pretty comfortable :D )

I started right after the breakfast and I made just a little pee to be wet in my crotch, but looks dry from out. After a while, when I felt it's not so wet, I made another, and another,... It was working quite well and about lunch, the leggins were still dry from outside, but my underwear was pretty wet.

But after lunch, my need was getting bigger and I started making bigger peeings and wet spot created in my crotch and was getting bigger. After about 4 hours, my underwear was completely wet and my leggins were wet almost till knees. As my need was getting bigger, I rather took on my wellies.

I didn't peed until dinner, giving it time to dry. When I started preparing it, my need was so big I peed a bit and my leggins were again wet till knees. I wanted to stay until I will go sleep, so I was continuing preparing the dinner. When my dinner was ready, I was so desperated and while I had my leggins still wet, I rather eated it standing not to wet chair. When I finished eating, I was really desperated and every step I did was really painfull for my bladder. I slowly went to kitchen and washed the dished.

When I was about in middle, I couldn't hold it anymore and I started peeing. I wasn't trying to stop it and I just let it go out. As I was expecting, my wet clothes couldn't absorb any fluid, so everything was going down my legs into my wellies. When all the pee was out, I looked at the floor. There was just a small puddle and all the rest of pee ended in my wellies. I took of my thisrt, wiped the puddle, took it back on and went to the bathroom. I wanted to spill the pee out of my wellies and clean everything up and finally go to toilet (I was holding poo some time), but then I decided to first finish the dishes.

Still with the full wellies, I returned to the kitchen and finished the dishes. I wanted to wash myself and mainly, I really needed to poop, but then somebody rang. It was my friend, she should return book I borowed her. But I was wearing wet leggins, and these ones are really good to see wet. I looked at long apron which was in kitchen. I took it on, which makes it hiding my wellies and wet leggins. I opened the doors. She said hello, gave me the book and thanked. It looks she will go away, but then she asked what I'm cooking.

"I'm making strawberry cake, I just put it in the oven." I lied. I baked it this morning, but I just said it. But now I can't go. I can't say "sorry, I have to go, my oven is working on half milion degrees and the cake is done." I'm completely idiot. We started talking about random things and I was still looking at hers watch. I really needed to poo. After ten minutes, the need was really bad and I couldn't hold it. I farted and pooped my pant's. She said that I'm farting like her dad and we started laughing. But I really needed to go, I was standing there, in pee in my wellies and wet and messy leggins. But we were still talking. After few minutes, I said I have to check the cake and she finally left. I closed the doors and relieved. I was finally alone.

I went to bathroom to clean it up. When I took down the leggins, I was already standing in bath expecting mess falling around, but it stayed in the boxers (better than panties :D btw, boys, how good does it hold diarrhea? ).

Then I cleaned it all up and take a bath, but it was great experience.

