I wet my pants in public

Author: Pdpatti

*000*2015-02-13 05:25

I was at a shopping mall in another town and I had to go to the bathroom. But, I had no idea where the bathrooms were. So I walked to the front of the mall in hope of finding a map of the mall layout. My urge shouldn't have been this urgent but I had drank a great deal of water and I hadn't been to the bathroom since arising this morning. It was now 2:00 PM so I suppose my need is legitimate.

Well, that doesn't matter as my need was to get to a bathroom as soon as possible. I was standing slightly bent over with my legs crossed trying to read the map of the mall. I finally found where the bathrooms were located and I struck out for them. They were about as far away as I had to go to the map. When I left the center of the mall I was so desperate that I wondered if I could make it to the bathrooms.

On the way to the bathrooms I had to stop twice and hold myself with my legs crossed. That was very embarrassing as those who saw me knew that woman was desperate to pee. At the age of thirty it was extremely embarrassing. After the second stop to hold I decided to walk straight upright with head held high in defiance of my desperate need to pee. I didn't want my need to be so obvious to the others seeking the bathrooms.

I was about twenty feet from the bathroom when I felt myself losing control. I stopped again and crossed my legs but that ploy didn't work. I stood there with crossed legs and peed all over myself. After awhile I managed to get control of myself and went into the bathroom to finish relieving myself. I was wearing a man style blue pant suit and my accident showed loud and clear. I had to walk the walk of shame for over a hundred yards to meet my BF and then to his car.

I cried all the way home but he cuddled me in my wet pants and assured me that my accident would be our secret. Then we had the best time in bed that I have ever had. My boyfriend loved seeing women wet themselves almost as much as I loved seeing men desperate and wetting. It was just too bad that I wet my pants before he did.

