Wet Nights

Author: wetpantsdennis

*000*2012-06-18 18:22

When I was about seven or eight years old, I went through a period of wetting the bed every night. My Mum and other people tried to find a way of stopping this happening, without much success. I can recall going to the toilet last thing before bed, or being got up in the middle of the night to go and pee, but in the morning, there it was, my bed was wet with wee. Mum would say "Oh no, not again!" and I could not look her in the face; it was deeply embarrassing for me. I would wake up, and immediately, I felt that my bottom and crotch was sopping wet with pee. Ugh! And, of course the bedclothes had to be changed, a plastic sheet protected the mattress. I had to wash myself down in the bathroom, before dressing ready for breakfast.

Well, this continued for quite some time; not sure how long; but it got to Christmas time, and we went away at Christmas, to a children's home in the Croydon area, South of London. This particular year, the boy's dormitory( where I normally slept when visiting) was full; or so I was told! So I had to sleep in the girl's room! Shock and horror! but I had no choice in the matter.

"W W What about, well, you know" I asked Mum: "Oh, don't worry, we all know you wet the bed!" the Matron said. Yet more shame and Embarrassment, when will it ever end? I remember thinking to myself.

When it was bedtime, reluctantly I took myself off to the girl's dormitory, to be met by a friendly girl called Pat. She showed me to my bed, it was nearest the door, to make it easier for me to use the toilet, I presume. I undressed quickly, and put my pyjamas on, trying hard not to let the other girls see me naked. I then went to the bathroom,and had a pee, then washed my face and hands, cleaned my teeth, and returning to the dorm, all the girls were in bed already, so I also got in to bed, and the matron came in, made sure everything was alright, said goodnight and turned out the lights. I don't recall how long it took me to get to sleep, probaly not long!

But, in the morning, when I woke up, oh no! I was wet again. Worse, Pat had to check on me to see whether I was wet or not.

Well, she put her hand in to feel my sheets, and when she saw I had pissed the bed, the expression on her face said it all. I felt I had let her down. And I started to cry, I so wanted to be dry for her and my mum, and I had failed yet again...

Ah, but the next morning, I was dry! But, Pat still had to check on me every morning! After a couple of days, I lost my horror of being nude in the girl's dormitory when getting dressed or undressed, and I did not wet the bed any more.

*002*2012-06-22 17:40

Oh yes, I have! Sorry, I should have said so in my post! I still like wetting my pants, though! Happy Wetting!

