Right this very second - Page 3

Author: Mia Moore

*053*2011-02-01 07:33

Still holding it. I'm constantly having to rock back and forth and doing this very nearly naked makes it even <i>harder</i> because it's chilly and I'm shivering on top of everything else (not enough to make me cover up, though). Also, wearing only panties is making it difficult to keep myself from groping my tits while I read. I'm a D-cup so they're really fun to play with. I also have a tattoo of the symbol for my favorite baseball team (I won't say which, too much personal info) on my left shoulder (just to add beef to your description) and I'm fairly pale, being mostly Irish.

As I'm sitting here, reading, I've been tickling my feet occasionally to see if I can get myself to squirt. I haven't yet even though the pressure is so great, I feel ready to burst. Holding it in only my undies was such a great idea, I'm flused in the face and aroused because of how exposed I am. Even though I'm alone in the room.

Anyway, the pressure subsided for a long moment then came back full force. Lying flat on my back helps a bit but it also makes it more tempting to rub on myself. I can hardly concentrate on this book.

Oh. It stings and is sore and I keep thinking <i>if I just rushed to the bathroom, it'd feel better</i> but I know how much better it'll feel if I wait to pee and perhaps wet myself.

As always, I'll keep you guys (and gals) posted.

Also, I want to know what YOU are doing as you read this. Please don't spare me the details. If you're touching yourself (which I heavily encourage) please tell me.

♥

*058*2011-02-01 23:51

Ugghhh, I'm sorry guys. Last night, in the midst of all of this, my wireless router went kaput. >.< I feel like such a cock-tease. I'm going to think of something really awesome to make up for it. D: SORRY.

