Elementary School Wetting

Author: Flyper

*000*2011-05-04 12:50

This was in second grade, so it was quite a while ago. I actually haven't seen any wettings since, so I haven't been as fortunate as the other people posting here.

We were only allowed to use the bathroom during bathroom breaks, and the teacher would send all of us to the bathroom. There would be separate lines for the boys and girls and because the boys' bathroom was closest to the classroom, she would stop us there first.

One day during the bathroom break, there was this girl who was visibly desperate. She was wearing a yellow-gold top, I think, and some patterned multicolored leggings. It's hard to describe them, but if you know about the fashion of the early-mid 90s, you should have an idea of what I'm talking about. Anyway, as we stopped by the boys' bathroom, she was squirming around quite a bit, and I stayed behind in line to watch her closely as she squirmed around. She was pretty quiet about the whole thing; I didn't hear a peep out of her, but anyone who was watching her would realize that she really needed to use the bathroom badly.

Barely a minute later, she raised her hand and told the teacher that she needed to pee. However, at that point, it was too late, as I saw a puddle forming at her shoes. (I didn't think much about this specific part at the time, but later I realized that by the time she raised her hand, she was already completely wetting herself. In addition, even though she was wetting herself, she was still polite enough to raise her hand and wait until the teacher recognized her.) I wasn't able to see any wetness in her leggings because of the color of the fabric. The teacher told some girls to take her to the bathroom, and as I watched her walked away, I saw her make a track of pee droplets with each step she took.

*003*2011-05-05 12:09

{{ 

Something like this happened to me too.

Unfortunately with no accident at the end.

I was not in elementary school but I was 11 or 12 years old.

We were the only class at that floor of the school and there was just one toilet there. We were not allowed to go during classes, but during the hour before the break we could go there in alphabetical order.

Once I saw a friend of mine who looked very desperate and she was almost the last one to go.

While others were going she was squirming badly on her chair.

At some points she asked the teacher to go before her turn. At first the teacher said no, but she begged her and she said that she could go when the girl in the toilet was back.

She was waiting squirming and moving er legs like crazy,

Unfortunately (for me) the girl came back and she dashed to the toilet :(

}}

Ah, I've seen close calls quite a few times. The most recent one was in high school, 11th grade. One teacher was quite strict about not letting anyone using the bathroom (his only exceptions were for people who brought doctor's papers or girls who were pregnant; I think he stated that on the first day of class, actually, lol).

I think around 5 times that year there were girls who were visibly desperate as they waited for class to end. They would ask the teacher (sometimes twice), knowing fully well that he wouldn't let them go, and he stayed true to his word. Once the bell rang, without failure they would dash out of the room. I always wonder if some of those girls ended up wetting themselves just a little bit.

