I know it's full, but I'm not moving yet

Author: TenaKev

*000*2013-07-16 21:07

So, for the last week I've had a lot of time on my hands. I got laid off unexpectedly a week ago and I've been looking for a new job since.

Over the weekend, I decided to take a day off from the job hunt, and decided that Monday was going to be a diaper day. So, sunday night, before going to bed I put on a Tena Super Brief, curled up in bed and went off to sleep, skipping my normal pre-sleep pee.

As has been normal recently, around 7AM i awoke, really needing to relieve my bladder. Since I was already prepared I let my bladder do its thing while i laid on my back, legs slightly spread so that my warm piss would run over my balls. I love the way the trickle feels. Once i finished, i drifted off to sleep in peaceful bliss.

Around 10 I awoke again. This time i decided it was best that I get up for the day. I went upstairs, grabbed a large glass of orange juice then came back down to my computer. I sat down, felt the call of my bladder, and then let it do it's thing as I read my email.

Shortly after that, I started playing some video games and didn't pay much attention to anything else. At some point I glanced at the clock and realized 4 hours had passed. It was now 2PM and I still hand't eaten.

I went upstairs to grab some food, but i didn't have anything for lunch in the house.

Still not leaking, I decided to throw on some shorts and then head to the local grocery store. All was fine, but when I got back I had to go again.

Determined to not use 2 diapers, i just let go again while i prepared my pizza pop. Still no leaks :)

My buddy called me up, he needed to drop by to borrow something. he would be by in 5 minutes. No problem. I'm all dry I thought to myself.

Still determined not to change yet, I kept my soggy Tena on while he dropped in. He stuck around to chat while he had a smoke, but he had to go anyway so I didn't have to force him out.

Shortly after he left, i refilled my drink and continued my video game. Before i was done playing my bladder had filled, and emptied once more. That last time, i know i was leaking. My leg felt damp. I only had 20 minutes before i had to shower though, so i was staying the course at this point.

I finished what was left of my drink and continued to play. When I knew I had to shower, I forced myself to go one my time, and made a mess all over. I was pleased though.

Last night, i decided i wanted to do it again, but this time, instead of going to bed dry, I was desperate to go when I put my diaper on.

That was a mistake. That combined with the 7AM void, and the 10AM wakup pee, made a huge mess of me. my boxers were quite wet, and there's a small patch on the bedsheets. But I was determined once again, to keep the same diaper on. I decided that a tight pair of jeans would help keep them in place, so i got dressed, over my mess.

About an hour later I had to pee again. I might has well have been wearing just jeans. I made a mess everywhere. But, I was happy.

I continued to play my game until i had to get ready for todays interview. Emptied my bladder again before showering too.

I decided to wear a pull up tena for men to the interview, just in case. Considering i've been voiding where i sit for the last 2 days, i didn't want to piss myself at an interview. Good thing too. I made it through the interview, but I wet myself involuntarily as soon as I sat down in my car on the way home. The pull ups hold a good wetting, but only one. so naturally I kept it on. I've now overflowed it twice. Once while reading my email. Once while writing this story.

I know I'm not the best writer, but this is a true experience, so i'm not gonna fluff it up to make it interesting.

