My First School Wetting

Author: Proxy11

*000*2012-08-11 19:52

This takes place when I was really young, which at the time I wasn't just shy I might as well have been carrying around a turtle shell. I believe I was about 7 years old, desperation was very common for me in school because of me being too shy to ask to go to the restroom. So I would rock side to side sometimes rapidly making it quite obvious I had to go and looking back it brought even more attention to me.

Leading up to the moment I felt really hot, so I finally held my hand up for the teacher. It took her forever to finally call on me even though she knew what I needed. As soon as she gave me permission to go I froze and couldn't get up. I held my legs closed together tight but that was not nearly enough to stop the bursting stream pouring into my chair. It puddled in my chair and went down my pants legs. But no one at the time seen it. I sat their in my warm puddle for about another minute not knowing what to do. It felt good to let it go but I was FAR too shy to get up, but I had to.

I waited for the teacher to stop looking my way and got up as fast as I could and focused on getting out the classroom door, blocking out what other kids might be saying. My seat unfortunately was right in the middle of class. Made it out the door and went as fast as I could to the restroom walking past one kid in the hall who kept staring lol. I stayed in the bathroom a while trying to find an excuse and what a bad one I came up with.

Went back to class and called the teacher out into the hall. At this time she sees my pants and I'm sure she seen my seat puddle with whatever pee hit the floor from me getting up. Which makes my excuse so bad. I told her a older student came into the bathroom when I was peeing and pushed me forward into the urinal.. that wouldn't even work! and I was adamant about this horrible excuse. My teachers response to this was all so embarrassing and brilliant on her part.

Instead of confronting me with what she seen or trying to outright get the truth from me, even though she knew it. She took me to every 5th grade class, had me walk into each room in front of all the students with soaked pants and all, and tell her who pushed me. Of course in every class I said none of them were the person but what was worse is I kept my lie, in turn making myself go to every class lol. At the end of my first inner death then I got my change of clothes, went back to class and continued through the day counting down the minutes to go home. Proceeded home to give my well informed mother the same horrible excuse, my brother laughing uncontrollably.

Not sure anything could be more embarrassing then that, I was way wrong! but that's another experience. I hope I didn't bore you!

