A story of my ex

Author: ninja01

*000*2014-02-04 21:30

This is a story of one of my ex girlfriends. Out of respect I won't use her real name. I will call her Kim. I have a few of these I plan to post.

Kim and I went to the liquor store one day. She asked my to buy her a couple of small bottles of vodka. I cared a lot about her so I did. After we left there we went to my moms house for the day. On the way there Kim decides to open a bottle of vodka and start drinking. Mom was still home but was getting ready to go out on a date. After we were there for about 30 minutes Kim told me she had to pee. I asked if she would hold it until mom left. She said she would try. Shortly after mom called for Kim and asked her to help with her hair. I could see into the bedroom and saw Kim crossing her legs and uncrossing. 

She would squirm when mom wasn't looking. After another 30 Minutes mom left and Kim had just finished her first bottle of vodka. She was very tipsy. She said she was going to go to my car to get the other bottle. I said I would get it, but she went out the door. I followed to make sure she didn't fall down the stairs. When I got to the top of the stairs, she stood about halfway down the stairs and just looked back at me. She uncrossed her legs and I saw it. She just let go with a smile on her face. She had on a pair of brown jean like pants with stars on the butt. The pee just flowed down both legs and streamed down the stairs. She finished and just laughed and said oops.

We got to my car and got the other bottle. Then we went inside and Kim took all her clothes off and poured another glass of vodka. Half way through the second bottle, Kim couldn't stand up straight. She stagger through the house for no reason and kept saying she wants to dance. After she fell several time, I was afraid she would hurt herself. I carried her to the bed room and asked if she would just stay in here with me. She would just say random stuff, like how she loved me, and future plans. 

After a few minutes she said she had to pee. I asked if she wanted me to carry her to the bathroom. She said no, stood up and fell. I went to pick her up and she just started to pee in the floor. She said " I think I'm peeing". I said you are. I got her back up in bed and Kim said she was going to sleep. The next morning when I awoke, I noticed the bed was wet. Kim had peed the bed in the middle of the night. When Kim woke up, she said she had to pee again. She asked to pee the bed again and I said yes. I put my hand between her legs and she just let go. This is my first story. Please let me know what you think.

