The Highway-Peetrol

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-07-24 16:44

Another on re-posted:

###

Posted by Krystal on February 13, 1998 at 07:42

I was driving home the other day when a cop suddenly pulled out behind me, turned on the blues and hit the siren. My stomach knotted, my mouth went dry and the sound of my own heartbeat started to drown out the radio. Basically I just started to panic though I'm not sure why since I had done nothing wrong. (I still have trouble with authority figures sometimes ,I guess)

I pulled over and the cop drove hurriedly by. He hadn't been after me at all. I sat there for a moment trying to get calm then looked down to realize the last drops of pee were soaking through the crotch of my tan chinos, leaving a very sizable glistening wet stain between my legs and completely soaking my butt. I had totally peed myself in my alarm. (I used to be a very high strung, over emotional little girl anyway and sometimes something as simple as someone yelling 'Boo!' or a dog suddenly barking would cause me to wet myself, I guess it still does)

I ran a hand down between my legs to feel the warm wetness against my skin. Even when it's a real accident I find the physical sensation of wetting myself very pleasurable. I couldn't help but laugh at myself a little. Here I am a grown woman who had just peed in her pants like a little girl over something so simple.

I drove home and my 5 year old neice greeted me at the door by putting her hands on her hips and looking at me quite scoldingly. "Auntie Krissy, did you go pee-pee in your pants?"

I tried not to giggle as I replied "Yes, Jenny. I had an accident."

She shook her finger at me "Tsk,tsk! Not s'posed to be doin' that!" then skipped off to tell her mother.

I giggled to myself then went upstairs to my room but didn't change my pee soaked pants right away. :)

PS: It wasn't really hard to face my sister since she's certainly seen me wet myself many times before and I guess we've both just gotten used to it. However getting scolded by a 5 year old for it was quite new to me! :)

One time in my teens a store clerk accused me and a friend of shop lifting and asked us to empty our pockets. We hadn't stolen anything but I just froze, paniced and stood there and peed in my pants. He let us go without pushing the issue further.

###

*002*2011-07-24 19:00

{{ 

Please provide the source.

}}

These stories are not online anymore. I just tried Google.

And I don't know where they came from. Those stories are on my HD, part of my personal archive.

###

