Desperate Trainee

Author: orcslayer

*000*2015-11-14 11:40

Not wetting, just desperation here. Felt like sharing coz it made my day :))

Today I got to train a new hire at our store. Her name was Jenny, she was 18 years old, Asian, about 5'3", skinny and pretty.

She was supposed to meet me at 2:45pm but she had missed the bus and was 10 minutes late. I gave her a uniform and waited for her to get changed. Even in the ugly uniform she managed to look cute. We made a little small talk before starting shift. She was a law student about to start working full time. Respect.

I spent the first hour showing her around the store, showing her where important things were located. Next we went in the back and practiced taking orders on till. After about 15 minutes of quizzing her on the specials and how to take an order, I took her to the till and let her observe me with a few customers. Then it was her turn. She was a little awkward at first and I had to help her out, but she caught on quickly and I let her run till for the next half hour. As I stood behind her observing her work, I first noticed how she kept shifting her weight from leg to leg, bending over slightly and pushing her ass out to the side. In my mind I pictured her being desperate but too shy to ask me to let her go to the bathroom.

A couple minutes later and I was painfully aware of how she kept crossing her legs and bending forward while taking orders. She had arrived late and not gone to the bathroom before starting shift...and that had been 3 hours ago...

I took her off till and to the soup and sandwich station, teaching her how to make sandwiches, bagels, paninis and serve soups with bread and biscuits. As she concentrated on watching me, she kept stepping from foot to foot and crossing her legs. I told her to go to the back and wash the dishes, while I stepped back on till.

10 minutes later I went to check on her. She was standing with her back to me, unloading the dishwasher and putting the clean dishes on the rack. All the while she was potty dancing around. When she closed the dishwasher and the sound of rushing water came on I saw her step frantically on the spot, her hands rubbing up and down her thighs. I got so aroused standing there watching her, I didn't notice my supervisor come up behind me.

"How's your trainee doing?"

"Good. She's a fast learner."

"Looks like she has to pee."

I laughed nervously. "Yeah. I'll let her take a break in half an hour."

Half an hour later I told her it was time to go on break and she looked relieved. "Are you hungry?" I asked her and she said yes. I got us 2 sandwiches and 2 cups of coffee and we sat in the staff room. Usually we get a 30 minute break, but since she came late we only got 15 minutes. While it took me about 30 seconds to inhale the sandwich, it took her 10 minutes. When she was done she took several gulps of coffee and looked towards the bathroom. I quickly asked her how her studies were going and while she was answering, an employee went into the bathroom. 5 minutes went by and she hadn't come out. I smiled to myself as I told Jenny our break was over. She hesitated, looking towards the bathroom, but then followed me to the lobby.

I had her first sweep the entire restaurant, while I watched her from till, which took her 30 minutes. The whole time she was stepping from foot to foot, dancing around, her hands rubbing on her thighs, ghosting past her crotch, but not touching. When she finished I told her to mop the floor. I watched her press the mop handle into her crotch.

When she was finished mopping she pranced up to me. "Can you bring out the trash?" I asked her.

She was twisting back and forth at this point, pressing a hand between her legs every now and then. Anyone looking at her could tell she had to pee quite badly.

"Umm do you think I could take a quick break?" She said quietly.

"What for?" I asked her casually.

She hesitated, bending over rubbing her lower stomach. "I have to use the bathroom," she whispered.

"Oh. Well we're actually not allowed to take more than one break. And the garbage really needs to be brought out. Can you hold it another 15 minutes?"

She bit her lip, looking worried, but nodded. "okay."

We went to the back door where a large pile of cardboard boxes were stacked. I told her to flatten the boxes and put them in a pile.While I stood, she plopped down on the floor,sitting on her heels,one over the other, rocking back and forth, while ripping apart the cardboard. It was clear she couldnt concentrate, while I ripped apart 10 boxes she was still on her first.

"Let's go," I said, opening the door. She slowly got to her feet, crossing her legs and bobbing up and down as she stood. As she bent down to pick up the flattened boxes, she stopped to hold herself. I was so turned on and sure she could see my arousal through my thin uniform pants.

The dumpsters are about 100m from the door. As we walked she had to stop several times to hold herself. On one such occasion a box fell from her arms and as she bent down to retrieve it she suddenly froze, swearing and dropped the rest of the boxes from her arms, her hands darting in between her legs and staying there.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

She looked so embarrassed, her face was totally red. "I really have to use the bathroom." She said. "It's an emergency."

"Okay I'll let you go right after we throw this stuff away. The dumpster's right there." I said and she nodded, frowning. "Okay," she said, her voice shaking, and bent down to pick up the pile. She whimpered and stood quickly, pushing her ass out to the side as she regained control. She kept dancing around as we reached the dumpster and I took my time opening it and taking the cardboard from her arms.

"Shit." She said suddenly, squeezing her thighs together and pressing both hands in between. I was about to come in my pants. I felt really bad for her so I said she could have a 3 minute break. She thanked me and ran inside. Didn't see any wet patches on her pants when she came back so I guess she made it in time sadly.

