High School Nordic Bus Pee

Author: skixc2

*000*2014-12-21 02:13

When I was in high school, I was a competitive Nordic skier. This is not necessarily a sport that lends itself to many girls wetting themselves, as some sports might (Triathlon for example) But I still ski to this day and over the course of these years I have seen and or heard of a fair number of skiing related wetting instances. One of them I have already relayed to you, see my story on my friend who wet herself during and actual ski race. Another, which was the first one I witnessed I’ll tell here today.

Where I went to high school was in a fairly rural part of New England and we had to travel quite far to get to some of our ski races. One mid-winter day we were headed to northern New Hampshire (a three hours drive away) and left way before dawn at around 5:30am. Most of us slept for most of the bus ride, but the driver did stop at a convenience store for some team members to get coffee or go pee. I didn’t leave the bus because I didn’t need to go, and while I was still there I noticed one girl, let’s call her Kelly, was still asleep and didn’t even know we had stopped.

Well, we got going again and about 45 minutes from our destination Kelly woke up rather abruptly with a pained look on her face and leaned over to me telling me she had to pee. I informed her that we had already stopped, and that we would be there in half an hour or so, and would she be OK? She responded quite angrily – admonishing me and most everyone else for not waking her when we stopped.

As we approached our destination Kelly began to look more and more uncomfortable. She was sitting in weird positions in her bus seat, actively holding her crotch and groaning as we went over the numerous frost heaves that dot New England roads in winter. I should probably pause here and describe what she was wearing. For Nordic ski races you wear a ski tight spandex/lycra suit. So on her legs she just had these tight colorful tights and up top she had on several layers, including a winter coat.

Now as we pulled into the venue our coach stood up at the front of the bus and told us all to remain seated. Kelly moaned then stood up and started to walk down the buss aisle waving at the coach – he told her to sit down, they’d just be a minute. She reluctantly obliged, but probably less than 30 seconds later she was back on her feet trying to move to the font of this bus. This time she made it no more than two steps though, before crumpling into a pretzel shape and squatting low. From behind her on the dark bus I could just see the pee rushing from her spandex onto the floor of the bus as she squealed “Shit, I’m peeing myself!”

Kelly stayed down in that squat until her bladder appeared empty, then she stood stiffly and walked back to her seat. Our coach carried on as if nothing had happened because I don’t think he could really see. When we finally got off the bus Kelly was very professional about it and all of us were friends so no one teased her or gave her a hard time. But she couldn’t take the tights off because she had to race in them – so she wore them for the while rest of the day! Our uniforms were fairly dark so other people couldn’t tell.

I always wondered what those “bodily fluid clean up kits” on school buses would be used for, now I guess I know!

*003*2014-12-23 03:07

{{ 

Did you ever have any wet ski gear after a day out?

}}

You should check out my previous story about my friend who actually wet herself during a race.

I have too peed while out skiing, that story for another time!

