Runners Bladder

Author: weakbladder

*000*2012-10-13 23:13

I've recently started running cross country, and today I had my first race. In preparation for the race i drank about 32 oz of water an hour or two before the race and then sipped at water bottles until the start. As the race started I had to pee pretty noticeably, maybe a 7 or a 8 on the 1-10 scale. I couldn't help myself from gently dancing around just before the race started. The nerves from this being my first race added to the pressure I was feeling.

The race started and I was doing pretty good. I felt myself right in the middle of the pack. Once we were rather deep into the woods I had put my need to pee out of my mind and was in "race mode." Every now and again i was reminded and had to tense up, but i generally put no effort into holding it, instead putting all my effort into running.

Imagine my surprise when on this chilly autumn day in New England I felt quite warm all of a sudden. This brought me out of my trance and forced me to look down. On doing this I saw a patch from my crotch to the bottom of the rather short, green shorts I was wearing. And on top of that I saw and felt pee trickling down my legs. I all at once came to the realization I was peeing and for the first time actually felt myself doing it. Though several other runners were around me, they were all much to consumed to take any notice. I managed to stop the flow, already with clear damage done. Not panicking i resolved to not worry about it and continue running.

Further along the trail, after i had been passed or passed most of the people running near me, i again felt the desperate need to pee, this time aware of it and not wanting to fill my new running shoes with even more pee i ran off the path a bit, to find a place to pull my shorts down and pop a squat. Hearing people running and being generally a shy outdoor pee'er, I instead squatted down and pee'd with force through my shorts for a good minute.

I made my way to the finish line were it was clear to everyone that i had peed myself. My coach assured me that "It happens" and said "it just shows how hard you were running." No one really made fun of me though there were many giggles and snickers.

It turns out that we one by such a small margin, that me not stopping to pee that first time may well have won the race.

As always, peeing my way to victory!

*007*2012-10-19 18:59

I feel like there is something about running that makes people just lose it.

