Desperatly riding my motorcycle

Author: Snnwr

*000*2016-01-05 16:41

Hello,

Before writing down my recent adventure, I would like to mention that I will be wrting this with a very full bladder (I'm at an 8 right now).

It makes it hard to concentrate on writing and Im wiggeling around on my chair. I will apologize in advance for the typo's and grammar mistakes.

Let's get to the story:

For those of you who might not have read my stories earlier, I am a girl (22yo) from Europe, I ride a motorcycle and I love going for a ride with a full bladder.

I just now realised that I have never given an inscription about my looks.

Im about 170cm tall, Got long brown hair (Wich I usually braid when I go riding), Green eyes and I'm a little more than Curvy and slightly less than chubby.

This story took place about a week ago, when winter had not yet decided to come and conquer Europe.

It was a chilly but not too cold afternoon, I work part-time and that day was my day off.

I decided to go for a last ride since I heard on the news that the weather would soon get colder.

As I put on my riding gear, I noticed the button and zipper of my pants took some more work to close since I gained a few pounds during the holiday season. I boiled some water before to make tea. I had two cups of it and i noticed I had about 500ml left over, I decided to take that me in a special bottle (Thermo? Im sorry, English isn't my native language).

I rode for about 30 minutes when I felt I was starking to get cold, so I decided to stop for a while and drink some tea to get warm. At that point I was slightly dissapointed for not feeling the need to pee. I didnt think to much of it and I drank the whole bottle of Tea.

Then I got back on my bike and decided to visit my granfather's sister, whom I hadn't seen in quite a while. From the point where I was right then and her home, was a 20 minute drive. During those 20 minutes I finally felt the tea dribble into my bladder, but it still wasnt a very exiting happening.

*Before I go on writing this story, I am at an 9 now, Breathing is getting very difficult, and when I tried to change my seating position, I started leaking a little. I hope I'll make it to the end...*

I got to my Aunties home and stepped off my bike, at that moment I finally felt the content of my bladder. It was a nice, warm feeling and I would say my need was at about an 7. She was faily happy to see me and asked what I wanted to drink. My answer was Coffee, since I already had almost 1L of tea, but I still wanted something warm to drink. We talked and talked, and she refilled my cup of coffee twice. I drank the second one very slowly, because I knew if she poured me antoher, I would certainly not make it home dry.

As I was sitting down, still in my suit, I felt the button of mt pants pressing into my bladder. It got worse very very fast, and before I knew it I said: I'm going to use the bathroom." I thought by myself; "Why the hell did I say that, I didnt want to go.?!"

I decided to pretent to use the toilet, stoot up and felt a sting in my abdomen. As I stoot up, my bladder felt relief from the button not being pushed in my belly anymore. Yet, gravity started doing it's thing, multipliing the feeling.

I walked to the toilet.

*I leaked again, I took off my pants, I'm shaking all over. Oh god this is hard.*

When standing in my Aunties bathroom I unbuttoned my pants, wich brought my need back from an 8,5 to an 7,5. It felt amazing. And i was so relieved I didnt actually have to use the bathroom, and I could go on holding. I didn't close my button and put on my jacked. Said goodbye to my aunt and got back on my bike.

*I can't sit anymore, It puts to much pressure on my bladder, Im writing the rest of this story dancing.*

Its about 35 minute driving from the town where my aunt lives and where I live. As i sat on my bike my bladder started to spasm, causing a minor leak. i held my breath for a moment and drove a little faster. As it was almost dark, the teperature dropped fast, causing my body to spasm my muscles to keep warm. Another spurt came out. At this moment there were 4 large cups of tea, and 2 large cups of coffee in my system, and it wanted to get out.

*As does the tea I had this afternoon. Last time i used the bathroom was literally 10,5H ago. (I just realised that!!!) My panties are soaked. There's a towel on my chair wich I am sitting on right now. It's clammed between my legs.*

I felt my pants were starting to get soaked. I was fairly sure this was going to be the first time i would not make it home in time, yet i tried.

As it was almost 5pm and rushhour started, i had to drive a little slower. With a bike its easy to manouvre between the cars, but my bike still cant fly.

When i was 10 minutes away from home, another big spurt came out. I thought i coulndt stop it, but I managed to do so.

I got off the highway and got to the only road that goes to my house from there. Per usual, I had to wait for the traffic lights. I could barely manage to keep my bike up AND my bladder at peace. At that moment it started raining, wich i usually hate when im on my bike, but now i was thankfull. I leaked some more and tried a little less hard to stop peeing.

*The towel I'm sitting on is also starting to get soaked. I will go stand in the shower when my story is over. I can't wait to finger myself as I relief myself."

I managed to stop peeing again, and continued my way home. I enjoyed it at much as i hated it. I loved having the fight with my bladder, yet the pain took away some of the fun as much as it added to it. due to the rushhour, The 10 minute drive it takes from the highway to my house, now took 20 minutes of torture. All 3 of the traffic lights were red and I was wiggling like crazy on my bike. People MUST have noticed that i seriously had to pee.

I got home, didnt bother to take off my jacked. Ran upstairs, ripped of my pants and enjoyed the moment of pure happiness as my pee warmed up my cold legs and feet.

* As for now, I'm hoppping into the shower and enjoy every single drop of urine pouring down my legs.*

*002*2016-01-05 17:06

{{ 

Story told as we are riding the bike ourselves :-)

}}

Thankyou!!!

*005*2016-01-06 09:44

Thanks for the sweet comments

*010*2016-01-15 13:55

{{ 

What kind of motorcycle?

}}

I drive a yamaha tdm 850

{{ 

Riding a motorcycle so distracted seems like a fantastic way to end up in a hospital with much less skin than you're used to. People in medicine call them Donorcycles for a reason.

}}

Don't worry, im registered as a donor..

