Kay's Close Call!

Author: KayLeigh

*000*2013-03-18 16:11

So I suppose it wasn't exactly a wetting, but I thought you guys might enjoy the story of my near public wetting D:

Our story begins on a cold Monday afternoon, at around 6:30pm.

Kay was walking to the bus stop after visiting her 'girlfriend' when she noticed that twinge.

And that twinge was bad.

Allow me to inform you, that I hadn't used the bathroom all day, and I'd had a large Fanta that morning, as well as A 500mL can of V (an energy drink if you guys don't have it in your respective countries) just an hour before.

That need built up quickly... To the point where I was wondering if someone would notice were I to sit and do a wee on their front lawn!

But a girl's pride will always be in the way, and girls are far more protective of their dignity than their male counterparts.

So I didn't.

I sat with my heel jammed against my urethra, my jeans unbuttoned, shivering and hoping for the best for at least 20 minutes.

Finally, my bus turned up (late!) and I began the 15 minute journey to the train station.

15 minutes usually wouldn't seem like much, but when there is a vibrating bus motor and a desperate Kay, it felt like forever.

My one hope was that the train station toilets were open.

So I sat, chewing nervously on my iPhone headphones, listening to music and holding myself when no one was looking.

When the bus finally stopped at the train station, I got the joy of watching my train leave.

Muttering nervously to myself, I now paced the platform, forgetting where the train station bathrooms were.

After a few minutes of frantic looking, I located a bathroom door, and looked down in relief to find that the sign said "Vacant".

As I leant against the door, I heard a 'click'.

The 'click' of a door hitting its lock.

Okay, so the train wasn't coming for another 40 minutes, the journey to the station I had to get off at was at least... half an hour, and even then the bathrooms there might be locked too.

I walked over to my platform, holding myself intermittently, then sat myself on a bench.

Desperate Kay was beginning to wonder if maybe she could just go in the carpark, or maybe on a seat in the train?

This would all have been okay, but I was wearing skinny jeans.

People NOTICE when you pull those things down >.>

By now, I was sitting on the balls of my feet, my heel jammed back into my urethra, grabbing myself and rocking back and forth.

Holy cow.

It dawned on me that I might not actually make it.

I mean, I was still going to try my hardest, but what... what if I couldn't hold it?

My mind was racing when a train- my train- whistled to a stop in front of me, 20 minutes early.

Well, okay then.

I hauled myself up and walked towards the train.

As soon as I stepped within the doors, I saw a sign.

A sign that saved my sanity.

Two carriages down, there was a bathroom.

To prove my predicament, I took a photo of my bulge quickly before letting all go.

Seriously amazing x_x

Here is my photographic proof haha

I know it wasn't a wetting, but holy shit was it close >.<



*002*2013-03-18 16:33

Thanks Gemmyyy :3

*014*2013-03-20 04:36

Thanks guys :D

