My first wetting after I'd left Camille and returned home at Annecy!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-09-08 00:31

I felt very miserable the time after we've returned home from the Mediterranean. "Home" was at that time a villa in Annecy, France, where I lived with my parents. I was the only child. I missed Camille, the girl I met and spent every day together with during that whole summer week. Camille, who got me to love wetting myself the summer, when I was ten and she was twelve.(See http://omorashi.org/...wetting-myself/

%http://omorashi.org/...ting-ourselves/

)

School hadn't yet begun. I didn't want to play with my friends; every minute awake I thought of Camille and of our fun and wonderful time together. I was walking around by myself. Most of the time I spent at Les Jardins de l'Europe. I'd always loved that park, and now I sort of dedicated it to the memory of "Camille et Victoria".

I wondered, if I ever would dare to wet my panties again; with no Camille to encourage me. But on my sixth day home I felt a strong urge to pee. I was walking in the park and every minute I felt my desperation increase. I began to realize, that I shouldn't have time to go home and I hated to use the public toilets. But there were plenty of shrubberies to hide behind. I looked around for a suitable place, where I could squat and pull down my panties without being observed. I was particular about the place to choose, and during my search I had to cross my legs every other step. My bladder started to hurt more and more, and I realized that I had to hurry up. I began to stumble, legs crossed and one hand in between my thighs, in the direction towards a big shrubbery.

But I only reached midway... Then it happened! At first I felt drops dribbling into my panties. I stopped dead. I wasn't sure if I really had begun to pee. I pulled up my skirt a bit and felt with my hand on my panties. Oh, gosh! I was peeing alright... and by now not only dribbling. A small stream made its way through my panties, upon my hand and down my left leg! Oops!! Not a small stream anymore! I opened my legs for a strong torrent of pee, which splashed down between my feet onto the grass! Oh, at last, I was wetting myself again! "Camille, I'm wetting my panties!" I whispered. "It's for you, Camille!"

I stood on the lawn and looked down at the forceful pee stream, and I enjoyed every second! I felt happy again. No one saw me, but if that would have been the case, it wouldn't have bothered me the least. I felt so content. I shook my hips, and my pee stream arched beautifully in the air!

When I've finished peeing, I sat down on the grass with my skirt pulled up and examined my cotton panties. They felt so nicely wet and warm against my pussy. I stroke their wet surface with my hand. Warm and wet! I looked at my wet panties. I loved the big wet part of them! "I'm a baby", I whispered over and over again. "I'm a little baby girl!"

I danced on my way home! Now and then I lifted my skirt and had a peep at my wet panties...

*002*2012-10-22 00:22

{{ 

Hahaha, glad you can have fun even without Camille around.

If only you guys were still in contact...

}}

Yes, I can have fun without Camille. As probably my stories are showing. But I think of her a lot, and I still miss her. I was very much in love with her, and in a corner of my heart that love still exists! And since I wrote those stories about her and me, I know I want to meet her again. But where will I find her? Where does she live now? I am in the beginning of next year going to France and stay there for maybe a month at my relatives. When I am there, I shall try to find her! And I know I will meet her again! I know!!

