More desperation sightings

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-26 21:16

Here’s some random female desperation sightings I’ve been lucky enough to see – these first few happened while I was at uni:

I was sitting next to a friend of mine (a gorgeous Indian girl) in a 2 hour long lecture. She was finishing off a large hot chocolate she’d been drinking before the lecture. About half way through the fire alarm went off and we all had to stand outside for a few minutes. While we were standing outside I noticed that she kept crossing her legs every so often, shifting her weight from foot to foot a lot. After we got back inside and restarted the lecture, I heard her whisper to another friend of ours ‘I need a wee’. A little while later I glanced across at her and noticed that she was jiggling her legs around a lot and was biting her nails.

As I watched her she leaned forward in her seat and bit her lip, glancing across at me and flashing me a cute but pained smile. She was really fidgety for the rest of the lecture, and when it was finally over a small group of us stood around chatting for a while. My friend wasn’t saying much, instead she was standing her legs crossed, biting her lip and looking around desperately. Just as we were leaving another friend of ours asked her ‘I’m just gonna go to the toilet if you wanna come?’ and she nodded gratefully before they both hurried off.

I was waiting for a friend outside a building on campus, where two girls were stood nearby chatting. One of them, a cute blonde wearing tight jeans had her legs very tightly crossed and her arms folded, listening to her friend telling her about something that happened over the weekend. She seemed very distracted, and kept glancing towards the door to the building, occasionally bending her knees slightly, keeping her legs crossed. At one point her friend said something to make her laugh, and she bent forwards at the waist, hands on her thighs, biting her lip with her legs still tightly crossed. After a couple of minutes she clearly couldn't wait anymore, and looking very embarassed she said to her friend 'Back in a sec, I'm just gonna go and pee, I've been waiting too long' and walked quickly into the building biting her lip.

In a 2 hour long computer lab, I was talking to a friend of mine (short, curvy and very cute) and noticed that she was getting a bit fidgety. There was an empty bottle of coke on the table which she’d been drinking so she was obviously getting desperate to pee. During a break in the convo she quickly said ‘ooh I really need the toilet, back in a sec’ and walked quickly out of the lab. She came back within a couple of minutes looking worried.

As she walked towards me she bit her lip and said ‘they were closed’, bobbing up and down desperately before taking her seat. There was still about 40mins of the lab to go and she couldn’t sit still for a second, swinging around on her chair, crossing and uncrossing her legs, bouncing her knees around and jiggling her crossed ankles under the chair. When we were walking out of the lab she said ‘I really wish the toilets were open’. She had a long bus ride home which must have been torture, when I texted her later asking ‘did you make it? :P’ she replied ‘yeah, thought I was gonna wet myself on the bus tho!’.

While I was working in a small shop in the city centre, 2 attractive women in their 20s came in to browse. One of them, a cute blonde wearing glasses, kept glancing around the shop, biting her lip. Whenever they stopped to look at something, she would immediately cross her legs, or sometimes bend one knee towards the other, bobbing up and down slightly. She was clearly desperate to pee, and I couldn’t help but watch her. After a while, she caught me looking at her bouncing on the spot with her legs crossed, and she quickly looked away, looking embarrassed. I didn’t know why she didn’t say anything to her friend, but I guess she was just shy. They left the shop a little while later.

Another time while working in the shop, 2 attractive girls came in, in their late teens/early 20s. One of them was constantly crossing her legs whenever they stopped walking. As they left I heard her saying to the other one ‘I really need a wee, can we try to find the toilets?’ and they hurried off towards the shopping centre nearby.

On a night out with friends, we were heading to a club after leaving a bar, all of us pretty drunk. It was only a short walk and on the way there one of my friends (a cute Irish girl) kept saying things like ‘Oh god I really need a wee’, ‘I need a wee so bad’, ‘I think my bladder’s gonna burst’, I’m gonna wet myself’. She was obviously really desperate, we’d been pre-drinking at my place before the bar, and she didn’t use the toilet while we were there, nor had I seen her use the toilet at the bar. I’d pissed twice in that time and she hadn’t gone once, and we’d all been drinking loads. We passed an alley and she said ‘I really just want to go down there and pee’ but we kept walking. There was a short queue to get into the club and she was stood in front of me, legs crossed, a tense expression on her face, not saying anything, clearly concentrating fully on holding onto her pee. Finally she got inside and almost ran to the toilets, coming out later with a relieved smile on her face.

Nearing the end of an hour long lecture, a cute blonde girl sat a few seats away from me was clearly getting desperate to pee. She’d been drinking from a 1L water bottle throughout the lecture and by now it was nearly empty. She was tapping her feet, bouncing her legs, and fanning her knees in and out, resting her hands in her lap. With about 10 mins to go she kept glancing at the clock, looking tense. When the lecture finally ended she hurried out, saying to her friend 'I'm just gonna go to the loo, I'm desperate for a wee!' before walking quickly to the toilets.

I was standing in the corridor of my student flat chatting to someone when I heard somebody hurrying up the stairs. The door at the far end banged open and one of my flatmates, a slim attractive girl in her early 20s with shoulder length blonde hair came rushing down the corridor towards us, looking frantic, her cheeks flushed. She stopped when she saw us to say hi, but she could hardly stand still. After a few quick words she said breathlessly ‘Back in a sec, I’m BURSTING for a wee’ while bending one knee towards the other, leaning forwards slightly. I tried to stall her by asking her about her day, and she stopped mid-stride, turning around to me with her legs tightly crossed, biting her lip. ‘Yeah it was OK, sorry I’ll talk more in a sec I just really have to go’. She walked quickly to her room and unlocked the door, legs tightly crossed, before hurrying inside for a piss. She told me afterwards that she’d been ‘desperate for a wee all afternoon’ but hadn’t had a chance to go.

While standing outside my apartment building waiting for a friend, there were three attractive Indian girls stood nearby chatting. I noticed one of them couldn’t stand still for a second, constantly dancing from foot to foot and crossing her legs tightly. She kept looking at the door to the building, clearly waiting for someone to come down and let them in. At one point she said ‘ooh I wish she’d hurry up, I really need to wee’ and bent forwards with her legs crossed, much to the amusement of her friends who were laughing at her constant fidgeting and dancing around. After a couple of minutes, during which time she kept up her pee dancing and leg crossing routine, their friend opened the door and called over to them. The desperate girl practically ran inside, telling her friend that she was ‘dying to wee’ and pleading with the other two girls to hurry up.

During a 2 hour lecture I was sat next to a friend, a gorgeous Irish girl in her early 20s with brown hair, wearing a cute flowery dress and black tights. At the start of the lecture I noticed that she had a 1 litre bottle of water on the desk in front of her, which was already nearly half empty. During the first hour she kept taking frequent sips, and it was almost empty by the time the halfway point in the lecture came (where we would normally have a quick break). I noticed that she was now starting to fidget around for a bit, shifting position in her chair and bouncing her legs, resting her hands in her lap. It definitely looked like she had to pee, as she was biting her lip and seemed to be eagerly awaiting the break.

However, for this particular lecture we had a guest lecturer, and it seemed as though we weren’t going to get a break after all as he just carried on speaking. The girl next to me was looking worried and had began to fidget around quite a bit, crossing and uncrossing her legs and sighing under her breath. After another 15 minutes, he eventually asked us if we wanted a quick break, but also mentioned that he’d nearly finished the lecture and so if he carried on without a break, we could leave early. ‘So what should we do, quick break?’ he asked, at which point the girl next to me nodded and said ‘yeah’ under her breath, standing up from her chair and smoothing down her skirt, looking like she was dying to get out of the room and get to a toilet. Just then, the main lecturer interjected and said that he may as well carry on as he was close to the end anyway.

This was bad news for the desperate girl, as she gave a little frustrated sigh and sat back down, turning to me with a worried look on her face. ‘I need to pee!’ she whispered, leaning forwards in her seat with her hands in her lap, looking down the row of seats. She was clearly considering leaving but as we were sat right at the end, nearest to the wall, there was no way that she could leave without disturbing everyone else in the row. The rest of the lecture lasted about 20 minutes, during which time the girl next to me was getting more and more desperate, and finding it harder and harder to sit still. At one point she pressed both hands hard into her lap, squirming in her chair and blowing air through her lips, frantically jiggling her legs. Her cheeks were flushed, and she looked as though she was getting close to wetting herself.

As the lecturer began to sum up, she quickly packed away her notepad and pens, before sitting right on the edge of her seat, jiggling her knees and starting intently at the lecturer, gritting her teeth. She had given up trying to concentrate on making notes and was instead completely focused on holding in her pee for just a few more minutes. At the same time, I noticed that my friend sat on the other side of me, an absolutely stunning tall slim blonde girl, also seemed to be having difficulty sitting still. She had her legs crossed and was bouncing them constantly, occasionally uncrossing them, shifting around in her seat before re-crossing them the other way, biting her lip while continuing to bounce her legs. I was sure that she had to pee as well, and pretty badly going by how much she was fidgeting.

The lecturer droned on and on, and by now the Irish girl was practically bouncing in her seat. I heard her mutter ‘oh my god’, sighing in frustration as she continually tapped the palm of the hand against her jiggling thighs. Finally, the lecture ended and she was first out of her seat, but as she couldn’t get past she had to wait for everyone in our row to leave first. As we waited, she was dancing from foot to foot, barely able to conceal how badly she had to go. ‘God I wish they’d hurry up, I really need to pee. I’ve honestly never needed to go this badly before’ she said quietly, looking anxiously down the row while resting a hand gently on her bladder. The stunning blonde girl who had been sat next to me overheard her and turned around biting her lip. ‘Same here, I thought he’d never stop talking’ she said laughing, crossing her legs. Eventually, we got out of the lecture room and both girls walked quickly towards the toilets.

These next few are more recent. Since starting a job that requires me to travel around the country on trains most weeks, I’ve come to realise that train stations are great places for seeing desperation (especially around rush hour in the evening, when people are commuting home from work, or later on in the evening after people have had a few drinks). Here are a few sightings in no particular order:

One evening I was faced with a 2 hour wait for the next train home, and the only seats available were right outside the toilets (which you had to pay 30p for). So despite the annoying long wait, I got to see a couple of good sightings. A very attractive brunette woman wearing business attire, probably in her mid 20s, came hurrying towards the toilets, her cheeks flushed. As she got nearer and saw you needed 30p to get in, she swore under her breath and crossed her legs tightly, fished around frantically in her bag to find some change. After looking for a few seconds she bit her lip and hurried off, looking around looking slightly embarrassed, obviously not having any cash on her. She came back a few minutes later looking even more desperate and tense. She walked quickly to the change machine, got the needed coins and hurried into the toilets.

A bit later I saw two women in their 30s or early 40s, one blonde and one brunette. They seemed shocked that you had to pay for the toilets and stood to one side, looking around in their hangbags for coins. The blonde woman was crouched down with her bag between the legs, and she looked up at her friend and said something, bobbing up and down. Her friend (who was stood with her legs crossed) laughed and said something back, bouncing on the spot as well. They were both clearly bursting, and the blonde woman eventually found some coins but the brunette was still standing at the change machine. They were standing around looking worried, and I heard them calling over an attendant.

It looked as though she’d put money in and hadn’t got any change back, so they had to wait for somebody to open up the machine. The blonde woman couldn’t wait so she went quickly into the toilets, but her friend was left standing around waiting, her legs still tightly crossed. Every so often she’d look around and bite her lip, looking longingly at the toilets. After a few minutes she obviously couldn’t wait any longer, because she shyly admitted to the attendant that she really needed to go but had no change. Luckily for her, the attendant took pity on her and let her through the turnstile, and she said a very relieved sounding ‘Thanks’ as she walked quickly towards relief.

After going out for drinks with some colleagues after work, I was waiting on the platform in a busy station when I noticed two very attractive women, both in their 20s, one blonde and one brunette, hurrying off a train that had just pulled into the station. The brunette woman in particular was absolutely gorgeous, with olive skin, wearing a short black skirt. Both of them looked to be in a hurry, but the brunette woman in particular seemed particularly frantic. As soon as they stepped onto the platform they quickly looked down the length of the platform, the brunette woman standing on tip toes to get a better view. ‘I can’t see any, let’s get back on the train and get off at the next stop’ the blonde said, moving towards the train door. The brunette crossed her legs and bit her lip, looking towards the steps towards the platform exit.

‘There must be some up here, come on’ she said quickly, bouncing on the spot with her legs crossed before hurrying up the stairs. The blonde woman didn’t have time to argue as the train doors had already closed, and it was beginning to pull away. It was obvious they were looking for a toilet, and I knew although the station had some, they were just outside the ticket barriers and were quite difficult to find (not to mention you had to pay to use them). They hurried up the stairs and turned the corner. I saw them again back on the platform about 2 minutes later, and by the tense expression on their faces it was obvious they hadn’t managed to find the loos. They anxiously waited for the next train (only about 5 minutes, luckily for them).

The brunette woman was dancing from foot to foot, kicking up her legs behind her, biting her lip and jiggling around, not even trying to hide her desperation. The blonde woman had her legs tightly crossed and a similarly worried expression on her face. After another few minutes of fidgeting, lip biting, leg crossing and anxious looks, the train eventually arrived and they quickly got on.

Another time at this same station one weekend, I was waiting for a train home after I’d been to see a film with some friends, when I saw a very pretty woman in her late 30s, wearing a red coat, flowery skirt and black tights, stood with her husband, looking anxiously at the board with the train times on. She couldn’t stand still for a second, and as I watched her she stood on one leg, the other leg brought up behind her with her thighs pushed together, every few seconds alternating which leg she was standing on. She looked absolutely frantic for a wee. She turned to her husband with worried look on her face, dancing quickly from foot to foot, pushing her thighs together as she did so, before she walked quickly down the platform, her husband following behind. Unfortunately I didn’t get to see much more as my train arrived, but it’s not often you get to see a very attractive, well-off looking woman dancing around like a desperate schoolgirl because she needs a pee!

Waiting outside my small, local station for a lift home after work, I noticed that there was quite a long queue of people waiting by the bus stop. This was unusual, as usually the bus would have arrived by this time. Quite a few people in the queue were looking annoyed, and clearly the bus was late. One woman in the queue (in her 20s, attractive with shoulder length dark brown hair, wearing a black skirt, black tights and black jacket) was on the phone and had her legs extremely tightly crossed. She stood like this for a few minutes, legs wrapped around each other, before she quickly uncrossed them, bouncing violently on the spot while bending forwards at the waist and squeezing her thighs together, before straightening up and crossing her legs the other way even tighter than before.

She was quite clearly absolutely bursting, and the bus being late certainly wasn’t helping. She did this movement a couple more times in the next few minutes, and never stood without her legs wrapped around each other, still speaking on the phone. She must have been absolutely desperate for a wee, as she did not seem to be trying to hide how badly she had to go, or care about the people behind her seeing her fidget around. Eventually, the bus arrived and I saw her getting on with a worried look. The bus was packed, so it’s unlikely she managed to get a seat and had to endure her journey home standing up with very full bladder.

Same station as above, I had just got off the train and was waiting outside the station for a lift into town when I noticed an absolutely stunning brunette woman, probably in her late teens or early 20s, obviously waiting for a lift too. She had her legs crossed, and was fidgeting around, pushing her thighs tightly together. She stood like this for a minute, before uncrossing her legs, bouncing from foot to foot for a few seconds, and then recrossing them tightly. She glanced around self consciously to see if anyone had noticed her subtle pee dancing, and she was biting her lip. She looked absolutely bursting, but was obviously embarrassed and trying to hide how badly she wanted to go. My friend arrived in his car a couple of minutes later, so I didn’t get to see how long she still had to wait.

Standing in the passenger waiting area at another large station (a small indoor area on the platform with some tables and chairs, a single unisex passenger toilet and a separate toilet for disabled passengers – both locked at this time in the evening), I was reading the news on my phone while waiting for a delayed train when a gorgeous Indian woman wearing smart office attire hurried in through the doors and headed straight for the toilets, her heels clicking quickly on the floor. I watched her surreptitiously, as she was biting her lip and looked quite desperate to go.

She reached the door to the toilet and pulled it, sighing quietly in frustration as she found it locked. She quickly walked towards the disabled toilet and found that locked too. She sighed again and walked back towards the door to the waiting area, standing with her legs tightly crossed while texting on her phone. She stood like this for a few more minutes, shoes clicking on the floor as she fidgeted around and tapped her feet, before her train arrived and she left the waiting area, giving one last frustrated look towards the locked toilet door as she did so.

Waiting on the platform for a train to London one evening after work, I saw three pretty women in their late 20s/early 30s, one tall blonde woman, and two brunettes, one with darker hair and olive skin, all wearing smart office attire. All three had their legs tightly crossed and the cute darker haired woman could hardly stand still, and although her movements were subtle, it was obvious she had to pee. She went from dancing from foot to foot while bending her knees, to standing on her tip toes with her legs together, to standing with her legs wrapped around each other, all the while fidgeting and giggling with her friends, quite red in the face.

I overheard her saying she’d had too many glasses of wine in the pub after work, and her friends were telling her to go and use the toilets on the platform but she said she’d ‘rather cross her legs and wait until she got home’. At this point, the other brunette woman said she needed to go too, and recrossed her legs even tighter than before. My train arrived a short time later, I wonder if they made it home!

And finally, I’ve saved the best til last! My flatmate (a very short, cute, pretty Chinese girl who I also work with) and I were on the train heading back home after going for drinks with some colleagues after work. The train journey was about 45 minutes long, and after 10 minutes or so I noticed her fidgeting in her seat, crossing her legs and bouncing them. As it was a Friday (when most people in our office dress casually for work) she was dressed in black skinny jeans and a very tight t-shirt, revealing her great figure.

During a break in conversation I watched her biting her lip and looking out of the window, arms folded in her lap, looking more anxious with each passing minute. It definitely looked like she was getting desperate for a pee. She’d had at least 2 pints of cider in the pub, and I hadn’t seen her leave the table at all for the hour or so we were in there. All that liquid surely must have found its way to her bladder by now and would be aching to be released. She’s usually quite shy about bathroom related things, but whether it was the fact we were good friends or the fact that we were both a little bit tipsy, she turned to me and said quietly ‘I wish there were loos on this train, I’m absolutely dying for a wee’. I laughed and told her she should have gone in the pub before we left. ‘I know, I just forgot. I was gonna go in the station but I couldn’t see any toilets’ she said, grinning sheepishly.

After another 10 or 15 minutes she had gone from being chatty and bubbly to staring out of the window, sat right on the edge of her seat, jiggling her thighs with her hands in her lap. She was clearly extremely desperate, focusing on holding on until we got to our station. I asked her if she was OK and she shook her head. ‘I really need to go. I don’t think I can wait until we get back home, I might have to get off at the next station’ she said smiling, though I could tell just how tense she was. ‘Unless you have a bottle I can go in?’ she added cheekily, bouncing in her seat. I laughed and told her I didn’t. ‘Not even joking, I need a wee that badly I’d be tempted’ she said quietly, her voice strained. After another couple of minutes, the train began to slow down for the next station.

‘Yeah I’m gonna get off and use the toilets here, I’m dying’ she said laughing, standing up slowly and making her way to the door. I told her I’d come too as I needed to go as well (which was true, all the pints I’d had to drink had made their way through me). As we stood by the door she crossed her legs and bounced up and down, dancing on the spot and jiggling her hips, one hand grabbing the handle by the door, the other resting over her bladder (there was a visible bulge under her t-shirt, she must have been absolutely bursting by now). ‘Come ooooon I need to gooooo’ she said laughing, urging the train to pull into the station faster. I teased her by asking her what she’d do if the toilets weren’t open (as lots of stations lock their toilets by this time), and she turned to glare at me. ‘Don’t even say that…’ she said biting her lip. She was so focused on getting to them that she obviously hadn’t thought of the possibility of them being closed.

After a couple more minutes (which must have felt like forever for the desperate girl dancing on the spot in front of me) we finally pulled in and the doors opened. ‘Finally’ she muttered as she got off and walked quickly in the direction of the toilets, gritting her teeth. Luckily for her, they were right on the platform, and even luckier, they were open. She hurried inside, and I went into the men’s and gratefully emptied my bladder. ‘Feel better?’ I asked her after she came out and we were waiting on the platform for the next train. She nodded, her cheeks flushed. ‘Yeah I do! Sorry, I had to go so badly, I’d have wet myself on the train otherwise’ she said laughing.

Hope you enjoyed these sightings!

*003*2014-04-27 16:21

{{ 

Absolutely fantastic stories! Especially that they are true stories. Do you have more?

}}

Just found some more I wrote up years ago when I went to a music festival:

A small, attractive asian woman, wearing a tube top and jean shorts, quickly hurried past and joined the growing portapotty queues after Motley Crue played. She was figeting a lot, dancing from foot to foot, and shaking her hands. She urgently looked around with a tense expression, and left the queue to join a slightly smaller one. However, she must have realised she wasn't going to make it and asked the guy at the front if she could go first. He agreed, and she ran into the portapotty as soon as it opened.

At the same time, in another queue, was a short, chubby woman wearing a black vest top and black skirt + tights. She had her legs crossed and was jiggling one leg urgently. She then uncrossed her legs and, still jiggling, pushed one knee towards the other. She then crossed her legs again, still fidgeting like crazy. After about 5 minutes of constant, increasing fidgeting, the portapotty opened and she hurried inside.

Not long afterwards I saw an attractive woman wearing a bikini top and short jean skirt. She was bent over at the waist, pushing both hands between her legs, with her knees pushed together. She stood like this for about a minute, before the portapotty was vacated and she could hurry inside.

There were also loads of girls who weren't as desperate, but were simply standing in queues for the campsite portapotties, with their legs crossed, or fidgeting discreetly. There were urinals situated right next to these queues, so it must have been annoying for the girls having to watch the guys relieving themselves while they were forced to wait their turn for a portapotty.

*004*2014-04-27 22:33

And I've just remembered a few others from my final year of uni as well (can't edit the above post for some reason):

I was waiting at a bus stop when I saw a group of people on a campus tour, being shown around the area by a student of the university. I noticed that one of them, a girl about 20 years old with curly brown hair, stood near the back of the group, absolutely could not stand still. She was constantly bouncing her legs, tapping the heel of her boot on the floor while pressing her hand on her thigh. She was looking worriedly at the guy giving the tour, and kept glancing around as if she was looking for somewhere to go.

She kept shifting position, shifting her weight from foot to foot and occasionally resuming her foot tapping. Just as the group began to move on, she hurried up to the guy giving the tour and thanked him before saying she had to go, walking quickly off in the direction of the main campus building where there are toilets. These campus tours can often last over an hour and they give out free tea and coffee before hand, so I'm sure she was dying to go for a pee but couldn't hang on for the remainder of the tour.

This one happened a few days later. While standing outside the library speaking on the phone, I saw another group on a campus tour who stopped near to where I was standing while the girl leading the tour spoke about the library. Again, one girl in particular seemed to be feeling the need to pee. She was short, cute, looked about 18 years old with dyed reddish-brown hair. She was standing with her arms folded and her legs very tightly crossed, and occasionally she would bounce up and down slightly on the spot. After a while she uncrossed her legs and shifted from foot to foot, kicking up her heels behind her, before bouncing on the spot again and recrossing her legs. The group then moved on, and I saw her glancing towards the library as they left with a worried look on her face. I think she was secretly hoping they'd be shown around the library, which would give her the chance to use the toilets there, but she was left disappointed.

Sitting in a 2 hour lecture, towards the end I heard two girls with an American accent (I live in the UK) sat near me talking quietly to each other. One was muslim, wearing a hijab, and I heard her say 'I really need to pee, but the toilets here are unisex... it's disgusting'. There was a large, empty bottle of water on her desk. Clearly she had been needing to go since the break halfway through the lecture, but couldn't face using the unisex toilets in the building. The other girl laughed and told her to just go. The other girl was pondering leaving but wasn't sure if she should or not. She was watching the lecturer and biting her lip, jiggling her legs with her hands resting in her lap. After a few minutes of this, she said 'I'm gonna go, I can't wait until the end', and quickly packed away her things and left the lecture hall with a tense look on her face.

Speaking of the unisex toilets in that building, I was having a pee after a lecture when I heard a girl enter the bathroom and say to her friend 'urgh they're unisex'. Her friend laughed and asked her if she was still going to use them, and the girl replied 'I'm gonna have to, I'm bursting' before hurrying into the cubicle next to me. I heard the rustle of clothing and then a long stream of pee, followed by a sigh of relief.

