First legitimate time

Author: Justhemoonandme

*000*2012-11-21 21:50

I worked 2nd shift yesterday, meaning I got off of work at 11pm. I watched some tv and browsed the internet to wind down after work, and ended up falling asleep on the couch. At 530am my fiance got up to get ready for work, and he woke me up. I gave him a kiss and a hug, and he jumped in the shower while I headed to our bedroom to go back to sleep. As I crawled into bed and heard the shower start, I sleepily thought to myself that I should have peed before he got in the shower, but since I didn't really have to go that badly and I have an iron bladder, I drifted off to sleep.

A couple of hours later, I was dreaming that my friend and I were on vacation, and we were about to get on a small plane to fly home. I had to pee really bad, and I was trying to deicde if I could make it through the flight or if I should go before hand. Everyone started getting on the plane, and I told my friend I just needed to go to the bathroom real quick, and I gave her my purse and cell phone while I ran off to find a bathroom. I couldn't find a real bathroom, so I went into a utility closet and saw a bucket. The bucket had a lid on it with a hole in it, and since I couldn't get the lid off I decided to aim for the hole. I started to go, but I kept accidentally peeing on the floor instead of getting it in the bucket.

I stopped and started a few times, trying to get a good aim for the hole, but eventually I couldn't stop the flow. My pants and feet were getting soaked, and no matter how hard I tried I just couldn't get the pee to go where it was supposed to. When I finished, I was embarrassed to walk through the airport with wet pants, but I had to catch my flight. I left the utility closet only to see that the plane had left without me. I was in a panic because my friend had my phone and my purse, so I couldn't call anybody. I started crying, and a stranger asked me what was wrong. I told him that I missed my flight and my friend had my phone and purse, and I had wet the bed, which I had never done before. He looked at me and said, "you really did wet the bed, you know." At this point I woke up, and I had indeed, for the first time ever in my life, accidentally wet the bed.

At first I freaked out a little bit, I have never truly lost control in my sleep, although I have tried to set it up to happen but I always wake up instead and just pee on purpose. I was very glad my fiance was gone, since I don't think I will EVER have the courage to tell him about my fetish. After my initial shock, I enjoyed it. And that is the story of how, in my late 20's, I wet the bed for the first time ever :)

