Accidental therapy

Author: LadyChaos

*000*2014-04-19 10:49

It’s been a rough few weeks for me. I’m feeling very isolated and anxious. Nothing in particular is causing it. My life is actually fairly OK right now. Some amazing stuff has happened for me in the last year. I’m just feeling overwhelmed by demands and I think my cycle is exacerbating the feeling. All I can do is push forward through the bad feels, tackling the demands being made of me one at a time, until I no longer feel overwhelmed by them. Having my period will help too.

Unfortunately, I’m struggling to sleep. Being sleepless is embittering me. It’s making my mood worse and crushing my productivity. I feel defeated.

The sleeplessness started on an evening early this week. I was so frustrated. I’m a very self-sufficient person and have been since about seventeen so knowing losing sleep would make me less efficient in getting past this disabling funk I’m in made me very angry. I hate feeling like I’ve lost control of my life and my emotions are in charge.

I got up, put on the clothes I’d worn out that day: panties, bra, dress - and made a cup of tea. I wasn’t able to enjoy it, too cranky. I switched to water and tried to lose myself in online solitaire. It worked for forty-ish minutes. After that point, like everything else in my life, I became annoyed by it. It was either dissatisfyingly simple or difficult to the point I was frustrated with consistently losing. I could not escape the bad mood I was in. I was about to scream or rip my hair out or lose it on a housemate for leaving dishes in the sink. I needed to get out of the house. I slipped on a pair of flip-flops and grabbed my jacket.

It was late. Really lovely spring night though. The streets around my house are usually dead at night save the occasional car whirring by. I wasn’t the only one taking advantage of the evening though because there were people with dogs and couples and probable drug dealers and obnoxious teenagers and exhausted-looking parents pushing strollers out too. It was interesting, a welcome distraction actually.

I headed towards the park. It’s about a forty-five minute walk and the park is big with a steep incline so if nothing else I’d burn calories and exhaust myself, even if I was miserable the whole time which, to be honest, I wasn’t. I wasn’t chipper or clear-headed but the fresh air and physical activity was improving my mood.

I was at a cross walk a couple blocks from the park, waiting for the light to change, when I realised what I’d done. I felt a twinge of that... urgency. Between the cup of black tea and sipping on my water bottle while spaced out, playing mah-jong I had filled. I hadn’t thought to pee before leaving the house, didn’t need to. It had been an additional forty-five minutes though and I’d been moving about the whole time.

I was so angry. I’d finally got some relief from my bad mood and had to turn right back around. The washrooms in the park wouldn’t be open. The area is residential so I couldn’t slip into a pub or gas station to pee. I had to go home. I was three quarters of an hour away though. If I had to crouch behind a bush partway back, sobeit. I turned tail.

At first, it was a brisk stroll, perhaps a little stroppy due to my bad mood. I grumbled to myself, annoyed. I sped up a little as my need for relief became more apparent. Waiting for lights to change at crosswalks became very difficult. I stood, lightly bouncing from one foot to the other, thighs squeezed together tight, knees slightly bent, toes pointing inward. Soon as the light changed I would clumsily dart across the road, trying not to move too erratically, then returned to a controlled (if anxious) stroll. Matters were becoming more urgent though.

I began alternating between very short, gawky dashes during which I whispered “Don’t pee, don’t pee, don’t pee” to myself and, frankly, stumbling, squeezing my thighs together, my hands over the crotch of my pants. My skin was cold to the touch but sweaty. I wasn’t even angry anymore, just panicked. Despite my best efforts, the work I was putting into not peeing my pants was making my trip home take longer than usual. I was most of the way there though. I was going to be OK.

I usually wouldn’t do such a thing but matters were desperate - I opted to trespass. It served as a shortcut. I fidgeted my way through a newer condo development, quietly whimpering, eyes watery. I found myself on a long brick pathway lined with old timey street lamps and ornamental trees. Unfortunately, I no longer had any idea where I was. There was a sharp intake of breath. I looked back and forth, began stumbling in the direction I thought was home, breathing heavily, my heart racing, but, instead, standing at the foot of a street lamp, lost control.

I stood motionless, in shock, as pee left my body and forcefully hit the brick beneath my feet. I felt it begin to roll down the insides of my legs, heard it splash on the ground, felt it splatter up against my calves. I moaned. I was no longer panicked. For the first time in days, I felt relief, completely lost in the experience. I sighed as a fast stream of piss poured out of me, down my left leg, across the top of my foot and between my toes. I squeezed my eyes shut, completely oblivious to my surroundings at this point. As the stream turned to a trickle, I stepped out of my sandals, into the warm puddle I’d made, and admired it and my shiny calves and feet. I felt... amazing. I was actually content, maybe... pleased with myself?

Unfortunately, it was short lived as I heard voices not too far off. In that moment, I realised what I’d done and while, on the one hand, utterly relieved and, frankly, excited, my mind went straight to thoughts of “What have I done” and “What will people think” and “I’m not supposed to do this”. I picked up my wet sandals and ran away, leaving a trail of pissy footprints behind me.

Suffice to say, I wasn’t in need of the washroom when I got home. I did have a wonderful night’s sleep though. Turns out a big, scary accident was exactly the therapy I needed to get myself back into a good head space.

*003*2014-04-20 17:09

Thanks all.

I've got low back pain and sore nipples so hopefully I get my period shortly and my mood will normalize. Still having a bitch of a time sleeping though.

*008*2014-04-23 14:28

Thank you. :) Terrible sleep last night but I've got a chance for a good nap this morning if I can fall asleep. I work late tonight and I'm going to the gym afterward which, with any luck, will enable me to fall asleep soon as I get home and shower. Hopefully I can stay asleep.

Really wish I lived with my man right now. I could use some help. :/

*010*2014-04-23 23:58

We're both busy, busy right now but he will take care of me soon as the opportunity presents.

I had a good nap this morning but it was only a nap so it's 5pm and I'm already crashing hard. That's OK, just means I'm going to the gym tomorrow. I'll get home, drag ass for a couple hours, then pass out. Sleeping at least eight hours shouldn't be a problem.

*013*2014-04-24 18:12

My pleasure! It feels great to know people are enjoying my share. I'll have to do it again and step it up! Maybe multimedia?

A friend invited me to Toronto in a few months and all I could think about was peeing my pants in a densely populated city setting. And Rob Ford.

EDIT: Wow - my thread received a gold star for popularity! I made five of the posts in it though so I guess I'm my biggest fan. Embarrassing.

