Road Trip Challenge

Author: themerger

*000*2013-06-25 16:54

Hi y'all,

I'll be embarking on a long venture down I - 81 on Thursday from PA to NC and I am determined to "hold" a few desperate situations along the way. Before I leave I would love to hear from the omo-community: How should I enjoy this 500 mile drive?

I will be driving during the day, thus presenting populated roads and rest stops. I am open to public accidents (though I haven't had a TRULY public accident yet) within legal limits and others' personal space and I don't want to ruin my car's upholstery.

My initial thought was to "try and make it" to a rest stop only to need a change of pants :) Any and all thoughts are appreciated!

Cheers

Pee.S - Photo documentation will be posted :)

*004*2013-06-27 13:58

Thanks for the thoughts! I'll be leaving soon and will have an update tonight :)

Happee Thursday

*005*2013-07-04 15:50

Sincerest apologies for the late response!

Last week I made my trip from PA to NC and had my first true public wettings! I stopped only twice the whole trip so as to save time and taunt my bladder. Of course, as a few of y'all stipulated, no bathrooms allowed!

I immediately sought out a rest stop after the first hour and also decided to have a spot to eat while I was there. Being new to public wetting, I realized quickly that wetting yourself with potential onlookers is quite difficult. Rather than satisfy my bursting bladder and wet myself right where I stood, I took a seat at a relatively distant bench with a table and began eating, my bladder throbbing painfully. Unable to hold much longer but still retaining a sense of surrounding, I began to wet myself at the bench. I scooted forward so my butt wouldn't be totally soaked but that was inevitable as warm liquid poured down my legs and onto my feet and the dirt below. I didn't get really any on the bench luckily but evidence of my "accident" was quite apparent. However, due to some anxiety, I coudln't quite finish empptying my bladder so I took refuge down a secluded wooden path and whipped it out to finish.

Granted I did use the bathroom in order to change out of my soaked jeans and for the first time felt my heart pounding as I walked by groups of travellers with urine soaked legs. Nothing was said to my fortune and I took off as soon as I had on dry, cut-off shorts.

About 5 hours later, I was running low on gas in Southern VA and I decided to stop and fill up...as well as empty my aching bladder :)

I pulled up to the pump and jogged inside to pay the cashier. While I was pumping gas, I was concealed by my car and the pump from other customers and decided to slowly start wetting. Occaissonally a car would pull around the parking lot, offering the driver a few of my wetting but as usual, no one seemed to pay any attention. After I finished filling up, I was astounded that I was still pretty full. I moved my car to the side of the gas station building and parked in a spot where the only people who could see me were folks filling up at the pump diretly across from me.

I pretended to be organizing things in my car while I let my bladder loose, soaking my legs and bare feet. It was SO invigorating indulging my bladder in the middle of the afternoon with plenty of potential of discovery. Had someone simply walked by the side of the station, it would have been hard to ignore the giant puddle accompanying my wet legs and shorts. I was perturbed when I realized that an undercover cop pulled around the pump nearest me and parked only about 30 meters away. Thus I went to the other side of my car and did some stretches, trying to look as innocuous as possible (and hide my accident) from any incredulous authorities. LUckily they let about 10 minutes later and I merely changed out of my saturated shorts in the front seat to finish my journey.

Though I had promised pictures (and I actually had some good ones) I deleted them before I had a chance to upload, since my friend was doing some tech work on my cell phone. However I can assure you that the memory of my first (kind of) public wettings will stay with me forever :)

Thanks for the support y'all!

