The first time I got drunk, and beeing very naughty alone at home

Author: vikka

*000*2014-03-18 02:54

The first time I got drunk, happened when I was just a little more than fourteen years old. I was alone at home, my mother was at a party at some good friends. As I was born in France, and lived there for about twelve years, before we moved to Sweden, I was used to have a glass of wine mixed with water sometimes at dinner.

Well, that evening I got bored being alone, and started to search all the cupboards at our home to find something, that could excite me. In my mother's bedroom I detected a shelf full of the sexiest and wonderfully beautiful underwears. Stuff, that I'd never seen my mother wear. I got really excited and began to try on the most gossamer silk panties and bras. OK, the bras didn't fit, I had hardly any breasts at that age. Then I found sexy garterbelts with pointlace, looking so cute. 

And there were lots of nylon stockings. Everything felt so nice to touch! I chose panties, a garterbelt and stockings, all of them sinfully black, and put them on. I had some difficulties to find out how to attach the garters to the stocking tops, but eventually I managed. I looked for a dress or a skirt, but they were all too big for me. Then I found a very cute, white petticoat. After having wound its waistband several turns, it fitted rather well. I completed with a very transparent, light red, silk blouse. I looked at myself in the bedroom mirror. Wow!!! I thought I looked very sophisticated! I hitched up the petticoat. Wow again! I looked so sexy, I thought! I knew, I should have put those clothes back again, but I didn't expect my mother home for hours. So I kept them on and left the bedroom with a proud expression on my face.

I thought something was missing though. Surely my face looked very pale and dull. I went to the bathroom and looked among her cosmetics. I put rouge on my cheeks. I liked the eyeliner, I'm proud of my drawing skill, and thought that I made very artistic and elegant eyelines. I smeared dark brown eyeshadow on my eyelids. With a brow pencil I hoped to make my eyebrows thinner and more elegant, finishing with a stylish turn on the ends. I didn't succeed to make my brows thinner; on the contrary actually. And the turns... they looked more like curbed sausages. But anyhow - not too bad for a beginner, I thought after several efforts. With the mascara I succeded very well. I have long eyelashes, and I brushed on a considerable amount of dark brown mascara on them. It made me look very seductive; that was my firm opinion. I finished with painting my lips with red lipstick. I was very pleased with the result, and could hardly tear myself from the mirror.

Looking so very grown-up, I thought it would be quite alright to have a glass of wine. I went in to the living room and opened the liquor cabinet. There I caught sight of a bottle of sherry. I remembered, that I once been allowed to taste a few drops of sherry, and that I found it to taste delicious. I didn't think twice; I grabbed the bottle of sherry and quickly shut the cabinet.

I wasn't sure of, which glass to choose. There were some rather small glasses, but I thought they were for strong spirits, and I was rather sure, that sherry was a wine. I chose one of the big wine glasses, and poured out a full glass. I tasted it. Yummy! It tasted even better than coca-cola!

I brought the bottle and the glass with me to the living room, and sank down into an arm chair. I raised the glass in what I thought to be a sophisticated manner, and proposed a toast to myself. I went on proposing toasts to one friend after the other. The first glass was soon finished, and I poured out an other. I really liked sherry! I appointed it to be my favourite drink. Ever! For which I proposed another toast.

By now I needed to pee. But not yet, I thought, I could easily hold on much longer. I emptied the second glass. I sensed a crave for biscuits, and stood up. I took a first step towards the kitchen, but it was like my legs no longer knew how to walk, and I stopped. I wobbled to and fro and then, suddenly, I found myself sitting in the chair again. I thought that was as it should; I didn't remember, why I stood up. Anyway, my head was kind of spinning, and I thought it was only wise to sit down. It was a funny feeling, like I was riding on a merry-go-round. I giggled.

But the merry-go-round made me feel more in need to pee. I put a hand in between my thighs. The pettycoat road up, and I thought I looked very sexy in my mother's nylon stockings. I pressed my hand on the crotch of the black, sheer silk panties. I rubbed them gently against my pussy. It felt kind of good, and I thought there were no point in not to continue. 
So I did. After a while I realized, that my (well, my mother's) panties had become very wet from my pussy juices. Shit, what would my mother think? That thought didn't last long. Increasing feelings from my pussy took over every ounce of mental activity I might have had. I felt stronger and stronger twitches in my mimsy, and I was panting and moaning! I bounced and twisted myself around in the chair. I started to scream, and felt a strong spurt of pee coming out! Then another spurt and then I came in a mighty orgasm, making my sluices to open. It was like the orgasms never would stop to come!

And I also peed like for ever. From some strange reason I wondered if my pee now tasted sherry. I cupped my hand under my pussy to fill it with pee. I managed to get a little, and brought it to my mouth and tasted it. It didn't taste as sherry at all. But it tasted good!

"What are you doing!" It was my mother! It was like she'd emerged out of nowhere. I hadn't heard her coming.

"Hi! You're already at home? Have you had a nice evening?" I thought the right thing was to be polite, although my last orgasm was still running riot in my pussy, and a last spurt of pee made its way through my... shit! I remembered - my mother's panties.

I tried to stand up, and (miracle!) I succeded, but on very unsteady feet. Standing up I realized, that in the chair there was a big pool of my pee. With a splash I dipped back into the chair.

"Victoria! You're drunk!" Yelled my mother.

The rest was so painful, that I prefer to stop writing right now.

*005*2014-03-21 20:49

Thankyou, thankyou for your nice comments !!

@Coinín Beag: Yes, of course it was embarrassing! But my mother was the most wonderful mother any girl could have had. And she didn't allow me to feel awkward about what had happened for long. The next day she let me sleep till after noon. Then she said, that what happened was just one of those things a teenage girl might do out of curiousity about the adult life, she was about to enter in a few years. She gave me a big hug, and told me, that lunch was served in the kitchen. Sad to say, but my stomach didn't agree with the food, and I had to rush to the bathroom

*007*2014-04-07 17:11

Hi, Oscar, thankyou very much for your nice comment! I love to hear that my stories are interesting as well as arousing!

I never drink diet soda or other diet drinks, as coca cola light; they're proved to be not healthy for you. You should avoid them too!! For me the most diuretic drinks are coffee combined with Coca Cola (the regular one) or/and mineral water. The amount of coffee decides how fast I'll get really desperate to pee!

And, yes, I have tasted my pee and also the pee of my lover girls. I love the taste! But I prefer the taste of my pee when I've had a lot to drink. It also smells nicer and fresher when it's diluted, lol!

*010*2014-04-25 23:01

My belated (I've been away for some weeks) thanks for your appreciating words, CuteFarrow and PC Genie!!

*014*2014-05-07 22:10

Thankyou soo very much LadyChaos, frostyjr2 and ukp!!! I really appreciate your nice comments!

@ my big sister frosty: I wish that too! I would dress myself in such an unbelievably sexy way, that you couldn't resist me; you would forget everything Norah had told you and make unforgettably hot love to me, finished with peeing all over my whole trembling body! Hear that, big sis?!! <3, <3, <3

*016*2014-05-07 22:47

Let me speak to Norah, I'm sure she would understand !!

