I wet my bed at this age ?

Author: openmindeddude

*000*2013-03-02 16:02

Ok this story happened a couple months ago (4 I think, so end of 2012). I wasn't an active member on this site at the time but I figured I would post about it anyways.

As a few of you might know, I haven't really explored wetting myself that much. There has a been a few rare mishaps but for the most part this is a new thing for me.

So one night I was out on one of our usual Friday nights with my friends. Typically we grab dinner and a drink or two and head down the street to have a few more drinks at our local pubs here in NY.

On this particular night, I went and had a pee after dinner and then met some folks at the pub. I had already had 2 beers at dinner and was planning to have some more later. A friend offered me a ride home that evening so I thought I could cut loose a little bit. Throughout the night I had 1...2....3....4...5 beers. We also did a round of shots as it was a friends birthday. Before I knew it was past the 2 am hour and I was very tired from a long week.

When I got home I don't remember much but oddly enough I didn't really have a need to pee the rest of the evening and I was so tired when I got home that I just went upstairs to bed and passed out in whatever underwear I was wearing (boxers).

###

Cut to morning

###

I woke up and realized what a night it was (and I was feeling it a little in my head). As my eyes opened, I shuffled a little in bed and felt something weird. I thought it was maybe like a dream or I was just so tired and out of it.

A few min went by as I was laying on my stomach, and then as I rolled over..."Oh my god, I pissed my bed last night!....This has never happened to me as an adult!" >_>

The front of my pants and boxers were soaked and the bed sheets and mattress. I have a pillow top mattress but it sinks in the middle where I sleep so there was no where for the pee to go but around my crotch.

I remember getting up in a sleepy state and changing my clothes. I was a little upset about the bed but didn't know what to do. I was so tired that I threw another old sheet over the big wet spot and and went back to sleep on top of it. By the time I woke up it soaked through the top sheet and it had felt like I had wet it all over again!

I was def embarrassed at the time and I wondered what it would have been like if a girl had been sleeping over or something. I would probably be mortified.

Later that morning I sneakily bundled up my sheets and headed downstairs to do laundry hoping no one would notice. It was quite the morning

###

This was my first shared story. Hope someone likes it :) Have a good weekend everyone!

