Double Accident

Author: Gemmy

*000*2012-04-17 18:34

Hey Guys and Gals, here is the account of another of my adventures, this time it the story contains an accident rather than a planned wetting, I’m posting stories about the times I have had accidents as a number of people on here have said they prefer accidents rather than planned and I aim to please. To be honest I have to agree with this, I much prefer reading about/seeing a girl having a true accident where she hasn't intentionally made herself desperate and/or holding. And as an added bonus this story contains not one, but two girls having accidents so here it is, I hope you enjoy -

I'll begin by setting the scene – me (Gemma) and my friend (Emily) had been out into town to have a few drinks and a catch up as it had been ages since we had seen each other. We didn't stay out too late as we both had to get up for work next morning and met up at about 5.00. I was wearing a red shirt and a short white summery skirt with black stockings underneath. Emily was wearing a white t shirt and tight blue jeans. Our intention was to make our way across town going in a few pubs and clubs, however in the first pub we went in we decided to have a meal and ended up staying there for the whole evening. At about 10 we decided we had enough and was ready to head home and because it was early there were still buses running and decided it would be cheaper and much easier to get the bus home. Before we left the pub we both visited the little girls room and headed off out, this is where the story begins -

We came out of the pub and set off towards the nearest bus stop which was located just down the road outside the train station. It was a bit chilly in the evening breeze so we both put our jackets on and walked with our arms linked down the road gossiping and laughing. When we reached the bus stop we looked at the timetable and found that the next bus was due in roughly 17 mins, being after 6pm the buses had moved onto the Sunday service. We didn't mind we were having fun just chatting and talking the pee of people we had known at school. The bus came bang on time and we got on. Due to the time of night there was nobody of the bus apart from some creepy old guy that stared at us as we walked past. We went and sat right at the back and the bus set off. Due the time of night and the small amount of traffic on the roads the journey should only take about 15 mins.

(i should state at this point that we live on a hill that ends in a dead end and I live at the bottom and Emily lives at the very top) After about 5 mins Emily laughed and jokingly said

“I might have to you use your loo when we get to yours cos I need a wee”

I laughed thinking that she only went a bit ago but then on reflection it had been almost 40 mins since we had left the pub and I suddenly noticed my own need to wee but it didn't bother me cos we were only 10 mins away from home. Just as I was thinking this the bus came to a stop. I looked out of the front window and saw a build up of traffic”. I looked into the distance and saw a number of police cars and came to the obvious conclusion there had been an accident. A police officer came and spoke to the driver and then the driver announced to us that there had been a collision up ahead, luckily no one had been hurt and they were just waiting for recovery trucks to remove the two cars and should be here and done in about 15 mins then we could get moving again. Upon hearing this Emily looked at me and said

“Shit.....now ive gotta wait an extra 15 mins”

“extra 15 mins for what” I asked her, thinking I already knew the answer.

“to wait until I can pee” she replied “i gotta go, but not bad enough that I wont be able to hold it.

10 mins passed and I could no longer ignore the signals coming from own bladder telling me I needed to wee and it was filling up quite fast, the wine I had drunk earlier was now catching up with me. I crossed my legs and waited for the bus to start moving again.

Finally the wreckage had been cleared and we set off again, I looked over at Emily who also had her legs crossed and was slowly bobbing them up and down. Our stop was only a few minutes away so I got my stuff together and stood up, and as I did so my bladder gave a jolt and my need greatly increased, I squeezed my legs together hoping I could hold on until I got home. The bus stopped and we got off, after the bus had left and we were now alone Emily crossed her legs and put her hand into her crotch

“oh god I need to wee” she said “i wanted so badly to grab myself on the bus but that creepy old guy was looking at us and I didn't want him to know I had to pee”

“so do I” I replied massaging my bladder and bending forward slightly “when I stood up on the bus I thought I was gonna lose it but managed to regain control, come on where nearly at mine”

The quickest way to our street from our current location was to walk through the park, up some stairs and through a snicket. This would bring us out at the bottom of our road. We set off and each step I took sent a jolt through my bladder and I was seriously doubting I was going to make it home. As much as I was enjoying the feeling I didn't really want to wet myself in public and in front of my friend. We made it through the park and got to the bottom of the steps that would take us to where we needed to be. With each step I climbed my need increased a tiny bit more and both me and Emily had to keep stopping and cross our legs. By the time we had reached the top I was absolutely bursting and all I wanted to do was let go but my house was literally only 2 mins away and I was determined to make it home. I couldn't take normal steps and was slowly doing little tiny baby steps doing everything I could do to hold it back.

Suddenly I had a huge contraction and I leaked a little into my knickers. We crossed the road and entered the snicket, about halfway through the snicket I leaked again, my knickers were now seriously wet and I was on the verge of losing all control. I had to keep stopping to grab myself and each time I did Emily kept saying “come on, don't stop now were nearly there”. I carried on when suddenly I felt it coming, I was about to burst, there was nothing I could to stop it. I quickly yanked up my skirt just in time as there was a loud hissing noise and pee began pouring into my knickers. It started dripping out all over the floor, splashing onto my feet and lower legs. It began coming out of the sides of my knickers and slowly running down my legs soaking my stockings in the process. I was so embarrassed, I was stood in front of my friend completely wetting myself. After about 3 mins the pee stopped and just stood there dripping not knowing what to say or do.

All the while I was weeing I noticed that Emily was getting more and more fidgety and had begun squeezing her crotch and crossing her legs tight. I asked if she was all right to which she replied

“i dont mean to sound mean here, I mean obviously im concerned for you and you must feel embarrassed but watching and listening to you wee has made me super desperate and I don't know how longer I can hold it, can we hurry up and get to yours”.

I now found myself in an awkward situation, my humanitarian side felt sorry Emily and wanted to rush home and allow her to pee but my omorashi side was kicking in and I found myself in wet knickers which had made me aroused and in the presence of a desperate girl, doing everything she could not too wee herself. We set off walking again, Now Emily the one doing baby steps and every few steps she would stop and bend over with her hand buried deep in her crotch. This only turned to me becoming more aroused, not only because she was desperate, but every time she bent over her ass looked amazing in her tight jeans and gave her an amazing VPL and I am a sucker for VPL's. We came out of the snicket and crossed over the road. We turned into out street and headed towards my house, we got there opened the gate and walked up the path.

“ooooh hurry up, get your keys out”

“i dont have my keys” I replied. And I really didn't cos I don't usually take my keys with me when I go out for the evening cos my boyfriend is usually home to let me in.

“WHAT!!!! what do you mean you dont have any keys” she said looking worried, dancing around like crazy.

“i dont have my keys but dont worry matt's home and he will let us in” I told her.

I knocked on the door and waited all the while watching Emily dancing around with her legs crossed and her hands buried in her crotch.

“WHERE IS HE” she said “im about to wet myself any second.

After about a minute matt opened the door and smiled when he saw it was us.

“you ok you two, have fun” he asked.

“yes but im about to wee myself” said Emily

Now Emily had no idea that both me and matt are into omorashi so she could not comprehend the effect of what she had just said would have had on matty. I noticed matty smile at me then look back at Emily who was now pee pee dancing like her life depended on it. He opened the door and said “you had better go to the loo then”. I expected Emily to bolt past matty and shoot up the stairs but instead she just stood there.

“i cant move” she said “if I move im gonna wee what do I do.......OH NO!!!!!”

As she shouted those last two words a wet patch appeared on the front of her jeans and began to grow and grow and spread down her legs. She was completely wetting herself and was stood muttering under her breath “oh no, my knickers are soaked, what am I gonna do, im so embarrassed”. When she had done she turned round and her jeans were completely soaked and she looked like she was about to burst into tears.

“im so sorry you guys” she said “i cant believe I did that you probably think im gross”

If only she knew that neither of us thought she wasn't gross, but unbelievably sexy and had turned us both on so much it was unreal. “of all people I don't think your gross” I replied “i mean I did it as well” ….when I said this Matty looked at me confused, then noticed my wet stockings and a big grin appeared on his face.

“Do you wanna come in Emily” asked matty “have a drink and get cleaned up”

“no its all right, ill just go home” she replied. We exchanged goodbyes and she set off, leaving me watching her ass wiggling in wet jeans as she walked away. When she had gone I turned round to find matty looking at me and he said

“ let me see you naughty girl” and pointed at my skirt. I lifted it up allowing him to see my soaking wet knickers. “well you are naughty for doing that., you need to be punished he said and softly smacked my wet bum. We then went inside and had some fun if ya know what I mean.

There you go, hope you enjoyed it, I will be posting some more when I get time :D

Gemma xx

