A triple wetting from my childhood!

Author: Kimiko3

*000*2014-08-20 15:08

I had a really weird taste in music as a girl, and one of my favourite bands was (and still is in a way) X Japan. It seems really inappropriate for a 10 year old schoolgirl to love a band who wrote songs like "Standing Sex", "Orgasm" and "I'll Kill You", but I was a really weird 10 year old schoolgirl, and so was my friend Kana. We used to listen to that kind of thing while other girls listened to more pop tunes. Anyway, as you might know, before they broke up the played some huge concerts in Tokyo, and my parents who were also fans got some tickets for us all to go. This sounds really weird given how not child friendly they were, but my parents were really cool about that stuff. Kana and I were overjoyed, so we both hugged my parents and said we loved them so much!

When the night came my parents told us to dress sensibly, not to look too sexual because we were so young. We were both really pretty girls but we hadn't really done puberty then. We were both thin with brown eyes, my hair was black and Kana's was brown. We both wore X Japan T shirts (obviously) and brown jackets over them, and short black skirts and white trainers with white socks. Our panties were white too, though obviously we tried not to show those.

So a lot of our legs were showing, but we didn't look provocative and it's normal for girls to wear short skirts in Japan, which is good because I like wearing short skirts. My mother was 34 then and she looked really gorgeous, she was wearing black knee high boots with flat heels and a short brown skirt, and a black jacket over an X Japan T shirt too. She was wearing white panties as well. She made a point of never wearing high heels or cosmetics which I've taken from her, but she still looked amazing, I can see where I got my beauty. It wasn't from my father, he's so lovely but his beauty is all on the inside.

We took the train there, and as we got to the venue we could see loads of people who were going there too. Kana and I were among the youngest. We turned up quite early and found a good place, quite close to the stage but not so close our ears would be damaged - our father was very strong about that! We brought loads of water to drink because we'd dance around and it would get hot in there, and our mother got beer and some water too. Before the concert started our father asked us all if we needed to pee, and we kind of needed to but we knew if we tried to get to the toilets we'd lose our place so we said we didn't. He warned us it would be 3 hours and we really should, but we said we didn't need to.

X Japan came on and were amazing. They played a mixture of faster and slower songs, and we all jumped around a lot and sang along, even on the really inappropriate bits (you know what I'm talking about). Anyway, after about an hour and a half there was an intermission and I realised I really needed to go, and I'd just drunk loads of water so there was no way I could hold it for the rest of the concert. But also I knew we'd lose our place if we tried to go.

"Ren (my father's name)," asked my mother, also rubbing her legs a little, "could you keep our place for us if we ladies go for a pee? I think we all need to go."

"I'd try, Yui (my mother's name), but I don't know if I could," he said.

"Well, try," she said, "because if we don't go then you'll be taking the train home with 3 females in wet panties. Come on Kii-chan, Kana-chan, let's go."

We all tried to get to the ladies' room, but there was a really long queue and I expect you know how long some ladies take in the toilet. We waited for a bit, but then we realised that if we went to the toilet, we'd miss a lot of the second half.

"Mother," I asked, realising the second half was about to start, "I think I can hold it until the end. Can we go back now?"

"I think that would be a better idea," she said. "Even if we do wet ourselves, it's not like it matters. This is our last chance to see X Japan live, that's worth a bit of extra laundry."

We were all really desperate by that point, but we all squirmed our way back to our spot which our father had tried to keep for us. When we got back we were all fidgeting with our skirts and rubbing our legs.

"We didn't pee," said my mother. "The queue was too long."

"Then please try not to wet yourselves," said my father.

"We'll try," we all said, knowing that most likely we would.

The second half started, and it was as awesome as the first, but I could feel my desperation growing more and more and more, until after about half an hour it was becoming really painful. I knew by then that even if I tried to go to the toilet, I wouldn't make it anyway. So that was the point I decided to just pee myself and enjoy the show. I relaxed my muscles and felt hot pee spurting down my legs and rushing in a stream. I had a small bladder then, so there wasn't much, and nobody noticed. I didn't have any sexual feeling about it, that's why I described it so briefly. I just went on enjoying the show.

After the show ended, I felt my wet panties starting to itch, and I looked down and saw my skirt was a little wet around the hem too. It was only then that I blushed.

"Do you still need to pee," asked my mother, "or did you wet yourselves?"

"I peed myself," I said, ashamed.

"I did too," said Kana, and sure enough there was pee down her legs too.

"So did I," said my mother. "Never mind, it was an amazing evening. Let's go home."

Though I'd seen my mother wet herself before, that still felt like such a shock. But then I looked over at her and I saw pee stains on her skirt and down her legs. I blushed even more and laughed a little. It didn't feel so bad if we'd all done it. My father looked aghast - not an omorashi fan!

"Yui! I can hardly believe it! I know Kii-chan and Kana-chan have some problems controlling themselves, but I didn't expect my 34 year old wife, a mother and esteemed scientist, to do the same!"

"Calm down, Ren," she said, "accidents happen. Ladies have a harder time holding it anyway. We'll just go home and wash our clothes, and all we'll remember in future is how fantastic the concert was."

Of course that's not all we remember, we still laugh about the time we all wet ourselves now. I didn't describe the desperation or wetting so much because I wasn't interested in it sexually then so I didn't take so much notice. But I think if any of you had been in my father's place you'd have felt very differently about it.

We all went home with wet panties and soaked socks, lots of people stared at us on the train. But my mother wasn't ashamed, she was still confident even when her boots were squelching with her pee.

I hope you enjoyed our story, as I said it didn't feel right to sexualise it in the same way, because it felt innocent then. But you're free to pleasure yourself to it if you wish.

*004*2014-08-21 07:05

And I'm 27 now and I love omorashi. My mother wasn't into it sexually though (I think), she just couldn't hold it anymore and wasn't ashamed of that. When we were walking home from the train station she actually wet herself again, saying that it didn't matter if she'd done it once and besides, she really needed to go again. My father then refused to sleep in the same bed as her that night, he went to sleep on the couch, even though we all had showers (of the water variety!)

I think it was because she's a scientist so she sees things very logically and understands that every lady has her limit and if she goes too long without a toilet, she'll inevitably pee herself. And that's nothing to be ashamed of, because there's nothing she can do about it otherwise. Whenever I had a humiliating accident in school or in public she'd always comfort me by telling me that - it didn't matter, I could just change my clothes and wash, and we had lots of laundry anyway. I don't know if being so understanding about incontinence encouraged me to love omorashi, but if it did, that's just another reason to love my mother.

*006*2014-08-21 12:25

My parents also know now that I have a kink for it, and they say that it doesn't matter, they still love me, and it's good that I have fun with it. But they were always progressive like that. I was very lucky, I hear about how some people's parents reject them for such things as same sex love and omorashi. When I came out as bisexual they were supportive too, though of course it didn't matter because I married a man anyway.

You can see some more of my childhood stories here:

$/22242-my-awesome-mother/

They're really cute and innocent in a way that my wettings now aren't, because I'm now sexual. Warning though, the second one is a messing accident.

