Christmas present from Joy

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-08-09 21:07

I last left off after Joy had an accident on the band school bus and said that Christmas was coming. She knew that besides any gift I really wanted her to wet herself ("have an accident" even when they were on purpose to her) for me. She said she'd think about it. It was harder to find a time and place for that with so many family around for the holidays. Christmas came and went and she stayed dry (well, dry from pee anyway...)

The day after Christmas we were back over at her grandparents house to eat leftovers with most of the family again, but more laid back. Joy was in a green and red plaid skirt and a red christmas blouse and green knee high stockings. She was super sexy and it was all I could do to keep from throwing her down in the middle of the living room in front of all her family and take her virginity right there, lol.

So I was already pretty charged up when slowly family began to leave and Joy suggested we go to the mall. Her parents were going to stay at the grandparents house for a while longer. So Joy and I got into my car and off we went - but instead of the mall she told me to hurry back to her house while we had a chance to be alone. I gladly complied and pushed the gas a little harder and we sped to her place.

We barely made it inside before we were all over each other, kissing, groping, rubbing... I reached down under her skirt but she stopped me, "First things first," she said, and pulled me into the bathroom, "I've got to pee."

She sat me on the toilet and jumped into the bathtub, slowly pulled her skirt up to her waist, revealing medium dark green panties underneath. She smiled seductively, prentended to be desperate in a cute way for a second, and then spread her legs. The crotch of the panties suddenly turned darker and a steady stream of pee fell down to splatter into the tub while the wet spot slowly expanded a little. I unzipped my pants and began stroking myself slowly while I watched.

She turned around to show the back and then when she was finished she pulled me up and led me to her room to be somewhere a little more sexy than the bathroom. I pushed her against the wall and rubbed her hot, wet panties against her crotch while she stroked me and we kissed hard. Then I slipped my fingers inside her and finished her off before she turned me against the wall and quickly finished me with her mouth. She changed into jeans and new panties and we quickly left before her parents could get back home, but I spent the rest of the afternoon with a big smile on my face. :D

