A gallon a day diary

Author: EmmyMurder

*000*2015-10-23 04:58

So I don't do these experience writings much, in fact I think this is only the second one ever, so I'm sorry for any disjointed train of thoughts, this is quite literally my digital diary and some notes I've kept of my progress that I turned into a story with. Yes I talk to myself in my notes.

So recently I've been doing this drink one water gallon a day thing that was advised from a friend who happens to be a nutritionist. Yeah it has health benefits, yeah it has cons that go along with that, just let me try it for a while, see how it goes. Maybe use this opportunity to get back into omorashi a bit more.

Log

Day 1: This is way too much fluids to incorporate into my schedule, but I'll do my best, it's only the first day so I'm sure it'll become easier. I wonder what others are thinking of me carrying a luggage and a gallon of water to work, don't I need at least one open hand to function like a human? How are other people living under this condition? I almost forgot how to open doors today, what an ordeal that could be. Must Google how to carry water gallon. Oh yeah, you don't need to carry the actual gallon, just drink that amount through whatever container, smh. Must have been why people gave me weird looks. Thought it was because I did good makeup for once. Barely could do half a gallon, maybe I need a straw. WHY MUST I NEED A STRAW FOR A GALLON OF WATER

Glad I didn't finish it all, probably would've had more than one accident with that. Will definitely have to pair this with exercise, might be much more interesting too. And you know what they say, always start slow, and don't kill yourself. Do better tomorrow, do better.

Day 2: So I finally know how much mL was in a gallon, hooray? 3785.412 mL? All that must go through me? My nephew can't even count that high yet. How do I even attempt any holds like this, half my day is at work and I'm not chugging down that much in half the time I'm supposed to have to do it in. Refilled bottle as much as possible, went to bathroom as much as possible, going to see how much I can get down before I'm out.

Wow that was an interesting ride home.

Finished about 3/4th of it, definitely getting there. Will include exercise sessions starting tomorrow to see how it goes.

Day 3: Day off, start with morning jog. After this morning tea because I'm so fancy, you already know. NEW MUSIC IN PHONE: NEW BIG GRAMS EP OMG FANGIRLING RN. Weather is great, music is good, have to pee already but planning to wait until noon. Okay have to pee REALLY badly, more or less 1/4th way through a gallon of fluids. At this point I'm back at home, feeling healthy for once, but definitely a little bloated. WASH IT DOWN WITH COFFEE

So that wasn't a good idea, obviously, holding goal was total failure, actually proud to have held it this long with that much water intake, reminds me of the time when I had to pass a drug test. Yeah sorry I'm not perfect~

Finished whole gallon sometime before midnight, but I'm feeling like it was another bad idea that I dragged it this long. Maybe I should stay up longer. COFFEE? Nononononnoooo maybe insidious 3, I'll probably fall asleep midway anyways. Sorry for the incoming sneak disses that will pursue

Day 4: This feels much smoother to get through now, I actually feel really good compared to before. Or maybe it's because I'm internally becoming one with the water. Either way I think I'll continue this for a while, I feel like a hydrogenated raisin. Yeah I don't know a better analogy. Maybe I'll hit up some bar with friends.

That was the most terrible idea of the week, I had no clue it was going to be this bad of an idea. Didn't even know I could urinate this much, in public, in front of innocent friends, under a street light, in the parking lot, at midnight, with no shoes on. What happened to my shoes? Did I forget them in the bar and just walked out barefooted into concrete gumdrop filled sidewalks and not even feel the slightest thing wrong with that sensation? And I was pretty sure there was no one even following me, I had no personal goal for going outside. Was The Further calling me? I know, stupid. And I'm pretty sure I stood there just by the group car, gazing into the moonlight like a hyena or werewolf, all fours on the floor and everything. Needless to say, what an amazing experience I'm doing this all over again. The same thing all over again, like a plot for an insidious movie. #bars

This is all I have time to edit and filter through, and my description of my life will probably get really repetitive from here on out, so I hope you guys enjoy this interesting take on an omo experience? Let me know if you'd like to hear more, not saying that I'll do it but make me feel popular.

EDIT: In case anyone is interested in this gallon a day thing, it's actually worth trying out if you have the time in your schedule to handle it. Research on it if you'd like. Peace!

