Job interview desperation (male)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-01-09 00:50

About a month ago I was invited to attend a job interview for a very competitive scheme at a large company. My interview wasn't until 12pm, so I woke up around 8, showered, made breakfast and got ready, putting on a grey slim fit suit, white shirt and a tie. I spent the morning preparing, and during that time I drank a couple of large cups of tea to help me wake up and roughly 2 pint glasses of water.

The interview was held on the top floor of a conference centre at my university (the interviews were being held locally rather than the company's offices in the capital), which was luckily within walking distance from my flat (about a 30 minute walk). When I got there, I found the waiting area and spoke to one of the interviewers, an attractive blonde woman in her 30s, who said told me that my interview would start shortly, and to take a seat while I waited. While I was waiting I realised that I needed a piss, not desperately, but bad enough that I decided that it would be a good idea to relieve myself before my interview. I hadn't been since I woke up, and I'd had quite a lot to drink in that time (not to mention tea always makes me need to go). The problem was, I couldn't see a toilet anywhere, and didn't want to embarass myself by asking where they were. I sighed and fidgeted in my chair, realising that I'd just have to hold on until after my interview.

I was waiting around 10 minutes, during which time I chatted to a couple of other candidates who had arrived, before one of the doors opened and my name was called by a gorgeous, smiling woman in her mid 20s, dressed casually in skinny jeans and a jumper, with glasses and curly blonde hair. I was half hoping she would ask me if I needed anything before the interview, at which point I could casually mention I could do with a quick loo break, but instead I was ushered into the room and offered a large cup of water. Despite my growing need to piss, I took a sip, as my mouth was quite dry (both due to nerves and the heat of the room).

After some small talk, she informed me that the interview would last around an hour, after which point I was free to ask any questions. I crossed my ankles tightly and tried not to think about how desperate I'd be after an hour with my bladder steadily filling with tea and water, regretting not having a pee before leaving my flat.

The first half of the interview were fine, but my steadily growing urge to piss was always on the back of my mind. I answered questions confidently, taking frequent sips of the water to stop my mouth drying out. Unfortunately, this was also contributing to the pressure in my bladder, and after 30 minutes I was having to make a concious effort not to fidget in my seat. My interviewer was really nice, and put me at ease, and after she said the words 'right, that's the first part of the interview over' I was extremely tempted to ask if I could go for a quick toilet break before we carried on. Despite my need, I knew that this would make a terrible impression, so instead I bit my lip and decided to just wait it out, shifting position in my seat to try and make myself more comfortable.

We then moved onto the second half, with questions about my experience, skills, and why I wanted to work in the industry. With around 10 minutes left, I was getting really desperate to go, and I was finding it hard to concentrate on answering the questions while sitting still and not letting on how much I had to piss. I was also getting turned on by my situation, knowing that no matter how bursting I was, I had no choice but to hold on and hide how badly I wanted to go.

At long last, the interview was over, and despite wanting to just rush out and find the nearest toilet, I knew I had to ask a few questions about the job and the type of work I'd be doing. My interviewer was very helpful, giving long and detailed answers, which despite being very helpful was prolonging my desperation! FInally, after what felt like an age (but was in fact just a few minutes), it was time to leave, and we stood up and she walked me over to the door. Now I was standing up, I could feel the full weight of my bladder, pushing against the waistband of my suit trousers, and it took quite a lot of effort just to stand up straight and not bounce around on the spot. I was so, so desperate to piss, and I still had to find the toilets without embarassing myself.

After some small talk (and me trying not to show that I was close to leaking into my boxers), we shook hands and she told me that they'd be in touch to let me know whether or not I had make it to the next stage of the application process. We said our goodbyes and at long last I was free to relieve myself, just as soon as I'd found a toilet.

I left the waiting area and walked quickly down the corridor, looking at my watch. It was now just over 5 hours since my last piss, and I was absolutely dying to go. My bladder throbbed with every step, and I gave my cock a quick squeeze through my trousers, desperately hoping there was a toilet. No luck, just meeting rooms. Frustrated and bursting, I hurried down the stairs to the next floor down, getting more and more frantic, and had quick look up and down the corridor. It was deserted, with absolutely no loos in sight. I sighed and pounded down the stairs to the bottom floor, holding my cock tightly to help me hold on. I was close to wetting myself, I had to find somewhere to piss and quickly. I hurriedly made my way to the entrance area. I hadn't seen any toilets as I'd first come in, but maybe I just hadn't been looking closely. Sure enough, I saw a sign marked 'Toilets', pointing through a large double door.

I rushed through with my hand wrapped tightly around my cock, and right in front of me was a door marked 'Gents'. As I walked frantically towards it, I glanced at the reception desk, my heart sinking when I noticed it was closed, wondering if that meant the toilets would be locked. I'd be in seriously trouble if that was the case, as I was only just managing to keep my trousers dry. Luckily for me, the door to the loo was unlocked, and I barged in, undoing my belt as I strode quickly to a urinal. With shaking hands, I urgently unzipped my fly, and the instant I pulled out my cock I let loose a long, gushing piss, sighing with relief.

Hope you enjoyed!

*002*2014-01-10 22:39

{{: 

Very nice story, thanks for sharing!

I just wonder, what you might have done, if the door of the toilet was locked! ;-)

}}

Thanks, I'm not sure what I would have done... there were some university buildings nearby which I knew had toilets, but I was that desperate I probably would've just ran outside and found a nice secluded spot to relieve myself.

*004*2014-01-13 21:41

{{: 

Great story! Glad to hear you didn't wet yourself *during* the interview – though that would have been quite the story! I've been in interview situations like this, though I luckily never got as close to bursting as you did. Interviews can be a recipe for disaster though! There's often a long trip to an unfamiliar location, followed by an indefinite period of waiting (interviews never seem to start on time...) and, if all goes well, the interview itself is quite long! And I can think of few times more awkward to admit you have to pee, than during an interview. I hope you got the job - you deserve it after all that! :-P

}}

Unfortunately I didn't get the job, I wasn't really expecting to as I wasn't qualified or experienced enough but I thought I'd apply for the hell of it lol. Definitely agree with you there, I think I've needed to pee during almost every job interview I've had (I tend to get nervous and end up drinking loads of water), though never as badly as I did this time.

I had another desperate experience today, during a 3 hour exam. I'll write it up on here if anyone would be interested in hearing it.

*006*2014-01-15 20:56

{{: 

Sad you didn't get it! On the other hand, at least since you didn't think you would, the stakes of potentially wetting yourself weren't *quite* as high...

I for one would be very interested in hearing about your exam experience!

}}

The exam was in the morning, so I woke up extra early to do some last minute studying. To wake myself up I had a large cup of tea, and after that I kept taking sips of water to help me concentrate. After about an hour of studying it was time to leave, and by this time I'd drunk about a litre of water along with the cup of tea. I was feeling a slight urge to pee as I was leaving my flat, but as it wasn't urgent I figured I'd just go when I go to the exam venue.

Anyway, the exam was in a building I'd never been to before, so it took me longer than I expected to find the room. As I was searching, I was also on the look out for the toilets, but didn't pass any on the way. I found the exam room just in time, and when I got there people were already walking in. I quickly looked around, but I couldn't see any sign of the toilets, and had no time to go and look for them. I was definitely needing to pee by now, but not wanting to be late for the exam, I had no choce but to follow everyone inside and take my seat.

So there I was, sitting there needing the loo, facing the prospect of sitting through a 3 hour exam with a steadily filling bladder. The invigilators (both women, one in her 50s and the other in her late 20s) began to read out the instructions, and I tried to put my need to pee to the back of my mind, and focus on the exam. We were allowed toilet breaks, but its embarrassing putting up your hand in a room full of people and asking to go to the toilet, especially as one of my women would have to escort me there and back to make sure I didn't cheat, so I decided to just hang on until the end.

The first part of the exam wasn't too bad, and I began to forget the pressure in my bladder as I focused on answering the questions. The exam itself wasn't too difficult but there was a lot to write, so I was concentrating hard to fit in everything I needed to write within the time limit. After about an hour and a half, I was fidgeting around in my seat a bit, trying to get comfortable and distract myself from my need to piss, which by now was getting pretty bad. I bit my lip as I looked up at the clock, realising that I was a bit behind and needed to work more quickly. I really could have done with a pee break but I decided to hold on and just keep working. Besides, the embarassment of having to be escorted to the toilets was stopping me from wanting to put my hand up and ask to go.

I spent the next hour or so becoming steadily more and more desperate to go, but I had to keep my fidgeting discreet. I didn't want to draw too much attention to myself in front of a room full of people, not to mention the invigilators might have become suspicious if I was constantly moving around. I had to make do with keeping my ankles crossed tightly underneath my chair, occasionally fanning my knees in and out or bouncing my legs. I longed to reach down and hold myself through my jeans to help me hold on, but there was no way I could get away with it. The exam room was quite warm, and so I kept taking sips from a bottle of water I'd brought with me, and this didn't help my situation at all.

With half an hour left of the exam, I was confident that I'd finish in time. The problem was, by now I was absolutely dying to go for a piss, and I was getting so desperate to go that I was having difficulty concentrating on the exam rather than the relentless, throbbing pressure in my bladder. I was having to make a concious effort to sit still and not fidget around in my seat, and more and more of my attention was being taken up by the urge to relieve myself. After a couple more minutes of bouncing my knees and squeezing my thighs together, I knew I had to ask. 

I put my hand up, and the younger invigilator saw me and began to walk over. She was actually very attractive, with a kind face and brunette hair, which made the fact that she'd have to escort me to the loo even more embarrassing! She leaned in and I asked her in a whisper if I could go to the toilet. She nodded. 'Yes you can, I'll have to come with you though' she whispered back, a shy smile on her face. I got up from my seat and followed her quietly out of the room. I was so desperate to piss that I could hardly stand up straight, my bladder rock hard.

The door shut behind us and we walked quickly down the corridor. 'Closest toilet is this way, its supposed to be for staff but I'm sure they won't mind' she said smiling, clearly a bit embarrassed at having to escort me. 'Thanks, sorry I wouldn't normally ask to go but I'm really desperate' I said, my voice strained, making her laugh. 'Not a problem, nothing worse than trying to concentrate on something when you're bursting for the loo!' she said sympathetically. We rounded the corner and came to the toilets, and she stood in front of the toilet door, facing me. The door was half open, and I could see the toilet behind her, making me need to go even more. 'I do just have to quickly check your pockets though, to make sure you've not got a phone with you or any exam notes, that kind of thing' she said. 

'Sure' I said breathlessly, shifting subtley from foot to foot while I handed over my wallet and keys, turning my pockets inside out, aware that she was watching me fidget around. I couldn't help it though, I couldn't stand still for a second, especially knowing that relief was right there in front of me. She checked my wallet, and I crossed my legs and bounced up and down on the spot as discretely as I could manage, bending forwards slightly. 'Sorry, I know I'm teasing you, making you wait like this' she said coyly, glancing at my tightly crossed legs. 'It's ok' I said quietly, beginning to blush, realising it was painfully obvious how desperate I was for a pee. 'Thanks, I'll let you go now!' she said, smiling at me as she handed me back my things, stepping away from the door to let me pass. 'Thanks!' I said gratefully, hurrying in and locking the door behind me.

I stepped in front of the loo, frantically tore open my fly and whipped out my cock, letting loose a long stream of piss into the bowl. I sighed with relief, my piss splashing noisily against the water, my bursting bladder emptying at last. I was going for ages, and I must have been peeing for just around a minute, maybe more, sighing loudly as I finally finished. As I was washing my hands, enjoying the feeling of relief washing over me, I suddenly realised that the woman waiting outside the door must have heard me peeing, as the door wasn't particularly thick. I blushed as I dried my hands and opened the door, the woman waiting outside giving me a quick smile before we began to walk back to the exam room. 'Bet you feel better for that' she said cheekily, and I laughed and said that I felt much better, blushing harder as I realised she must have heard my piss as well as my sighs of relief.

The rest of the exam was fine, and I managed to finish in time despite my pee break!

*008*2014-01-16 23:36

{{: 

Oh, how I would have loved to "check your pockets" as you squirmed desperate for a pee! :P

}}

Oh I'd definitely enjoy it too... It was a bit embarassing at the time, but looking back its actually a turn on. I get the feeling she was taking her time on purpose, and enjoyed making me wait clearly knowing how much I needed to go!

Part of me wishes the toilets had been locked or closed for cleaning, so she'd have to escort me back to my exam knowing how desperately I still had to go.

