Barely Made It At Work

Author: Suki

*000*2013-05-14 20:56

I work at a cosplay cafe in Japan, and one of my shifts that day was in the maid section. I will just translate everything that was said here.

I woke up early and quickly got dressed in casual clothing. I walked out of the room to make some tea, but I remembered what happened last time, and I didn't want something like that to happen in public. I ignored the tea, and started to walk to work. The time walking was really peaceful, yet at the same time, I was eager to start the day. As I made it there, I used my key to get in because I was early. After waiting for about thirty minutes, the others arrived. We all started changing in a room that was not visible through a window. We all wore black and white, frilly dresses that flattered our figure. Our boss walked in and applauded. She was really nice, and had a great sense of fashion.

As we opened the cafe, I was assigned the job to get drinks for others. As the other employees were taking orders, I was getting drinks. A man raised his hand and I walked up to him. "May I have some water?"

I bowed, "Yes, Sir." I walked away, and started getting water and ice. I noticed a twinge in my bladder, but tried to ignore it. I looked at the clock; I just got started, so it will be hours away before I can use the restroom. I got the drink to the man, and he thanked me kindly. I just smiled. I knew that I wouldn't do a good job because of my bladder. I kept taking orders and orders of drinks as my bladder filled up. Looking at and hearing the liquid sloshing made it much worse.

I kept doing my job, but eventually, my bladder started to give up. I clenched my legs together as tightly as possible and basically inched my way everywhere. When I got into the room that only other workers could see me in, I put my hands between my legs to get rid of some pressure. I moaned slightly as I did so. I felt a dampness in my white panties, and realized that I started to leak a little. I shut my eyes tight as I put all my effort into holding it in. I felt a familiar hand on my back, and I opened my eyes. My boss was next to me, with a sympathetic expression. "Do you really need to use the restroom that bad?" She asked.

I was shaking desperately, with a few tears running down my face. I felt like I was about to wet myself right there. I nodded frantically. She held onto my shoulders and guided me to a toilet. "Don't worry, hold on for just a little bit longer." She got me to the toilet as I barely got my dress up and panties down. I immediately sat on the toilet and let go. A large sound was echoing through the room, but I didn't care. I was so relieved, I made many moans and I started drooling a little. When I was done, I was greeted by her giving me a new pair of panties. They were black and lacy. I put them on and thanked her a lot.

"No problem at all!" She said, smiling. I quickly bowed and rushed off back to work.

I was afraid I wasn't going to make it to the toilet that day, but thanks to my boss, I managed to not wet myself. I couldn't thank her enough.

*005*2013-05-15 21:15

Thank you everyone, if it wasn't for all of you, and the entire community, I wouldn't have worked up the courage to post here!

