I Failed The Pee Challenge

Author: Minnie

*000*2014-01-27 04:04

So I heard of this "pee challenge" on here and decided to try it for myself.

Here's the link in case any of you guys want to try it too: http://www.misterpoll.com/polls/522622

So I started the quiz having to pee pretty badly because I'd be holding for around 4 hours prior. It started telling me to drink two cups of water and wait 30 minutes so I did. I figured it wouldn't be a big deal and I could handle it. As the time passed by however, I realized I was definitely mistaken. I had to pee BAD. Finally, half an hour passed and I came across a challenge with a link to a YouTube video of the sound of rain. Boy, that really did it for me. The whole video was 10 minutes long and it says you have to wait through the whole thing. I was squirming and clenching myself by the end of it, literally on the very edge of wetting myself right there on the couch in my pyjama pants. It told me to drink another two glasses of water so I did.

Then, it told me to repeat any of the five previous challenges. I picked the rain water video again because I knew it would finish me off and I'd never made myself wet just from sounds before. I barely got maybe 3 minutes into the video before the noises drove me crazy. I pushed heavily on my bladder and a lot of pee came spurting out into my pyjama pants. I let go and I couldn't do anything about it anymore, I had no more control over my bladder. I sat there on the couch with my mouth wide open as I felt the warm pee come rushing out of me, relief washing over my entire body. It felt so good to just piss right there on the couch!! I peed and peed for a few minutes and now I'm sitting here, typing this up while I sit in my wet mess. I think I'll go again before I get up and change.

*002*2014-01-30 02:46

{{ 

No, doing the same is not my rhing. But you tell a very interesting story and I thought I would be standing there and looking. Very realistic, thank you! Did you try to do it again? Does it works especially when it is the first time or is the effect always the same .

}}

This was actually the first time I tried it, my other story was the second. I found the effects to be the same with either one, honestly.

*004*2014-01-30 09:17

{{ 

Perhaps you should do it with coffee or tea next time because those liquids really run through you so quick, it's unreal. :p

}}

I've heard that a lot, but I'm not really much of a coffee or tea drinker :/ unless it's an iced cap, but I can't get my hands on one.

*006*2014-01-30 20:43

{{ 

Hmm I heard alcohol does have a similar effect, but I don't drink so I could be wrong. How many liters can you usually hold before totally losing control, on average?

}}

To be completely honest, I have no idea how all that math works with converting ml into litres, but I'd say an average cup is around 250ml, and I can drink maybe 3 or 4 cups before losing it.

And I've heard the same about alcohol, but like you, I don't drink.

*008*2014-02-01 05:10

Very true :) it's so nice to finally just go right where you are.

