The First of Many

Author: MrXavier

*000*2013-01-03 04:00

So I suppose the best place to start in terms of experiences was the time I saw my first accident in real life. Up until this point in my life I’d only ever seen girls peeing, and some occasional desperation.

It was at a party at a friend’s house in the summer of 2007, I was 14 at the time. His parents had gone away on a little getaway with each other so logically, with a free house at his disposal, he had a party. We’d only really had a few opportunities to drink at this age so everyone was pretty much getting off their head.

Anyway, the party was good and the bulk of people left around 1ish in the morning. I was sleeping over at the house so I stayed. At around half-1 I was sat on the stairs just relaxing while the rest of my friends were downstairs, most of them passed out actually. A girl I knew called Chantelle came upstairs to go to the toilet and quickly made her way to the bathroom, the door was just next to me on the stairs. A few seconds later another girl called Chloe came up the stairs as fast as she could, she was fairly drunk. Chloe was very attractive in my opinion; she had shoulder-length ginger hair, ebony eyes which complemented it well. She just a wore a pink thigh-length dress bar her underwear and was barefoot. She darted past me without even acknowledging me, she quickly tried opening the bathroom door but quickly found it was locked.

“Who is it?!” I heard Chantelle ask from the inside.

“Chloe, Chan please hurry up I’m dying for a wee!!!” Chloe replied.

Chloe whimpered as she finished the sentence and let herself fall on to her knees, she rested on them bouncing up and down in desperation, her hands were pressed tightly against her crotch. At this point I getting very aroused, I’d known about my fetish for a while now but I’d never actually seen an accident, plus since I was going through puberty desperation set me off very easily. After a minute Chloe was fidgeting in place furiously, she was lent against the wall with her knees drawn up to her stomach. Since she was drunk she didn't realize how much she was showing, I had a pretty great view of her crotch, she wore thin pink cotton panties. I heard her whimper much more loudly than before and suddenly I saw a part of her panties go damp.

She whimpered loudly again and quietly said “Oh no, oh fuck”

She leaked a large amount into her panties, some escaped and began dribbling down her thigh. She fidgeted and put her hand on her crotch for a moment to assess the damage. At the same time the toilet flushed and Chloe darted to her feet. She stood there in place as more leaked out of her, I saw wee dribbling down the backs of her pale, tightly pressed together legs. Chantelle opened the door and Chloe pretty much pushed her out the way and slammed the door in a Chantelle’s shocked face.

Chantelle made her way down the stairs and asked me to join her but I declined saying I needed to text someone. After she went into the front room I looked where Chloe had been standing, there was a large wet patch on the carpet about the size of a large fist. A few moments later I heard a flush and Chloe came out of the bathroom and made a bee-line straight for the guest room. As she walked past I noticed her legs were drenched, that much so I could visibly tell with ease. I glanced into the bathroom and saw pee all over the floor, the rug in the bathroom was drenched. Chloe shut the door to the guest room, I went downstairs.

She came downstairs a few minutes later, she stayed quiet until she fell asleep. I was the last one awake around 2, before I went to bed I decided to glance in the guest room, just to satisfy my curiosity. I saw a pair of pink panties resting over Chloe’s handbag, a few discarded wet tissues around it. They had a massive wet patch on them and stunk of pee (I didn't need to sniff them or anything like that they just filled the room with the scent.). Needless to say I went to sleep happy that night, quite appropriately next to Chloe as well.

Anyway hope you lot enjoyed this as much as I did recalling it, I've got more of these so if you want to hear more just say.

