All of My Omorashi Experinces

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-05-09 19:54

I've decided to put together EVERY SINGLE omo moment from my life, from my earliest memory to today, and I don't think I'm very lucky. SIGH. Tell me wither I'm lucky or not.

When I was 3, my mom used to babysit these two 12 year old twins, and believe it or not, I guess they kinda babysat me a bit, so of course I took them as mature adults. Well, one hot day, our plumbing was out so they couldn't use the bathroom like they usually did. Mom made us chocolate chip cookies to eat outside(Alabama is so hot in the summer), and a wasp started swarming around us. We started shooing it away, and I ignored the girls for a while so I could eat in peace, and I heard one of them scream and saw the wasp buzz really close to her. When Mom told us to shut the door so it didn't get in the house, the girl completely wet herself in front of me. I think that was when my omorashi fetish started, but I didn't realize it for a while.

When I was 6, I woke up having to go really badly, but the toilet next to my room was broken, so I had to go downstairs and I started peeing myself as I ran downstairs, and by the time I got to the toilet, there was nothing left. I forgot what my mom said though.

In 2nd grade, there were 2 girls who always went to the bathroom almost every day and at various times, so eventually Mrs. Fox got tired of it and when we played a game, they weren't allowed to go. Eventually, Kayla had to stand up and started dancing and jumping around, and Mrs. Fox told her to stand still, and some part of me was hoping she'd wet. Another boy started grabbing his crotch, and just when Kayla looked ready to lose it, Mrs. Fox told us the game was over and let her and Matthew(The boy)go.

When I was 7, I was watching a movie and I didn't want to get up, but when I did, I realized I needed to use the bathroom pretty badly, and when I tried to run, I made a huge puddle on the floor. I didn't cry though, which I find odd considering how old i was at the time.

When I was in 4th, I met a friend who was my dad's friend's daughter, and her cousin would visit every week, and at one point it was just me and her. I was playing in Emily's(My friend)room when I heard Andreana said she needed to pee really badly. I ran downstairs when I heard 2 loud screams and Andreana ran past me on the stairs and into the bathroom. When I opened the door and asked what happened, she was holding her soaked panties in one hand and she replied: "Aunt Kim scared me when I was walking upstairs and I wet myself." I realized she wasn't crying, even though she was 8 at the time.

When I was in 5th grade, I started hanging around with some 8 year olds(I know, I'm nerdy) every day, and one time Hope told us she needed to pee really badly, so Melissa told her to go, but Hope responded with she was too lazy, so we let it go. At one point when we were blowing bubbles on Melissa's porch steps, Hope suddenly jumped up and ran down the steps yelling: "I'm starting to wet myself!" I almost spilled the bubble dish trying to follow her back home, and of course everyone else followed me there as well. When we got back, she had changed her jeans and was wearing a brown flowery skirt.

Another time in 5th grade, I woke up in a weird position, and I realized I had to pee really badly. When I tried to get out of bed, a couple spurts came out and soaked my sheets. I had to walk about a CM a minute to make sure I wouldn't make a mess. to this day, my parents still don't know.

In 6th grade, for the summer I visited my dad's great-grandmother for a few weeks, and she slept mostly, so I got away with all kinds of wettings-in a cup, getting really desperate and then bursting, those kinds of things. I went outside most of the time just because it felt so good and naughty.

One time in 6th grade, it was the night of my band concert and mom had me running around our apartment complex doing errands and I had to pee really badly, and when I finally did get home, when I was trying to take my panties off, I peed a little in them and on the floor.

In February, I was talking with someone on here and I needed to go really badly, but since it was like 1 AM on a school night, I didn't want to get out of bed and make dad angry. I forced a couple spurts onto my mattress when I heard the sirens and was out of there before you could say bed-wetting.

A few weeks ago in band, I was too lazy to go to the bathroom before class, so I got a little desperate, but when I got to Science, I realized I needed to go or I'd be wet, and I almost peed myself in that class. I had to ask the teacher for a bathroom pass.

In April, I was wearing a dress to school, so when I went to the bathroom at the end of the day, I peed a little in my underwear and wore them home and for the whole rest of the day just because it felt so awesome. Nobody ever found out either.

Yesterday, I was feeling so daring, so I peed in a cherry 7-Up bottle that we had with our dinner a few nights ago, and I surprisingly got almost all of it in.

So, there's all of my omorashi moments from when I was 3 to yesterday. Tell me wither I'm lucky or not. ^^

*008*2011-05-11 19:34

{{:

That's a lot. How old are you now?

Do you also wet yourself for fun or just on accident?

}}

I'm in the 7th grade, 13 now.

I had some accidents when I was younger, as shown on here, but after a while I just did it for fun,

Also, some desperation scenes I didn't mention here:

A boy and girl in 3rd grade almost wet themselves during a fire drill after being told they couldn't go.

When I first met Emily, we and her cousin went out roller balding in a church parking lot and she sprained her ankle and suffered some bad desperation as we tried to get her into her house.

Lots of desecration from both Writing and Study Hall.

In 4th grade, I was reading to the preschoolers when a girls started running back and forth from the bathroom.

Once during the summer, I went out to eat at McDonald's and saw a girl who had wet stains on her clothing and smelled like pee, so I told her mom, who reported that was from earlier.

Sorry that I didn't include these before. ^^

*014*2011-07-03 04:24

Thanks for all the feedback everyone, I really appreciative it.

I also remembered when I was like 9 or 10 and I had drunken a lot of Coke on my grandparents' farm, and a sheep almost bit me when I was hiding and I felt a little come into my panties but I stopped the flow.

I'm not necoring, just thanking everyone for the feedback and sharing one last experience.

*017*2011-07-19 01:50

Okay, I recall one more where I was staying over at Emily's house and her mom's niece and nephew were staying over, and we were pretending to put on a show, and after a while we got sent to bed early and I heard that Angel(3)had wet herself, but I didn't get to see it.

*019*2011-07-20 03:55

{{:

You are pretty lucky, by a lot. Though a whole lot more detail would be appreciated (rather than a brief recap of incidents). But most of it is you almost losing it. Have you thought about wetting yourself entirely in your clothes, like in the bathtub?

}}

I have wet myself in the bathtub, but I didn't have my clothes on at the time. And that's pretty much all there was to the accidents, if I could add more detail to them then that I would. XP

*021*2011-07-20 16:55

I have a really good memory so I memorized all of them. And thank you!

*023*2011-07-22 02:04

{{:

Well, what I was trying to get was that you just described that you did wet yourself. Details include what you were wearing, the color, what the puddle was like, how it came out, what it all felt like, what you were thinking in the moment before/after, how long it took to finish, any sounds you might've heard, what was your breathing like, etc.

}}

Well, I don't know which accident you want me to do since the ones when I was really little I have no good memory of emotions to tell about.

