My Last Pee Play With A Female Partner

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-01-22 19:45

A recent post brought back a pleasant memory of the last time I enjoyed pee play with a female partner, about 7 years ago.

After the rancor of our divorce receded about ten years after it happened my ex-wife and I would occasionally get together for sex with the ex. One day she called to invite me over for dinner and some fun. While we were married, although she often held her pee, she denied sharing my pleasure in the activity. Nevertheless she did accommodate my desires on occasion.

She called on this day about 4PM. On a whim I said I have to pee right now how about I hold it, and you hold your and we can have a contest, trying not to but eventually wetting our pants because we can’t stop the flow. She readily agreed. When I arrived at her home about an hour later her eyes went immediately to my crouch. I asked her what she was doing and she replied since I told her I was holding my pee she wanted to see if I had done anything. I had not and told her you know my strong bladder and unwillingness to wet unless I can’t stop so that was still a ways off. Preparing dinner she kept crossing her legs tightly and bending over to hold her pee.

We had dinner about 5:30 during which I had 3 12 oz. US beers. By 8PM we were getting pretty desperate, and began to grab myself. She was doing the same, but when she coughed a short time later a small wet spot appeared and she said she couldn’t hold it any longer, because of the pain and she gave in soaking her jeans. I watched a small wet spot grew and placed my hand on her warm wetting pussy. I kept struggling, and by 8:30 since she had already peed she offered to hold my pee for me. She pressed her hand on my dick against my leg.

I told her that I am so close to losing it if that is all she could do her hand was about to get wet. She said that was ok. Within a short time I started to leak getting her hand wet but she did not mind. She kept her hand there for a few more spurts until my crouch was soaked. We then went to the tub and just like I had done to her she placed her and in my crouch getting it soaked with pee as I flooded my jeans. The last good sex with a partner I have had followed. She admitted being turned on by the pee play. Unfortunately circumstances have prevented another occurrence.

(Current Need to Pee Status 5)

