Childhood memories

Author: jayjay5

*000*2013-05-28 22:57

I spent a long time lurking on this website and eventually decided to make an account. I've finally got the nerve to share an experience I had at school quite some time ago.

As a child I had a habit of waiting until the very last second before I went to the bathroom. I was either too embarrassed to ask or far to interested in what I was doing. I had many situations where I leaked a considerable amount into my underwear. I was so used to this that I thought it was quite normal but wetting my trousers was a big no!

This particular time has stuck vividly in my head. I was about 7 or 8, far too old to be in the situation I ended up in.

My class had just ended and I had been kept in for 5 minutes after everyone else because I had been messing about in the classroom when I was meant to be working. Lunch time was the highlight of my day because struggled to stay out of trouble in the classroom. I was annoyed that I'd already missed some of my lunch hour and was in a rush to get out onto the playground. I knew I needed to pee a bit but didn't want to waste my precious lunch time on that so I decided to go when I came back in.

I ran out onto the playground and played happily for quite a while before my class was called to lunch. I raced into the dining hall and realised quite quickly that I needed to pee rather badly. I was too embarrassed to ask the adult in the hall if I could go to the toilet before I got my lunch so I decided to wait it out and go after I'd eaten.

I remember standing in the line trying to be subtle so no one would notice that I needed to go. Looking back, I wonder how no one realised the dilemma I was facing because I distinctly remember wiggling around and holding my crotch intermittently to try to ease off the pressure. Eventually (after what felt like an eternity) I got to the front of the queue and was served my lunch. I remember feeling quite relieved when I sat down. I'm not sure if this was because I found it easier to hold on whilst sitting or because I was one step closer to some sort of relief.

Looking back, I am sure at this point I could have told an adult that I was desperate to pee and they would have let me go and come back for my food. However, we were always taught we couldn't leave the table until we had finished all of our food. The 7/8 year old me thought these rules applied no matter what and I was kicking myself for not asking to go before I got my food.

All I remember about the actual meal was writhing about on my seat trying to hold on. I must have eaten in record time because I can't really remember much about sitting at the table, but when I stood up, gravity hit me like a ton of bricks and I let a spurt go into my pants. This was the beginning of my undoing and I knew it. I remember standing there desperately squeezing my crotch trying to keep everything at bay for the last few minutes. I put my lunch tray away and started to make a run for it up the corridor.

I remember thanking my lucky stars because I knew at this point there was a good chance I'd make it to the toilet with only wet underwear (the best I could hope for at this point!) Luck was not, however, on my side. As I turned the corner to the part of the school with the boys toilets, a hall monitor (an older child) stopped me and asked to see my pass showing I had asked an adult if I could use the toilet. Of course, I had run out of time to do this and had made a mad dash for the toilets without even thinking about that.

I remember standing in front of the monitor desperately wiggling around and pulling at my crotch, trying to explain that I hadn't had time when I let another spurt go into my underwear, and another.. and then they just kept coming.

The monitor let me go into the toilet but I knew there was already going to be a wet patch on my trousers where I was holding myself. I remember as I started to run in, I started to pee full force and by the time I made it to the toilet, I had already soaked my trousers.

Strangely after that, I don't remember what happened. I think I must have changed into the school's spare clothes or something because I wasn't sent home (my parents couldn't have picked me up). This is the most vivid of my experiences, the rest are more vague... But I hope someone appreciates this

*003*2013-05-29 13:19

{{ 

Interesting story.

I don't know whether you have experimented with holding it now as an adult...some people here have, others haven't or haven't done it yet. But if you have, how would you compare what it feels like to wet now VS what it felt like when you were a kid? Well, I mean if you can remember it clearly enough. I can only remember ever wetting my pants once as a kid, when I was in 1st grade (around maybe 7 years old). And I would say that I think now it's a completely different feeling than what it would have been like as a kid. I'm talking about the moment when you actually lose control. I think as a kid, it happened much more suddenly, and it's a lot harder or even impossible to stop. For me now as a young adult, I know when that moment is about to happen. I wonder what the physiology is behind it...stronger sphincter maybe?

}}

I have experimented a bit. I have found though that, as an adult, I simply cannot lose control. I have grown up to have surprisingly good bladder control, considering how often I would have near accidents as a child.

I remember lots of little details about near accidents as a child, like one time I was playing hide and seek, I must have been about 9 at this point and I realised I was desperate to pee and shortly after realising I needed to go, I started to leak into my underwear. I cannot remember anything else about that situation, whether I made it or not. As an adult I have too much control and holding it just ends up hurting rather than becoming uncontrollable. Even in situations when I've been caught short in public, I've just ended up in pain rather than losing control.

{{ 

The sad thing about me is i can't remember my childhood; the only way for me to remember is through flashbacks and they are very random!

}}

I have large chunks of my childhood missing, the only things I remember are vivid little snippets like this one. Some of which have only come back to me in the last few years.

*005*2013-05-29 16:30

{{ 

I remember wetting my pants 3 times as a child. In none of the incidents did I lose it completely, I was always able to get the flow stopped. I was age 9-12 during these wettings .The worst wetting was the second of the day and I peed a lot soaking my white briefs but nothing soaked into my pants.

$/12980-genesis-of-my-strong-bladdermy-childhood-age-9-12-wettings/

The same holds true today, except once I have slowly over time leaked enough to wet my jeans, I let the rest out.

}}

I have read that post previously, it struck a cord with me (couldn't comment on it as I haven't got the permissions to post on something posted more than 60 days ago).

Soaking my underwear was what I ended up doing fairly frequently as a child for reasons similar to yours (not wanting to admit it to others and so on... as well as simply not wanting to get up and leave whatever I was doing). Clearly my bladder control was not as good as yours as I remember using the toilet a number of times during the day. Considering how often my underwear was urinated in, I am surprised my parents never picked up on it. I was toilet trained at day care though, so I wonder if that has something to do with the fact I never really realised until the last moment / often did some in my underwear.

