There couldn't be a more perfect time - I finally told my girlfriend

Author: TenaKev

*000*2013-07-23 17:23

So I've been dating my GF for almost a year and a half now. I've wanted to tell her about my wetting fetish since practically the beginning, but there's never been a good moment. I even planned it out a few times, but the plans never panned out.

Last weekend, I finally got the opportunity, and I didn't even have to plan anything. In fact I couldn't have planned this. Here's how it happened.

She stayed the night on saturday. We had a busy day, and she had worked so we were both pretty tired. Instead of the usual, we just went to sleep. The next morning she was feeling a bit frisky, so we were fooling around. I was having trouble staying hard (not unusual when pee isn't involved). She was also having trouble keeping herself going at the time. It was like we were flip flopping.

We had basically just decided that it wasn't going to happen, when she says "I think I know what my problem is. I really have to pee!"

I was still on top of her, and instantly perked right back up. She was a bit surprised. I was somewhat embarrassed.

Despite my embarrassment, I declared "Well I guess there's no better time to tell you..."

"tell me what?" she replies.

"Well I have this... ummm.... thing..."

"Thing?"

"Yeah, umm... I have a fetish.... for....pee" I say bashfully. "specifically desperation." I say. "Like if I know you have to go, that gets me excited."

A couple weeks ago she was super desperate while we were having our goodnight kiss, she was bouncing up and down at the door and stopped the kiss short cause she had to go bad. I told her how that set me off and how excited I was on my way home that evening.

I then told her how much I would have liked it if she had had and accident in front of me.

Her response to that was simply "Really????"

She wasn't disgusted, she wasn't turned off, and surprisingly she hasn't had any questions.

I of course let her get out of bed to go pee in the toilet, but i secretly wished she would have indulged me by leaving her panties on when she did it.

So far the topic hasn't come back up, but it hasn't affected out day to day relationship in any way either. There's been no awkward moments. Everything is just like normal.

I plan to bring it up again when she stays the night tonight. We'll see what happens.

