A Day Alone

Author: Captain L

*000*2015-01-03 21:43

This is the only desperation story that I can tell, because I don't get much time in this house to myself. My sister isn't home most of the time in college, but I still have to deal with my mom and dad, and my brother's nurse for a while (I don't have to worry about him seeing anything with all his handicaps, and the nurse is done with him now). As you can imagine, this makes it pretty difficult to have a day dedicated to desperation, because I'm not doing that with people around. But sometimes I get lucky, everyone else has things to do, and I have the house to myself for a day. And this is what happened on the only day I made good use of it.

To make the most of my time, I drank plenty of water to fill up quickly, though not too much and spaced out so I didn't feel sick. And that's where the waiting game comes in, so I just did whatever it is I normally do. Watch TV, browse the internet, play games, nothing out of the ordinary. It was about an hour or two later when I was starting to feel the pressure. That's where the problems started to set in. I have a pretty low focus already, and having a full bladder only serves to distract me more. Which basically meant that I wasn't going to be able to do much else before I needed to satisfy the pressure. I certainly wasn't ever going to wet myself (you know, other person doing the laundry and all that), so it all came down to when I gave in and went to the bathroom.

And I was afraid that was going to happen sooner than I planned. Whether it was because of the desperation or just a normal occurrence, I was getting horny. And because it only serves as something else to pull my attention, I deal with it the same way any single guy does, and I always follow it up with a pee, to the point it's a natural response now, and that's something I obviously didn't want to do yet. But I couldn't just leave my erection hanging, which meant I had one option; sitting on the toilet with my pants down and doing something that made my body want to relieve myself worse. Great plan.

Surprisingly, it didn't go as badly as I expected. I didn't lose control like I'm sure some of you were hoping, but it certainly didn't help. The pressure increased, and I was getting tired of bearing it. About another hour later, I felt like ending the day's activities. Not uneventfully, of course, I decided to have one last hurrah with it. I grabbed an empty soda bottle on the counter and took it into the bathroom because I have a thing for pee in containers. Wasn't exactly an optimal bottle, it had a pretty narrow top and that causes issues for a male who's still a little aroused enjoying a holding.

I could only stick my...object a centimeter in, and that meant I could only empty my pretty full bladder a few seconds at a time, or else there'd be a backflow. The bottle filled a few drips at a time, taking around 5 minutes before nothing else was coming out. I gently removed the full bottle and twisted the cap, and the strange part was that after the path was cleared, I started peeing again, and a surprising amount; it was the same amount I would if I went to the bathroom casually. No idea why I couldn't let that out when the bottle was still present, but it wouldn't have worked so well anyway.

I took a picture of the bottle too. I swear, I didn't intend the irony of the flavor, it was just the empty bottle we had.

*004*2015-01-04 17:54

{{: 

If you have your room in the house, you can do it more often in your jeans. You finish with peeing, go to the shower and wash your peed pants under shower, then take it back to your room and let dry them.

But next day it will not be dry, so you must have another pants :-)

}}

I share the room with my brother, which means my dad is liable to come in at any point to check on him, take care of him, things like that.

{{: 

It's always helpful to volunteer to do your own laundry. That way, you don't have to worry abut the consequences of an "accident". When I was 12, my mother was pleased that I started doing my own laundry and cleaning my own room. She had no idea why!

}}

Believe me, my mom would get suspicious if I suddenly offered to do laundry. We bunch everyone in the house's laundry together, it's uncommon to do your own. Only way I could get away with it is if I happened to have the day to myself when it's almost time for the laundry to be done, and then claim I needed my pants washed because I was out.

