Road trip with GF and cousins

Author: WiiGuy86

*000*2013-10-27 05:24

One of the few accidents I ever witnessed, I'll give a little background and tales of desperation throughout, but if you want to skip to the wetting go to paragraph 5

Years ago, when I was 18, my then girlfriend, Paulina, my 17 year old male cousin Dave, and my 16 year old female cousin Sarah, decided to drive 16 hours half way across the country to visit my grandmother for a week. No one in the car knew of my fetish, and although I did 80% of the driving, I had no intentions of trying to fuel it on this trip. This would have been hard anyway since me and Dave had the weakest bladders. We would always make fun of Dave growing up for how frequently he had to go. I consider myself pretty average.

Paulina was kind of wierd about pee, she had an above average bladder and could frequently go the school day without going, she was sometimes shy about having to pee and sometimes wasn't. For example one time when we were coming to my place after school I got distracted by a friend needing a ride home, then had to stop to get gas, then had to stop to pick something up from the store, the whole time she seemed slightly uncomforable but said nothing, when we finally got back to my house she gushed and gushed while I listened from outside, she must have been dying... but there were also other times when she would very openly state her need...

Sarah was a camel. She never went at school and often bragged about it. She hated public bathrooms and was super shy about talking about pee (except with me and Dave). Despite this I had seen her push her limits a lot growing up. One friday when she was probably 14 my Mom and I picked up Dave and Sarah from school and took them to a movie, then back to our house for a sleepover. So when we picked her up, she hadn't gone all day, we went to the movie, and we all got huge sodas. During the movie she was sitting in between my and my Mom and she was dying but was trying to hide it from my Mom. 

After the movie the bathroom lines were super long, so my Mom asked if it was okay if we just left. Of course Sarah didn't object. It was a half hour car ride home, so by the time we got back it had been 12 hours and that huge soda for her. My Dad was in the master bathroom upstairs showering, Dave bolted into the ground floor bathroom, and Sarah and I headed for the second floor guest bathroom. During the ride she had unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans to hold herself directly (she made a point to sit right behind my Mom so she couldn't see). So anyway, I raced up the steps and turned around, she was genuinely struggling to walk up the stairs, her face was beat red and she was starting to cry, so I just let her into the bathroom first. Again I listened and she went forever, and when she was done she got her night bag and went into my room, probably to change her panties.

So anyway, the road trip, I picked Paulina up at 10AM, and we drove the hour to my aunts house, where we hung out untl about 12 then got on the road. We were discussing when were going to stop for dinner when Sarah already started making fun of Dave saying he was going to need a pee break in a few hours anyway. Sure enough by 3 we were stopping so he could go. I kind of had to go too and both girls also went. We got some gas and I let Paul drive until dinner which we stopped for at about 6 (and all peed again)

And this is where the fun begins, after about 2 more hours of driving, we passed a sign that said last rest stop for 100ish miles. Paulina asked if we could stop at not the upcoming stop but the one in 100+ miles. I told her that that would be at least 90 minutes and that I didn't mind stopping now, but she insisted on waiting for the next one.

We got about half way through that when I noticed her get quiet and start to show signs of desperation. She was leaning forward with an anxious look on her face and occasionally rubbing her legs. A few times we passed exits (there were exits between designated rest areas, at least every 5 miles) and she seemed to contemplate saying something but didn't.

With about 30 miles to go, she started breathing funny and asked if I could get off at the next exit. A few miles later we got to the next exit, but there didn't seem to be anything there with a bathroom, so I asked if I should get off anyway or go to the next one. She told me to go the next one, with a mile left to that one we hit traffic. She started to panic and finally admitted that she had to pee. She started saying things like "oh god oh god" and telling us that she had never had to pee so bad in her life and didn't know if she was going to make it. She actually asked me how mad I would be if she peed in the car. I told her it would be alright but please try not to and tried to reasure her. I think she would have actually gotten out but there was a cop on the shoulder.

She had abandoned her composure, her pants were unbuttoned and her hand was massaging her crotch, her face beet red, constantly whining about how bad she had to go and telling herself she could make it.

Finally we got off the exit, she was absolutely frantic. I pulled up to a fast food restaurant and she jumped out and started hobbling in. The three of us followed her (me because I was in a state of my own at this point and could hardly even process a thought) and my cousins cause they were gonna pee while we were there too.

Anyway, but the time she got in the place her butt was already visibly wet, she walked across to the bathroom... locked. She let out a wail of agony and pushed up against the wall. She was starting to cry hard as pee came out in big loud jets. After a few of these huge leaks, he pants were soaked, but she managed to stop. A confused looking kid came out of the bathroom and she rushed in. She was in there for about 10 minutes then she threw the door open and marched to the car without saying a word. My cousins and I all peed and went back to the car. She had gotten a towel out of the trunk and was leaning against the door. I tried to comfort her and my cousin tried to lighten things up with a joke, but she wouldn't talk. I drove to a different fast food place across the street and she went in there to change, she didn't say another word until hours later when we stopped for gas and I cheered her up.

I was pretty confused by the whole thing, on one hand it was the honestly the hottest thing I thing I had ever seen, I remember watching her having an accident in the restaurant and thinking I must be having a wet dream cause stuff like this only happened online. Then I felt terrible for the next 3 horus in the car ride for a. not getting her to a bathroom on time b. because she was in pain, and c. because I had gotten so aroused at the event that led to her being really hurt.

There was some other desperation on the trip, but I'm posting this one because its pretty much the only true accident I've witnessed... and I thought you guys might enjoy it ;)

