Kay & Loki's Double Wetting

Author: KayLeigh

*000*2013-05-29 07:02

"Legs shoulder-width apart, arms by your side. No moving, no holding."

It had been 20+ hours since either had used the bathroom last, and we were battling out our last seconds.

Loki stood in the shower, shirt off, jeans on, and I stood opposite him, outside the shower in nothing but my pyjama pants and a bra.

"I don't think I can hold out much longer." he moaned, trying his hardest to stay standing.

"Need any help?" I grinned.

Without waiting for an answer, I stepped forward and thrust my hand into his bladder.

"Nyaa~"

He doubled over, grimacing.

"Something wrong?" I asked cheekily.

"I... I'm leaking."

I stepped back, and he tried to straighten up, a small dark spot appearing on his jeans.

"Come on, hold it back."

"I.... I can't..." he clenched his eyes shut, and I heard a small trickling sound as his pee cascaded down his jeans and into the shower tray.

"Hold it back."

"I physically can't." he half smiled, straightening up.

It was then that I felt myself leak a little.

My bladder was spasaming hardcore.

"Is someone struggling?" Loki smiled as he finished wetting.

"Maybe a little."

He pressed his hand into my bladder, and I couldn't help but shudder at the feeling.

"Does someone need to pee?" he whispered into my ear, his warm breath tickling my neck.

"Yeah," I replied, "and I want you to make me lose it."

With that, he began to massage my bladder hard, and bit into my neck.

I shivered and moaned, trying my hardest to keep control, but slowly losing the fight to pleasure.

The biting intensified, and it was all I could do to stop myself from crying out.

A spurt escaped, dampening my underwear.

"I... I don't have much time left..." I whispered.

"Then how about I ramp this up a notch?" he drew back and smiled.

I closed my eyes in concentration, as the massaging grew harder to ignore, and then something happened that caused me to leak significantly.

A swift bite to my nipple made me gasp and lose concentration for seconds.

His tongue and teeth caressed it gently, and my moaning grew louder, my urethra twitching.

"L...Loki..." I gasped, and he drew back.

"Close?"

"You have no idea."

Then his teeth came down on my other nipple, catching me off guard, and making my body tremble.

Urine began to trickle lightly from my urethra, dampening my underwear further, and with the massaging finally taking its toll, my walls crumbled.

Hot pee began to gush out, soaking my underwear, cascading down my legs, a wet patch spreading up my bum and down the legs of my flannelette pyjama pants.

He lifted his face to mine, kissing me passionately as I wet, his hand slackening against my lower abdomen.

Slowly he drew away, and watched as I continued to soak myself, not even bothering to try and hold back anymore.

A minute passed at least, and I reluctantly looked down to see how bad the damage was as I continued to wee.

The bathroom floor was flooded.

My pee had spread from in front of the shower, almost out the door of the bathroom, around our bar-freezer, soaking the bath mat and covering nearly every square inch of floor.

"Maybe you should have been standing in the shower too..." Loki muttered as I looked back to him.

"This is gonna be hell to clean..." I replied, my stream dwindling off.

Needless to say, much mopping and washing happened this morning, when I got out of bed.

(I'm secretly hoping to do this again, as it was quite possibly the sexiest thing I've ever experienced.)

