How my childhood got me here

Author: Quest

*000*2015-07-28 12:32

I've been reading many, many stories and topics on this forum, but only very rarely post myself. An important reason for this is that I still have trouble accepting my preferences and fitting them into my life. As a first step in trying to overcome this, I decided to write down how I got into wetting and diapers in the first place. The following is a true story, which occurred when I was about five years old. Apologies for any linguistic issues, English is not my native tongue.

"Let's swim again!", she said with great laughter. We turned on our bellies and both used our feet to make an upward move, after which the water in the bathtub brought us right back down, just as the waves of the sea would do on the coast line. We could hardly stop ourselves.

Being in the bathtub with Emma is one of my earliest memories, perhaps because it happened so often. Emma was the girl next door. I was five years old, she was hardly a year younger. It's safe to say that wherever she I was, I was, too. We would play outside in the sunshine, play inside when it was pouring down, and have sleepovers very often.

I'm sure she used to stay at our house too, but my memories somehow only extend to the sleepovers at Emma's house.

"Time for bed!" Emma's mother, with short, grey hair and always smiling, entered the bathroom with two towels to get us dry. We were still swimming in the bathtub, but now searching with our hands for the cord that would get rid of all the water once pulled. I found it first. We kept on swimming as the water in the tub slowly disappeared.

Once the water had gone, we got on our feet and out of the tub, ready for the towels. Emma always needed more time because of her long, brown hair. After her mother was done with her, a first defining moment happened.

Four-year-old Emma was still a bedwetter. As such, while I was still standing in the bathroom, her mom picked her up and lied her down on the dresser. She then opened a cabinet, grabbed a white with pink diaper and started to put it on her daughter.

Emma never protested. Wearing a diaper at night was just the way it was. I wasn't a bedwetter, so there never was a diaper for me. All I did was stand and stare jealously at what happened in front of me. Her mother placed the diaper under her bottom, folded it towards the front and fastened the strips. It was done in no time, but it left a big impression on me. What would that be like, a diaper?

The bedroom was small, and looked even smaller because of all the toys and dolls. Next to Emma's bed was a desk. On the floor was my usual spot for the night, an extra mattress. We got into bed quickly. Before I knew it, the lights were switched off. We were supposed to sleep, but we would keep talking. Only minutes later, her mother would return to tell us that we really should be silent. Again, we would keep talking, whisperingly, this time.

Emma's diaper was still very much on my mind. I sat up on my mattress and asked the question I would ask her many more times.

"Did you wet it yet?", I asked, bluntly, as only a five-year old child can.

"No", she replied.

Perhaps my career in journalism started right there. I got on my knees and leaned against her bedside. My hand found a way under her blanket, where it would meet Emma's diaper. I rubbed it gently to confirm that the diaper indeed wasn't wet, as she had just said earlier. Still curious, I lied down on my mattress again.

I can't remember how often and how frequent I uttered the same question, but it must have been at least half a dozen times a night. Finally, at some point, her answer changed.

"A little", she said, early in the morning.

Again, I would get up on my knees, get my hand under her blanket and touch her diaper again. I remember it felt different.

As we were both awake, we would get out of bed and silently walk the stairs to the livingroom. We turned on the TV and watched cartoons from the couch. Emma would be sucking her thumb, with her wet diaper still on. The feeling of jealousy never faded.

One morning, her dad came downstairs and joined us in his armchair, next to the couch. After a while, he would stand up to have a look at Emma's diaper.

"Emma!", he shouted, disappointed. Retrospectively, I guess by then she only wore diapers for the just in case scenario and her diaper was wet after several dry nights.

"Dave made me do it!", Emma shouted back, slightly panicking. I can't remember how her father reacted to that, nor how I responded. I also can't remember me telling her to wet her diaper. Apparently though, my repeated question made her feel she had to wet it. I do remember multiple occasions where Emma's diaper started out dry, but turned wet through the night, at least by her own admission.

Not all of us can trace the root of their desire for wetting, desperation and/or diapers, but it doesn't take Einstein to see where it started out for me.

At some point, Emma and I grew apart. We were neighbors for close to twenty years, but since I was a year older, I would start elementary school earlier, which definitely contributed to us growing up seperately.

Today, I see Emma very rarely. It must have been over three years by now. That time, her father called our house to ask if I was around to fix something on his computer. I went over, and to my surprise, Emma was there. We hardly spoke. She watched TV, I was working the computer.

Not only did we grow apart, we also became two completely different characters. Before that day, I had already linked our childhood experiences with my diaper and wetting desires. I absolutely didn't know what to say to her, even casually, let alone start a conversation about way, way back. It's a conversation I would love to have, but I'm sure it won't ever happen.

When I hear Emma's voice, she's still four years old in my mind. Only when I see her, I'm reminded that she now is a beautiful 28-year old young lady, still with the same, lovely, long brown hair.

*002*2015-07-28 14:58

{{ 

I've been thinking about how you could broach the subject of diapers and wetting with Emma. You could simply say that seeing her recently triggered your memory of her having blamed you for her wetting her diaper and getting into trouble with her dad. Then you could say that you are sorry if your asking her whether she had wet made her feel that she should do it. From there, who knows how the conversation might go?

}}

Thanks for taking the time to read, gobphus. Pee journalism, who knows! One day, I'd love to do a world tour and write about all of you guys. Oh, many dreams I have. :-)

I haven't been in contact with Emma for quite some years, but I just realized I do have her on FB Messenger. I'm gonna strike off a casual conversation, see how that feels, then take it from there. Probably best not to spring all of this on her the first chance I get. But thanks, you made me realize there are more opportunities than I thought.

*005*2015-07-29 19:48

I started talking to Emma on Messenger. Just chitchat, but it went a lot easier and smoother than I anticipated. I'll have to rebuild a relationship with her before I could ever talk about the childhood memories I described in my first post, so that conversation might be weeks, if not months away, but at least the needle is moving.

