Small bladder gave up when I was walking home

Author: theblackman24

*000*2013-02-14 08:55

Well few years ago I was walking home from my friends house. I couldn't drive because my truck broke down (fords are cheep). I also have kind of a small bladder. Before I left I finished my last beer and I went to go to the restroom but my friends brother was taking a shower. I already had to pee but I didn't feel like waiting for him to get out of the shower. I just thought i'll just hold it until I get home. So i said good bye to every one and left and began my 2 mile walk home which usually takes an 45 minutes to an hour. I didn't mind walking for so long because I was already use to walking long distances. I was feeling a buzzed from the beer I drunk earlier, but it actually made the walk kind of relaxing. I put on my headsets and started to listen to music.

A few blocks down the street I could feel my bladder filling up pretty quickly. I pretty much ignored it until I could feel my bounce around with every footstep. This is when I realized I needed to find a bathroom. I thought about going in the bushes, but the area is ussually packed with police driving around. I didn't want to risk getting arrested so I kept on walking. My house was about a mile away and I was becoming desperate. It was becoming harder and harder to walk. I put my hands in my pocket and balled them up, for some reason that was helping me relax.

I kept walking and my bladder started to become painfully full. Each step I took was brutal on my bladder. I saw a dark spot on a corner so I just decided to use that area. When I reach the corner I saw a cop giving someone a ticket. So I just said forget it and try to wait until I made it home. My bladder was so fill that I was basically walking on my toes. I was almost a half mile away from home when I could feel the first drop of urine shoot into my pants. There was a small dark spot on my jeans but nothing to bad. The walking was becoming to much for my bladder because every step I took a little bit of pee would come out.

All of a sudden my bladder contracted and It forced me to stop walking. My bladder contracted hard then all of a sudden pee shooting out at full force. I couldn't stop it no matter how hard I tried. I could feel the warm pee going down in my pants and into my shoes. For some reason I was barely able to stop it. I looked at my pants and they were all wet and soaked. I started walking home really fast because I didn't want anyone to see what happen. I just tried to ignore the people driving by and hope I didn't know them. When I arrived home I took pictures of the damage then cleaned myself up and went to bed.

