Wet at my relatives's place and discovering limits of my bladder

Author: terkamesinova

*000*2015-12-30 18:23

This is how I wet at my sisters house, when nobody notices it. At first, I want to say, that I wasn't planning to pee myself. But then... you know... And there are two wettings!

My plan for holidays was to pickup my parent's at 24th December morning, drive them to my sisters(and her's family) house, stay there till 25th and then drive back home, leaving my parents there. At 24th, we got the presents(in Czech republic, presents are givet at 24th evening) and nothing strange happend. Second day, at 25th, our relatives and friends and relatives and friend of sister's boyfriend arrived and there was a celebration. I was wearing normal t-shirt, leggins and knee-length skirt. I haven't got any other clothes, only not so warm jeans, so I was planning to took them over the leggins on the way home. We were having good time, eating, drinking, and I went more than five times to the toilet during the day. Even if I was enjoying it there, when I went to the toilet, it wasn't so good. Letting my pee into the toilet for so many times...

Then, when I went again to the toilet, I pulled down my skirt and then I got an idea. I went pee so many times, that the pee wasn't yellow, but white and didn't smell. I was thinking about letting something into my leggins, but then I sit on the toilet and started peeing. With my leggins on. it felt so good. Finaly, I let the whole bladder into my panties. As I was sitting, I had wet only ass and crotch, so the skirt could hide it. I wait few minutes to let the leggins dry enought not to drip the pee. Then I pulled up my skirt and went to the others, pretending nothing happend. Nobody noticed it, so I was planning to let my bladder go completely full and then do it again. But it was almost evening and everybody was leaving, so I left too, planing let the rest of pee go out at home. It was cold outside, and because I haven't got good heating in my car, I took my jeans as I planned, over the wet leggins.

I was at highway, about hour away from home, and my bladder was almost full. I decided to hold it home and I continued, and even if my bladder was getting painfull, I decided not to stop at the gas station and continued. Few minutes later, a bit of pee leaked. For this case, I have plastic cover under my seat cover, so I could easilly clean it, and I decided to hold it home. After a while, another pee leaked at it was more than before. I could stop my car, there was line for broken cars, but no toilet, so I decided to hold it again. When my bladder really hurted and I leaked again, I stopped, turned on warning lights and get out of the car. There were bushes, so I, with big pain, get over the guardrails and behind the bushes. I wanted to pee just a little to make it home and then enjoy it there, but because of the dark, I couldn't undo my jeans belt. 

As my bladder really hurt, I decided to give it up, and went back to the car. Again, with pain, i get over the guardrails and come to the car. My bladder was really painfull, but still full, so I decided to take it to it's limites. I went back to the guardrails, with pain in every step and get over them. When I was in the middle, big pain come to my bladder, that I yelled and felt down. Immediatelly, my bladder started to leak. But isntead of knoww bursting, this was slow leaking. It doesn't happend to me so often, but it's great. I was slowly peeing and I could control it. So I stand up and went to the car. It took about two minutes until I could stopped it. As I was really wet and there wasn't much pee in my bladder, I let the rest into my leggins and jeans. Then I let the pee drip not to make big puddle in car and then I continued home. I arrived still wet, so I take the seat cover and went to the bathroom, where I cleaned it. When my car was clean, I decided to change my clothes.

Hope you like it, I really enjoyed. And to admit, it really turns me on wetting myself in public when nobody notices it.

