Wet myself in front of my (girl) friend

Author: WetDev

*000*2014-02-27 23:17

Hi everyone. This is part 2 of a story I started on another thread. I figured I'd split it a bit and have a TL;DR of part 1 here. The full version of part 1 is in this thread: $/18689-anyone-else-tell-their-friends-about-your-fetish/#entry773868

(post #69 (hehe) in case it doesn't redirect you to my post)

So essentially, I have a best friend who happens to be a girl. I won't go into details, but we're like brother and sister and have been very close for over a year. She trolled me into revealing my fetish last year, so she has known ever since. I never actually thought about wetting myself in front of anyone I know, that is just insane. But there's one exception for that, and it's her, thanks to our amazing friendship.

So me and my best friend are studying the same course at university and we live fairly close to each other, so we often walk to and from campus together. Today was one of those days, but it was different. We both only had one quick class and finished before it was dark. I've been planning to pee myself in front of her for quite a while now, but hadn't had the chance to. Today wasn't the perfect day to do it, but I couldn't take it any longer. I was way too eager to do it. The reason why it wasn't a perfect day was because we usually walk home when it's already dark, thus not many people are around and no one would notice my black skinny jeans being soaked. Today on the other hand, we finished early and it was nice and sunny by the time we walked home. But I was determined to do it.

Before leaving for my class I drank as much water as I could. I was running late, so I had to chug, which made me feel a bit sick for a bit, but thankfully I was alright by the time we got to class. I wore my favourite pink panties and black skinny jeans that barely show the wetness, apart from when you're peeing or have just peed. I went to meet my friend and then we walked to campus. Class went fairly quick, and we were soon on our way home. But again, this wasn't a perfect day. Because I was getting late, I didn't have time to drink as much water as I'd like. I have a very strong bladder, and despite feeling the need to pee, I wasn't exactly desperate.

As we walked home, I was struggling to pay attention to our conversation, but was doing my best to hide the fact that I was up to something. I wanted to pee while walking, something I can actually do when I'm desperate and not nervous about pulling a stunt like this. But I couldn't. I started panicking and started to try to force pee out, but nothing would come. About half way through our 30 minute walk, I finally managed to let out a decent spurt. The inside of my legs were wet, and she didn't seem to notice. But I was dissapointed, it wasn't a full on wetting that I was expecting and I didn't feel the thrill I wanted. We stopped at a crossing and I tried to pee again. This time I noticed that I actually needed to pee, but I needed to be standing still and relaxed, instead of trying to pee while walking. So I had an idea that saved my day.

We often talk for a long time and when we reach the point where we have to say bye and split ways to our houses, we often stand at that place and talk for a bit. Normally, said place is busy, especially during daylight. But I didn't care, I wanted to pee my pants and I decided to do it while we were there. So we crossed the road and started walking towards that spot. She kept talking and then we stopped. At this point my heart was racing.

I looked around briefly and noticed that the place was unusually quiet, no one on the streets... only a couple people down the road walking in the opposite direction. This was actually perfect. I couldn't believe this was finally going to happen. My heart was beating really fast. I relaxed a bit while making small talk, which she then commented on and started talking about. While she was talking, it finally happened. I relaxed and was finally able to let it all out, while she was talking and giggling about something. It was strange, but extremely awesome feeling. The feeling of fully relieving yourself while your best friend is just standing there absolutely clueless about what was going on... the warm and wetness spreading down my legs... I was in heaven.

For a second I thought she noticed what I was doing, as she was giggling about something else and she briefly looked down to flip her hair. I continued to pee and it was the best sensation ever. It was like falling in love with this fetish all over again, it brought me back to my first public wettings. I peed for about 15 seconds or more and she never noticed a thing. I smiled and asked "what are we doing standing here anyway?". She replied with a usual joke and said "time to go home". I shook my head and said "no, I was doing something". She was like "what?". She was completely oblivious to the fact that I just had full on peed my pants in front of her.

I was in disbelief. I asked her multiple times if she hadn't really noticed, so which she continued to reply "no, what is it?!". I told her to look at the floor, and at first she couldn't see the small puddle. Then I pointed it to her and she was said "Ooh..." and started laughing. I again asked her if she really had not noticed, and she confirmed that she didn't. I told her to look at my pants and see if she could notice it. She said no. I was convering the inside of my left leg though, which was soaked. When I moved it, she said "yeah, a little bit". I asked her how she felt, etc, to which she just replied that she didn't know, but she kept laughing. One girl walked up the road and past us, but we completely ignored her... not sure if she noticed or if she was oblivious as well. Eventually we went back home and played some LoL, then I took a nice nap :D

I plan on doing more of this, so I might keep you updated depending on who's interested. Naturally, male stories don't get as much views or even replies, so I don't really expect that much interest. But damn, that was good. The best part about it is that we went on with our lives as if nothing had happened. This is why she is and probably always will be my best friend. Not only does she share some of my weirdness, she fully understands me and accepts me and is willing to let me to things like this just to see me happy. I feel extremely blessed Just hoping that next time I plan things better and actually have a desperate accident in front of her, instead of just a 10-15 second stream. That has been one of my fantasies for far too long. I can't wait until it happens!

