A student peed herself during an exam

Author: lachwet

*000*2014-01-26 20:49

This is something that happened some years ago when i was in college. One of my female fellow students peed herself during an eexam.

In the city where i studied there is a college a university. The university is the biggest in the country, and the college is not small either.

Many of the exams were held at a sports complex with many halls and rooms. And there was always a lot of exams held simultaneously from both the college and the university.

During those exam days they were almost always a bit short on people supervising the exams, following people out when they needed a break and so on.

So there was often periods of a few hours with only one supervisor in the room, and no oportunity to have a break. And that was the case this particular day.

In one of my parallel classes there was a girl called Sara. She is from Sweden and studying in Norway.

She is about 170 cm high and has long dark brown hair and a normally slim and quite decent body.

The story:

It was about midway through the exam when i noticed that Sara was changing her sitting position quite often. She was crossing and recrossing her legs regularly. She was sliding forward on the chair, stretching her legs out, and then, after some time she slid back.

The time went on. Inbetween my work on the exam and i secretly observed Sara's squirming. The amount of squirming and changing of sitting position was gradually increasing as time passed. For periods she was moving very often, and for other periods she was much calmer.

Sara had waved the only supervisor in the room to her desc.They were talking silently. Sara looked a little frustrated when the supervisor then went away.

She started moving sideways on the chair for some time, while holding a hand in her lap.

After this Sara seemed to change her sitting position more often.She was mostly crossing her legs just to recross them the opposite way.

She seemed slightly more stressed than earlier.

Some time passed and Sara kept on changing her sitting more and more position often. She was holding her thighs very tight together all the time.

She seemed to be less focused on the exam now. For periods she was kicking her shoes together, tapping her feet to the floor and rugbbing her thighs.

I saw that she once again signalled to the supervisor. It was less than half an hour since he had been at her desc. But he just waved to her, signaling that she had to be a little patient, and things would work out, or something.

Then she moved sideways on the chair a lot of times rapidly. She was holding a hand in her lap, and she looked very worried.

I think it was about 10 minutes later it happened. I was focusing on the test when i noticed a quick motion at Sara's desc. She stood partly up, grabbed the upper part of the back of her jeans and pulled it up a little, like it had been sliding down a bit.

She pulled her chair closer to the desc and sat down again. It was over in a couple of seconds. But those couple of seconds was enough time for me to see it:

The backside of her thighs and butt was soaking wet! Then i noticed that she was also wet on the backside of her right leg, beneath her knee.

She had peed herself! No doubt. ANd it was quite visible on her jeans.

When she had slid her chair closer to her desc some pee had fallen down on the floor. So now there was a small puddle and many droplets scattered around under her chair.

She looked very dejected for a while after this. Maybe she was considering whether she should get up and leave. If she left she would expose her pee soaked jeans to everyone as she handed in her incomplete exam, and left the room.

In addition she would most likely fail the exam, as it must have been very incomplete at this point.

But if she stayed she could pretend that nothing had happened, hoping her jeans would dry up during the rest of the exam time.

I guess she just wanted to disappear right there.

Sara stayed at the exam after her accident. She completed it in wet jeans. The rest of the time it was quite hard for me to focus on the exam, i was so aroused and distracted by Sara, who had peed in her pants.

It didn't take more than 10 minutes before another supervisor arrived in the room, and people were allowed to have breaks. There was many people going out in groups, especially girls. But not Sara. She stayed at her desc.

About one and a half hour after Sara peed in her pants, the time for the exam was over. Sara stayed at her desc for a long time, until most people had gotten up and out.

I did too, i waited for her so i could get a getter look of her pee soaked jeans.

When most people had left the room Sara stood up. The backside of her butt and thighs was soaked, and there was droplets and small puddles on her seat.

On her backside the huge pee stain was shaped like an oval starting just beneat her belt and extending to some distance below her knees.

On her front she had a wet stain around her crotch, stretching out a bit sideways towards her hips. Her thighs was all wet on the inside, and a bit on the front.

The pee had ran down on the front of her legs below her knee, and she was wet almost all the way down to her shoes.

The pee stains looked quite fresh, even though there was around 1,5 hours since she peed herself. And there was still pee on her seat.

I guess she must have lost control again, and peed in her pants again not long before the exam ended. A second accident...

She went out of the room. In the hallways there was a lot of students and Sara looked quite embarrassed. She went straight out of the building.

I stumbled across some friends in the hallway, and stayed. I couldn't just walk away from them, even though i wanted to use the opportunity to glance at Sara's pee soaked jeans.

The attached file shows approximately how the pee stain looked after the exam, both on the front and on her back. I drew a sketch of it in MS paint the same day when i came home from the exam.

And BTW, it might be that i changed the girl's name in this story, to anonymize her ;-)

Half a year earlier, during an exam at the end of the previous semester i saw another girl become extremely desperate. The situation was very similar, with too few invilgators, and she was forced to wait for a long time. But that girl barely made it, though. I will post a story about it later.

*005*2014-01-28 18:26

{{ 

I've been there exams suck for this reason, though protection can help,. thanks for sharing.

}}

If you've been there... Would you like to share the story? :-)

