Messed in Front of a Full-Length Mirror

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-09-14 06:41

On my last story, I had a couple replies complaining that it involved messing. The title clearly labeled it as a messing story, so I don't know what else to tell you. There is a lot of overlap between those who enjoy reading about wetting and messing, and most people seem to really like reading about my experiences. Therefore, I don't really care what one person specifically thinks. Unless a moderator tells me not to post something, I'm going to. Alright? So, now that that's out of the way...

This takes place when I was ten or eleven years old. It was my summer break, and I was an only child at the time. My mom finally decided I was old enough that I could stay home by myself while she went to work in her office, nine to five. Really, I was a pretty good kid. She had no reason not to trust me. I just ate a lot of food, watched TV, played outside... and used my time alone to "experiment."

I'm not sure what possessed me to poop in my pants. I just kept wondering what it would look like, if it would bulge out, or if I would even be able to see it. One morning after my mother kissed me goodbye and left, I waited a few minutes (she often had forgotten something and had to run back home), then picked the perfect outfit. I was wearing pink glittery princess panties, and over those I wore tight, pink, velour pajama bottoms, with little silver reindeer all over them. They were a little small for me as they were a few years old, but I figured they would be all the better for messing.

I stood in front of the full-length mirror in our kitchen sideways so I could watch the back of my pants. I pushed, and the mess came out effortlessly. A lot of people have trouble either wetting or messing themselves at first, but I have never had that problem in the slightest. I remember it felt a lot differently than I expected. As I was pushing, I felt the mess moving around with the force of more coming out. It was definitely different. I remember watching the bulge grow in the seat of my pants, and I was kind of surprised; I didn't know it would look that obvious.

My curiosity was sated as I undressed, peeling the sticky panties off of my skin. I didn't really know what to do after that, so I put the pants and the panties, still completely full of my poop, into the washing machine. I dumped in some soap and turned the dials, hoping for the best. I then got into the shower and washed myself off. The washing machine actually did alright; the panties didn't come out completely perfectly clean, but the bulk of the mess seemed to have melted away. I put them through one more time just to make sure it had all run though, and all was good. That was the last time I purposely tried messing in probably at least five or six years. My next experiences were certainly different.

*003*2015-09-15 16:09

{{ 

Hi galaxy! I also really enjoyed your story; you write very well. As you noted at the bottom of your post, I am very curious about your other messing experiences that you indulged in. :)

I like that you described your thought process as well. Whether it's wetting or messing, half the excitement to me is knowing what the person is/was thinking at the time.

And I agree that there is a lot of overlap between wetting and messing. I'm glad you aren't being swayed by critics. :)

Look forward to reading more of your posts!

}}

I have tons of them already posted! Most somewhat similar to this one. That being said, more will be coming as well.

