My cousin, the bedwetter

Author: porewit

*000*2015-03-01 12:58

My cousin Stephanie (names have been changed to protect the innocent) has long been one of my closest confidants. One of the things that we've bonded over in our lives has been our shared bedwetting problem. Stephanie and I have both wet the bed our entire lives. She is a few months younger than me and suffers from a far worse bedwetting problem. At 19 years old, the number of dry nights she has had could probably be counted on one hand. While I have also long struggled with wetting the bed, my issues have slowed to a few accidents a year or whenever I am under periods of extreme stress. Stephanie's bedwetting has proved much more persistent.

I first learned that Steph was a bedwetter when I had just turned 8 years old and she was 6. I was sleeping over at my Aunt's house and Stephanie and her siblings and I were all playing Nintendo 64 in our pajamas. I was a bit apprehensive as I didn't want any of my cousins to find out I wet the bed and I did not think to bring any of the diapers I wore to bed at home. Around 9 o'clock, my aunt called down for me and Stephanie to come up. My aunt told me that my mother informed her of my bedwetting and that I had to put on a goodnite. Steph and I were ushered into the bathroom where we were both changed into pink goodnites covered in hearts (which humiliated me as I was a tremendous tomboy. I still miss the white goodnites). But this was the first time I had ever found out that someone else shared in my bedwetting problem.

Stephanie and I still talk very frequently. She is always the first person I text whenever I have an accident. She still wears diapers to bed every night and they are almost certainly wet each morning. I think she might be aware that I like wearing diapers, although I have never openly admit it to her. She and I still wear diapers whenever we have a slumber party. Stephanie and I both attend college and often wet our beds in the dorms, which has us texting each other even more frequently.

Another quick story about my cousin Stephanie. When I was 17 or so and she was about to turn 16, I was sleeping over at her house again and we both were wearing our goodnites. Her family was gone for the night so we had the house to ourselves. This ultimately resulted in us recreating the iconic scene from the film Risky Business in goodnites, sneaking a lot of alcohol from my uncle's liquor cabinet, passing out in nothing but sports bras and goodnites, and wetting our diapers so much that they leaked and soaked her bed.

This is just one of many stories I have of Stephanie's bedwetting. I'd be happy to post more if anyone is interested :)

*004*2015-03-02 12:34

Early this morning, I woke up to a very wet bed. So naturally I texted Stephanie. This is how the text conversation went:

Me: Hey are you awake?

Stephanie: Yeah. I just got up to change. Why? What's up?

Me: I had another accident :/

Stephanie: Awww how bad?

Me: Pretty bad. The bed was soaked.

Stephanie: Well if it makes you feel better, that's how almost every night goes for me lol

Me: Lol thanks I feel so much better now :P

Stephanie: And at least you have your own room up at school! I have to try and hide my wet bed from 2 roommates

Me: That's true lol I can hang out in my room in just my diaper if I want to haha

Stephanie: Lol so jealous

Me: You still need to come up and visit me! We haven't had a sleepover in forever

Stephanie: Um yes! We have to do that very soon! But I'm tired and I've got a dry diaper on so I'm gonna get some more sleep

Me: Okkkk. I love you

Stephanie: I love you more! Stay dry sweetie <3

While we were having that whole conversation, I was bringing my wet sheets and pajamas to my laundry room and putting on a diaper. After we finished texting, I got back into bed a slept the rest of the night in nothing but a diaper.

*007*2015-03-02 17:32

Well now that I have to pay for diapers on my own, I can't always afford to buy them. I also don't usually wet the bed often enough to warrant wearing every night. That being said, part of me does like waking up to a wet bed when I'm feeling a bit naughty ;)

*010*2015-03-06 13:36

I wanted to share with all of you another story about my dear cousin and I. Stephanie has 4 siblings (3 sisters, 1 brother) and I have 2 brothers. But of our families, we were the only ones who were bedwetters. All of them are usually very understanding for the most part, but as children they would occasionally use our bedwetting and diaper wearing against us. Stephanie's eldest sister, Katie, was always the worst when it came to the taunting. Katie is 3 years older than I am but has always acted as though she were an adult and Stephanie and I were children.

During one of our many sleepovers, Katie happened to walk into the room right as Stephanie and I were changing into our goodnites. As 14 and 12 year old girls, you can imagine how mortifying this was; desperately trying to be seen as mature while trying to ignore the fact that I just pulled up my pants to conceal a diaper. Katie was in a particularly foul mood that night over some reason or another, so the taunts began flying. After Katie decided we had been humiliated enough, she eventually left us to ourselves. Sleep came and went and eventually we both woke up to face the morning and our soaked diapers.

However, that morning we learned a fact that proved to me that God exists and he sympathizes with bedwetters. As we walked downstairs, we saw my aunt putting soiled sheets into the wash. Stephanie and I were bewildered. We had both just gotten up and neither of our diapers had leaked. We crept into Katie's room and saw that the sheets had been stripped from her bed and the mattress had the telltale wet spot. My 17 year old cousin had wet the bed.

Later when my mother had come to pick me up, I overheard her ask my aunt if she had any laundry to deal with. My aunt told her that I had no problems in the night but my cousin Katie had a little accident late last. Stephanie and I never mentioned the incident to Katie, nor did Katie ever give us trouble about it again... except for one time. When Katie mentioned some snide remark about our bedwetting issues within earshot of my aunt, she quickly replied "don't forget that they're not the only ones who have wet the bed in this house." Katie blushed a brighter red than I have ever seen.

