Chair wetting

Author: fak

*000*2012-04-27 11:38

For last week I have been finishing some of my school projects and have been really focused on work. yesterday I was already programming the whole afternoon and I didn't want to stop because I had this 'creative burst' finally and didn't want to ruin it. I haven't really eaten anything but I was watching my fluid income. my girlfriend always scolds me because I forget to drink so I am keeping an eye on myself now. and also the weather started to be kind of hot so I was wearing only singlet and shorts. It was really late when I noticed I need to pee. actually pretty bad as I didn't care about it earlier. I was kind of overworked so I decided to have a little bit fun before I finish for the day. I wanted to complete one more part of the code and that would be enough time to build some more desperation. I spread my legs and 'wrapped' my feet around the chair to tease myself a little. 

I forbid myself from grabbing my crotch or squirming. my only possibility was to rub against the chair (if it's even something to help :D). after not a very long time I was really desperately moving back and forward on my chair and wetting was only matter of time. I finished the code soon enough, saved everything and kind of aroused closed the program. just before the 'accident' I turned on my favorite punk band, really loud into my headphones and got myself a bit high... first a small spurt came out. I stopped and let go and stopped again. the pee intervals were longer after each one. then one peeing interval became unstoppable and in a second I was flooding myself. the warm stream escaped from the chair and into my socks. to my already soaked panties and shorts added socks and floor. the pee was running down my legs and over the chair. I hope the sound of pee flowing wasn't too loud :D

Then I released myself in another way ;) cleaned up (pretty easy actually as I don't have a carpet and the chair is all wooden) and took a shower

Now I am kind of sorry I didn't took pictures.

*003*2012-04-29 19:38

{{ 

Fak, you always know how to have a good time. :)

}}

And that's one of the most important things to know! ;)

