New Years Desperation Sighting

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-01-05 21:25

As I mentioned in my new year's eve story I had a desperation sighting which I said I would share with you guys so here it is….

After midnight and everyone had celebrated the new year the pub started to quieten down which is usually does as most people leave around half past 12. For the next hour or so the crowd continued to dissipate until there were only regulars left, most of which were our family. At 2 o’clock we closed the bar and started cleaning up. The taxi office across the street had a huge queue of people so Matty offered his dad and uncle a lift home. As they went to get their coats he asked a couple in the corner how they were getting home. They said they would get a taxi and he offered them a lift as well. He came to me and said he was taking them home, then his dad and uncle then he would come back. I let them out and went back to cleaning up. After I finished tidying up behind the bar I cashed up and took the money to the safe then locked up the kitchen. I then went round and locked both the ladies and gents toilets and the cellar.

I went back to the bar and chatted to danny who is matty’s cousin. Him and his girlfriend Lucy had come over for New Years and were staying at our house. I stood chatting to danny for 5 minutes then saw Lucy get up and walk over to the ladies toilets. When she got there she obviously found it locked and walked back. I told her I had locked them and said she could use the one in the flat upstairs. She shook her head and said she was fine, she would wait until she got back to ours. I just went with it and didn’t think anymore about it. 10 minutes later my sister and her bf said they were heading home and were taking Alice and an old guy Billy who is one of our regulars. The four of them left leaving me, danny, lucy and a girl called Abby who is a really good friend of ours and we were giving a lift home to save her waiting for a taxi.

(I should give a description of Lucy, She is roughly 5 foot 8, shoulder length brunette hair, really cute, athletic build and on this occasion she was wearing a black top and tight white jeans)

Matty got back about ten minutes later and whilst he went round and checked everything we all went and got in his car. He came out and locked up and then we set off for Abby’s house. She was sat in the front with Matty and I was sat in the back with Danny and Lucy. I noticed Lucy shifting her legs and and every so often bouncing them. I suddenly remembered that she was going to the toilet but never did, that was almost half an hour ago and I found myself wondering how badly she needed to go. The thought turned me on and I spent the journey to Abby’s house watching her legs bounce. When we got there she was chatting to Matty about the following day and Lucy was looking at them both biting her lip. I was now convinced she was desperate to pee and she looked like she was silently urging them to hurry up and stop talking. When they did finish their conversation Abby said goodbye to us all and got out. I hopped out and got into front seat and we waited until she had gone inside her house.

When she got inside and Matty started the engine Lucy suddenly said “I didn’t want to say anything whilst she was here but now she is gone it's less embarrassing”. We all looked at her and she laughed and said “can you hurry up and get back to yours, i’m dying for a wee”. She started bouncing her legs more openly and we all laughed. We set off towards our house and all I could think about was her sitting behind me squirming. She was quiet for pretty much the whole journey until we pulled on the gravel track that leads to our house and she patted Matty on the shoulder and said “come on come on come on”. 

He laughed and when we were waiting for our gate to open she laughed and said “could this thing go any slower”. We pulled into our drive and parked up and she jumped out and ran over to the door. When she found it locked she started pee dancing and waited for us to come and open it. We all went inside and I kicked off my shoes and started walking upstairs. Matty followed me up and when we walked into our bedroom he asked if I wanted the bathroom and I shook my head and he went into our en-suite.I heard Lucy coming up the stairs and she went into our guest room and put her bag in there then dashed across the landing towards the bathroom. She found it locked and realised someone was in there. She moaned and came to my room and asked who it was. I shouted Alice and she came in so I realised it was my sister and her bf in the shower.

She asked me if she could use our bathroom and I said she could, when matty was finished. She walked over to the door and knocked and shouted “hurry up Matty or im gonna wet myself”. She grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs and started dancing”. Watching her dance by the door waiting was so hot and after what she just said I wondered just how close she was to wetting herself”. I watched her for a couple of minutes and then Matty came out and she dashed inside. She came out a few minutes later and smiled and said “woooo feel much better now”. We all laughed and she went to get changed into her pyjamas. We did the same and we all sat in the kitchen having a drink and some supper before we all went to bed. It’s the first time I have met her and I certainly won’t forget her easily.

*002*2016-01-06 11:48

{{ 

Starting to think owning a pub might be a good career plan....

}}

It certainly makes for some good sightings, especially late on Friday/Saturday nights when we close up and the taxi office across the street has a queue as the club down the road has jjust closed as well. Nice to see people full of alcohol waiting for taxi's ;)

*004*2016-01-07 19:10

{{ 

Must admit I've been in that situation a few times myself!

When I go out, I usually drink. I don't think I've ever had any really desperate sightings. On NYE, we went to our friends pub, and he lets us stay after closing, sort of as you described above. We went to get take away, then we're going to go get a taxi, but on our way back past the pub my friend ran over and started banging on the door with her legs crossed. But they let her in and up she went, and that was that.

}}

We get that quite a lot, if people see there are lights on they ask if they can come in and use the toilets, not realising we are closed

