Waiting for my friend

Author: wetpantsdennis

*000*2012-05-31 19:15

This happened to me when I was around 10 yrs of age.

I was walking home from town,and I realised that I needed to pee pretty soon. But there were no public toilets in the area, so I was walking quickly to get home as soon as possible. I was crossing a side road, down which a friend of mine lived, when I saw this friend approaching , on his cycle. He rode up to me, and he asked me to come play at his house. I said that I would like to, but I had to go ask my Mum first. He replied that he would ride his cycle to my Mum, and let her know where I was going to be, so I agreed, but I need a wee soon, I told him. He told me not to worry, he'd be back soon!

Well, he wasn't back soon. no.He was gone quite a long time, and by now my need was very urgent! Oh Dear! I thought to myself, what am I going to do? If I had the sense, I could have walked(or hobbled!) the short distance to his house, but no, not me! I'm hopping from foot to foot, squeezing my legs together, holding myself with both hands, praying for my friend to come back...

Then it happened.Suddenly. The hot pee squirted down my left leg, i backed in to a little gap in the hedge outside someone's house, and gave a little scream as I felt the pee shoot out, after a minute or so, the flow stopped... but my shorts and underpants were dry! I must have adopted just the right stance for the pee not to wet anything but my leg! So, I pissed my pants and got away with it, just. My friend came back just as I finished peeing, so he saw that i had wet myself; and when we got to his house, his mum washed my legs for me. She was a lovely lady, whenever you caught her eye, she always smiled at me...

I hope every one enjoys this memory! See ya! wetpantsdennis.

*003*2012-06-01 22:39

Yeah, i must have been standing at just the right angle for the pee to go down my leg and off my knee, I guess, also my willy must have had a clear shot out of my shorts and underpants! lol! Thanks for your comments!

