Desperate Sailor

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-12 12:39

I posted a story the other day about the girl dressed as Wally and was asked where my story about the Sailor girl had gone. This story was originally posted in my Sightings thread which has been removed so I will post the story here in its own topic.....

The Desperate Sailor Girl

We had been invited to a 21st birthday party of one of Matty's schoolfriends and although we werent particularly bothered about going we decided it would be rude not to at least show our faces. So a few of us went up to the party. After about an hour and half our group decided to leave and go to the club in the town and we set off down.

Upon arrival it was full of people in fancy dress as it was the weekend before Haloween. We had been there a while, during which time I was just sat checking out all the sexy ladies in their costumes, when my friend said “whoa” and I looked round and coming down the stairs into the club was a girl dressed in a sailor girl outfit and boy did she look sexy. I couldnt help but stare at her, she was a perfect mix of cute, beautiful and sexy. Her long blonde hair flowing down over her shoulders coupled with her cute little smile made her look beautiful.

Then she started walking down towards the bar and suddenly I wasn't looking at her “beauty” anymore. She had a little short skirt on as part of her costume and her legs looked amazing. I was just sitting there with my jaw nearly hitting the floor. As I was watching her she started walking over towards us, I thought she was heading to the group of people sat behind us but then she walked up to our table and hugged Matty. She then hugged Matty's best mate and had to lean over me to reach him and as she did her skirt rode up and I had a clear view of her white knickers and her bum up her skirt. My eyes nearly popped out of my head. She was talking to Matty but I didnt know what she was saying I was too busy paying attention to her, the sexy little sailor girl. She went off to the bar and I asked who she was and it turned out she was an old family friend of Matty's.

As the night progressed she came and sat with us and said she had been out with a group of people but they had gone into the city and she didnt want to go with them. She spent the evening with us and I spent most of the night dancing with her, her sexy little bum wiggle on the dancefloor making me very horny indeed.

It was getting near to the club closing and we decided to leave. Me and Matty went and stood outside and waited for the others to come out. As we were stood waiting there was a girl sat on one of the windowledges talking to her friend. I noticed she was tapping her foot and shaking her legs a little and obvioulsy being of omo tendancys my immediate thought was that she might need to pee, but after watching her for a couple of minutes I decided she might just be cold. However I was wrong, she crossed her legs and began bobbing them, I knew then she must need to pee and my suspicions were realised when she said “i wish the taxi would hurry up, im cold and I need a wee”. Her friend then suggested she go use the toilet inside but she said “no im alright, I dont want to miss the taxi, anyway they probably wont let me back in now”.

She stood up and crossed her legs and began bobbing slightly. As I watched her her bobbing got more vigorous and she then said “come on taxi, I want to get home, I really need a wee” and upon saying this she put her hand on her crotch. A few minutes passed and she was doing a little pee dance on the spot and then her taxi arrived. Now I would have loved to have gotten into that taxi with her and seen what happened on their journey home. As they drove off I couldnt help but imagine her sat in the back of the taxi slowly getting more desperate until the point she started leaking then getting out at her house and frantically trying to open her door as she tried to keep her knickers dry. I thought that was the only sighting I would get that night....oh how wrong I was :p.

I was brought out of my trance by the sound of someone saying my name. I looked round and saw Danni (sailor girl) stood behind us with one of her friends. She asked me if I had a lighter and both me and matty said no. She went off and found someone with a lighter and came back to her friend. Now I dont smoke myself and normally smoking is just smoking but for some reason when she did it it looked sexy, like something out of a magazine. She was stood there as a sailor girl with her cig just hanging in the corner of her mouth and each time she took a puff and blew the smoke out it was entrancing...probably not to everyone else, but to me it certainly did. She then said something which enticed my attention.... “typical, why is it everytime you come out for a fag, as soon as you light it you end up needing a wee”.

“i know what ya mean” said her friend.

Danni - “its true though, like now, I needed to wee a little and was going to go after my fag, but as soon as I light it im suddenly desperate”.

It was then I noticed she had crossed her legs and was wiggling slightly. After every puff she took she made little gasping noises and squeezed her thighs together. Then she suddenly said “its no good, I need a wee, here do you want this” and offered her cig to her friend. When her friend denied it she offered it to me and Matty and we both said we didnt smoke.

“fat lot of good you two are, Ill have to finish it then”. She continued smoking her cig and all the while kept up her wiggling and thigh squeezing. I was just watching her with lots of dirty thoughts running through my mind. She finally finished it and then went inside and I thought the fun was over, until about 30 seconds later when she came back out. She walked up to us and her friend said “that was quick”....

“i didnt go in, the bouncer wouldn't let me back in as he said they are closing, and I tried to convince him I was just going to the toilet and he said he hears that all the time, which is fair enough”.

Her friend then rang a taxi for them and when she got off the phone she said it would be about 10 minutes. Danni didnt particularly like that news but had no choice but to wait. As we were stood waiting she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs and bobbing and wiggling about. After 5 mins of this she said “im gonna have to go find somewhere to have a wee, im getting really desperate, im gonna go round to the canal under the bridge”.

This turned me on so much, the knowledge that she was that desperate she was considering a place to pee. “come with me” she said to her friend “i dont want to go on my own....I dont want to go at all but I need to wee”. Matty then turned to her and said “if you want to use the toilet in the Ship you can do”.

“will it be open at this time” she said.

“it will be when I open it” he said, holding up the keys.

“are you allowed to open it at this time” she asked.

“course I am, I own the place” he replied, laughing. “us lot are going round there now to continue the party so your more than welcome to come and use the loo if you want”.

“aww thanks Matt, you're a life saver”

“come on then” he said and began walking away.

“can we wait until her taxi comes, I dont want to leave her on her own” said Danni, pointing to her friend.

So we waited for the taxi, all the while Danni was stood pee dancing urging the taxi to come. About 5 minutes later it arrived and her friend got in and left. She then turned to us and said “ok lets go”.

We set off along the road, our pub is like a 5 minute walk through the town centre so it wasnt too far away. As we were walking along she kept stopping to cross her legs and bend forward. She did this a few times and then she began doing the same motion but with her hand in her crotch. We asked her if she was ok and her reply was “yep, ill be just fine once ive had a wee”. We reached the front door and stood waiting for her to catch up, what with all the stops she was making she had fallen behind. She finally caught up and looked at Matty. “come on then open the door”...

“oh, where not going in this door, we were just waiting for you to catch up” said matty “we are going in the back door, come on”.

We carried on round the corner towards the the back of the buliding and she followed behind us making lots of “oooh and aaaah noises” which were turning me on like mad. We reached the back gate and Matty got his keys out and began unlocking the padlock. As he was doing so she stood on the spot hopping from foot to foot, moaing in desperation, I wanted to moan as well, but for other reasons. He opened the gate and we walked in, closing the gate behind us, she slowly waddled into the yard and continued her hopping motion.

As Matty was opening the door she let out a little squeal and I watched as a little droplet of pee began snaking its way down the inside of her leg. Another little squeal signalled the start of another droplet making its way down her thighs. I watched them snake their way down all the way to her foot. It was sexy as hell. Then suddenly she gasped and I heard a hiss and a little splash hit the floor underneath her. I asked if she was ok and she replied “its starting to come out, as we were walking on here everytime I stopped it was because some had leaked out and I had to stop to keep me from wetting myself”. This knowledge sent shivers down my spine, I could only imagine how wet her knickers must have been, and here she was now leaking and spurting like mad. 

Matty opened the door and he pointed her in. She walked forward and as she did another spurt occurred and shot out from under her skirt onto the floor below, I then follwed numerous droplets that were running down her legs. She jammed her hand into her crotch and walked again, with each step she took more and more drops ran down her legs and all I could do was watch in awe. She suddenly stopped and matty asked what was wrong.

“i dont want to go in cos ill end up getting pee on your floor”

“dont worry about that, its a stone floor, it can be mopped, just get in there”. I had to admire Mattys composure, he was obviously getting as turned on as I was by what was happening but he was being so cool about it all.

“if you're sure” she said and kicked off her shoes, now its no secret I love feet and seeing hers covered in drops of pee was incredible. She then took a few more steps towards the door and with each step spurts of pee were escaping from under her skirt. She then stopped and before Matty could even say anything there was a loud hiss and a stream of pee came shooting out from under her skirt. Splashing all over her feet making a little puddle underneath her, which soon became a big puddle. I was in a state of trance, there was an insanely beautiful girl having a full wetting accident in front of me whilst dressed as a naughty sailor girl. After what seemed like forever the stream stopped and the last few remaining drops snaked down her legs.

This is probably my favourite part of seeing people wet themselves, is the fact that when its over they have the best reaction to it....she looked like she was about to burst into tears out of embarassment and humiliation but she just looked at me, then to Matty and started laughing and said “i needed that”. I was just stood staring at her getting insanely horny and still Matty was just stood there looking as chill as ever, I was starting to think he wasnt even turned on by what just happened. We all went inside and Danni went off to the toilets to clean herself off. As soon as she was out of earshot I turned to Matty and said “are you alright”.

“yeah why”

“you just seem too cool about what just happened, like you werent even into seeing people wet themselves”.

“oh I was into it” he said and lifted his shirt up and I noticed a rather noticable bulge. I just giggled and lifted my skirt to show him my knickers which were wet with juice. Danni came out of the toilets and Matty asked if she wanted a taxi or she could stay for a while. She chose to stay and then walked over to him and asked if he could put these somewhere to dry. I looked at what she had given him and it was her knickers. He said he would out them on the boiler and went behind the bar, I followed and took the knickers off him and like the naughty girl I am sniffed them, god they smelt orgasmic, I wish I could have bottled that smell :p.

We then went and sat back down and got her a drink and she suddenly blushed bright red. When I asked her what was wrong she turned to me and said “its a bit embarassing to ask but erm....i took my knickers off to dry them off right....

I looked at her completley oblivious to what she was getting at, then it clicked, I hadn't realised before, but if she had given Matty her knickers that meant she was wearing nothing under her skirt.

….. “so I was wondering if you had anything I could borrow until they dry, its just this skirt is rather short and...well you know im au natural under there at the moment”.

Matty went upstairs and came back down with some spare boxers of his. She took them and said “ooooo superman boxers” and slowly slid them on and said “i feel better now im not on display”. She lifted up her skirt to show off her new style. Now most girls seeing another girl wearing their boyfriend's boxers feel jealous or annoyed but all I could think was “ive wee'd in them boxers a few times” :p.

We spent the rest of the night drinking and chatting and when she went to go home she retrieved her now dry knickers, put them on and gave Matty his boxers back, I took them off him and said I would go put them in the wash. As I was walking upstairs I realised where the boxers had been and couldnt help but have a good sniff of them....mmmm what a smell it was :p

FIN

I hope y'all enjoyed the tale of the desperate sailor, I will be back soon with more stories :)

