Discovered another wetter

Author: lawrencechris

*000*2014-03-23 12:43

I posted a story on a previous topic about how my girlfriend and I got carried away and wet at a wine bar. I won't repeat the story here but I will say that we both ended up wetting and cumming at that wine bar. We were both really embarres when the sex endorphins ran down. Anyway, the bar tender had seen us and made a comment about our wetting activities. My girlfriend joked that she was not going to be the only woman leaving the bar with wet panties. My girlfriend continued to be intrigued with the bar tender. She said that she thought this woman might be into wetting. This thougt actually turned her on. She said she is hetero but she said the thought of that woman getting off or turned on by our wet make out session at the bar was driving her nuts. To make a long story short, we started hanging out at the bar when this girl was working. We would just talk to her and hang out.

A couple of times I peed in my pants so it was barley noticeable. I had a wet spot the size of a coin one time and the other the size of an apple. All the while, just talking as if nothing was up. My girlfriend did the same thing. One day I thought the bartender had a small wet spot on her crotch. She had very light coloured jeans so it looked visible. I clearly was arroused and my girlfriend peed in her pants a little. She had a skirt on but I heard her squirt into her panties.

I knoticed the bartender was very fidgitie and her wet spot had grown and I lost it and peed myself fully. I excused myself and the bar tender left the bar with us. Her shift was over and she told us that she was incredibly turned on and asked if we would be up for all getting together for a wet make out session. We have all exchanged numbers and hung out outside of the wine bar but haven't had any kind of activies yet. Both women are really entriqued but weirded out by it as well. We have all wet our pants in front of the other, however. I just thought I'd share.

*003*2014-03-26 11:35

We had a very interesting evening yesterday. The three of us were hanging out and I was horny and started letting out small spurts into my pants. We continued to talk and I continued to wet. I finally got so turned on and had to pee so bad that I just pushed and peed fully into my jeans. My girlfriend peed a little into her pants but didn't have to go that much but started rubbing me off through my jeans until I came into my pants. We looked over to see the other girl masterbating whilst watching us. She had on a short skirt but had it hiked up and was rubbing herself off through her yellow panties.

She arched her back and started spraying into her pants. She emptied her bladder into her pants and into the carpet. My girlfriend started masturbating to this and peed the rest she could into her pants. I didn't think she had to pee much and so hard it sprayed through her pants like a fountain before soaking into both her pants and carpet. We all got a hold of ourselfs, changed clothes and cleaned the carpet. We hadn't planned that. We went into the garage and just hung out. Whenever we had to pee, we just peed, fully into our pants. It was very erotic I came multiple times in my pants, watching the two girls pee. They came watching me come in my pants.

*005*2014-03-28 11:04

Yes. She knows of the site but hasnt joined.

The other day we got together again and this time the two girls rubbed each other off whilst peeing in their jeans. They both peed so hard you could hear it loudly hissing as they peed. They both came and peed. I lost it and came in my pants. My girlfriend then took off her soaking jeans and set on my lap and told me to pee. I did, soaking my pants and resoaking her. It was so erotic.

*007*2014-03-29 20:09

Yes, this has culminated into full fledge wetting and make out sessions. The most recent events were back to back but we don't always see each other that often but everytime we've all gotten together, it's ended wet. :-)

*010*2014-04-02 17:43

It means they don't believe me.

I don't mind, I know that its true.

*011*2014-04-03 10:59

I have bad news, my girlfriend and I split. She ended up getting involved with the other woman and admitted that she prefers women. I never saw this coming. Its all very surreal.

