Rachel’s Jeans Wetting POV [Video+Photos]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2012-10-23 13:52

Hello everyone, I want to bring to you another of my wetting fun times, but I regret that this will be my last for some time. The primary reason being that in the process of making this little film for you (or more precisely taking photos after the video), I dropped my camera which was damaged. I will talk a bit more about this later but let me tell you about my fun and naughty times before discussing the sad fate of my camera.

So I’ve been making a fair number of films lately, I find my interest in wetting myself for pleasure comes and goes in waves, not entirely unconnected with my cycle. I’m still figuring out how it works and what makes it more acute. But anyhow this was about a week ago (early October) and I was feeling particularly naughty. It also happened to be laundry day which considerably encourages my naughty times. I can be a naughty girl but I’m also practical and a poor student. I’m not inclined to wash things in my sink unless I absolutely have to and well jeans take a while to dry.

So as it was laundry day, and as I want to try to showcase different kinds of panties in my wettings (cause you never know what people like and it’s fun to try different stuff), I decided to put on a pair of my largest granny panties. Yes every girl owns a pair of these whether they are willing to admit it or not. I bought these a while back in a bout of feeling a little heavy and they have a control top of sorts. As you can see in later pictures (or can you), they are silky tan coloured and they usually come out underneath certain formal dresses I have. But today I decided to put them on under my favourite pair of jeans.

So I put on my granny panties and jeans, along with my favourite purple striped socks (why is it that purple show wet the best?) Along with a black top I wear far too often. I find I’m becoming pretty lazy with clothes and choosing them as I get further along in my degree, I might just risk becoming one of these grad students who wanders around campus in nothing but PJs, though I’m not at that point yet.

I also decided to do a different kind of shoot. As you know, I usually put the camera on the little ledge and I’ve taken most of my videos from behind but this time I wanted to show the front. Funny aside but ever notice how when you do a film from one side that the pee tends to run down the opposite? Anyhow so I wanted to shoot a POV shot looking down as I had an accident. This meant that I could leave it a little later than normal, as setting the camera up just right is always very challenging. This would be easier in a way but the challenge would be holding the camera steady when I was filming. I try not to jump about too much but you never know what will work when you really gotta pee.

So this was about 3 in the afternoon, I had done quite a lot of work during the day and decided to reward myself with a little fun. I changed into my fun clothes and started drinking. Now I had visited the loo earlier in the afternoon, probably around 1:30-2:00 (I can lose track of time if I’m really getting into things), but when I started I didn’t feel like I had to go, but I was definitely not empty. The one thing I like about control top panties, and the pair I had on, was that they come up way over the waist line of your jeans, so if you wiggle about, you can feel the jeans rubbing on the satiny fabric of the panties. Say what you will about how they look but they can feel amazing.

This was what I changed into:

So I had tea, this always seems to go right through me, I know is the caffeine and well I’m not really much of a coffee person (old habit). So I made a pot of Earl Gray and settled in with a good non-fiction I’ve been trying to work on. Now I’m a fast reader, it comes with spending large portions of my day reading, so by the time I had finished the pot (which came out to about 4 medium sized glasses, each with sugar and soy milk, of course), I had been about an hour and a half and I had finished off a good 100 pages. I’m reading a book about American political culture, (Deer Hunting with Jesus) to help understand American voters (or lack thereof) a little better. All you American members should go out and vote (or burn your passports I don’t care which).

Ok so by this time I had to go very bad. My reading speed had dropped and well those of you who follow some of my posts know I’m not one for making really long big holds, I simply can’t do it. So I decided at this stage, and I was probably about an 8 or so, that I would head down and get ready for my video. I purposefully didn’t prepare my video/shower kit before sitting down to read so I had to bounce around the room getting everything together, I always forget something if I leave packing until the last minute, and this time it was a change of panties.

So this took a good 15 minutes, and by this point I was jiggling about. This is the best way for me to hold when I have to move about, and well you can see me doing some of it in the first 30 seconds of the video. Anyhow I got down to the showers and someone was in my special shower/bath room and so I had to wait. As some of you know this is the sort of private room with a bath/shower and sink. Whereas all the other stalls are simply little narrow, well stalls which make it very hard to shoot in them. I needed to film in my little room but it was occupied. So now, still around an 8 on the old scale I put down my bag and hopped about the shower room. Why is it always full of almost empty shampoo bottles? Who uses bottles anymore and why are they such slobs?

Well I could hear the water running in the small room and knew the person was still showering. How long would it take for them to finish, dry off, change and possibly fix hair, do makeup etc.? I continued to hobble about and started criss-crossing my legs, you can also see this in the first 30 seconds of the video, as I tried to hold on just a little bit longer for you guys! ;)

So now I was really desperate, about 15 minutes had passed (who can count when you are bursting to pee), and the shower was finally off (I mean who takes such long showers…) and I had already had a few tiny leaks. They sort of dribbled out today, no uncontrolled spurts drenching the gusset of my panties, just a slow dribble, meaning I was very close to a 10 and having an accident. I was still in 9 territory, which for me is as good as a 10, and I started thinking about either going in one of the stalls or calling it off. I was not entirely committed to the video and the hold, there is a washroom just around the corner and I could easily have nipped in there, and gone up to my room with dignity intact, damp panties, but no video.

I could also have nipped into one of the stalls but they are very narrow and have terrible light so the whole thing could be a waste. Well I was thinking through my options and had decided to stand absolutely still with my legs crossed tightly and my foot jiggling while I gave the person another 2 minutes.

I was lucky, I hard movement inside the room and it was clear the person was on their way out. I quickly uncrossed my legs for an instant and shot a hand between my legs to see if the little dribbles had made their way through my panties and made a patch on my jeans. They had not. I kept my hand there with my shower/video bag covering it when the bathroom (yes its actually a room for taking baths so this is accurate) door opened and the person came out.

Yes this is a co-ed shower, this is why there are stalls with benched and the bath room, so people can get some privacy but the middle room onto which all of the shower stalls lead, is co-ed. Out of the bathroom came Joe (not his real name), who is doing an MPhil on law. We’ve chatted at bit during formal halls and in the bar and he’s a nice Asian-America. He said hi and I nodded and sorta smiled/grimaced, not trusting my voice at this point and not wanting to get into a conversation of any length.

As soon as he was clear of the shower room I hurried in, threw down my shower bag and pulled out the camera. I really had to go but needed to take a few before shots, so I put the camera on the ledge and did one self timer shot of me in my jeans (see above), this was after the mandatory forgetting to put the self-timer on shot and getting one of my hand. Then I grabbed the camera and jumped into the shower. I was breathing very heavily at this point under the strain of holding it in, and also my heart was beating as a thousand scenarios flashed across my mind involving what would have happened if Joe had not come out just about when he did.

And I shot this video:

JEans Oct GRanny Pantes.wmv

As I said, I wanted to catch a little desperation, and this time it was very real. For the first 30 seconds you can see me bouncing about and crossing and uncrossing my legs. I didn’t want to bounce about too much, and I wanted to, but I knew it would be bad for the video. At 28 seconds I lost a spurt, not a dribble this time but a good sized spurt. And you can see me gluing my thighs together. Then I tried to hold on a little longer. I think if I had been in public (or still outside of the bathroom) I would have held on for a little longer, but it was starting to hurt, and I was worried about doing damage. 

At 33 seconds I released a little more, a conscious spurt which never really stopped (I couldn’t get it under control), and I could feel the warmth spreading down the back of my thighs. Again funny how the pee spot always spreads away from the camera! I was not in control but I was not totally peeing either. At this stage a small drizzle was coming out and slowly dripping down the back of my legs, it felt very erotic and I must say something about the slow spreading of warm liquid down my legs is so hot. 

I think if I can ever make another video that I will do one where I’m no desperate, but slowly let out a small bit by bit, slowly wetting myself, so I can feel the warm wetness blooming across my lower-half. I will certainly do this on my own soon. Drenching is fun because of the feelings of losing control but there is certainly something to be said about slowly wetting.

At 35 seconds I tried to fix this by moving my thighs a little, squeezing my labia differently. This stopped the drizzle somewhat and for a few more seconds I was no longer peeing. I was certainly not dry, the gusset of my granny panties was soaked, as was the seat of my pants. The wet patch, in all its warm wet delight, had slowly migrated to almost above the back of my knees. At 43 Seconds I shifted myself a little more and I could feel my labia spread and open (as well as being fabulously wet), and I released. At 44 seconds I was no longer trying to hold anything back but I simply soaked my pants.

This was a perfect sensual wetting for me, because I could feel the warmth of the pee slowly spreading across my inner thighs, and running exquisitely down my legs. Like a warm sun-kissed flower blooming.

At 52 seconds it reached my feet, and I know how much some of you love feet, well I’m very happy with the result, as you can see, the pee slowly spreads across my feet in a beautiful pattern.

At 1:26 I spread my legs, and lift my foot to show all you foot lovers what happens to feet when naughty little girls pee their panties. Now I then switched the camera on to photo mode and took a picture of my foot as well:

Then I went about setting the camera up on the ledge to take a few after pictures of me in my wet pants. I set up the timer this time and stepped back into the bath, when the camera teetered and fell. Now it only fell about a meter and a half, but that apparently was enough. I set I back up again and took the shot and when I check it, it turned out like this:

It was all grainy and the digital screen wasn’t working. So I thought I’d try it with the flash, and so I took these:

Now I’m not one for technology but I do know to try turning it off and on again, so I did and tried again:

No luck, my camera is broken. It’s pretty old so this could have happened any time, but well yeah, it’s totally screwed. These are quite literally the best pictures it can take. Well I was pretty depressed at this point, I didn’t really budget for a new camera any time in the next few years (you don’t even want to imagine what international student fees are at Cambridge…). So well yeah. I took a few more just to finish what I started, so here are the much praised granny panties and the result of my ‘accident’

.

But well yeah, so I finished the shoot but my camera has only gotten worse, the lens cover does not close all the time and the pictures and videos are getting grainier and grainer. So this will be my last post for a while until I can work out some way to get a camera.

I was chatting with a few member about this over the week and well I’m considering my options, I might put a call out to all members for help with getting an old digital camera, perhaps a wet panties for camera swap? Anyhow hope you all enjoy.

Hugs

Rachel

&&

&&

&&

&&

*012*2012-10-24 17:23

{{:

They make shampoo that doesn't come in bottles?

Nice video. I only wish there had been sound.

}}

Heck yeah:

%https://www.lush.co.uk/product/301/New-Solid-Shampoo-Bar

This is the future, those bottles are so wasteful!

Thanks for all the nice comments everyone!

See I'm not into feet but I know how much you all love them!

*018*2012-10-29 10:59

{{:

To me, those pictures don't appear generally grainy but have a very regular pattern of lines.

I'm not really an expert, but this to me suggests a perhaps 1/4 chance that you could fix it if you took them apart and put it back together. e.g. like some little connector is very slightly loose.

}}

I took it to a shop, the camera's too old to fix, basically they don't have the parts and it would be cheaper to buy a new one :( sigh

