Flood on the Water

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-08-20 20:15

Hey everyone, i haven't added a story in a while and after reading some stories on here it got me in the mood to write. This particular incident happened just yesterday and i had added to my list of things to write but now i have motivation i will write it now. I apologize in advance if there are any spelling mistakes, i am currently quite desperate to pee and drinking a nice big cup of tea so hopefully i will be able to finish my story before i wet myself ;).

So anyway the story.....I was at work and usually when im at work i drink a lot of tea and usually use the toilet at lunchtime then don't go again till i get home because i enjoy holding my bladder and love to get home and wet myself in the shower. Yesterday was like any other day, i went to the toilet at about half 12 and then spent all afternoon in my office working on some presentations and drank a few cups of tea. By the time i finished work at half 4 my bladder was getting quite full but not too full that i wouldn't make it home. So i packed up my stuff and headed outside to my land rover.

As i walked across the car park i noticed my dog stood next to my Land Rover. I looked at him puzzled until i saw my boyfriend sat in the back of it. I asked what he was doing and said he was bored so decided to come and see me so i put my stuff inside and we went for a walk round the park.

We got back to our car about 45 minutes later and my boyfriend suggested we go out onto the lake in a boat and it sounded like fun so we headed down to the boat house which the guy who runs it was just bringing the boats in and was about to close up. We asked if we could take out a boat and he said we could and asked us when we had done to put it away and lock up as he was heading home. We picked the boat nearest the exit and my boyfriend set off rowing and because the boats were shut we had the lake to ourselves.

As we rowed along i suddenly remembered my bladder, walking around had calmed it down and took it out of my mind....but now i was sitting still i was starting to feel it again....and it was quite bad. I told my boyfriend and he just smiled mischievously. I looked at him puzzled and he said "well ya know i figured your bladder would be quite full and i thought how can i play on that and then thought being on a boat in the middle of a lake with nowhere to go would be quite fun".

I then realized what he was saying, here i was with a rapidly filling bladder and i was trapped on a boat. I asked him to head back so i could go pee, knowing it was pointless....he just looked at me smiling and said "NAH" and continued rowing away. After about 10 minutes i was busting for a pee and the sound of the oars splashing through the water really wasn't helping. I was starting to think if i would get off the boat with dry knickers.I kept asking him to head back but he just kept rowing. My bladder kept filling and i was really dying for a pee and now had my legs crossed tight to stop my knickers getting wet. I thought he would just keep going until i wet myself but we reached the end of the lake and he turned round and began heading back.

I asked him if we were heading back and he said yeah.....this didn't seem right, i then asked him if when we got back if i could go pee and he said i could. I assumed he was just being nice and then began asking him to row faster and hurry up cos i was seriously close to leaking. There was a while to go before we got back to the hut and i was starting to doubt i could make it if he didn't hurry up.

I thought about peeing right there but then i realized i was wearing shorts, if i had a skirt on i would just spread my legs, move my knickers to the side and just pee giving him a show.....but i didn't i had shorts on and to pee without wetting myself i would have to take them off and there were people walking round the edge of the lake. We were halfway back and my legs were now going crazy and shaking like mad trying to stop my bladder from emptying in my knickers. Suddenly it squeezed and i leaked, shooting a little pee into my knickers. I grabbed my crotch and begged him to hurry up before i wet myself.

The situation was making me very aroused but as much as i liked it i didn't want to wet myself and i didn't want to take off my shorts and have the people around see me. I leaked again....and again. I undid my shorts and shoved my hand down the front of them, grabbing at my pussy through my knickers. Suddenly the boat stopped moving and i looked up to find my boyfriend watching me obviously enjoying the show. I begged him to continue, we were so close to the hut but he just shook his head.

"i could continue but then i wouldn't get to watch this wonderful show" he said.

As he said this i leaked again, I felt the pee shoot into my rapidly dampening knickers and onto my fingers. I looked down and now i had a little damp patch on the front of my shorts. I showed him the wet patch and told him i was leaking like mad and that my knickers were getting very damp and to my shock he started to row again. As we got closer and closer to the boathouse my knickers got more and more wet as i kept leaking. I was nearing my limit and the only thing keeping my knickers from getting completely soaked was my hand against my wee hole. Although that wasn't stopping leaks from escaping and now my knickers and shorts were very wet. I really couldn't hold it much longer and was happy when we rowed back into the boat house. As we entered he pulled the doors shut behind him and i looked round but the dock was getting no nearer. I turned round and he had stopped rowing. I asked what he was doing and told him to be quick cos i was starting to wet myself.

"i said you could go pee when we got back" he said.

"well we are back so hurry up and row over there so i can go pee cos im about to burst"

"aaahhhh i said you could pee when we got back, i never said you could get out of the boat" he said, winking at me.

"oh god please let me get out, im about to wet myself completely" i replied.

He just laughed and said "thats the point".

I pleaded with him to let me go, although now we were undercover and couldn't be seen i wasn't so self conscious. As i begged him to let me go i spurted suddenly, it shot through my knickers and onto my fingers and began to run down my thigh. He sat back and watched me wiggling and squirming like mad and i begged him again to let me go pee.

"you can go pee if you want, you just aren't getting out of the boat"

Fine i said, i stood up and as i did i spurted again, i grabbed myself with both hands and started pee dancing like mad, partly cos i wanted to give him a show but mostly cos if i stopped moving i would burst completely. I regained control and slid my shorts down revealing my now soaked blue knickers.. I kicked them off and stood up again clutching myself through my soaked knickers dancing and squirming like crazy trying to hold on just a little longer. I had to pee right now, if i didn't i wouldn;t have any choice and would wet my knickers completely. The only thing i could do was pull my knickers down and squat over the side of the boat and pee in the water. 

I went to pull them down and he shook his head "you aren't allowed to take them off" he said. I begged him to let me take them off, spurting into them as i did. He continued shaking his head and i gave in and went to squat over the side and he pulled me back. You cant do that either he said, that's getting off the boat. I then sat back down put my hand down my knickers and rubbed my wee hole like mad. I was about to pee and there was nothing i could do to stop it anymore. The only option i had was to move my knickers to the side and pee in the boat.

I grabbed the leg hole and moved them over, revealing my twitching wee hole. The moment it was open i started to lose control and sighed in relief as it started to spray out into the bottom of the boat. I was enjoying the wonderful feeling of releasing my bladder when suddenly out of nowhere my knickers pinged back across my pussy and my pee began to soak them through. I looked up to find my boyfriend smiling as his hand moved away and he watched my pee pouring through my knickers as they began to go see through. I didn't care anymore, it was so nice to pee and the feeling of my knickers getting soaked through was nice too. I finally finished peeing and sighed happily. I looked down to find a huge puddle in the boat, like it had sprung a leak and had begun to sink.

My boyfriend then slowly moved the boat towards the dock and we both got out. He pulled the boat out of the water and tipped it up so my pee ran into the water. I suddenly realized i was stood there in my pee soaked knickers and suddenly became insanely horny watching my pee trickle into the water. After it had trickled out he grabbed the mop and mopped out the bottom of the boat. He then turned round and smiled at me just standing there in my knickers with pee dripping down my legs. I wanted nothing more than to flop onto the floor right there in the boathouse and slide my hand in my knickers and rub my aching pussy and make it explode with cum but i resisted knowing when we got home we would have plenty of fun.

I slid my shorts back on and they dampened slightly as they came into contact with my knickers. We headed back to the car and i asked him to drive home so we jumped in and set off. Only 5 minutes into the journey the feeling of my wet knickers sticking to my pussy was making my clit throb and my pussy leak love juice into my knickers. I slowly started rubbing my pussy through my shorts and couldn't take it and slid my hand into my knickers and rubbed my clit. I began moaning like mad and luckily we were almost home cos my boyfriend was almost crashing listening to me moan and i reaaaaallly needed to cum. 

We pulled into the driveway and we jumped out and headed inside. I went upstairs stripped off to my knickers and jumped in the shower. Moments later my boyfriend appeared and needless to say we had lots of fun in which my knickers became very very wet and sticky. Then after having lots of fun we washed off and got dressed and snuggled up and watched tv. Then suddenly my boyfriend said "hmmm i wonder if they have CCTV in the boathouse". I laughed then realized their might be, at first i was worried but then the more i thought about it the more turned on i became about getting caught doing something so naughty.

Luckily when i went to work this morning i checked and there was no CCTV but i will never be able to look at the particular boat the same way again ;)

FIN

Hope you all enjoyed, i certainly enjoyed writing it but i best finish it off quickly cos for the last half an hour i have been absolutely busting for a pee and have been slowly leaking into my little pink knickers (writing about leaking hasn't helped) and they are very wet with pee and love juice and as im writing this line im starting to pee my knickers and im about to have an accident any second so ima dash off and jump in the shower and wet my knickers and pyjama bottoms......hopefully i get there before i pop and pee all over the floor....oh god im losing it......byeeeeeeee~~

*002*2013-08-20 20:29

{{ 

You wrote this well, this coherently, and hell even pretty much proper grammar everywhere while that desperate?

(whistles appreciatively)

}}

I hold quite a lot so i get used to doing stuff whilst desperate :p

