Naughty wetting in dorm lounge

Author: pianoboo

*000*2015-04-18 14:58

Hey folks! I know I haven't posted in a while but I finally found some time to do so.

Last night, I was doing some homework in my dorm room, and my roommate was across the room watching Netflix. I felt a pretty strong urge to piss, about a 7, but ignored it, as I only had one more page of questions to answer of my criminology homework. Then I figured I would take a short break and use the restroom and heat up my coffee that had gotten cold.

Just as I was about to finish up my work, my roommate decided it would be the perfect time for her to take a shower. I groaned on the inside, and cursed her awful timing. Quickly, I finished up my remaining questions and grabbed my key. I knocked on the bathroom door, but she didn't hear me. I tried the key, but she had locked the door from the inside.

I was growing slightly more desperate, but I thought that I could hold it until she was out of the shower. Resigning myself to hold it, I went back into my room and grabbed my mug of cold coffee. While in the process, I was caught off-guard by a huge wave of desperation, and ended up spurting a small amount into my panties, even after grabbing my crotch. After the wave had passed, I started my walk upstairs to the lounge, in order to use the microwave.

I am living in the basement floor of my dorm building, and the lounge is centrally located on the second floor, so I had to walk up two flights of stairs to get there. On my way up, several more waves of desperation hit, and with each one I had to stop and cross my legs tightly and hold my crotch. By the time I made it upstairs to the lounge, I was dancing with my need. I looked around and there was no one there, so I freely held myself while I microwaved my coffee.

The microwave in my dorm building is a very old microwave, and to get coffee hot, you have to microwave it for somewhere between two and three minutes. As this was happening, I was growing more and more desperate. I knew I wouldn't make it any longer, and I had to let some out. Looking around, I searched for some sort of receptacle for my piss. There was nothing there that could be used, and I was getting more and more concerned. Suddenly, I spotted a pile of gigantic stuffed bears against the far wall. I waddled over to the wall a grabbed one, stuffing it between my legs.

Just as I stuffed the bear between my legs, the dam burst. I flooded my panties, mentally thanking myself for wearing a skirt. I peed for what seemed like several minutes, feeling the warmth of my pee soaking into the bear. I heard the microwave timer go off, and continued peeing. the bear was completely soaked, and it was starting to drip. Finally, my stream ended. I propped the bear back up by the rest of the bears, rearranged my skirt, grabbed my coffee and headed back to my dorm for some more homework.

*009*2015-04-21 01:22

Lol, the area is very secluded, and there are two different doorways one would have to go through to get there,,,,,

Yeah, poor janitor... IF there was a janitor! No one cleans anything in this dorm...

