Best Wetting Experience - Ever

Author: Slater

*000*2015-06-17 08:43

I promised this story over 4 years ago and I never delivered.

This was part of a series of accidents I was describing that I witnessed during my school-days, and I stopped at the 5th grade. This school had so many accidents and near-accidents occur, but this one by far tops the list—every list!

Calling this girl Shel, she was part Indian so she had very dark complexion, very fuzzy hair, but the body of a goddess for that time. She was actually already wearing a bra for sure and like most of us she was pretty fit. Her face wasn’t the smoothest but she made a lot of friends, and she was tall. Not the popular crowd but certainly no loser either (like I was, I had zero friends).

We had a gym teacher who I am 100% positive was into omorashi. My sister (I named Lilly from the stories I wrote involving her) informed me of how, apparently in every grade, the coach wouldn’t allow anyone (namely girls) use the bathroom. Only if someone had to throw up, otherwise you couldn’t go, even though there was a freakin’ bathroom right there in the gym. It was likely so infrequently used the toilet paper was probably changed out only once a week from the early morning kids’ crowd.

Classes here rotated in slight imitation to middle and high school where each teacher had different subjects, but we only had 4-5 and we had homerooms, a main teacher so to speak. But the odd number meant that my class was broken up into groups and tagged along for things like music and P.E. (physical education, or gym), and that is how I knew Shel. She was a member of the science teacher’s group.

We always started P.E. walking laps around the large concrete-smoothed court with various painted stripes, and so I didn’t notice any desperation. Only after we did our running session when coach yelled “STOP!” and we had to stand still and wait for leaders to be called out to lead exercises.

That’s when I noticed Shel wasn’t exactly being still. She was rubbing her legs together and clenching her polished white teeth which contrasted easily with her dark complexion. She was wearing a long-sleeve bright purple sweater with indented stripes running vertically (and her nice pair of blessings visibly big enough to show off the nice lumps through that thick sweater at the chest) and something that looks like this:

(And ironically enough, that is close to her skin tone too!)

Nylon sports pants, just like this except a blue stripe running down the sides and darker color. But otherwise, exactly like this. I was hopeful and knew the signs of desperation and on a scale of 0 to 10, she was at least a 6 or 7. She had to go bad, and she knew she was going to have to wait until P.E. was over because coach sure as heck wouldn’t let anyone (especially a girl) go during class. Specialty classes for us 5th graders was at the end of the day so it was about 3 pm. So she must have been holding it in for a very, very long time.

Then after we got our leaders for stretches, Shel made a short scuffing run to the nearest place in a line. I tried to get directly behind her but a friend of hers beat me to the spot so I got the next-best thing, beside her to her left but one place behind. She was shivering. Badly. Shaking. Rubbing her legs together. Shel’s hands were sweaty and nervously rolling up the baggy sides of her nylons. Her white shoes were quietly squeaking like anxious mice against the smooth floor, sliding slightly and tilting, rolling on her toes. No, she wasn’t a 6 or 7, she was a 9! My boner was instant and luckily I had a thing for baggy pants as I watched her puffed frizzled hair wiggle with her body. She was doing everything in her power to not grab her crotch and make it obvious.

We took a few minutes to just do general stretches to ourselves, usually with toe-touches before we began the drilled stretches. Shel wasn’t actually technically in the correct position perfectly aligned but she didn’t seem to notice or care.

If it weren’t for the noise of the kids stretching and moving around, you could pick up her faint squeaks and breaths of desperation, gasping for air she was so nervous, reverberating like a rattlesnake tail as she bounced on the balls of her feet. I pretended to be stretching too far out in a direction towards her so I could get closer. I had seen girls get nearly this desperate before and I knew for a fact she was likely not going to make it through P.E.

While Shel was shaking intently, she gripped the side of her pants really hard, pulling them up some with both hands. I heard a loud sniffle. She lifted up her right leg high up and rubbed it behind her left, I could hear the nylon zip and sift as she did so. Shel then locked her knees together, her right leg still in the air behind her like a crossed ‘7’ shape, bent down slightly. She released her grip from her pants, rubbed the front of her thighs then gripped her knees and bent her head low.

I could see only a small portion of her face, but she was squinting hard and then her face softened. She bent over twice, her slender dark hands let go of her knees. While she was shivering up and down, the darkness appeared. Rapidly. I couldn’t even blink. She eased herself up, her right leg thumped down, toe of that white shoe touchdown on the ground opposite side next to her left shoe. Her legs stopped shaking and relaxed as her bladder did, the warm darkness spreading out at first in patters and drops and then quickly being engulfed in a flood.

Then Shel's relaxing right leg lazily swung in a backward arc, her toe sliding against the ground back in place to her right, and she stepped her legs apart and peed in them with total visible relief. Her left hand that returned its momentary tight grip on her pants by her pockets released its clench as her right hand was resting either on her chest or on her bladder.

Nylon is the prettiest thing to marry with pee. It shines and resists wetness, allowing it to be captured in a beautiful full essence like a glistening waterfall in the bright sun. I knew that to see so much of it meant she had thoroughly soaked several layers of white inner cotton-polyester material and her panties were probably as drenched as possible because the nylon and all of those layers hold up that warm liquid like a temporary diaper. Her pee was cupping in every loose fold to be filled like spring rain running down a stairway. It was lovely, you didn’t just have a pattering puddle on the ground but multiple little puddles forming along the wrinkles on her pants themselves, sliding down ever so gently and unhurriedly everywhere on the floor.

The tan, polished concrete surface was littered with drops, each area where her pee was gathering in places fighting for dominance to become the main lake at her feet. Her pristine white tennis shoes were marked with the faint staining of urine because the pants were clinging tightly around her ankles. So instead of rushing along a hemline, they drenched her feet and socks, and this spurred Shel to spread her legs a little wider. But in pants such as these, that was a useless gesture and just upset the little pools of pee into new places and overflowing elsewhere as they continued glittering in the flood lights above and the sun’s rays shining through the windows and open doors on the cool, windy day.

Shel’s breathing was heavy, she was moaning a bit at every breath, feeling the rising of her stomach with her right hand that could contain nothing while her left hand hung uselessly at her side. Shel was watching the damage on the front side of which must have been major because most of her pants were tucked tightly around the front.

On and on she peed for an eternity. It was hard to tell exactly when she stopped because she peed so much with such explosive streams for easily a minute or longer that the little puddles forming all over those nylon pants kept dribbling and flickering pee even after she was done. Her right foot squeaked a little as she tilted her toe inward, rubbing the discorded puddle forming around her.

She continued to stand there, stunned, awestruck, quite mortified and pinned into place after she finished drenching herself. When the call was made to start drills, where we put our legs in front and do ground-based toe touches, she bent down with both legs tightly together as if to try and hide her accident. She slid out her right leg first and then with a great squeal…

Sat in it. She was sitting in her rainfell pee. Shel never moved her eyes or face away from staring at her legs (and neither did I), and her front was really wet too.

At this point, coach realized there was a discrepancy in the alignment of students in her row. In fact her friend behind her was the one who was called upon because she was too far back.

“Shel!” The coach said loudly. “Scoot forward.”

This caused every… single… student to look at her. She bent her head low, put her hands out as far as she could, leaned back and as she slid forward, her wet tennis shoes and pants painted her pond of pee across the floor with a loud squeal.

The coach didn’t notice at first but every kid was shocked.

“Why don’t you move forward?” coach asked Shel’s friend who did not dare go near the liquid.

“It’s wet,” she said quietly.

“It’s sweat?” coach asked.

Shel’s friend threw her arms. “It’s WET!”

The class responded in unison proper: “Ewwwwuuuu!”

“Shel!” The coach barked, “That better not be what I think it is! That’s what first graders do.”

Shel had a dark complexion to her face, but it was cherry oak red. She looked around at the kids, all of them staring back with their gnarled, grim or laughing faces. She was silent and brave, trying to keep her composure but ultimately just accepted her fate. She was forced to do all of the drills and exercises in her wonderfully soaked pants, zipping and shifting her legs around making a great wet ruckus of noise in them.

And when she stood up for jumping jacks, the back of her pants were beyond and completely totally submerged and dripping, her movements squeezing more out like an overfilled sponge. Full soak, left to right, from the very tip blue edges of each side of the leg and solidly all through the middle and unnaturally way up far on her butt. My eyes gulped in every detail.

In the middle of exercises we had a fire drill, and some of the boys were teasing her behind her back as they pointed at her panty line showing when she bent down but her friend stood up for her, backhanding anyone who started sneering. She kept her place in line during the drill, gulping bravely and keeping her head up high. When the fire drill was over and we were back in place inside the gym, she was finally excused to go to the nurse. Whose office was on the complete opposite side of the entire length of the school.

She ran as fast as she could out of P.E., white shoes squeaking very loudly like a basketball court as she tracked some of her shoeprints across the floor. She returned later as we were practicing shooting hoops with basketballs in all new clothes and tried to pretend as if nothing happened. We talked about it that next week but after that it seemed like everyone just forgot about it. Which was nice because half the school was aware that the coach didn’t let anyone use the bathroom and apparently accidents were notoriously frequent during P.E. periods for each grade.

And that’s that. Hope you enjoyed my writing detail.

*002*2015-06-17 17:09

{{ 

You certainly have a way with words. I'm amazed you remember all that detail. Perhaps some of it is, not embellished, but, what's the right word, reconstructed? I know if I try to retell an old memory in exquisite detail, there's a lot of gaps that I have to fill in by making vague details specific using educated guesses. Anyway, good story.

You didn't mention your age at the time. Fifth grade, was it?

}}

To maybe try and explain that some; I've never thought about that: while I changed her name in this story, hers was the only name I remember from that grade (actually, that and another gal who I saw have a near accident). It was in the middle or getting closer to spring which would have made me nearly or over 11-years-old; it was less than 15 years ago for me. I also fantasized about that particular incident frequently from then to now which keeps it pretty vital in my mind. Stories I've written related to my sister's accidents have much more reconstruction than this one especially since I was younger in most of those incidents and my interest in omorashi was building up to a point and I didn't really attach my sibling to it till much later.

But I've been into omorashi since I was 4, and I have fantasized with it just as long. My interests in omorashi haven't changed much since roughly the 3rd and 4th grade.

Some bits of it might have been reconstructed (and clearly I am not her so I cannot possibly know a lot of intricate details but they were easy to imagine), but for the most part that was how I remember it. I'm just an aspiring author; I specifically insert all or more detail into my stories instead of just saying, "she wet her pants". I'm a natural writer as well so my memories are tied to things artistically. I even remember that it was Friday because I practically did nothing that weekend but stay in bed and fantasize about it, and about every night for the next 2 weeks.

Except for the fact coach was wearing tanned shorts and was one ugly dude (he sort of looked like Napoleon Dynamite at age 60 with a beer gut), I don't remember anything else. Her friend had 2 omorashi moments for me that school year so I sort of remember what she looked like and her face. Everything else is a blur. I don't know what was on the walls, I don't remember what I was wearing (except baggy pants), I don't remember any other face. My brain blocked everything else out. I don't even remember the name of the school.

I also blame all of my childhood experiences with omorashi and my lack of sexual interests and for being a lolicon fan. (I suffer from genophobia, which is the fear of sex, in every shape and form; I find the act rather disturbing and disgusting, go figure I'm into omorashi.) To me, the story is still hot and I've relived it several times.

Perhaps the biggest reason I remember so much though is that I have written the story down at least 3 times (before this one), once on paper and twice digitally as a means of increasing my writing effectiveness as an author. When I said my eyes gulped in every detail, I meant it. I was specifically wanting to never forget that moment for the rest of my life.

But in the end, the more I think about it, the more I realize that I really shouldn't remember that much detail. Except for a few other stories (like when my sister 'Lily' willingly peed in her swimsuit or my cousin 'Faith' peed in these caprices for me at Christmas) I don't remember quite nearly as much detail in any other wetting experience of mine. I remember significantly less detail about my own wetting experiences but those aren't moments I psychologically care for.

Warning, could be a bit sexual and not omo

{{ 

I-don't-want-to-use-the word-'masturbate'-because-that's-technically-incorrect-because-I-suffer-from-the-fear-of-sex-in-nearly-every-shape-and-form.But-fantasy-and-relive-is-sort-of-tied-in.

}}

Thanks for reading!

*008*2015-06-20 03:51

Thanks for the comments vote ups! I was beginning to feel unpopular the last round I was here.

I still have a few more stories left in my personal experience arsenal, but I'm starting to 'run dry' .

For those interested, links are below to some of my other stories. But they are incredibly ancient:

Faith series (younger cousin):

1 $/573-faith-in-faith/

2 $/5191-faith-in-fath-2/

3 $/16381-faith-in-faith-finale/#entry644652

.

Unforgettable Wettable Sister

$/125-unforgettable-%E2%80%98wettable%E2%80%99-sister/

.

Lisa's Second Secret (fiction, OC)

$/622-lisas-second-secret/?hl=%2Bslater#entry6144

.

Stories from School 1

$/1556-stories-from-school/

.

Hours Late, but On Time (work related omorashi stories)

(Never mind, the story seems to be missing or removed)

.

Desperate Tails (fanfiction with the Chipettes)

$/4057-competition-entry-desperate-tails/

*011*2015-06-21 15:04

{{ 

The closest I have seen happen was the time when I scared a friend of mine to cure her hiccups and ended up with her making a small wet spot on her crotch. (She still thanked me because the cure worked!) I also saw the puddle on the floor left by another friend after watching a (somewhat) scary movie, but she knew it was going to happen and pulled back her dress so it stayed dry. Yet another time, I (along with all the other classmates) saw the wet trail left by a bully after he wet himself, but he was long gone by that time...

}}

I've been, extremely fortunate. I've witnessed more omo moments in 5th grade than most people have in a lifetime. But now I get to share that with you guys! I'm telling you, something was REALLY messed up about that school and bathrooms. Accidents and near-accidents were like, left-and-right. The nurse just started keeping an arsenal of clothes on standby.

