First little accident

Author: ekkiperla

*000*2013-01-20 00:23

My first ever wet experience that I can remember

This really stock with me. I was maybe 3-5 years old in kindergarten. I was playing with my dolls and everyone was suppose too wash their hands and use the toilet before lunch time. I was too into my playing that I forgot and went right to the little table to sit. I really needed to pee but I was too shy to ask because there was a new teacher (a guy) that was working and helping out. I really did admire him.

I was starting to fidget and me with my tiny little bladder just could not hold it anymore. I was sitting in a little plastic chair and I could feel my bum getting all wet running down my legs and on to the floor. I just couldn’t move I was so scared and ashamed. He was smiling and talking to the other teachers and I was so embarrass. They had jet to notes my little accident.

My bum was all warm and wet and one of the other kids had pointed in my direction “look she peed her pants” I gasped and my eyes filling with tears. All the kids looking at me in surprise and a little laughter “I.. umm dint mean to” I said in a low voice trying to not draw attention to wear I was sitting the tears now running steadily down my cheeks. The teacher now looking in my direction and I could not hide the little poodle that was soaking the floor and the big wet spot that was clearly visible on my little pink pants that where now dark. The sobbing got more intense one of the teachers taking my hand and leading me out the classroom I could see the shock on his face as I was dragged out.

I got a change of clothing and everything went smut from there. I was still embarrassed for a long time, but when you are little a long time is not really that long.

I found out a little later that I had a little crush on him. My very first crush to be more exact.

I hope that you like my little embarrassing story of my very first accident that I REALLY remember.

*001*2013-01-20 01:20

I made a little drawing to match the story

*008*2013-01-25 17:35

{{: 

That's a really cute story. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thanks you for commenting

{{: 

Agreed, that's a cute story and I like the lil pic you drew as well :) I've had a couple of those sorts of accidents myself at that age so I know how you must have felt at the time sweetie x

}}

I just did a little sketch but i am glad that you like it :)

{{: 

Aw, I liked it :3

}}

Thanks

{{: 

Nice story and i love the little adorable pic, thanks :)

}}

Thanks i am glad that you likt it

{{: 

Awwwwww....I would probably feel scared too when I was younger. I never really was pee shy when I was a kid. Actually I let it out that I needed to go as to be honest I found it funny & so did the others. But I like your story & the drawing to go with it

}}

Thanks and i just find the accident funny now

{{: 

Excellent story and picture.

}}

Thank you and thanks for commenting

