I decided to wet my pants while working today

Author: VagueUserID

*000*2015-03-17 20:27

I woke up ravenously horny and desperate this morning and decided to work from home. Each and every hour I drink a whole glass of water to intensify my desperation. After few hours I had hit a point if I didn't know if I was going to make it to the bathroom if I couldn't stand it anymore.

It was at that point that I joined a teleconference. 30 minutes into it or 15 minutes ago I simply couldn't stand it another second. I thought about muting the phone and making the trip to the bathroom to pee but then I had this incredible urge to simply piss my pants. As my boss talked on in my ear I began to relax which was far harder than I thought.. and after one last spasm I began to pee my pants completely soaking them the front all the way into my socks and shoes.

I am now sitting here typing this... it's so incredibly fucking warm. If you read this I dare you to piss yourself wherever you are right now. :)

*003*2015-03-17 23:24

I was pee dancing all morning... I was so desperate when I finally relented I thought I would burst. Actually peeing my pants during a meeting and sitting there until the end in my pee soaked jeans felt so hot and naughty.

I'm still horny from the experience. :)

*008*2015-03-18 16:44

{{ 

I like to secretly pee when my husband is asleep and try to clean up and change before he wakes up. It's pretty awesome :D I feel so naughty!

}}

That is incredibly hot.. I haven't wet like that before but I will hold while we are out or doing things and every now and again she asks if I have to pee because I'm so antsy. It's kinda fun be caught

{{ 

No. I hide in the bathroom and pee in my pants. It makes me feel extra naughty because the toilet is right there and I peed in my pants anyway. Other times I'll sneak into our room and get a diaper and use it while I play video games and other stuff like that.

}}

Very hot and naughty.. Your husband doesn't know what he's missing I'd love to see you pee your pants!

*013*2015-03-31 15:08

{{ 

No but I really want to

}}

My ex used to only fuck when she was very desperate so that pressure increased her orgasm. It was fun making her peegasm

