My friend Molly

Author: Blackheart

*000*2012-11-13 10:39

(Note: This story has quite a bit of build up. It's important, I think, to the overall feeling, but you can skip about halfway down if you'd like. Also, there is some gratuitous sexual discussion within.)

Our friend had never done the stuff before, and my girlfriend and I, being the sinful instigators we were, had decided that that was just. Plain. Unacceptable.

"Now, Blackheart, you have to behave yourself. None of us are interested in a three-way here, so no making it awkward," she chided.

The fine, off-white crystalline substance poured gently into the tiny stone goblets. They were a gift for Zoey's 22nd birthday.

"I know that I get a little crazy with Molly, but give me a little credit." My retort was said with bite, but in reality, I was a little worried. When I was a space cadet, a lot of silly things seemed kinda normal. But that was also novelty. I had a better grasp of my "warmed up" self. I hoped.

Orange juice. It's a great accompaniment. The juice itself has several minerals and vitamins that help maintain the body's precursors to dopamine and serotonin. Diesel fuel for the engine, you might say. It even helps the god awful taste. Helps, but doesn't get rid of it. I grimaced as I shot the cocktail. The second round helped a bit more. You use the juice to help wash off any residue. Every iota counts.

T-Minus 30 minutes.

Molly is the slang term for methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine, more commonly known as MDMA. In a less pure form, you can often find it in pill form at raves, under the name Ecstasy. It's usage and effects are so significant that it is classified as its own drug category - an empathogen - or a chemical substance that enhances social and physical empathy. It's an illicit substance, to be sure, though interestingly that hasn't stopped scientists from testing it for its value in treating stress and mental damage. Soldiers with PTSD, for example.

T-Minus 20 minutes.

The biggest problem with Molly, in my opinion, is the half an hour or so it takes to feel the effects, where you're terrified you got shit stuff, or that your body just isn't dealing with it tonight. Knowing ethical people helps. The second biggest problem with Molly is that people can waste it. You want to party? There's a thousand different substances. Molly is a close friend kind of drug. You don't waste experiences with it.

T-Minus 10 minutes.

We sat, and talked, and waited, and felt. When you first feel it, it's pretty unique. For me, I start to yawn. It feels like I'm suddenly stretching and it feels Oh. So. Good. But unlike a normal stretch, it doesn't stop. It goes on, gets more intense. Pretty soon it's across my entire body, and then, if it's good stuff, it creeps inside your head. Things get sparkly.

Houston, we have rainbows.

But I'm sure you're not interested in my random thoughts on drugs. There's one reason you're here. Fortunately for you, this memory is burned into my head, and makes my breath catch every time I replay it. I'm going to have to ask you to be patient, as I want this to mean something to you.

Let me describe my Zoey to you. She's a little short, about 5'5", a very petite girl. Cute as a button face. Legs that could kill. But what really does it for me is her ass. For such a small girl, it's a perfect heart shape, and gives her curves for days. On this night however, it was clothed in dark blue tights, which somehow only accentuated the curvature and smoothness of her body. She wore a clingy dress, that clung even more as the night wore on (Molly makes you sweat not because of the heat, necessarily, but because it's a way for your body to flush out foreign toxins.

In any case, we listened to music, felt it, danced to it. It was light and energetic - it had to be, otherwise I'd get a little overly touchy-feely - and we had fun.

Our friend went out to smoke, get some air. Zoey and I both knew what that meant, in the cosmic sense of things. I have a very sexual nature sober - high on this stuff, everything and everyone was electrically stimulating. She sauntered over, and I took her visage in. I touched her soft skin, felt the warm smoothness of the tights. I kissed her, and it felt like kissing an angel. And then I touched her - erotic but not erogenous, just yet. There's places where you can take hold of a person: The interior of their hip bone, the base of the hair at the back of the neck, that make a soul shiver. And she did.

We have to be careful, we can't make this awkward for her.

Don't worry, I'm listening for the door.

What make my heart skip a beat was when I touched her tights-clad crotch. It was already wet, and the moment I did, she gave this succubus sigh, and gently ground into my hand.

It feels so good.

I know...

My hand had played this movement before, and my fingerings are precise. As aroused as she, was, finding her clit was no issue at all, and making her lose it over that touch was blood for a vampire in me. I could feel her getting closer and closer, the climax of this first overture building and then the squeaky outer screen door opened, and that moment of eternity shattered. In two seconds, she was sitting on my lap innocently playing with a laser pointer with our cats. Our friend came back jolly as all hell, and we danced some more.

Cue the second cigarette. We are rolling incredibly high now, and the world itself feels alive with color and texture, all of it amazing. The moment the door closes the light switch in her eyes flips, and it's her turn to jump on me, and she does so, grinding herself into my body. I, in turn, am helpless as I am rendered into a sexual monster. This time I slip my hand inside the tights, and find her forbidden spot again. It's wet and warm, and as I crook my finger into her, touching her, holding her, controlling her, that overture builds again. She's quiet as she can be - which is saying a lot, honestly - but she still moans and gasps. It comes and she comes, pushing herself as hard as she can against me, going as tense as a statue, biting into my neck. Her prayers to god would make a priest blush, and politely excuse himself.

It's then that she whispers into my ear...

I have to peeeeee....

My mind roils. The door opens again. When I come back to the real world, I find that I'm bouncing my head to music gently while Zoey did the same. To a sober person, the guilty look on her face would have said a lot.

None of us were sober.

I was a puddle of sensual energy, and I didn't trust myself to get up again, or even get out from under the blanket. It didn't help that Zoey teased me whenever she could. Whenever our friend's back was turned, she'd look at my with glittery eyes, and briefly grab her crotch. Shake her butt at me.

Cross her legs.

Bite her lips.

Cigarette Number 3 happens, though not before Zoey and I take another point, our friend needing to call it early. The door closed once more.

Oh god I have to go so bad, but holding it feels so good.

She moved closer, in arm's reach, and turned around, flashing my her ass, covered by her thin tights. Without panties to cover it, I could see the silhouette of her Venus' Mound. It drove me wild. I touched her, and she gasped. She squeezed her legs against my hand.

You really gotta go...? It was both a question and a declaration. My mind was no longer my own.

So bad.

It wouldn't be so bad to let a tiny bit out, would it? I coyly played the Devil's Advocate. As far as I could tell, I was lust incarnate. Just to relieve the pressure.

She gave me a curious, poker-faced look. And then that Mona Lisa smile. She pusher her butt into my hand and froze for a moment. The heat from her pussy was fiery, and I was a moth to the flame. I felt her relax, and immediately a jet of hot urine drenched my hand. She tried to stop, and failed briefly, squirting again, before grinding her crotch into my hand for control. This, combined with the feeling of partial release, made her moan in ecstasy. I nearly came. I'm pretty sure my heart stopped.

She turned to me, still holding her dress up a bit and I, possessed, touched her again. Her knees almost buckled as she came again. It took all of my sanity and willpower to not fuck her then. I could see the same thought in her eyes then too.

The squeaky harbinger of modesty rang again, and suddenly Zoey was just dancing to the music. Briefly the band registered to me. Massive Attack.

Half an hour passes, and our friend is coming down. We, on the other hand, are rising again. Zoey's energy picks up again, as does her fidgeting. Our friend checks her phone, and Zoey flashes her ass to me. Our friend declares that she has to go, and we her our sad hugs. She tells us not to get into too much trouble. I grin at her. The door closes, and our fourth act opens.

I don't think I can hold it any longer.

I don't know what to say. She comes over, takes the blanket off my lap, and puts herself on me. She's so warm. She sits with her legs spread around me, her crotch above mine.

Touch me.

I do. I can do nothing else. I feel the crevices of her body, the muscles, the softness, and I shudder. And she moans. She alternates between tenseness and sensual relaxation.

I love you.

I love you too. More than anything else in the world.

She presses my hand to her pussy again, and that's when it happens. Pee squirts out of her again, wetting her tights once more. She tries to stop, but can only succeed in moaning, as the force of it picks up, hissing against the fabric, running down her legs and over my legs and penis. She whimpers in pleasure, and presses herself against me, unable to hold back, enjoying every second. I watch, transfixed, as it pours out of her. It pools around my body in the chair, as she relaxes utterly, and a purring moan emanates from her. It is the most erotic thing I have ever heard.

After an eternity, she slows down, and immediately picks up by grinding herself against me, still peeing slowly. I slip her sodden tights down, and my wet pants off, and slip myself inside her. She rides me, as out of control as I am. We last only moments, but when I come, so does she. It feels like a beast it tearing itself out of my body, and in my tenseness I try to hold it back, but in seconds, in years, I lose myself. My world whites out.

Some time later, I am aware that she is hugging me, still grinding herself slowly against me. And I reciprocate, I kiss her, grind on her. The climax is over, but there's still plenty of coda.

I love you so much.

Not more than I can love you.

Curtains.

This story is entirely true. The names are different, for obvious reasons, but aside from stylistic changes from my writing style, this is as true to life as I can make it. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. -Blackheart

*003*2012-11-15 11:53

Thanks for reading them, and for your posts, :)

*011*2012-11-27 12:26

I appreciate what you meant with the Borges compliment j0e. And thank you No One, :)

