Drank too much juice...

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-01 18:10

Hello everyone! In this I'm wearing a dusty red hoody with my university logo , boyfriend style jeans, a red top, superman pants and socks with Santas face on. lol. I'm freezing!

When I was little I was infatuated with pear pulp. It is very difficult to find in the UK, but here in Italy, it's in abundance! I love the stuff seriously!

Our tap water tastes gross, guess we aren't used to it, and so I've been depending on store bought alternatives in my thirst quenching escapades. I drank a lot of the stuff until my stomach began to hurt because it's so nice!!

I noticed a little urge in my bladder as I was at my computer. I was shivering and my need quickly grew. I looked over at my near empty litre of pear juice, and having not peed in nearly 7 hours.

I wanted to go to the toilet but I thought I would wait it out. I started shaking my leg, then fanning my legs in and out. Before I knew it I was using my computer with one hand as I had the other hand in the pocket of my hoodie, trying to soothe my distraught bladder.

I had my legs crossed at the ankles, thighs squeezed together and I was going between sliding on the chair and bouncing. I eventually had one hand between my legs and I was scrolling tumblr with one hand desperately trying not to pee.

Waves hit me like my pee was using a crowbar to force its way out but I held on! I remember losing a few squirts, I remember there was a picture of a Weimaraner on my computer lol. I went to the bathroom leaking the whole way there with my eyes watering. I went into the bathroom but as soon as I did my need subsided drastically.

I shrugged and thought I would brush my teeth to get rid of that sugary pear juice lol, and as I ran the water my need came back, kind of what I was hoping. I started brushing my teeth when I felt the warmth spread on my upper thighs. I ran to the toilet still with toothpaste in my mouth and finished peeing.

I finished brushing my teeth and then cleaned my jeans a little after taking some pics. Then I got changed into pjs and a grey hoodie I got in Thorpe park lol!

Thanks for reading!

Here's some pics :)

*002*2015-10-01 19:08

{{: 

Good effort, as always! Thanks for sharing again. This distraction at the computer is definitely to be encouraged, but your housemate needs to get better at going into the bathroom just before you finally give in!

}}

Oh you want me to give in! Although I did leave my jeans on the chair to dry after cleaning them up and it was pretty obvious what had occurred, and she was looking in my room. Oops :/ I wasn't distracted I just didn't want to get up, so I am regaining my once envied abilities lol

*004*2015-10-01 22:03

{{: 

Loving your recent updates and thanks for sharing the pictures.

Has your housemate mentioned anything about your "accidents" yet?

}}

She has somehow not said anything!

*006*2015-10-02 12:17

{{: 

Once again, brilliant description and photos. You're an inspiration. I'm peeing my pants now. :-)

}}

Thank you wetset

Lol, Thank you, have fun

*008*2015-10-02 17:38

{{: 

Another nice description of desperation, I am loving your updates :)

}}

Wow thank you so so much! I feel slightly starstruck

*011*2015-10-02 20:40

{{: 

O why starstruck?

}}

Everyone knows you're amazing hehe :)

*014*2015-10-03 13:18

{{: 

Lovely wet jeans! I bet you had fun emptying your bladder!

}}

Thank you!

It was kind of fun actually muaagagag

*016*2015-10-13 22:53

{{: 

I love reading your storys hope there are more to come!

}}

There should be! i've been a bit busy recently but I miss it here haha

