Locked in a room

Author: relddot

*000*2013-09-28 11:43

I have some wetting incidents from my childhood. I have shared one of them and here is another.

I had a sleepover at church with the youth group. I was nine I think. Everyone there was older than me and I was very shy back then but I had a nice time. After a night of playing games it was time for bed.

When I was younger I always had to rush to the bathroom in the mornings and that morning was just the same. I woke up and saw that everyone else was sleeping. I really had to go to the bathroom but didn't want to risk drawing any attention to myself in case someone else was awake so I tried to go back to sleep again. I stayed in my sleeping bag for a while but soon I got too desperate.

I got up and sneaked across the room and carefully tried to open the door but to my horror it seemed locked! I tried again harder but it still wouldn't open. I went back to my sleeping bag now more desperate than ever. I really had to pee. I felt a strong pressure pushing from my bladder and I jumped up and rushed to the door again not caring if anyone would wake up, but I still couldn't open it. I went back to my sleeping bag and I then I couldn't hold it anymore. I remember how sudden it was. I just started peeing myself uncontrollably, soaking my pajama pant and the sleeping mat.

Luckily everyone was still asleep. I had a towel and I dried it up the best I could. I changed into my pants inside my sleeping bag and after that I was so exhausted that I fell asleep again.

No one found out, but someone asked me why I was already wearing pants when I woke up the second time. I don’t remember what I answered. Or I guess one person found out. I forgot about my wet clothes when I came home and when my mom unpacked my bag she found them and asked me why they were wet. I told her that I had wet them during a game the night before. She smelled them and then picked up my underwear and said “Why are these wet too?” and I knew she knew.

