Cutie Scared at a Haunted House

Author: AlwaysAfraid

*000*2012-11-24 23:05

Ok, you all will learn more and more how much I love fear wettings. So I figured I might as well share a story of my own from my past. Ok.

We were in freshman year of high school and we went to a local haunted house that is notoriously scary. On the way there we rode in my gf-of-the-time's old van to fit all of our friends. All in all there were eight members of our group. The males were composed of two of my best buddies and myself, and then there was my gf of the time, and her four good friends. Even on the way there my gf and her friends discussed in detail how many times they'd peed before they left and that one of them, either my gf or her best friend (i can't remember which) actually wore three pads to protect herself in case she got so afraid she couldn't hold it in.

As se got closer, the girls exclaimed how they were getting nervous and that they were disappointed at the ratio of guys to girls because each of them wanted a boy to hold on to as they made their way through the haunted house. The guys all acted braver than usual, saying it wouldnt be scary and that the girls were wimps for being nervous already. At this time, my gf tried to call me out and say she didn't believe I was as brave as I seemed and that she'd bet all the money she had that I'd end up getting so scared Id wet my pants in front of her. I called her on her bluff and took her bet saying she'd be the one with soaked pants tonight. She laughed and said

"No that's my sister! Last year she came here and got so scared she wet her pants all the way down to her ankles and almost passed out! That's how I learned about how scary this place is!"

We all said we knew it could happen, and that we felt bad for her. I personally knew her older sister and as a smoking blonde with large C-cup boobs and a toned body from playing four years of soccer, I knew I had missed out on not seeing her sisters "unfortunate accident." Regardless, I was incredibly turned on by my gfs story and I figured I'd definitely settle for the sight of my more-than-adequately-cute gfs light jeans getting soaked from fear. I didn't have much time for imagination though, because as my fantasies started, we had arrived at the site of the haunted house and parked the van.

As we got out, we noticed the large line, but also the pace at which it was moving. Occasionally a frightened woman would be heard running from the exit of the house on the far side, screaming while a faux pa chainsaw "killer" pursued her. We bought our tickets and continued on. As we did, two of my gfs friends commented on how they should not have drank any water during the trip to the haunted house. But we shushed them saying it'd be all over soon and they could use the bathroom. However, with less than twenty people to go in line outside the entrance, a technical error concurred inside the house and a manager came over the loudspeakers announcing the delay.

"sorry scare-seekers, we are currently in a delay due to a technical problem occurring within a few rooms of your favorite haunted house!" More announcements were made and a few trivial shameless andering schemes were thrown at the audience.

I heard my gfs friends groan at the announcement, saying that they were about to ditch the group and go search for a porta potty before we entered the house or else they'd wet their pants. I immediately butted in and, with my smooth cunning, assured them that decision would be a poor one seeing as how our group was only 15 or so people from the entrance and another error could occur again after their potty break.

The friends agreed and decided to stay. I had convinced them. However both began to fidget as the line began to progress again. I had scored a double hit-they had agreed to stay AND might pee themselves inside the haunted house. We crept closer.

Eventually, our time had come. We were at the threshold of the house and my gfs friends were bursting to go. One of them stood with one hand jammed in her crotch and the other grabbing onto the sweatshirt of my male friend. The other desperate girl was complaining that she didn't know if she could make it and that she desperately regretted not going. She then shared that she secretly was easily afraid and didn't like haunted houses and asked my gf if they still had to go.

"of course we are going, Samantha, we already waited in this whole line! In not getting out just to sit with you and regret not going in and enjoying the one thing we had planned for this evening!"

Her friend Samantha gave her puppy dog eyes and said "But im afraid I am going to pee my pants. Don't you have to go, Amy?"

"Of course I do," my gf replied. "but I'm waiting it out 'til the end and we are going in. Look, we are entering now, just come on Sam."

Reluctantly, her friend agreed to follow.

As we entered the house, red light and mist poured from every wall. We proceeded to the next room, stopped by a few occasional precursor light-scares.

In the second room, a blue room with incandescent yellow light, our resilience began to crumble. A clown appeared in the corner of the room and my gf screamed for her life and grabbed me saying "Oh babe I'm so scared of clowns! They are my one and only true fear!"

I asked her how much she was afraid of them and without hesitation she replied "If the conditions were right, I think I'd pee my pants."

Trying to play it cool, but wanting to know more, I asked "how bad do you think you would pee if those conditions happened?"

She looked at me, but decided I was harmless and said "Idk, I'd have to see, your pants catch most of the pee but I think I'd still be wet down my legs." Then, seeing my surprised expression, she said "Seriously." What she didn't know was that I wasn't surprised that she'd shared that with me, i was surprised and thrilled!

Nonetheless, I didn't get to see a wetting out of her, though she remained convinced that she could imaginea situation in which I would pee myself out of fear. However, this is not to say that my night was completely wasted. Her desperate friend proved to be a much easier scare than she.

As we moved toward a room with green light, we crawled through a herse with bodies that pipped up at us lx and another car that busted through a wall next to us and blared its horn. On both occasions, my gfs friend Sam was beginning to lose her composure and cried that she was scared and wanted to leave. We forced her on out of group amusement and proceeded to the last room, which was entirely dark. At this point, even I was afraid, and I was notoriously good about composing myself and being hard to frighten. However, I didn't show my fear. It didn't matter. The groups attention was on Sam, who was whimpering and her silhouette was visibly shaking in the middle of the room. We backed off and let her proceed on her own through the room, to see what she would do. She noticed how she had become alone and now whispered shakily for help from the group

"G G Guys? Where Ar Ar Are you?" She asked, frightened.

No one said a word. Without warning, a large man, well over 6 feet touched my shoulder and held a finger to his lips to be quiet. I nodded and watched the scene unfold.

He proceeded into position with a fellow scare-buddy and as Sam walked toward the corner of the room, they exploded through a canvas wall with one of them blasting a fog horn and the other revving his chainsaw. Sam, absolutely terrified, had no where to go. She backed into the corner and screamed bloody murder.

"Please help me. Oh god don't hurt me turn those things off!" She was crying, and at this point a shocked expression came over her face and she looked down at her visibly shaking legs. The group followed her gaze until all eyes rested on an expanding dark patch running down the insides of her legs and beginning to form a very small puddle near her left shoe. We couldn't see the puddle until she moved since the light of the room was not bright enough to illuminate the entire scene, but almost everyone noticed the expanding liquid stain that travelled down her thighs and calves as she screamed and shook with fear. 

Instantly, she bolted from the room in fear and embarrassment. My gf and her friends tore off after her and comforted her the entire ride back. Later, when my gf asked me why I brought up the subject of her pants-wetting fright of clowns in greater detail, I admitted to her that I was turned on by the idea and would have liked to have seen her do it. She didn't seem disgusted, but rather said, "Yeah I have some friends with weird interests like that. Does that mean that you enjoyed it when Sam wet her pants at the haunted house?"

"Maybe" I said with a sly grin.

"Babe!" She said, punching me in the arm. She looked as if she disapproved, but only to the intent of defending her friend, not out of disgust for my fetish.

Since then, she is the only one that knows of my fetish openly, and I have talked with her about wetting situations, both from fear and desperation. Sadly, we broke up a few years back, though but our bond is instant when we are together because of how much we know of each others personal lives (she shared her fetishes with me as well).

Later I'll describe some of the conversations I've had with my female friends about pants wetting.

Also so so sorry about the length of this post. Hope you all enjoy it that read it.

