Wet myself at school 1

Author: Lukhas

*000*2014-08-27 11:52

It happend when I was in fourth class- age around ten years. I was shy as kid and I liked to go to the restrooms if only I was alone there and nobody else. I used either start of the break or end of the break to go to the restrooms. This day I came to class as usually. First lesson ended little bit later and other classes had already break so I was shy to go. Before second lesson came teacher one minute before bell. So I was again shy to go. I know that is hard to understand but I was really shy. In the second lesson I needed to go very badly. I tok look to my watches but it was 30 minutes to next brake.

After 10 minutes I started to leak. I tok my hand to my crotch and try to press my penis. It helped only for some few minutes but after I could not hold it more. Pain in my penis was strong and I started to leak again. I started to cry because I knew that it happened, there was no way out. I started to wet myself in the middle of the class when I was ten years old. Ther was nobody of my classmates who wet themself in the first, second or third class, first was I in the fourth class. My urine run to my crotch, to my underpants, through my jeans to my chair and after some seconds dribblet to the floor. I tried to do not cry but I did not manage it. Teacher came to my desk and asked:

Why did you not ask to go to the retrooms?

Ehh... I did not disturb your lesson.... and I cried again

Honey it is OK to ask in emergency cases. It was emergency am I right?

Yes, I am so sorry....

It was emergency because you wet yourself.

Can I go to the restrooms now?

Yes off course if is necessary.

Yes, it is.

And I went to the restrooms but now it was not necessary. Humiliating moment in my life!

*002*2014-09-02 13:15

{{ 

I'm sorry that happened to you in class :( , but i must say, i like the picture ;D

}}

Picture is of course from later time :-)

It was humiliating when I peed in my clothes right in the middle of classroom, but I must admit that I liked it :-)

*006*2014-09-07 13:20

Yes, it is shameful because next days you must meet the same classmates. And there is not so much possible to hide it. I spent rest of school day in my gym clothes but next day I got other jeans- I thinked that I did not say something about my peeing in my jeans, but there was yellow stain in my jeans and my mommy must put them to laundry. And some classmates asked me next day- why do you have a new jeans :-)

But it was more humiliating to pee in my jeans during the school trip in year 9 when I was 14,5 years old

*008*2014-09-07 14:18

I was teased only next to-three days and not so much. At that time we was around 9-10 years old and kids have really short memories as you wrote.

But next time when I had accident 14,5 years old, so I was teased more and for longer time. Not hard but sometimes when we was in school trip and when we went around bathooms some classmates said to me: Lukas, do you need? :-)

*010*2014-09-08 10:40

{{ 

That sounds like a very embarrassing story. How did it happen when you were 14.5 years old on the trip?

}}

I will write story about it but probably on Wednesday. Today and tomorrow I must work little bit more :-)

