Examination wetting

Author: leoleo123

*000*2011-07-26 13:58

The lad in question who I shall call John was in the same year as me at a boarding school in the UK and the year was 1988. He was a small but friendly lad if a little snobby (aren't they all!!?). I shared a room with him the following year (more of that later). The exam I belive was maths and was 2 hours long.

We were sat in rows on the plastic chairs, and I was not very far from John. About halfway through the exam I noticed him wriggling in his chair a bit but took no notice. Half an hour later he was glancing from the clock to his crotch back and forth with some obvious discomfort and I thought whats the problem. I could see a look of desperation in his eyes, something I recognised having pissed myself a few times in private some months previously and then continuing to do so.

15 minutes from the end and I was finished and it looked like he was about to lose the battle. It later transpired that he thought that there was a rule that said leave for the toilet and you are disqualified, so he must have thought, fuck it!!

Wearing black trousers and a white shirt, he just let go I guessed. The first I really knew of it apart from the slightly pleasured expression on his face was when some drops of urine fell off the chair. When they did he shuffled in his seat a bit so that the rest would congregate in a puddle at the back under the hold these seats had in the backrest.

Ten minutes later and the clock ticked the end of the exam. The teachers collected our written answers whilst John looked nervously around him. Some of the boys were looking at the floor under his seat and trying to make their adjacent friends notice too. I was looking at him, he seemed to be nervous about the walk from the exam room to the dormitory, knowing that he would have a damp patch to say the least. We were dismissed and we all got up. As John got up there was quite a puddle on his seat, yellow and smelt had I been nearer I am sure. He turned to me (we were quite good mates) and said something trivial about the exam. I thought the poor guy is worried about the consequences so if I have any decency in me, the least I can do is help him out here. Back to the dorm we walked, me trying to see how damp he was (very) and also trying to steer him clear of any staff and any of the bullies, and mostly suceeding apart from one guy who shouted out

"Oi, MacKenzie, had an accident??"

He looked very sheepish but we just kept walking and I think he knew then that I knew what had happened but was not judging him negatively for it.

When we got to dorm, fortunately no others were about so he changed out of his wet clothing and went for a shower. While he did I checked his soaking wet YFronts and black trousers - it had been a full wee accident!

As far as I know the teachers never mentioned it to him even though there was a seating plan from which they could have worked it out, but he was bullied a bit in a verbal rather than physical way and at times forced to pretend he hadn't wet himself rather than open Pandora's Box by saying he had!! One strange thing was that another relatively respected cool lad actually claimed he had done it as a final act of rebellion before leaving - let's guess what he is into now!!!!

And the future - well, let's just say I became a fully fledged wetter and still am now when given the chance. John went on to attempt medicine but wasn't quite intelligent enough and as for the wet chair - well may still be somewhere with all the sodden mattresses that there were at that school!

