Ultrasound

Author: Jenny

*000*2011-11-11 19:23

Last year Julie (my wife) had a kidney stone. We had been to the doctor and had organised for her to get an ultrasound of her kidneys. The earliest we could get in was the next morning and they told us to make sure she had drunk a heap of water one hour before the appointment.

The next morning rocked around. The appointment was for 10am and so she started drinking just before 9. It was a 20 minute drive to the x-ray place, so we planned to leave about 9.30am. Julie was not one for being able to avoid the toilet for very long, so she was a bid worried in case they were running late. She got dressed in a nice lose fitting cotton dress. It followed her outline beautifully, but not to tight to reveal her underpants line.

At 9.25 am she was starting to fidget and you could tell she needed the toilet. I told her it was only another ½ hour and she can have the ultrasound and then go to the toilet. As we went to the car she was already starting to hold herself/ Her hand was starting to push into her crouch. As I was driving down the road she started o lift her dress up and place her hands directly on her underpants. She told me she didn’t know how much longer she could hold, but said she doubted she would be able to last. It was hard for me to concentrate in the traffic. I had a large bulge in my pants. Julie’s underpants were in plane view of me in the car. They were very nice I must say. They were light yellow with pink polka dots on them. I thought she was going to burst any minute now by the look on her face.

At 9.45am we arrived at the x-ray clinic. We had to park around the corner, so it was about a five minute walk. Julie was not only hoping they were not running late, but that she could get the clinic with having a major accident. She got out of the car holding herself not caring about what other thought as they drove and walked by. She was truly desperate now. She only went about ten steps and then a small trickle started. She just said “Oh No!”. She just froze and the pee flowed stronger and stronger. She just looked at me and the big puddle under her and told me to take her home – NOW!. As we walked back to the car the pee kept falling from under her dress. She peed all the way back to the car.. We had a beach towel in the boot so I got it out and placed it on her seat. As she hopped in I could see the soaked underpants. They were a beautiful thing to see. She was so hot I nearly peed myself there also, but alas, that is another story.

When we got home we made an appointment for her later in the day, but she made it this time. No went pants for that visit.

*003*2011-11-13 01:15

{{ 

Correct me if i'm wrong but isn't one of the symptoms of a kidney stone blood in the urine? knowing that takes away from the appeal of the story to me...but that's just me i guess.

}}

It was ok. The pee was a normal colour. No blood showing at all. It ended up being a minor stoe she was able tp pass, but the accident in her pants was a real turn on.

