An accident my ex had

Author: Jodan

*000*2013-05-01 06:33

SIDE NOTE TO MODERATORS: I pulled a dummy move and posted this first to the video board. My slip up. Sorry about that. I cannot find a way to delete or move it though...

I said before that I had only seen one accidental wetting and a few deliberate wettings in my life. I would like to rephrase that for the record; I have seen only one accidental wetting with my own eyes that really excited me. I have had other experiences when I was young where some younger kid would wet. I'd take notice, but it didn't excite me because of their age. A couple of those stories might be worth telling later on, but for now I'll tell a story about my ex. She actually called me and told me about this over the phone immediately after it happened because she knew about my fetish. She only once ever intentionally indulged my interests though, and that was in person, but she would tell me in detail if she or one of her friends had an accident because she liked the response it got.

For the record, she is Hispanic mix, about 5'6" with dark straight hair. She was pretty athletic, but had just enough weight on her to make her butt and breasts fill out wonderfully. She was always concerned thinking she was fat, but really she was just about perfect. Beyond that, she was an absolute angel that I still wish I had not lost to this day. WAY out of my league. For obvious reasons, I've left her name out of the story.

Alright, here goes again...

She was 18 at the time and finishing out her last year of school before starting college the following year. She always had this thing about using the toilets at her school. She wouldn't use them unless she absolutely had to. She said that they weren't filthy or anything, but she just didn't feel comfortable going at school if it wasn't absolutely necessary. This resulted in a lot of close calls and little leaks, which I was lucky enough to hear about on several occasions.

On this day she had needed to go particularly bad when she got out of school. She told me she was wearing tight blue jeans and a green snug fitting t-shirt. She walked a block or two to the place where she usually caught the bus. The bus was either late or early, because it never showed up. She stood there for around 10 minutes, wanting to squirm but not able to because she was in public, feeling her need get worse and worse. When a bus finally did arrive, its wasn't the one she needed. She really had to pee now and said she was beginning to worry that she might not make it. It was a couple miles to her house, so she figured screw the bus and started toward home on foot.

She told me that at that point she was pretty certain that she wouldn't be able to make it home on foot without losing it, but she didn't want to stay there at the bus station and potentially lose it there either. So she started off running toward home, but after just a little way she had to stop running or she would pee. So she started "high speed walk waddling," as she put it. A couple times on the way she said that she had to stop and cross her legs and pee dance in order to hold it.

When she rounded the corner of the block she lived on she said her need seemed to double. A wave of pressure came over her and she grabbed herself while crossing her legs again, but it wasn't quite enough and she felt the first spurt of pee go into her panties. She panicked and started "hobble running" toward her apartment building. When she was passing through to lobby on the ground floor headed toward the elevator, she squirted again into her panties and she said she could feel that they were starting to get pretty soaked now. She checked for damage on her jeans in the elevator but saw none yet. She was thankful for that much.

When she reached her floor and exited the elevator she said she felt another wave of pressure and had to stop again to do the cross legged crotch grab. Despite her best efforts, she felt another, this time longer, spurt of pee go into her panties. She said she could feel it was warm and could feel it saturate the crotch of her panties and around what she called the lower apple of her butt before she could get herself back under control. She could feel that her jeans were slightly damp in the crotch. She got to her door and had to bang on it for a bit until her mom opened it for her. She ran past her mom toward the bathroom only to find that her dad was in there.

So she stood outside the bathroom door crossing her legs and holding herself, squirming around like crazy. She knocked on the door and told her dad to hurry up because she really needed to pee. He said he'd be out as soon as he could. She told him to please hurry and went back to doing the pee dance, still losing little squirts into her pants here and there. Then she said she felt a wave of pressure coming on that she knew she couldn't hold back. She pleaded once more for her father to hurry. And he told her he was going as fast as he can, she should calm down. She told him, "No seriously Dad. I'm not kidding, I'm about to pee myself."

She said he responded with something along the lines of, "You'll be fine, you're not gonna pee yourself. Come on." But she said she didn't hear it all because she was in the process of trying to hold back this latest wave of pressure. She felt another spurt wet and rewarm the crotch of her panties, then another. Then another. Then she just lost it. She told me how she felt panic at the realization that she was actually wetting herself. She felt the warm wet sensation as her pee flooded her jeans and leaked through her fingers. She felt it start in the crotch of her pants, spread over her lap and back up along her butt crack and along the bottom of her butt cheeks, then down her legs. 

She told me she didn't know why, since the damage was already done, but she still stood there holding her crotch with both hands and her legs crossed trying to stop peeing even once she was totally soaked. She told me she still couldn't stop and described how her jeans were glistening and pee was pouring through her clasped hands. When she was finished wetting her jeans she was standing in a massive puddle with soaked jeans and wet hands. She told me, "The whole bottom half of my ass was wet, the front of my jeans, my legs... my hands! Soaked."

Her dad came out and found her in this state. She said he laughed about it and never really made a big deal out of it.

She ended this account with, "So... yeah... I had an accident. And everybody knew."

How I wish I had been there.

*003*2013-05-01 16:16

Thanks for the comments. I'm glad you enjoyed it. Really, thanks be to my ex for telling me all the details. What a catch she was... Ah mistakes... Give 'em a hand, aren't they grand?

