A history of accidents

Author: QuakingFaith

*000*2013-08-17 07:39

Hi my name is Faith

My name isn't really Faith but it isn't all that different and it will do. I'm more into stories about guys wetting than girls, though those are pretty interesting as well. In real life (and the internet) I've seen or heard a lot more stories of girls being desperate or wetting than guys. None of my ex-boyfriends nor my husband (Tom) have ever wet themselves as adults which I find so disappointing.

I'm 28 years old and have long, slightly wavy, brown hair. I'm 5'3" and 58kg (128 pounds) which is heavier than I've been in a few years and I hate it. I have blue-grey eyes which I like and crooked teeth I don't because I didn't want to get braces as a teenager. I'd normally not smile with my teeth so no one knows that but this is the internet and I can be honest with strangers.

Today I'm going to tell you about the times I've accidently wet myself. I much prefer to deliberately wet myself when I'm alone because I really hate being embarrassed but I love the idea of my husband accidently wetting himself (maybe one day!) and I wouldn't let him feel embarrassed at all.

The first time I remember wetting my pants was in pre-school. It was lunch time and we were all sitting in a circle eating. I was eating a ham sandwich, and I remember because I didn't eat ham again for 15 years. The whole experience was pretty traumatic. I've always been super afraid to ask people for things, I guess it's some kind of anxiety disorder but I just try and avoid ever having to ask for anything rather than get it treated, so I was too scared to ask the "teacher" (child minder) if I could go to the bathroom during eating time. I couldn't hold it either though so I peed in my jeans, I've never worn jeans since. The other kids teased me a fair bit about it. So traumatic.

The next year in kindergarten I managed to get trapped in the toilet stall at school. The lock broke, it totally wasn't my fault in any way but the school had to call a local handyman to come and rescue me. By that time the entire school had gathered outside the toilet block to see my dramatic emergence. That was also pretty traumatic and since then I've tried to avoid using toilets that aren't my own wherever possible, even if I don't have to ask.

Thinking back it is kind of a small miracle I didn't have more accidents as a kid. It's a pretty risky combination not asking for the toilet or using public toilets and the amount of times I would hold it until I was starting to leak and was about 5 minutes away from completely wetting myself before I'd ask for the toilet was pretty massive. But people always said yes straight away, and a toilet was always nearby enough to make it more or less in time.

Until Year Four anyway, I would have been 9. I remember I was already busting for the toilet at lunchtime but I wanted to try and hang on until we went back to class so that I could be the only one in the bathroom when I went (I'm so neurotic :p). So I spent most of lunch walking around and just holding on. But when we went in for the afternoon session of class I got a terrible surprise. Our regular teacher must have had some kind of a course or something to do and a fairly regular substitute teacher, Miss Kern, who was a total bitch, was taking us for the afternoon.

Miss Kern had a well founded reputation for never letting kids go to the bathroom and telling them that they should have gone during the break. Earlier that term Sally Summers, who was also a total bitch and never anything but mean to me, had wet her pants in class when Miss Kern hadn't let her go to the toilet. At the time I was both hopelessly envious of Sally for getting to wet herself and desperately relieved that it hadn't been me who did. So weird.

The afternoon session was about 90 minutes long and I knew there was absolutely no way I was going to be able to wait even 20 minutes. Honestly I'd barely made it through lunch without wetting myself on the playground. But I really, really, didn't want to wet myself in class so I wriggled about and held on as long as I could. After maybe 15 minutes, it wasn't long, I started to leak and I almost just gave up and went in my chair like Sally had. But I decided that I didn't want people to ask me "Why didn't you ask to go to the toilet?" and imply that Miss Kern would have let me, much better to have be able to say "I tried and she said "no"". So I went up to the teachers desk and asked if I could go, fully prepared to sit back down and immediately let it go. There was absolutely no chance I could wait until home time. But to my absolute surprise she said yes.

I almost raced out of the classroom and to the toilet next door only to find, to my horror, that there was a sign up saying it was closed for cleaning. The other toilet was on the other side of the school so I hurried as fast as I could. I didn't make it. I almost did, it was only about 5 metres away when my bladder had just finally had too much and I burst. In a display of quick thinking I'm still proud of I stepped of the path and onto the grass as the pee raced down my legs. If I'd left a puddle anywhere then there might have been a search for the "kid who wet themselves". After I was finished, terrified the whole time that someone might walk out and see me, I went into the toilet and dried myself as best I could with the super cheap waxy toilet paper.

As I walked back into class I was sure that someone would see that my socks were wet or something and I'd be exposed, but no one did, and by the time school finished for the day I was pretty much dry. I don't think anyone ever found out about that.

I didn't really learn my lesson, I still kept holding it until I was on the brink of an accident rather than ask for the toilet or use a toilet I wasn't comfortable with until I was in my teens.

The next time I wet myself though I think was just really unlucky circumstances and that it could have reasonably happened to anyone.

I was in Year Ten at high school, I would have been 16. I had needed to pee all afternoon but being me had not wanted to use the school toilets unless I really had to. By the end of the day I had to go pretty badly but my bus ride home usually left only a couple of minutes after the end of class and I didn't want to risk missing it because it was a school special and I had no way of getting home if I missed the bus.

Had the bus arrived on time like it did almost always I'd have arrived home about 25 minutes after the end of class and have made it easily. It wouldn't have even been a close call.

But the bus did not arrive on time. It was late. Very late.

The problem was that the school toilets weren't actually near the bus stop at all. If I left the bus stop to go pee it would take maybe 10 minutes to complete the round trip (go to the toilet, pee, get back). In that time the bus could easily have come and gone. So I had to wait and hold it. An hour later I was absolutely desperate. I was on the brink of racing to the toilet and praying that the bus didn't come whilst I was gone when at last the bus decided to show up.

It wasn't until I sat down that I fully realized what a parlous situation I'd got myself in. Whilst I was waiting for the bus I could pace around and look concerned and everyone would think I was just stressing because the bus was late, but now I was sitting on the bus I would be socially obliged to sit still.

The bus only took about 20 minute to get home but I was already aware that there was a pretty strong possibility I wasn't going to make it. I crossed my legs and looked out the window trying to think about anything other than my bursting bladder or how badly I'd get teasing for wetting my pants on the bus in Year Ten.

There is a hill halfway between my old high school and my parent's house that the 813 bus always tears down and then jolts as it reaches that bottom. The kids like it because it bounces you around in your seat. There was a, probably apocryphal, story about how Jeremy Cappadocia once hit his head on the roof of the bus one particularly bouncy day. What I'm trying to say is it is a pretty big jolt and I'd done such a good job of daydreaming that I didn't realize that it was coming up. The shock of the jolt caused me to wet myself quite a bit.

I managed to stop peeing but was worryingly wet. I thought about just getting off at the next stop. It would be maybe a 20 minute walk home from there and I'd pee myself for certain before I made it halfway but at least no one from school would be likely to see it. But part of me didn't want to just give up like that, if I just sat tight and clenched my muscles the bus would take me to within two minutes of my front door. I might just make it.

So that's what I did. I bit my lip, sat perfectly still, looked out the window into the distance, and died on the inside every time I couldn't help little dribbles of pee from leaking out of me each minute or two.

After an eternity the bus pulled into my stop and I stood up to get off the bus. I could feel my skirt clinging to the backs of my thighs. I didn't want to look down at where I'd been sitting because I dreaded that the seat would be obviously wet, but I couldn't not look and, unbelievably, there wasn't a mark on it.

I thought if anyone looked at my skirt they'd know that I was having an accident, although to my relief when I looked at my skirt when I got home I found that it was extremely forgiving of bladder indiscretions (dark blue tartan) and didn't really show at all. Maybe whoever designed them had me in mind. :p

The only other person who shares my bus stop was Katie McKay (rhymes with eye not hay) and even though we'd been in the same year since kindergarten and lived about 100 metres apart we'd never really spoken much, different social circles. We almost never walked home together, she's a quicker walked than me, longer legs, so I was hoping that today, particularly since we were late getting home she would hare off and leave me to struggle home with my leaky bladder.

But as soon as I stepped off of the bus I knew I wasn't going to make it home. About the best I could hope for was lasting until the bus pulled away and was out of sight. I hobbled over to the sign at the bus stop that lists all the times that other buses come so I would look like I was doing something if anyone looked back at me from the bus.

Katie is a better person than I am. She must have noticed I wasn't walking smoothly, or the strain on my face, or something, so instead of power walking home like she usually did she had stayed at the bus stop and asked me "Are you ok Faith? What are you doing?"

I couldn't hold it till I had fobbed her off. I couldn't hold it for literally another second. My bladder control just completely abandoned me, I gave up, I started absolutely gushing pee.

Close to tears I sobbed at her "I'm wetting my pants. Please, please don't tell anyone."

She stood there with me as I made an impressively large lake on the concrete next to the bus stop. And when the last of the drips had fallen from my hem, and my cheeks, she gave me a big hug me and whispered "I'll never tell a soul".

It was too good a piece of gossip not to share. I know that. And I know, to my shame, I wouldn't have waited even until school the next day to tell my friends how I'd just seen Katie McKay piss herself if our rolls had been reversed. We were teenagers and I couldn't blame her for telling.

But Katie is a better person than I am.

And she never told a soul.

The next time I wet my pants is a much shorter story.

When I was 18 and about to take the exams that mark the end of high school I woke up in the middle of the night absolutely desperate for the toilet. I didn't make it. I started peeing the moment my feet hit the floor and by the time I got to the toilet I was finished. I was wearing flannelette pajamas and they absorbed a fair bit of the pee. Luckily my parents have hardwood floor and I was able to towel it up without anyone knowing a thing.

I actually dash to the bathroom immediately upon waking quite a lot, I'm a really heavy sleeper, and little leaks aren't particularly infrequent.

I'm going to talk about bedwetting now even though it's out of sequence because in my head it's different to desperate wetting...

I never wet the bed between ages 3 and 23. Though I guess that pajama wetting when I was 18 was 30 seconds away from being one.

Since then, in the last 5 years, I've wet the bed three times. All when I've been really stressed at work. Once I was alone in bed and I "enjoyed myself" after I woke up. It was a good experience.

The next time my husband was in bed next to me and I woke him up. He was a bit cranky with me for disturbing his sleep and I felt really bad and embarrassed by it even though I badly wanted to have sex with him in the puddle I'd made. We didn't and I felt too upset to do anything myself in the shower after I'd stripped and remade the bed.

The last time I wet the bed I remembered how he'd annoyed with me he'd been so I just laid still and prayed he wouldn't roll over and get wet. Eventually, though it must have been hours, I dried enough to get back to sleep. I changed the bed after Tom went to work and I'm pretty sure he never had any idea.

Also I'm worried I'm making Tom sound like a bastard. He isn't at all, and if he knew I'd laid awake in my pee all night so as to not inconvenience him he would be horrified. I just didn't want to be a bother.

Once I went to university I started taking opportunities to have "accidents-on-purpose" where I would either allow myself to get so desperate that I start to leak even though I could easily go to the toilet or to go even further and deliberately put myself in positions where I have no choice but to wet myself. I've done that too many times to get into now. Some other day.

The last time that I wet myself when I didn't at all want to was right before I met Tom, I was still dating my previous boyfriend, who unbeknownst to me was about to run off with my best friend.

I was at a house party with the two of them and another friend of his. I'd had two glasses of wine over a few hours so I wasn't even tipsy but alcohol goes through me pretty bad and I really wanted the toilet but also really didn't want to ask where it was.

The funny thing is that if I had had enough wine to be tipsy I'd never have had this particular accident because when I'm a bit drunk I get over both my fear of asking for things, and my fear of unfamiliar toilets, so I always go whenever I need to (like a normal person). It's when I've a only a couple of drinks that it gets dicey.

Anyway I was trying to get up the nerve to ask someone where the toilet was when my best friend (who I haven't spoken to since she shacked up with my boyfriend) came up to me and said that we have to leave. She explained in the car that she'd had a fight with the host, an ex of hers. I have no idea why we went to that party.

It was about an hour's drive back to my place from the party and I was dying. I had to pee so, so bad. But it was my boyfriend's friend's car and I just couldn't have an accident in it. I'd never live it down. Side note, a few years earlier I vomited butterscotch schnapps down the inside of this exact car's door. Not the inside of the car. The inside of the door. Where the window goes down into. It was so bad. I still cringe thinking about that.

It was like the bus ride years earlier. I stopped talking, looked out the window, and hoped against hope that my ocean of pee wouldn't just suddenly come flooding out of me. I knew from "practice" that when I had to go this bad that it would sometimes just happen without me choosing to let go.

It was late at night and nowhere was open so even if I could force myself to ask this guy to stop for me there wasn't anywhere to stop.

If it was my car I'd have peed myself. If it was my boyfriend's car I'd have peed myself. If it was my best friend's car I'd have peed myself. I wouldn't have even nearly made it. I don't have any idea how I held it all the way to my house. I don't think I could do it again. But somehow as we pulled over out the front of the place I was living at the time I was unbelievably dry. I mumbled out my goodbyes and staggered up the path to the front door and my friends drove off. I'm pretty sure they thought I was mad at them.

I fumbled for my door key and leaked badly as I did. It hit me that whilst there was a chance I could get inside and get to the toilet without wetting myself I probably wouldn't make it and if I didn't then there was a pretty good chance my housemate would catch me peeing myself (the lights were on in the living room and you had to walk through it and up a fight of stairs to the toilet). So I stepped away from the door and onto the garden and just let it go down my legs. It felt so good. I was so desperate that night.

I took off and carried my sandals and wiped my feet of the door map before I let myself in. My housemate was indeed still watching TV and greeted me as I open the door. I'm sure he'd have said something if he'd notices the streaks on my legs or the wet patch on my dress that I was horrified to discover once I got upstairs.

All the "accidents" I've had since then have been at least a little bit on purpose. I've wet myself in front of Tom a few times in the forlorn hope that he will "want" me after I do. He just seems to find my accidents funny and I get embarrassed. So I take the opportunity to wet myself whenever he is our of town and restrict myself to little unnoticed leaks at other times.

He is in another state tonight, at a concert with his dad, and I have already wet myself once whilst writing this post. It was toward the end of the bus story, I went and sat on the toilet and wet through my knickers (I hate the word panties *shudder*), black hipsters. I'm still wearing them and sitting on a towel whilst I finish up here.

I'm definitely going to wet myself again later tonight.

Faith

*007*2013-08-19 23:31

Thanks everyone

The thing about Katie McKay and the bus story that's actually pretty sad was that I spent the next couple of years scared that she would decide to tell people, though I suspect if I'd ever thanked her for not telling she'd have been surprised that I'd been worried she might. After high school, when I went to university and parties with alcohol I actually ended up telling quite a lot of people the bus story (stripped down to "I once had to pee so bad on a bus that when I got off I wet myself") as a funny story about myself.

