Pee accident on an airplane - Page 2

Author: siegala

*026*2015-05-19 08:04

{{:

Sure... X3

I was on a 5 hour flight in the US, with my mom sitting next to me, and there were a few business people sitting around us (they obviously all knew each other). Anyway, I had drunk a LOT before my flight and also during it, so I was full... and I had to pee! My bladder actually hurt quite a bit (it was actually because I unknowingly had a UTI, lol, otherwise it would not have been bad at all). So I ask the guy next to us if I could get by him, but he says "Well, I'm not really comfortable with getting up while the 'fasten seat belt' sign is on..." Seriously. That's what he said. Nothing I could do about that, so I sat back down, and my mom asked me if I was ok, so I lied and said I was fine... 

I sat there for 30 minutes, my bladder so full, my clit pulsing with excitement (this happens every single time I have to pee... hehe), trying not to make it obvious that I'm horribly uncomfortable, until I just literally gave up. I told the guy "Sorry, I really have to go", climbed over him, and went into the bathroom, where I peed like a racehorse. It felt soooo good I almost drooled. I was so relieved XD Of course, due to my UTI, I had to pee again when we reached the airport, but by then I had toilets at my disposal.

}}

Sorry to hear you suffered from a UTI - that really sucks, I hope you have recovered well...?

The behaviour of the guy sitting next to you is actually brazen!! He is just a passenger, how can he even think about preventing you from getting up? It really makes me angry to hear something like that!! Unbelieveable!!

The rest of the incident is actually as hot as "delicate", so to speak. Did I get you right that you actually succeded in using the toilets while the "fasten seat belt sign" was on? In this case you were actually extremely lucky not to get into danger of risking the same fate as the poor girl whose experience I posted as intro to this thread. However, I don´t know whether flight attendants who may have threated you with being arrested at landing, if you don´t stay seated, may have kept you from using the toilet though (?).

But the real problem for you could have been something totally different: Some (not all) airlines actually close the toilets while the fasten seat belt sign is on (this can be done technically from the outside by the flight attendants). In that particular case ... well, first thing your clit will have continued to pulse with excitement a bit longer! ;-) But despite this, if I got you right HOW BAD you already had to pee, you were at least not sure if you could have made it til landing...?? What do you think? Anyway, a very, very hot story, thanks again for sharing!

*028*2015-05-21 07:36

{{:

I don't even want to think about having my bathroom visit delayed any longer... It was very painful already! I'm definitely not sure what would have happened. It wasn't like my bladder was very full, it was the UTI making me have to pee. So I'm not sure. Not planning to try to figure that out ;)

}}

I can totally understand you! The best of all that is the result - you not being humiliated and your UTI gone again! ;)

Btw, I also used to fly quite a lot and I experienced several times, when we were not allowed to get up. In that context I could also see the flight attendants locking the restrooms.

*031*2015-05-22 03:53

Well - that sounds a bit "unfair" towards the other passengers, don't you think? You definitely impressed them with your "bladder of steel"! ;-)

But would you have won this "competition" without a diaper...?

*033*2015-05-22 04:03

{{:

Likewise... Ive been lucky enough to have witnessed a few...and more so "close calls"....and have had a few myself when its a really BAD time to piss into my pants!!!! but still... its f***** HOT!!!

And since ive been their myself..... i know how it feels... It sucks!!! but so so so awesome!!!!

}}

Well, it always depends - if it is awesome to pee yourself, just enjoy it!

But if it sucks, as it may be a "bad time" to piss your pants, just don't do it! ;-)

*037*2015-05-23 12:10

{{:

I have some very similar fantasies. Like the idea of a holding contest resulting in the loser being humiliated and forced into diapers as punishment.

}}

On an airplane...???

*040*2015-05-30 09:09

Very interesting post about developping holding capabilties during puberty!

However, thinking of the entry post I made to this thread, during your first experience you were quite lucky that you finally didn´t get caught in a long "fasten seat belt sign" period with possibly closed toilets!

*042*2015-06-09 17:48

{{:

There is a story similar to this about a little girl, they refused to let a little girl use the restroom and apparently the mother demanded a refund of her JetBlue ticket.

}}

Thanks GlitterTux!!

I know about the in incident with the little girl on a JetBlue plane, it was on many media.

However, I didn't mention that, as I know about some other incidents, when kids peed themselves on planes, it's not at all unusual in fact. Sometimes, just one hour of a fasten seatbelt period might be too long for them...

But that this happened to a 28yo women (after hours and hours of being forced to hold it!!) really caught my attention!

*044*2015-06-13 03:16

{{:

It seems like an airplane is one of the few places you can have a real excuse to wet yourself in public where you sit. Obviously everything has to go just right, but it can happen there, and it's very rare anywhere else. Even on other enclosed spaces, there's almost always some other option.

}}

That's exactely what I always thought - in practically every other situation you have other options, but on a plane you are literally "trapped". Despite deliberate wettings, there must be a quite significant number of real desperation accidents on planes!

*046*2015-06-14 16:24

Hi joewing, that sounds that you were indeed lucky! Good idea with the tissues, wouldn't expect that this might really work absorbing enough pee!? May I ask, are you a guy or a girl (your Profile doesn't show).

*047*2015-06-16 19:07

On Thursday evening I am going to meet a friend of mine, who was a flight attendant for almost 10 years.

I will openly ask her how her Airline handled toilet emergencies and what she experienced in this very context!

Keep your fingers crossed that I will be able to come up here with some stories! ;-)

*049*2015-06-17 05:51

{{:

The story sounds very believable, I like that...

}}

The story is definitely genuine. And I like it too very much (otherwise I wouldn't have posted it! ;-)

But let's be honest - we don't know many details about her obviously long ordeal, but the poor girl must have literally gone thru hell...

