The Poor Things (2)

Author: weewillywinkie

*000*2014-04-24 09:01

THE POOR THINGS (Part 2)

On the way down the road to the car park, Barry announced loudly; “I can’t believe I just peed myself”, and we all burst out laughing. I was looking for a sign, from any one of the others, that they had been as excited by the experience of public wetting as I had been. Sarah’s cheeks were positively glowing, and I decided that when we were alone - apart from having wild sex while still wearing our pee-wet things – I’d ask her if she’d ever deliberately wet herself before.

Renate had been very quiet, but now she laughed out loud. “Sarah called me a poor thing, but we’re all poor things now” she said.

“We should call ourselves that, ‘The Poor Things’”, Matt suggested, and suddenly we all knew that our relationships with each other would be on a quite different footing from now onwards. Brian, who worked in a print shop, said he would get us all T-shirts with ‘The Poor Things’ printed on them. Someone said the words would have to be in yellow, and we all laughed.

Back at Barry’s car, we collected our beach blankets, towels and suncream together with some snacks the girls had made for us and a couple of big bottles of water. I was glad we had a lot of water with us. I already needed to pee again, and now I wanted to be able to pee myself a couple more times before our afternoon at the beach was over.

The sea was coming in, and there was quite a cool breeze blowing in off the sea, and we all agreed we’d stop in the dunes until the tide turned. We found a nice dip in the sand hills, a little sun-trap that was sheltered from the wind, though we could still catch a glimpse of the blue water beyond. We four blokes took our tops and shorts off, and the two girls stripped off their things to reveal their nice damp swimming costumes underneath. We all still had damp patches to show what we had done in the pub.

I noted that Sarah’s bikini bottoms were nearly dry, with only a little yellow staining. The sight made me start to harden, and, of course, she noticed straight away. Standing up, she held out her hand to life me from the ground. “Let’s go for a walk under the trees” she said sexily. As I stood, trying to hide the signs of my excitement in my trunks, Brian said: “I wonder where they’re going?” As we climbed over the rim of the sandy bowl where we had been sitting I glanced backwards, and saw that Matt and Barry were getting up to go off together too.

There was a nice little space, a tiny clearing amongst the trees that was not visible from any nearby path, that Sarah and I had discovered earlier that year. An inviting little patch of soft green grass covered the sand here and I collapsed down on my back, my erection tenting out the front of my trunks. Sarah knelt down beside me, then straddled my body, kneeling so that her fanny was just above and just out of reach of my straining cock. “I have the feeling”, she purred sexily as she bent over to stroke my nipples lightly with her lips, “that you rather like the idea of wetting your pants”.

This was the moment to tell her. I smiled and replied, “Yes I do Sarah, and I have the feeling that maybe you do too”.

Sarah lay down flat on my chest, and kissed me hard on the lips. “Do you think so Will?. Really? she said.

I was about to answer when I felt the gush of warm hot liquid on my stomach, moving down to my crotch as Sarah slowly slid her body downwards over me. It was sheer heaven, and I nearly came there and then in my trunks. She seemed to pee for ever, and I lay there feeling like the happiest, luckiest man in the world as she re-soaked her bikini bottoms.

Then I felt the weight lift as Sarah got up on to her knees, and then slid off me, now lying on the ground next to me, not touching me, but within touching distance. “Aaah, that was good, but I need more” she sighed as she parted her legs slightly. I needed no second bidding. In a trice I was astride her, my pee-sodden trunks against her perfectly flat stomach. I was desperate to pee, but I was also rock hard. Sarah understood my dilemma. “I want you to cum inside me, then afterwards, when you can, I want you to pee inside me” she murmured.

This was more than I had ever dared dream of. I remembered that I had promised myself we would have sex still wearing our wet things. My straining erection slipped easily out of the leg of my trunks, and I eased aside the gusset of Sarah’s bikini bottoms, exposing her lovely dark bush and her swollen labia. I was inside her in a flash, and despite all my efforts to maintain control, I was soon filling her with my cream whilst Sarah was squirming and gasping with delight below me.

As soon as I had come, the urge to pee returned with a vengeance, and my hardness started to subside slightly. “Are you sure?” I asked Sarah, “about me peeing inside you?”

“Just do it big boy”, she replied, “then maybe you’ll be ready to fuck me again”.

Normally I find it quite difficult to just ‘let go’ and pee myself unless I’m really desperate. However this time it was easy. I wasn’t as desperate as I have been in the past, and I made myself do it slowly, in little spurts that seemed to delight Sarah even more, until I was empty and she was lying in a pool of pee mixed with cum on the grass. Almost immediately I was rock hard again. My dick had slipped out of Sarah’s cunt, probably with the force of my pee, and it slipped comfortably back into the lovely warm place. This time we shagged each other slowly, Sarah’s bum squelching against the wet grass until we finished together, happy and exhausted - for the time being at least.

