First ever wetting experience

Author: incognitomode

*000*2014-06-28 09:29

So I'm a little shy, but tonight I had my first ever wetting experience, and I thought I'd share it with you all. I discovered omorashi and desperation wetting stuff a few months ago, and I immediately thought it was incredibly hot, but I never thought I would end up liking to do it myself. However, recently I've been thinking about it more and more, and I decided I'd give it a try.

The first time I tried was a few weeks ago. I drank a lot of water managed to hold it for about an hour before the discomfort of an over-full bladder got the better of me and I gave up.

However, tonight I finally resolved to hold it until I completely lost control. I drank about four tall glasses of water of the course of an hour or two. I was getting steadily more uncomfortable, and my bladder started aching at the end of the first hour. It didn't help that I kept having to get up and go refill my glass. Every time I got up I felt like I was going to burst. Eventually, towards the end of the second hour, I could feel something welling up inside me. I got up and ran to the bathroom, because I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer.

I brought the last half glass of water with me, and I stripped my clothes off and stood in the tub as I finished off the last of the water. I considered getting out to get some more, but as soon as I thought about it I got my first ever pang of serious desperation. I knew there was no way I was going to be able to get more water without wetting myself. So I stood in the tub and started fidgeting, shifting my weight from foot to foot, trying to hold it more.

And then things got really intense. I was getting more and more desperate, and I knew I was about to burst. But I kept trying to hold it in, trying not to let go. Eventually I couldn't even stand any more. I sank to my hands and knees, sitting in the tub, desperately trying to hold back the inevitable. I kept holding for maybe another five minutes, and by then my legs were shaking from the effort. All of my attention was focused on one sentence running on repeat through my brain. I'm not gonna pee. I'm not gonna pee. I'm not gonna pee, even as a few drops managed to leak out.

And then I totally lost control. I was trying as hard as I possibly could to hold it back, but I couldn't stop myself. I started gushing pee, and the feeling of overwhelming relief coupled with panic as I tried desperately to stop myself was incredible. After a second I managed to regain control of my body, but I knew that it was going to happen again. Again, I sat there on my hands and knees, my legs trembling, as I vainly tried to stop myself from wetting. And again I lost control. And this time I couldn't stop.

I emptied my bladder into the bathtub, and the feeling was more intense than anything I have ever experienced. I completely lost control of my body, and I loved it.

So uh.... Thanks for introducing me to this whole new world of pleasure... I'm sure I'll be posting on here again. I'm already looking forward to next time.

*002*2014-06-29 07:21

{{ 

Great story! Glad to hear that you've found that you like wetting yourself. Would you consider trying a wet with clothes on?

}}

I'm staying nude for a little longer, but I want to try wetting with boxers on at some point, and then depending on how well that goes, maybe with jeans on.

*005*2014-06-29 19:43

{{ 

Great job. Sounds like it was truly an enjoyable experience. :)

}}

Thanks, it really was.

