A total desperate accident

Author: kate93025

*000*2015-11-17 01:32

The familiar twinge of a filling bladder was prompting me to go to the bathroom and looking back, I probably should’ve listened. I had been sat at the computer for hours, mindlessly drinking cups of tea and trying to finish an essay in time for a deadline the following day. The bathroom was only a 30 second walk, and yet every time I told myself to go, a new idea popped into my head – and in my eyes they were not worth forgetting for the sake of a two minute bathroom break.

I looked at the time – two hours had passed since that first warning sign and I suddenly became very aware of how desperate I had become. One paragraph to go, I was sure I could hang on. However, as the minutes ticked by I found myself switching positions far too often, until the only viable position involved me sitting on my knees with one heel pushed into the crotch of my pink pyjama shorts. Fifteen minutes later and I was completely incapable of concentration – everything I came up with made little to no sense and whatever I did type was soon erased – much to the frustration of my aching bladder.

Finally I decided to make the trip to the bathroom, however what I had failed to take into account was the relief that sitting down had given my growing desperation. I suddenly became very panicked that I would have my first accident in years. As I yanked my knees out from underneath me, one of them got caught under the arm of the chair. With my legs wide open and without the safety of my heel to stop the impending flood, a thick jet of urine shot into the crotch of my panties. My hand shot in between my legs in an attempt to minimise the damage and thankfully it worked, for now. By this point it had dawned on me that this was not going to be as easy as I had first thought. After a lot of small and careful maneuvers I was finally sat in a normal sitting position – except for the fact that my thighs were glued together, one hand cradling my throbbing bladder and the other on hold incase of another disaster.

I knew there was nothing I could do but make a run for it, so I took a deep breath and threw myself in the direction of the bathroom. Sadly, my plan began to unravel just as the door was in sight. Another spurt of pee filled my damp knickers, this one longer and slightly more powerful. I froze and then proceeded to fall to my knees, stemming the flow and gritting my teeth as the pain of this effort coursed through my screaming bladder.

As I knelt hunched over on the carpet I could feel the threat of defeat slowly trickling through my fingers, darkening the crotch of my pyjamas. I looked down to see a few drops on the carpet below me – there was no way I could let go entirely in the middle of the hallway. I took a deep breath and began to crawl towards the bathroom, warm urine quietly dribbling down the inside of my thigh with each movement. When I reached the toilet I knew that I had a choice – stand up or make a complete mess on the carpet right there. A part of me knew at that point that I didn’t actually have a choice – but I was still holding out hope. The toilet was so close. I could do this.

I tried to stand up shakily, but the furthest I could go was basically no more than floor level. Doubled over, with both hands jammed into my soaking crotch I felt another spurt force itself out of me, then another and another. I began quietly sobbing at the sheer agony of holding this torrent of pee for another second. Luckily I didn’t have to worry for long, as before I could regain any kind of control a powerful stream of urine shot down my left leg, the force of which knocked my composure ever so slightly. It was time to give up, I knew it and yet I kept fighting.

My legs twisted, my body contorted, my hands gripped but I knew it was no good. Right in front of the toilet I began to flood my knickers, the warmth spread rapidly across my crotch and pee began to squirt down the legs of my shorts, saturating my socks and dripping onto the carpet. I gave a sigh of relief as I gave into my desperation, hot jets of urine sending shivers throughout my whole body as they gushed into my panties and spread to my backside. By the time I was finished, my clit throbbed against the warmth of my wet knickers – which quickly began to cool and send tingles throughout my aching genitals. I slumped to the ground and relaxed for a few minutes before wondering how on earth I was going to get rid of the evidence of my accident. Next time I will listen to that first prompt. Or then again, maybe not.

*007*2015-11-26 01:46

Thank you! I was quite nervous to post my first story so I'm glad the feedback has been positive so far!

