Tales of My Ex: Visiting Home

Author: Blackheart

*000*2013-07-19 09:49

Some of you may have read some of the stories I've written, such as this one

, about my ex. It is bittersweet that we're no longer together in the traditional sense, but I still love her, as she does me. This is another story from our time together. Note: This has open sexuality in it.

I grew up in a small college town south of where I live now (Portland). In a sense, it's the diet-coke version of this city: Same great taste, fewer people. After I moved, I would still visit from time to time to see family, friends, etc. I brought Zoey with me on one trip, and while I hadn't planned it, she had a few ideas of fun in mind. The night started off innocently enough: We hung out with some friends, then went to have dinner at our favorite restaurant from back home. A few drinks in, we're having a grand time, and she excuses herself to run to the restroom.

Nothing really matters of what I was doing up until the point she returned, when she said to me: "That's the last time I'm going to use the bathroom tonight."

I naturally have a fairly high sex drive, and this immediately kicked it up a notch. In a way, it colored the rest of our night with a certain level of debauchery. I loved it, and since then, I've loved nights like this - ones tinged with a certain level of naughtiness. Having finished our food and drinks, we paid up and left, heading further into the city. This town in particular has an interesting set of blocks known as the "Barmuda Triangle", where for about four square blocks it was bar after bar. And, in a way, it was nostalgia. This is my hometown. Despite being out of it for several years, it still felt familiar as its pavement passed below my feet.

We hit several different bars, got a drink at each, and at each one, I watched her. Though she wasn't into omorashi itself, this game was delicious for her in its own way: I am very dominant within the confines of this fetish, and watching this scene unfold made me almost predatory. The hunger in my eyes for her was her own drug. I stripped her clothes off within my mind, and she loved every second of it.

By the end of the second bar, she was squirming a little bit, restless and unable to keep still. As we walked, she whispered to me her need, teasing and taunting me. I resisted the urge to drag her into an alley and fool around with her right there. Only just so.

"I need to goooo..." She moaned at me, moving her legs in a fashion that enticed to no small degree.

"Well," I murmured to her, "There's no bathrooms here. You'll have to hold it until we get to the next bar."

"But I want to go nooow!" She briefly pushed her ass out toward me, and I surreptitiously squeezed it.

"I'm afraid you'll have to hold it as long as you can." She danced away from me and gave me a secret smile.

"What if I can't?"

With a certain devilish glee, I responded, "Well...Accidents happen."

The next bar was a perfect choice, all things considered. Crowded, loud, and full of drunk people entirely focused on their own forms of pleasure. The key to expressing your exhibitionism on the sly is to make the act very mundane. Or, at least, to make it appear so. We got our drinks, headed outside. Made small talk, whether about Rocky Horror or our friends, or life. And she drank.

Pretty soon, she was at her limit. "I don't think I can hold it anymore."

"Well, if we get up, we'll lose our seats..." I left the statement open.

She, of course, baited back. "Well what can I do?"

"I'm sure if you let a little out, it might help you hold the rest." The game was not about what was actually true, but rather a certain sort of corruption. I played the part of the devil's advocate, and she lived into it, relishing in this side of me. I moved my hand ever so slightly up her thigh. Hidden by the table, we were safe from nearby eyes.

She, in turn, opened her legs just a touch, to let my hand closer. I could feel the tension in her body, holding the liquid back. My hand came to rest just on her pussy, basking in its radiant heat. She moved her skirt out of the way slightly. I touched her, and she shuddered slightly.

I don't know if you've ever felt the electricity of anticipation. That feeling, right before the drug hits you, or you take the jump into the water. It's hot and cold at the same time, full of energy. Pregnant with possibility. It makes me feel alive.

That was the moment there, and her body turned to concentration. There was a risk involved here, of course. What if someone noticed? What if she couldn't stop? What if she came, right there? For the most part these thoughts were fantasy, but they added to the scene itself. And were obliterated when I first felt the first few droplets. She squirted, then spurted, and then a slow trickle escaped her lips.

It was an exercise for her. Her body ached to let go fully, but she couldn't. The result was a tenseness that I pushed against as I touched her, and her pee escaped. Surrounded by revelers, and only I had eyes for this scene. The most delicious part was that for a moment, I thought she might actually lose control. Pee suddenly hissed against my hand, and she suddenly had to clamp down, trying to cut off the flow. For a moment it didn't work, but as she jammed a hand into her crotch, she got control.

Looking up, she must've seen the hunger in my eyes. There would be no hiding it. "Lets go find a quiet place," she said, almost nervously, as if she didn't trust her body. I nodded, hypnotizes. With a practiced movement of escaping through crowds of drunk people, we disappeared into the night, down a few alleys, behind the main buildings. And then she grabbed my hand, and stopped me. "I can't hold it anymore!" she whispered, "I'm going to have an accident!"

Before I could even react, she spread her legs slightly, and a golden waterfall began to cascade between her legs. She wasn't wearing panties, but the combined desperation and debaucherous public space made the scene intensely erotic. I couldn't help but touch her as she peed, my hand soaked in her liquid.

And all of a sudden headlights in the distance illuminated her stream, making it glow against her. She, lost in the relief and sensuality, didn't notice at first, and I had to draw her off. "Hurry, someone's coming!" She managed to stop again, and we fled.

Fast forward five minutes, and we're just inside a public park. Deserted and alone, I spin her around and press my lips against hers, kissing her deeply. She ravages my shoulders and face, and then turns around, presenting her beautiful ass to me. "You know, you stopped me before I finished...I still really have to go." With that, she pushed and let go again, releasing another stream, hissing slightly as it escaped her pussy.

In a decision that I was neither fully conscious for nor thinking through, I had unzipped, and found myself sliding my cock into her before she had even finished. There was a murmur of surprise that then turned into a groan. I felt her press into me, lost in the moment as well. It was only a short moment, but an eternity nonetheless, before she came in a gasp, grasping me and digging her claws into me. I in turn lasted long enough to trigger her again, before coming myself. She clamped my hand over her mouth so she wouldn't scream.

When the world came back into focus, we found ourselves still alone (Thankfully). I sacrificed my hoodie to the cause of cleaning her legs, and we frolicked back to the car, arm in arm. It's a night burned into my memory, and I'm glad to have lived it, as much as I am now to share it.

