Small desperation sighting on christmas market

Author: Tibarary

*000*2016-01-05 10:58

I like to tell you about a small desperation sighting I had last month.

I was standing together with a small group of people on a Christmas market last month, always a good place to look for desperate girls. We talked about several things and had some mulled wine. While standing there I witnessed a teenage girl with her parents heading to the two positioned porta pottys (called "dixies" in germany) on the side of the town hall. It was obvious that the girl needed to pee, but was disappointed about the porta pottys.

She was wearing a jeans and a waist-high winter jacket. There were no other people there but she didn’t use one of the pottys right after they reached it, instead she looked around and I’m sure she checked the area for another place to pee.

The pottys were beside the market in a quiet road and a few meters further, you could go around the edge of the building and reach the back side with a small but from the public very good shielded parking lot (that’s where my car was parked). For a short moment it seemed to me she would go around the edge and pee there, right behind a car or the building or whatever.

If she had gone there I had also made a short visit to my car after a few seconds…

Meanwhile her father opened one of the porta pottys got inside and closed the door. The girl bend over and reached with the palm of both hands on her inner thighs paused a few seconds in that position, straightened her body and moved her right hand in her crotch and grabbed her crotch directly. A rarely sighting, especially in broad daylight.

The girl wasn’t a child anymore and surely she wouldn’t grab her crotch if she had known I was looking at her, but there were no other people around in that moment. She stayed in that position maybe a minute and as her father opened the door and got out, she took her winter jacket of and handed it to her mother, got inside and closed the door.

I used the chance and passed by the pottys in direction to my car and could hear her shouting to her mother or dad “I hate this, this thing is so dirty and nasty…” and to my surprise her mother said back to her “you don’t have to sit down…” I smiled and got away.

That’s the end of my sighting. Not a big deal and for me a puddle on the ground beside a car would be better, but a crotch holding girl in public is also a nice memory.

