First Time Wetting

Author: colbysaur

*000*2014-04-14 02:02

This happened a couple years ago when my omo fetish was discovered. It was a couple days after witnessing a friend's accident where I decided I needed to determine if I was into my own wetting as well as other's or not.

My parents were having their anniversary day a week early and all my siblings weren't in the house at the time. A couple days earlier, I witnessed a friend get desperate and completely soak herself, to which I decided I may have a bit of a peeing fetish. I wanted to know what it felt like for myself, so I decided that I would need to wait until everyone was out of the house before I could do so.

I woke up pretty late and the house was empty. My parents went out for their anniversary and my brothers and sisters were staying at a neighbor's house. I was a bit surprised that they would trust me with the house alone (because my parents would always say they would never leave me by myself because they thought I would burn the house down or cause trouble with the neighbors), but then it clicked that I was by myself for the rest of the day.

I was already desperate when I woke up at around a 5/10, so it was a perfect time to start. I drank two bottles of water and then I waited. While waiting for the water to reach my bladder, I decided to play some video games. It took about thirty minutes before the effects of the two waters hit my bladder.

It felt like a sudden urge before I shot from a 5/10 to an 8/10. I had to cross my legs tightly to keep from peeing myself on the couch. I shut off the game and decided to surf the internet for a little while. I downed half a bottle of water as I messed around on youtube.

It felt like every drop of water was going straight to my bladder. I was squirming in my seat and jammed a hand in my crotch to prevent from wetting myself. I was also feeling aroused by my situation and the feeling of a full bladder. I wanted to push it even further.

I found a case of diuretic pills in the medicine cabinet and swallowed one. I then finished the third water bottle. It didn't take long before I felt as if I were really at my limit. My bladder was stretched so far and my muscles felt like they were on fire trying to hold back the inevitable flood waiting to happen. I went into the bathroom, pulling off my jeans but leaving on my underwear.

As I sat down, a spurt of pee made its way out. It only made my situation worse, as I jammed both hands into my crotch, crossing my legs even more tightly. I poked at my bladder after a couple minutes, feeling another spurt make its way out.

Rock.

Fucking.

Solid.

It felt as if each time I let a spurt out, more went into my bladder. My bladder spasmed, a large spurt leaving my body. I knew I wouldn't last much longer, my bladder contracting one last time and I was done. A jet of pee shot out, me unable to stem the flow.

My legs were soaked with pee but it felt amazing. I ended up getting desperate every hour or so because of the diuretic pills. Each time I was on the brink of wetting myself and it felt so good. I ended up doing hold every chance I could get.

