Estimating my wife's maximum bladder capacity !

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-29 08:33

One of wettingman´s recent comments on my descriptions of my wife´s pee emergencies reminded me of the fact that for a long time I was very curious about the actual amount of pee she can hold when she gets into such situations of extreme pee desperation and having to push her bladder further and further beyond what she feels to be her absolute bladder capacity limit…

I do indeed have at least a kind of rough estimation about her approximate holding capacity! She once was in hospital for undergoing a surgery. After waking up from the anaesthesia, the nurses wanted her to pee, but she couldn't. She was in fact absolutely bursting, but couldn't release it, her sphincter seemed to be literally paralyzed (this phenomenon is not so unusual after an operation anaesthesia I was told).

Not having released a single drop from her totally bursting bladder, she fell asleep for some hours. In the middle of the night she eventually woke up in a state she still refers to as being by far the most painful experience of her life: A sheer excruciating pain from her bladder, which was totally unbearable - but she was still unable to pee! She told me that the nurses actually rushed into her room as they heard her screaming from pain…

When I visited her in the hospital next morning, she was still very much in shock from this cruel experience. She told me that she couldn't imagine that a pee urge sensation of this excruciating level would at all exist and she never got even close to this state in real life situations, as it was far beyond what she would be able to endure with willpower. A doctor finally needed to catheterise her and it was close to 1,3 litres.

So from that pitiful incident I know that her bladder can – just physiologically - hold 1,3 litres when her sphincter is blocked/paralyzed. Well, this amount is actually nothing really special. I guess every healthy adult human bladder can technically hold this amount (and far beyond) if the “exit” is blocked. And I know that some folks here on the forum can actually hold such an amount or even more simply with willpower.

But my wife is a rather small person (she is 163cm tall) with a slim and tender body. And according to her own statement, in real life she would have needed to give up and pee long before her bladder would be filled with 1,3 litres. Therefore during the real life pee desperation incidents which I described in this thread, the amount of her final emergency pees must have definitely been less than 1,3 litres. However, I can still only speculate what her maximum bladder holding capacity in real life actually is – defining her “maximum bladder holding capacity” as the amount of pee in her bladder, which creates such an extreme distress, heavy pain and pee urgency that her willpower is finally overruled and she would let go, regardless in which situation she is at this very moment. I guess my wife´s personal point of “absolute game over” is most probably somewhere between 1 and 1,1 litres. Maybe not actually “outstanding”, but indeed not bad for a small and slim woman, I think!

*001*2015-05-30 09:54

I was asked by some PMs to give more details about how my wife looks, how old she is, ect. - in principle I would like to keep as much privacy for her as possible, but giving you some more details on her physical look and age won´t really hurt this.

She is now in her early thirtie´s (the stories I wrote date back to when she was 26), she has slightly curled natural blond hair, (almost matching the natural colour of her pubes ;-)) and grey eyes. Her body is quite slim and tender and in a very good shape, as she is doing physical exercises regulary. She has small firm breasts and extremely sexy legs.

Please understand that I won´t give any further details about things like her professional life, her biography, about different places where incidents happened, etc., etc. - such kinds of informations would not be compatible with the protection of her (our) privacy. Thanks for your understanding!

*003*2015-05-31 07:12

{{ 

Odd side note : Before catheterizing me ,she was going to walk me into the bathroom, since I could not go in the bedside urinal, and I was still somewhat woozy from the anesthesia. I declined because I was in major pain and didn't think I could go with her there. I regret that decision. }}

Sorry, if this question is actaully stupid... Why do you regret that decison...?

*005*2015-05-31 12:26

Ok, now I understand! Well, if you were in fact right and she might have had an "interest" in male desperation (why should nurses not have that? They are just human beings with sexual fantasies!) - just your excuse that you were in so much pain and wanted relief may have made her particularly sad that she couldn't watch you - on the other hand just that you mentioned it could have made her excited. So, you may comfort yourself with this! ;-)

*007*2015-06-02 04:51

{{ 

I think you're underselling how impressive that is. Measure out 1.3L of water and imagine how much volume it would displace in your wife's abdomen. That's a lot of liquid.

}}

Provox, I obviously totally failed to make clear what I wanted to express in this particular post! (Probably due to my bad English….).

When I heard about my wife´s extremely painful experience in the hospital with the 1,3 litres in her bladder I was actually shocked! You know what I did back home after visiting her in the hospital and hearing about her pitiful story? I took a 2 litre plastic freezer bag and filled 1,3 litres water in it. I looked in complete disbelief at the huge “ball” that this amount created. As you said, I simply couldn’t imagine such a big “thing” even finding enough space in my wife´s petite abdomen! No wonder that she was so much in pain that she felt like dying! No wonder at all that she would be completely unable in real life to hold with willpower such an amount in her bladder!

But after some time (when she was already back home and fully recovered from her OP), I started thinking a bit more about what to make from the “1,3 litres”-knowledge. In fact I had always been very curious about the amount of pee she had actually held during her several extreme emergency incidents in real life, which I all wrote about in this forum. Now I already knew that she COULD DEFINITELY NOT HOLD 1,3 litres in real life. And so I started to simply guess, how much it might have actually been at the end of her extreme desperation incidents.

I had in my mind the incredibly huge puddles she always left, the long duration of her peeing, the thickness of her pee stream – and last, but not least the short experience when she let me feel her full bladder during our ride to the airport. ($/25997-wife%C2%B4s-bursting-car-ride-to-the-airport/

). What I felt through the skin of her belly for a couple of seconds was again shocking. Her literally rock hard bladder reached from her pubic bone till almost above her navel… From the moment I felt the size and hardness of her bladder on that car ride I was in serious doubt if she could actually hold it till the airport…

So, altogether, my final estimation of her being able to hold at maximum 1 or 1,1 litres is simple a very rough guess, concluded from many different and very vague informations. And maybe even the 1 or 1,1 litres are actually an overestimation and in reality her willpower-limit may “only” be 800ml. For her tender body, that would still be enormous. Anyway, I am just still curious – and yet I have no idea how to find out more exact and valid figures about her “real life super emergency maximum bladder capacity”.

*009*2015-06-15 12:59

{{ 

Your poor wife sounds extremely painful. Great post though you are a great writer.

}}

Yes, it must have been horrible... Thanks for sympathizing with her, that´s very kind of you!

This thread is indeed just a kind of "affix" to the series of stories about her extreme pee desperation experiences and my curiosity about her holding ability. However, I really didn´t want her thru such an excruciating experience, I am glad, no damage had been done to her...

And by the way, welcome to the site! You are new here, as I could see!

I hope you will find what you are looking for!

