Skype Message wetting retelling

Author: Dr. Philthy

*000*2012-11-27 20:58

Was on Skype when a friend on there (not from this site) was on after I'd heard about her trying to come home from work incredibly desperate. (to keep discretion, will just refer to her as "C") The story:

C works in a place where she has to wear scrubs and had tripled knotted them for work, then left that evening to go home for the day, but she has a slight problem: she has a very (and I mean very) short span of time where she goes from no urge at all to either seriously desperate or even straight leaking her pants. Lucky for her that day, she just felt herself become pretty desperate heading to the bus station with no bathrooms in sight.

As she was walking up her block, she was already walking funny, and since her keys were in her backpack, she had to stand there hopping from foot to foot while searching for them. Eventually, she did get ahold of them and got into her apartment sucsessfully, still hopping from one foot to the other.

After she set her backpack down and disrobed a bit, she went trying to undo the scrubs so she could get her much wanted relief, but she just couldn't manage to untie them. She got the bow undone, but couldn't loosen the knots. She even resorted to posting online asking for help with getting these knots out since she was bent over and cross-legged. She was really bursting at this point. She tried pulling the ties to loosen things up, but the knot just slid along and got tighter also.

She kept trying to work at it, but eventually the inevitable happened. Her body reversed on her and she started leaking quite a bit. She did manage to stem the flow for a few seconds, but as she tried to hold on to everything left in her bladder, what had leaked out had started to cool, and once that cold pee had run down her legs and touched the back of her knees, she lost everything that second. She wasn't happy about having an accident in that uniform, but there is definitely one thing:

She loves wetting herself.

