Drunk and Desperate Accident

Author: effiethefish

*000*2014-01-18 22:48

Yesterday I got drunk for the first time, and also had my first real accident since childhood. I had been drinking with my friends, but we all had to part ways at this point to return to our respctive hometowns. I was struggling to stay awake during my half hour train ride back to San Francisco with the effects of the alcohol wearing off. I also imagine my need to pee was rising at this point (especially since I hadn't gone in nearly 12 hours), but I was still too dazed to notice.As soon as I got to my station, reality hit me. I knew I was going to have to find a bathroom soon, but I couldn'tfind one. I'm still relatively new to the city, so I didn'tknow of anywhere I'd be able to go (and had been told earlier by a friend that public urination would be considered a sex crime).

My only hope was the public library, which I soon discovered had just closed.It was quickly getting to the point that I could hardly walk because of my desperation. The heavy duffel bag I was carrying bounced against my distended bladder with every step. I ha to sit down on the steps outside the library and consider my options.I knew soon enough I would not be able to move without leaking. I had never felt such a frantic need in my life. I spotted a public toilet up the street, but it appeared to be being cleaned. Still, seeing that toilet made my need rise even more, to a level I hardly knew was possible. I was jiggling my foot and grimacing but too shy to show any other outside signs of desperation.

After the longest 5 minutes of my life, the truck finally moved. I didn't know if the public toilet was even going to be open, and I'd never used one and wasn't sure how they worked, but that didn't turn out to be a problem. I didn't even make it across the street.I was retty sure I wasn't going to make it, but t the same time I didn't want to be stuck there all night. In the middle of the crosswalk, I felt the first drops of warm pee trickling into my boxer briefs. I coninued to make my difficult way towards the toilet while spurt after spurt ran down my legs. 

I had emptied about half of my bladder (hoping that no one else who was out had seen or figured it out) when I reached the toilet.It might have been locked or maybe I just couldn't get it open, but either way, the physical effort I exerted on the door was enough to make me lose it. I stood helplessly as my bladder emptied itself the rest of the way, watching my puddle spread into the sidewalk. The pee soaked into my socks through my boots.The area near the toilet was illuminated so a few people probably saw my wet pants, and I had to walk a humiliating few blocks bac home. But I felt so relieved I almost didn't care.

I'm sorry aout the formatting. My mobile device doesn't seem to let me make paragraphs.

