Faith in Faith Finale

Author: Slater

*000*2013-08-13 15:24

PICTURE NEAR THE END WITH THE WETTING PART.

Going back to someone’s request a very, very long time ago, the finishing (and last) wetting story for my second cousin, ‘Faith’.

Christmas day it was and I hoped that since I was giving her $20 that someone else was going to give me a lot more money as a gift (turned out, I actually broke even, got a lot of random crap I didn’t want or need). The gifts were already all opened up and it was about 1 pm when one of the older boys (another cousin) hid lollipops for all us kids throughout the spacious two-story house, up into the mini apartment above the shed outside, and all through the five bedrooms. I managed to pull her away upstairs to go look for them and once secluded, I turned my back to see if anyone was behind us.

Turning to her, I noticed she was bending down looking under the bed, and since she was wearing some pretty tight jeans, I got a glimpse of her off-white panties being pulled up and some sort of design; I thought they were polka-dots. Of course that was nothing; she was always flashing her panties at me on multiple visits back when she wore skirts and dresses all the time.

“I don’t see any—oh wait, here’s two! One for you, and one for me!” She began reaching, stretching for them and I put a hand on her shoulder, which gave her a slight jump.

“Faith,” I said quietly.

She came out with the prized lollipops and handed me the yellow-flavor. She was unwrapping her purple (or blue, can’t remember) flavored one and promptly stuck it in her mouth. She was looking at me as I was examining the candy and then just stuck it in my pocket. “Need another flavor.”

Faith popped her candy out of her mouth. “Well, let’s go look for more,” she said with a beaming face. As she turned to pass me, I knew this was like a last moment chance, and reached out and grabbed her baggy, orange sweater at the shoulder. I almost bit my tongue thinking I should’ve been gentler. “Faith,” I said a little more sharply.

She turned around and looked at me with wide, innocent-looking eyes. A bit too innocent actually if you ask me.

“Uh... wait a second.” I was really nervous, shaking, trembling and trying to calm down, but her hazel eyes just kept looking at me. When she saw me reach into my pocket, she took a deep breath of anticipation. “Remember on Thanksgiving, I showed you that fifteen dollars?”

She stood squarely in front of me now, sucking on that lollipop. “Yes,” she took another deep breath.

“Well,” I pulled out a single bill, “I decided to up it to twenty.”

Faith’s eyes got even wider, and her jaw was nearly dropping the lollipop out of her mouth. Her fingers rubbed against each other tightly. She worded ‘wow’ under her lips. Understand, she came from a very poor family with some eight-eleven brothers and sisters (depending which era you want to count); getting so much attention from a single person (me) was pretty good to her, and this was even better.

“I didn’t actually get an answer from you last time, we were all going home. But, will you do it, Faith? Will you...” I swallowed, “have a pee accident for me?”

She turned away, the candy in her hand by her side, not looking me in the eye. She rose her head up. “Uh—y-yes.”

I grinned wide, butterflies up in my chest. “You will?”

“I will.”

“You’re eleventh pee accident.”

She raised her eyebrows. “Yeah,” she giggled, “I know.” (all other ten of which I never saw for myself)

“Well, it needs to be a lot, so—I want you to start drinking. You haven’t been drinking a lot in the past couple of trips I’ve seen you.”

“Yeah I know, but my dad actually told me I do need to start drinking more because I get dehydrated. I used to not drink much because I peed my pants all the time.”

I reached out and began brushing bits of her golden brown, stringy hair out of her face. “Thank you. Thank you, thank you! Ok, let’s go. Get something to drink and start guzzling.”

Her first drink was a glass of water, which was an odd choice; she usually loved the soft drinks (of which we had nine twelve packs worth, plus a few two liters). I watched her intently like a hawk whenever I could, but since the deal was struck by the time the “kids’ movies” came on I was comfortable to go with the older kids and try to properly hang out.

During the first movie (something stupid I knew I wouldn’t care for), I went back and noticed she didn’t even get a refill of her cup of water! Horrified that over an hour had already passed. So I grabbed a bunch of soda and passed them around. She gingerly took a root beer and began sipping on it. Took her the rest of the movie to barely finish it.

When they were done, I announced I wanted to pick the next one and then asked her to help me pick. We went into the garage where all the movies were kept and as we were sorting through them, I asked if she had to go to the bathroom.

“No, not yet.”

“Why didn’t you drink any more drinks?”

“Well, my dad said I needed to drink more water.”

“He’s not going to care! He’s not going to even notice. Nobody will. Just keep getting up with the same drink type and get a new one. I doubt anyone will see. You love soda!”

She shrugged. “Yeah, I know. It’s just, not supposed to have that much.”

“What about juice? I’ve kept a gallon of it in the apartment where me and Dave are staying.”

She beamed. “I love apple juice!”

“Then, you can have the entire gallon to yourself.”

I threw away her puny Styrofoam cup and got Faith a huge plastic traveler’s mug, filled it almost to the brim and gave it to her. So we picked out Disney’s Peter Pan and, with her sitting directly in front of me on the crowded floor (with her loveable thin body up against mine and my back to the couch) we began. Every time her cup was empty, I would slip away, and refill it, which I did like three times. I would constantly (and quietly) pester her, asking if she was thirsty and she would on cue start taking gulps.

About three and half hours passed since I first popped the question, when I noticed Faith was starting to sit really uncomfortable. She squirmed a bit, readjusting herself and I knew she had to pee. Eventually, she managed to sit with her legs out in front of her, tightly crossed, edge of the mug jammed into her crotch. Soon, she was wiggling her butt, practically (not purposefully I’m sure) right into my manhood, which was of course swelling like a balloon.

I crossed my legs and told her to sit in my lap, and as she readjusted, she grabbed the crotch of her tight blue jeans. The movie finally finished and she was definitely ready to head off to the bathroom. As soon as we stood up, they called out that we were supposed to be decorating the gingerbread scenery.

We were herded into the dining room where we began constructing gingerbread stuff, candy fences, and using lollipops for trees, but as fun as it was, it was the last place on earth the both of us wanted to be. I managed to get her pulled away to a corner and asked her if she had any spasms yet.

“What’s that?”

“It’s where you pee just a tiny bit. Just get your panties wet a bit.”

“No, not yet.”

“You should be fine until that happens; then we’re going to have to make it an emergency.” I paused to let a family member pass. “Until we get away, I want you to drink at least two more soft drinks.”

“I don’t know if I can.”

“Please? Twenty dollars, Faith; it’s all I have!”

She nervously grabbed her crotch and looked towards the table. “Ok.”

We weren’t able to get away at that moment, everyone insisting we finish this before doing anything else. And though I felt really bad for her, I thoroughly enjoyed watching her bounce up and down, walk to and fro, and most of all, cross her legs and bend over the table. I managed to get her an orange soft drink of some kind, which she unwillingly nursed on. After she finished it, (mostly, but I decided it was better to ‘count’ it and get her another rather than hand it back) and I got her a root beer.

Faith actually handed it back to me. She wiggled her nose, and made a puppy dog face as she bent over, left leg hiked up in the air and wiggling furiously. “Can you open it for me? I can’t really do that.”

As I did so, she swung her left leg around and she locked her knees together, and doubled over she made a fist with her left hand and put it on the front of her crotch (so she wasn’t openly grabbing it) and with the other she held the drink. With a big, deep sigh, she made the statement. “Ok, well—let’s get this over with.”

And in one awesome moment of omorashi, she began chugging! I was so glad I always wore baggy pants because of what she did next. As Faith was drinking it, tipping her head up, her eyes got really huge and she bend down more and crossed her legs. She removed her hand from her crotch and began rapidly wiggling it, looking like she was having a painfully hard time drinking that whole root beer. When she finished she looked at me urgently. “I did it.”

I was trying to think of some secret code word or something I could say without asking if she had a pee spasm around all the other kids.

“It dripped?” I asked awkwardly.

She nodded furiously and was looking left and right. We seemed to be running out of lollipop trees (which was subject to a lot of debate and overall, bickering among the real little ones). In a strike of extreme, heaven-sent brilliance, I made a quiet announcement. “There’s still some more lollipops around here somewhere. Faith, come on let’s find some.”

One of the younger kids did a fist jerk. “Yes! Ok guys, they’re going to get us more trees...”

So Faith followed me in the shortest, best strides she could outside. By this time, it was nearly evening and the sun was just barely starting to set. I decided we could go inside the shed workshop where the dog was kept for privacy’s sake, knowing any pee puddle would be blamed on the dog. (It was after all the main reason it was in there while staying away from all the younger kids. It had a tendency to snap at them).

I told her to wait just a moment and I went upstairs into the apartment and brought out my secret weapons. An old pair of pants and panties I stole from my sister’s bedroom three years prior and brought with me for this occasion.

I got down there and she was super desperate, tap dancing side-to-side and when she saw me, she crossed her legs again and jammed both hands between the thighs of her tight blue jeans. “It happened again. I peed, but just a little.”

“A spasm.”

“Yeah, that. So what now?”

“Well, you clearly can’t be peeing in your jeans because then everybody would know, so I got you these. I hope they fit.”

She looked a bit dumbfounded as well as confused. “Um—oh. I was just going to pee, like, in a toilet or outside.”

This was not happening. I did not go through all of this time, effort, and strategic planning only for her to ‘make it’. I watched her temporarily forget her extreme sense of urgency as she looked at me.

“Faith, I paid you twenty dollars to have a pee accident.”

She perked up. “Oh.”

“And if you wear these pants, nobody will know. Since you already got yours wet, you can take these home. Now we need to hurry before you pee in your jeans!”

With an excited jump, she began trying to undo her tight belt buckle when I ran over and began untying her shoes. She was squealing and moaning, squeezing that belt against her tormented bladder, hissing as she did so. Faith finally got it undone and quickly pulled her pants down. She had to wait on me a second because she double-knotted her sneakers.

“Hurry, oh, hurry!”

I bite my nails so this understandably wasn’t easy, but I took a long nail on the floor and used it to undo the second shoe. Finally free, she slipped her jeans and socks off.

“Ok, gimme the pants.”

I reached behind me to grab them and then faked handing it to her. I nodded to her crotch area. “I think we a have a tiny bit more time.”

“No, we don’t!” she said rubbing her near-naked legs together and standing in place. I began trying to memorize what she looked like in my mind because I always seemed to have trouble remembering in any other past experience, taking photographs by snapping my eyelids shuts and opening them. I started at her bare feet, wiggling with anxious anticipation and moved my sight up her tall, thin legs to her bikini-style bottoms. I also wanted to take a moment to see her panties before she got them wet, and noticed what I thought were light-colored polka-dots were actually little stars. Then I noticed she had a guitar on the front. And of course they were a little wet on the bottom but I could barely see much since I was a bit taller than her and she had her legs crammed tightly together.

“Oh, how cute!” I exclaimed as her face was serious with pleading desperation, “rock star panties!”

At the comment she placed her left hand over the picture, wrapping her little fingers into the folds of her pussy and pulled up tightly but she was so freakin’ desperate she didn’t even blush at the comment. She began throwing a minor tantrum, running in place while her other arm was stretched out in front of me. “P-P-P-P-P-PLEASE!”

I handed her the pants. It finally dawned on me she was probably like me in that she hated standing around in her underwear. “Sorry, here you go. Now remember, take deep, calm breaths. Try not to hold it back so hard if it comes out. And enjoy the warmth.”

Faith briskly got those pants on in no time, noting they were a bit big so we put her belt on. She returned to a holding position, thankful she can ram both hands firmly under her crotch unlike in the tight jeans and she pretty much just stood there, trembling so bad it looked like she was vibrating. I went to a kneeling position and began asking if she ever peed in pants before (as opposed to a dress which she wore almost exclusively past many times I saw her). Faith then related the story to me of when she was holding it for the bathroom back at her house when she did in fact pee in her jeans, about at the age of four or so.

“Was there a big puddle?”

“Not really.”

“So your pants were pretty soaked huh?”

“Yeah, pretty much.”

After waiting another two or so minutes, I don’t remember maybe longer, I told her that she might be capable of holding it forever. “I think you better go ahead and force it out.”

She bit her lip at the prospect of peeing in her pants on purpose in such a way, and didn’t seem interested in the idea, preferring to keep vibrating in place and holding it.

“Well, you will probably feel a whole lot better if you do.”

“Yeah, maybe, but I don’t think I could do it.”

“Well, then I dare you to move your hands away from your crotch, and spread your legs out.”

“If I do, I might pee in my pants.”

I laughed. “That’s the idea, right?”

So she released her grip and stepped her legs about one inch apart. “No, that doesn’t count! Like, shoulder-width or something.”

Faith threw her hands down in some sort of frustration and did as I suggested, kicking her legs up, swinging them around, and dancing in place. She continued this for about another ten seconds.

“Ok, level two. Stop moving.”

She slapped her thighs with both hands and did as told. She was squirming, curling her hands and hissing loudly. “Oh my gosh—oh my gosh—oh—my—gosh!” She began wiggling both hands in rapid motion as if she were trying to fly like a bird, squeezing her eyes shut.

“Oh, I’m going to pee. I’m gonna pee!”

“You sound funny.”

She snorted a laugh a bit and continued. “Oh, but I do! I gotta pee! I gotta pee so bad! Gonna pee in my pants!” She started singing a short jingle about having to pee so badly with me laughing really hard and her smiling. At least she was enjoying herself.

Faith finally gasped. “Omigosh, omigosh, omigosh, omigosh!” She looked down and lowered her arms.

“Take a deep breath and remember to enjoy it,” I said. As I spoke, the crotch of her caprices exploded with darkness. It was running up along the sides of her rock star panties, angrily searing for ways out, running along the folds of her pants and darkening them to a near black state. The pee was gushing out so hard, I could see the pants bulging and moving as they darkened, her crotch looked like it did (though I’m sure it was an optical illusion) as a pee stream began funneling out of it. Pee pattered the concrete all over the place; it was shoving out of that light-grey caprice so fast in so many places it was dripping out as it ran along.

She gaped her mouth open and curled out her hands as she felt it rapidly running down her thighs and pooling around her knees before trickling into smaller pee streams at the hems, dripping on her bare feet and other places of the concrete. Poking out and headed for the ground, there were multiple little bits cascading out from her knees while the main waterfall fell from her crotch. As they did, she twisted her right leg just a little as little rivers began forming all over her calves, carrying the pee around her ankles and toes before being added to the warm puddles warming her feet.

It was wonderful. As she shifted her right leg, her left calf had pee spilling all over it, a single rushing tidal wave. Soon her mere droplets of puddles loudly hammering the concrete softened into the rasping, tapping of rain. Faith was creating a lake around her, and I took a moment to look at her face. She looked up a bit and met my stare, her mouth had closed, and I saw she was visibly blushing, and then she continued studying the destruction she was making on herself. She was breathing slow, hard, and deep.

{{ 

}}

“Just relax, Faith, just relax,” I told her as I looked back down. When I started studying her over soaked crotch, they were glistening back, and soon there was a solid wet streak across her inner thighs, shining in what little light there was in the room.

I remembered that sometimes there was more action from the back and shifted my position behind her, and that was when I realized how bad it really was. Her backside from her cute little butt down the full back of her pants was completely drenched; she finally relaxed with a slight sigh, and the pee stream looked so large I momentarily wondered if she was peeing out of her butthole. I got there just in time to see her pee saturate the very side ends of her legs and all the way across.

I worked my way back up the front and she didn’t seem to have made much progress wetting the front-side though that was probably because she had completely peed her pants as thoroughly as possible.

A couple of seconds later, after what seemed like an eternity, she seemed to finally have finished. The streams began to disappear and reduced to drips.

“I still have to pee,” she mumbled.

I was shocked and couldn’t quite believe it, but after tensing her muscles, her pants were glistening from the crotch down to the hems with an endless tide, though the stream in the center didn’t come back out. Running unopposed, it spilled out all over her legs though for about five to ten more seconds. I found out later what I thought was relaxing was her actually tensing up and she had been desperately trying to hold it in the whole time, until the last couple seconds which she shoved out herself.

We both stood there in total shock and awe. Faith didn’t move, but she wasn’t crying or fascinated anything, just observing like this was some ordinary thing. “Thank you Faith, thank you so much, you don’t know how much this means to me!”

She leaned on her left leg, the action squeezing a bit of pee out and she was looking for a place to rest her other foot without dragging the puddle with her. I grabbed a wad of bedding that was set for the dog and got her step on that, rubbing her feet together to dry them. She was still looking down at this time.

“Sorry about your panties,” I said. “I don’t like standing around in my underwear either.”

“Well, I’m all wet—it’s ok now.”

Still looking down and not conducting to any action, I reached out and slowly pulled my sister’s over-soaked grey caprices off of her, checking her belt to see if they got wet and then slipping them out.

“It’s like a swimsuit now,” she said rubbing her knees together. I took some of the bedding and began rubbing her legs to help her dry them, with the intention of rubbing them on her wet panties. I’m not the person who wants to touch pee, but it was the first time I got to rub a girl’s crotch, and all warm and wet too. I told her to turn around and I began rubbing her butt cheeks and then realized what I was doing was stupid since pulling her panties off would get her legs all wet again.

So I daintily moved my fingers around the waistband of her panties and dragged them down, giving me a full picture of her bum inches from my face. She stepped out of them and I continued to dry her, fully naked now. I got her to turn around again; just wow. I think if I had asked her to have sex, she would’ve said yes. But I wasn’t about to do that; not only was she my cousin, but I suffer from genophobia (the fear of sex) and resorted to rubbing her bare, light-colored pussy.

Faith and I finally met eyes when I looked up at her and she down at me. She then started giggling for some reason. It was a bit embarrassing and I decided to quickly finish up as she stood there and let me rub and touch her everywhere. She put her hands on the top of my head, noticing that I was pretty sweaty. I took one last circle around her bum, giving them a quick squeeze before handing her my sister’s old light blue silky panties. She inspected them for a bit and put them on—they were a bit big (this was one really thin girl!) and she had to hold them up a bit as I got her jeans and put them on her. Like curtains drawing for the close of the show, she zipper sealed shut and she butted them up and put her belt on.

I handed Faith the twenty dollars, gave her a big hug, and told her I was going to make it up to her with more than twenty dollars in some way. I kissed her on the head, she kissed me on the cheek, and well, that was the end of it.

Since then, I’ve asked her to tell me a few more accident stories but other than that we left the subject alone. It was probably because we were getting older and realizing this sort of thing wasn’t going to work or whatever. I don’t think she found the wetting experience itself arousing anyway so there hasn't and probably won’t be a second story.

*002*2013-08-14 13:35

{{ 

Excellent account, and very detailed! I'm a fan of long stories myself, so this one is quite nice.

I encourage you to write about any other experiences you may have/had, you have quite a knack for it, IMO.

}}

I started writing stories here when the forum first opened, so most have been pushed to the back since then:

Here's the Faith in Faith series Part 1: $/573-faith-in-faith/

Part 2: $/5191-faith-in-fath-2/

Stories from School: $/1556-stories-from-school/

An account of my sister's accidents: $/125-unforgettable-%E2%80%98wettable%E2%80%99-sister/

Something I started to tell my by gender-bending the character of myself for my personal accidents, but never got past the first (of three): $/2233-my-omorashi-gender-bent/

And some fiction:

$/622-lisas-second-secret/

$/4057-competition-entry-desperate-tails/

I've been trying to get published (not this martial of course) for quite some time and unfortunately haven't been able to get anywhere with it.

*004*2013-08-24 20:39

{{ 

Fantastic detail and the drawing just sells it. Couldn't have asked for better. Thanks for sharing it!

}}

You're welcome, thank you!

