Wet at the movies

Author: james07s

*000*2012-08-04 07:40

So I just got back from a fun planned accident! I wanted to have an accident at the movies today, so I decided to go to the new dark knight movie and do it. I was drinking a lot for hours and getting really desperate, and thought the most fun way would be to pick a theater kinda far away and pick the last showing so not many people would be around.

I put on some light colored jeans so it would be very obvious when I wet, which made me very nervous because I didn't know who might see! When I left I was really desperate, and it's like an hour to walk to the theater, so I was almost peeing by the time I got there. I was a little early when I got my tickets, so I had to wait like 10 minutes for it to start. Obviously I decided that the best thing to do with that time was to buy one of the super-huge drinks they sell :D.

I was holding myself and dancing around a little when no one was looking, and finally the previous movie finished. As people were walking out I had to stand still and not grab myself or dance around, and so I felt a little come out (and then a little more come out!). I didn't look down to see if it was visible though because I didn't want to make it look obvious.

So as I get into the theater, there are only a few people before me, so I make sure to go in line behind them so I can hold myself. As they're picking seats around the middle of the theater, and I'm at the back in the isle, I suddenly start to pee a little.... then a little more... then a little more... then I though, ahh, screw it, and just relaxed and totally soaked my light colored jeans standing there :D. It felt really hot! And it felt like I was peeing for like 5 minutes!

When I finished I quickly moved up to the front and sat down with my drink, and looked down at my pants. Both legs were totally soaked and it was really obvious what I'd done!

About half way through the movie I finished my drink and had to go again pretty bad, so I just relaxed and went. There are exits by the back of the theater that go right to the parking lot, so after the movie I hurried out that way before anyone saw.

I drank so much that I also wet some while walking back after the movie :D. But it was dark by then so I don't think anyone saw! And no one was around when I got home, so I think I got away with it!

I just got back a little bit ago and started looking for stories and pics, and then I decided that I should share one with all of you. And yes, I'm still wearing my peed pants right now!

*004*2012-08-04 19:46

{{ 

Wow, you are quite daring! You set out to wet yourself in a public place and you choose clothing that could actually easily make your mischief obvious to everyone? I must definitely give you respect for that!

The thought of wetting myself in a public place has always gave me a slight thrill, but I don't think I could ever be so courageous!

I've always been enticed to try wetting myself in a theater while wearing a diaper, however. Something that would mask the wetting, but still let me experience the thrill of just letting go in plain sight. Then simply sit there throughout the entire movie in my wet diaper ^_^. That's probably about as brave as I could ever get.

I love the naughty aspect of wetting, and I really must commend you for being so brave. It's for that reason alone that I think this is one of the best stories I've read all month!

}}

It was fun! I don't usually do it in public with pants where you can see... If you want to do it try wearing dark pants, or get some of those cheap waterproof rain pants and wear them over your normal pants. I do that sometimes and you can totally soak yourself and no one will see (well, except the huge puddle at your feet if you let it all out at once :D).

