Today's a wetting day !

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-04-24 13:42

Yesterday i had a little household accident, and today i'm being punished for it.

I left someting on the stove, and burned it, and the pan, and could have burned down the house, or hurt myself. So today, i have to have to hold all day at work, and will most likely be having a little accident of my own.

If i'm going to wet myself in public, i'm determined to look cute doing it, so...

Here's my outfit for today:

Undies:

And on top:

I'll post details later tonite...

For those of you that want to know what happened, and how.

:blush:

*004*2013-04-24 18:48

Well, i've been doing my best to hold on.

It's been to busy for me to take a lunch break outside, and wouldn't you know it, my co-worker decided to eat lunch at her desk today. :( 

I'm trying to drink less water than i usually do, and so far it's been working.

I'm going to try to leave work early today if i get everything done, but we'll see.

I'm only mildly desperate at the moment; i've been thru much worse.

I might just be able to make it home before i wet.

If not, well... it won't be the first time.

*005*2013-04-24 18:59

{{ 

That sounds kind of harsh. We enjoy your desperation, and wetting, but hopefully you can avoid humiliation. That looks like some sort of dress am I right. So perhaps when you are going to lose control, you can go someplace private and just wet your panties, and not leave puddle that someone will see. You often hold it for hours. Isn’t an all work day hold possible? Of course I will look forward to the details

}}

Microfiber panties (they dry faster), and a nylon lycra spaghetti strap cami, nylon cotton/lycra blend top (v neck with collar and 1/2 length sleeves with cuffs), and a cotton a-line pointelle and eyelet skirt... all in black, to better hide any wetness.

As for avoiding humiliation, i think that's her point... it is supposed to make me remember, and avoid punishment next time. i have very mixed feelings about public wetting.

On one hand, i really do find it embarrassing, but then on the other, i also find myself very aroused 

After i'm forced to do it. Norah is quite aware of my conflicted feelings; she would never force me to do anything i really hated, because she truly loves me. Her discipline is always loving, like that of a good parent. She is never abusive, please trust me when i say that.

Thank you for your concern and support, and to everyone else also !

I'll be OK, i've been thru this before...

*006*2013-04-24 21:30

OK, i'm back home, thank goodness.

Up to now, no public wetting, or any other kind, either. Just some minor leaking...

I've been able to hold since about 9 AM, so that's about 8 hours so far.

I have consumed much less water than i usually do, so i'm not feeling desperate yet, but i still have to go out and walk the dog, and then go work at the climbing wall tonight.

If it's a good class, and people get it quickly, i should be home by around 10:30 PM at the latest.

By then, i will either be totally desperate to pee, or i will have wet myself.

10 hours of holding i can almost always do, 11 or 12 gets iffy..

13 hours, omg...

But my personal best is 16.5 hours, so i know it's not impossible.

*008*2013-04-25 05:04

{{ 

Aaron, on 24 Apr 2013 - 21:53, said:

How did it go at the wall tonight Frosty? Presumably you changed your outfit, harnesses don't go too well with skirts.

I saw a girl at a wall once so scared on a top-rope that she was dripping!

}}

Yes, i did change my outfit... after i made it home from my day job, and walked the k9 without wetting myself, i put on black lycra leggings and sportsbra, my staff t-shirt, and sneakers, and my black zip-up hoodie, and drove to the wall. Felt a few twinges during the drive, but nothing too awful.

It was supposed to be a full class of 4 but 2 people were no-shows, so i was happy about that, thinking i might actually finish on time and be able to get home faster. It didn't quite work out like that though.

For whatever reason, tonight's class took me as long as a full class would, and by the time i was done, it was almost 10:30, time for the wall to close. I might not have been as focused as i could have been, because i was putting a bit of effort into not letting it show that i had to pee. Even so, i wasn't able to prevent a bit of leaking into my black microfiber panties, but i managed to hang on for the whole class.

Anyhow, by then i was starting to feel really desperate.

I started up the car and sat there for a few minutes to let it warm up, playing some tunes from my fave playlist at the moment to pass the time. i was getting squirmy in my seat now, from 11 plus hours of holding.

I was truly in the 'any moment now' zone, and i knew i had to get home fast if i wasn't going to have an accident right there. i started driving home, feeling like i was going to lose it any minute.

Well, car desperation is true desperation; your options for changing position, or even moving are very limited...

But i was exploiting every option available, including shoving my right hand down between my legs to put pressure directly on my wee hole. i really needed to go pretty badly by now.

I was intending to come straight home, when out of the corner of my eye, i happened to notice my gas gauge was almost on empty.

I had to make a stop at the gas station !

OMG... i pulled off at the usual exit i take to get to my preferred gas station.

(yes, i have one, and i only use that brand of gas if i can help it, too, which is probably yet another OCD thing, lol)

When i got to the gas station, i shut the car down and just sat there for a minute doing quick short cycle breathing to reduce my desperation level before trying to get out of the car, but it didn't really help much.

I got out and swiped my card, got the nozzle into the fuel filler pipe, selected my fuel, and began pumping.

I tried to concentrate on the data scrolling on the digital display, but all i could think about was how much i had to pee, and the image of the gas flowing thru the nozzle into my car was the last thing i needed right then.

It seemed like a pee metaphor to me. i was starting to squirm and pee dance there while i was pumping gas into the car, and i was really, really desperate now.

And then, i felt a stream of pee release from my bladder, and soak my panties.

I tried to squeeze my thighs together to stop any more from coming out, but my muscles were so weak after holding for so many hours, i just couldn't do it any more, and i started to wet myself like a little girl right there at the gas station. I couldn't help it.

The stream of pee soaked right through my panties and leggings very quickly and started forming a small puddle at my feet as it dripped off of my leggings.

Luckily most of this was hidden from plain sight since i was between the car and the gas pump, and i was just hoping that the person on the other side of the island who was filling up their car was too busy to notice what was happening on my side.

My face was already flushed with both embarrassment and relief as i continued to release all the pee i'd been holding.

My leggings were completely wet now between my legs, on my bottom, and all the way down to my ankles.

Just as i finished peeing my panties, the pump finally shut off, indicating that the car was full... and i was empty.

With a sigh of both humiliation and relief, i stuck the nozzle in its receptacle, pulled off my hoodie and laid it on the driver's seat, got into the car, and drove the rest of the way home; damp, and squishy with pee, but at least no longer desperate.

When i got home i immediately jumped into the shower after throwing my peed-in panties and leggings and the hoodie which had absorbed the pee from them while i was sitting on it into the washer.

Then i got into my flannel nightgown and waited for Norah to come home, so i could tell her what had happened.

She asked me if i thought i'd learned my lesson.

Overcome with emotion, i couldn't speak... with tears in my eyes, i just nodded like the contrite little girl i'd become.

Then she took me in her arms, and she kissed me, and told me how much she loved me.

And that made it all worthwhile to me. i love her so much !

I hope you all can understand that my gf is not a cruel person, or abusive, and that everything i do, i do of my own free will.

Please try not to think less of her, or of me because of this, as hard as it may be for you to do.

*009*2013-04-25 13:34

I think that i might need to make a couple of things more clear about this latest adventure, because now i'm worried that some of my friends here might have found it disturbing or worrying.

First, i will repeat that i am in no way truly 'forced' to do the things i do, i always have the choice to follow the challenges that Norah sets, and if i can't, then the only real consequence for that is my personal disappointment in myself; nothing more, nothing less.

For example, she knows i hate scat, that i will not do it under any conditions and has never asked me to even try.

I have standing permission to cease holding and use the closest restroom if at any time i feel i am about to have that kind of accident.

As for the 'humiliation' involved in wetting myself in public, i would have to say again that i actually do enjoy the excitement and arousal that the experience brings enough to make it something that i have done periodically ever since i discovered that wetting myself was fun and thrilling at the age of 14.

If you folks read my 'When Frosty Met Norah Pt. 3", you know that she made me wet myself in public the very first time we met, and quite frankly, i loved her for it.

If it was truly a problem for me, this relationship would have been over before it started.

But instead, right then it was clear to both of us how well-matched we were. :)

In the light of this beautiful day, the past is done, and we woke up as the kind and loving couple we are.

And thinking about me emptying my bladder while filling up my car seems pretty funny to me.

I hope you will forgive me for any worry or concern i caused you good people, because the truth is that we are still just a couple of fun-loving, omo-loving girls !

And i feel wonderful today ! Love to you all !

*013*2013-04-25 22:04

{{ 

Thanks for sharing your very exciting saga. Did you find that the microfiber panties absorbed anything? I find that while they dry fast they really have low absorbency so leaks go right through to my trousers or down my leg...

Cute dress [email protected]

!

}}

Microfiber panties don't absorb anything at all, really... i guess that's why they dry out so fast!

I was thinking that if i had to wet myself at work, i wanted to wear something that would allow me to only wet my panties and not have to walk around in clothing that would make it clear to everyone all day that i'd done that.

That skirt was very full, and if i had made it out to the park, i cold have just picked a spot on the grass and peed through my undies with it spread like a halo around me, and no-one would have known.

At least, not until i got up to leave...

Thanks for the compliment, Rachel. i do love that skirt so much !

{{ 

Wow Frosty I had no idea you had to hold it through two jobs and hold it for 13+ hours. You did a great job holding it as long as you did, and, you almost made it. Furthermore, and even though you ended up peeing in your pants in public apparently nobody that mattered noticed.

As always I enjoyed your detailed telling of you pee holding, desperation and eventual wetting. I always enjoy a good wetting as long as the person doing it is not upset by it.

I certainly am not judging you or Norah. If it works for you then it is all good.

}}

Thanks, wettingman !

I wasn't really upset at all about wetting myself at the gas station...

If i had wet myself at the climbing wall or at my day job, in front of people i have to face every day, that would have been much more difficult for me. But i would have found a way to deal with it.

I've been through lots worse stuff in my life than a little loss of 'face', and i always hope that people will be able to see past my many obvious flaws to the more hidden qualities within.

If not, c'est la vie... nobody's perfect. Least of all me.

{{ 

Hey babe! The story of you wetting at the gas station was way sexy! ;) Loved it.

}}

Thanks, Kitty. Love you right back ! i know you understand completely... :)

*018*2013-04-28 02:42

{{ 

Frosty, when you were up on the wall did you think you were going to lose it? That would have been the worst outcome possible. It was late in the day, you had been holding you pee all day, you can’t really do much to help yourself hold it up there ,and you’re the teacher.

}}

Thank goodness, if it's more than one person taking the class, i never have to leave the ground...

Yes, i was really glad i didn't wet myself in that situation, and it would have been almost unavoidable

Because when you sit or fall in the harness it puts pressure on the bladder and kidneys... omg, and then you're dripping in full view of everyone. the shame would have been too much to bear, seriously.

I was already using a lot of will power just to avoid pee dancing, believe me !

