In the car...

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-01-30 05:13

So tonight, I planned to hang out with a friend of mine (let's call him Hiroshi for privacy's sake), and my goal was to have a nice wetting after dropping him home. So I picked him up around 5, and we went out to a few stores. I had used the toilet before I left my home, but had drank a hot cocoa also. I didn't really have to pee at all until we got back to my house around 6. So, we hung out in my room, gaming, and I filled up on some kool aid while we did so. By the time 9 hit, I began to really feel the urge to go. I sat cross-legged so I could press my heel into my privates, and when Hiroshi would look away, I would give myself a squeeze. So we went on like this until about 10, when he needed to go home. At this point, I was seriously considering just going, because I was really desperate. But, my courage got the best of me, and I said "Alright, come on." and we went out to my car.

This is where my lack of judgement occurred, and why I am now kicking myself. So he lives about fifteen/twenty minutes from me, and the second I stepped into the cold air, I shivered and tried to cross my legs without looking like I needed to go. "Cold?" He said. And I told him yes. In the car, I drove, and he played on his phone while telling me some story about school. I was trying soooooo hard at this point to not show my desperation, but the seatbelt was pushing into my bladder, and I couldn't even cross my legs, for I was driving. Getting very worried, I slowly moved my hand up my thigh, close to where I was absolutely dying to hold...Here was the debate in my head: "Kait. If you hold yourself, he may see. If you don't...He might see a hell of a lot more." So, regretfully, I quietly began to hold the pee in. My bladder was creating waves of pressure and I knew I was very close to losing it.

At a stoplight, Hiroshi looked up to tell me something, and saw my hand. "Uhh...You okay?" So I obviously had no choice but to say "I really need to pee. I should have went before we left." He looked sort of weirded out, and asked why I didn't go before if I had to go so bad. So, alas, I said "It came on kind of...suddenly." A lie, of course. Anyway, at this point, he already knew, so I made no attempt to hide the fact that I was about to piss my panties. I wasn't doing the best job driving, because I literally was about to release the flood behind my walls. 

"Ughhhh." I moaned at the next stoplight. "Just ten more minutes. You can come in my house and go" Hiroshi offered. "If I make it that long" I whispered so he wouldn't hear. I made it to his house. Barely. But I did. I declined his offer to use his restroom, because I really wanted to wet myself, and now I had no excuse, with the toilet so close. "Are you...sure?" He glanced at both my hands, shoved in my crotch. "I'm sure. I'll make it home."

So I began driving home, my hand pressed tightly in between my legs. I made it home, ohhhh, yes I did. I leaked, a lot, but made it home. Seeing that no one was home, I got out of my car, knelt beside it, and just let go. I felt the warm pee soak through my damp panties, my jeans, into my shoes. I peed and peed and peed. It was fantastic. The relief was wonderful. Anddddd, I didn't have an accident in front of Hiroshi :)

*002*2014-01-30 22:33

Thanks haha! Totally not ready to have an accident in front of a friend yet. But I've gotten okay with being desperate at least :)

