Desperate during math class

Author: TJC

*000*2015-08-05 01:07

This is a story when i was a grade nine in high school. It was the second last period of the day. In my class was also a beautiful girl named Emily. Emily was a year older than me and was a grade ten, but she had failed math class the previous year and was taking it again. She was a very beautiful and attractive girls with long flowing blond hair. Her beauty rivaled that of even the prettiest grade eleven and twelves. To us grade nines lucky enough to share a class with her she was a goddess. On this specific day she was wearing short shorts that showed of her flawless long legs and a low cut pink T-Shirt.

The class was right after lunch. People came in noisily, talking. Everyone quieted down when our teacher came in. He called roll call and began teaching. Everyone sat quietly taking notes. I noticed Emily seemed a little fidgety. I thought she might have to pee, and the though of that angel desperate made focusing on math difficult. A few minutes later she confirmed my suspicions when she raised her hand. "Uhm, sir, can i used the bathroom?" The teacher gave her a dirty look. "No, you know the rules, no one may leave during class." Emily looked down at her notes, with a look of disappointment and worry.

Emily continued to take notes. She was fidgeting quite a bit, keeping one hand at her legs, occasionally grabbing her crotch. I was watching her struggle while i desperately tried to stay focused on my own note taking. Her desperation seemed to increase minutely. I could hear her talking to her friend who she sat next to. "Uh, i drank so much, i'm gonna piss my pants." This really turned me on.

After a little while she asked to pee again. "Please sir can i go to the bathroom, it's an emergency..." The teacher looked coldly at her "An emergency? How?"

"Well sir, today's the summative run day." Summative run day is the day all the gym students run their run for marks. It is done in the last period of the day. "To prepare for the run, my gym teacher said to drink lots of fluids all day, which I've been doing and as a consequence, I'm bursting with pee." Emily turned red as she admitted this embarrassing fact to the class. he teacher still refused.

The next half hour was brutal for her poor bladder. I could see she wasn't writing notes and instead focusing on not having humiliating accident. She was crotch grabbing, had her legs crossed and shaking about in her chair. Many students were looking at her. Her face remained rd in embarrassment. I too had abandoned my notes, focusing on her desperation. Her pain continued until she finally couldn't take it anymore.

"Sir pleeeeassse! I'm gonna pee my pants if you don't let me go, my bladder is so swollen i'm in agony. I already leaked, please i'll be humiliated if i have an accident." She was bright red after her out burst. The teacher let out a sigh. "Fine, given the circumstances you may leave this one time, don't let it happen again.

She ran out to got pee. A couple people talked about ht incident the few days after, mocking her a bit but playfully. After a week no one really cared and had forgot about the whole thing, well accept me. ;)

*005*2015-08-06 14:39

{{ 

That's amazing! I was in such a situation too, one time in an english lesson. But I was bursting to pee myself. I annoyed the teacher as long as I could and after 25 agonizing, crotch grabbing minutes, he finally let me go to the toilet

}}

Sounds like quite the tale. Do you plan on sharing it? I'd be very interested in reading it.

