A trip home to remember

Author: TJC

*000*2015-04-11 12:48

This is a story from a while back when was in high school, during my senior year. It's about my friend Rachael. (The name is changed to protect identity.)

It was the end of the school day and I was going to the bus stop with my friend Rachael who was coming over to hang out. Rachael was a tall girl, with long black hair, a medium build and a gorgeous face. This day she had short shorts on and a pink low cut tank top that hugged her rather ample breasts nicely. All we ever were is friends but I must admit I always found her extremely attractive.

My house was quite far from the school, it took three buses to get home, roughly an hour ride.

Rachael and I were just waiting, talking about our days etc, when suddenly she remarks how she kind of had to pee. Needless to say this aroused me, but not wanting to draw suspicion to myself all I say is; "You should go back in the school and pee, we can catch a later bus."

"Oh don't be silly," She responded. "It's not that bad, I barely notice it, I'll just pee at your place." This excited me, to think of spending the next hour with a desperate Rachael, even if her desperation wasn't that bad.

Our wait lasted longer than usual, the bus to pick us up from school was late. It was a short 5 minute ride from the school to the bus station where we would catch bus number two. Of course the first bus being late caused us to miss the second bus, so we had to wait for another one. Rachael and I sat in the station talking. At this point I could see her desperation had increased a little. She showed small signs such as a mild leg shake, occasional crotch grabbing. "Are you okay?" I asked trying to sound sympathetic and not aroused. "Yeah, I'm fine, I probably should have taken you up on that pee offer though." We both chuckled. It was a long wait for the second bus but it eventually came. While on the bus her desperation seemed to have increased mildly. She continued showing the same signs as in the station but more frequently. The bumpy ride wasn't doing her any favours.

When we arrived at the next station to catch the third bus, with all the delays like an hour had passed already, and we still had a ways to go on the third bus. We, again had to wait for the next bus because our delays caused us to miss the one at the time I'd usually take it. We sat inside the station and I could see Rachael was bursting now. "Oh my god! I really need to pee! I should have taken your suggestion, why aren't there any fucken bathrooms in these places!?"

"It's okay." I said, rubbing her back to comfort her. "The next bus ride is a short one." At this point we were both pretty silent as I watched the bursting beauty and Rachael tried to focus on containing all her pee. The bus arrived and we got on.

While on the bus Rachael showed the most intense sign of desperation yet. Both her hands were clamped against her crotch as she violently shook her leg furiously, doing anything necessary to stay dry. At this point I could see her bladder was quite swollen. We didn't talk much until about ten minutes away from my apartment. " Oh fuck, I'm gonna pee! I leaked a little, this is torture." I hugged her to comfort her, praying my erect penis didn't accidentally rub against her. "It's okay, we're almost there. You're doing great." I felt a mixture of sympathy for my friend, hoping she avoids humiliation yet I also felt unbelievable arousal, at the thought of such a beauty dying for sweet relief. My encouragement seemed to help her as she managed to make it to my stop dry.

She Got off and we walked to my house, which was about a three minute walk. I had to help her walk as she was focusing on keeping dry, while leaking a little. We got into my building and proceeded to my apartment, which fortunately for her was on the first floor. She did a waddle/run to my apartment. And just as she got in she froze." Oh fuck, I can't move! If I move, I'm gonna burst." Rachael wasn't the kind to exaggerate, so if she said she couldn't move, she meant it. There was no way she could climb the stairs to the second floor of my apartment (My apartment at the time had 2 floors) to use the toilet. I thought quickly, and then I remembered my brother and I had finished a two liter bottle of pop the day before. I grabbed it from the recycling, found a funnel in the cupboard and gave it to her. Here Rachael, if you can't go to the toilet use this. What!? Are you insane this is..."

"There's no time to argue, it's either the bottle or your pants." She hesitantly took them from me and I turned away to give her privacy. She pulled down her shorts and panties. "Oh god! Oh finally." I could hear here sighs of relief as well as the found of the urine violently entering the bottle. She peed for what seemed like an eternity, and when she was done almost all the two liter bottle was filled . Rachael was really embarrassed after all this. I saw a small wet patch on her crotch, but overall she managed to avoid an accident. "Thanks, that was some quick thinking. I should probably dump this down the sink." She said pointing to the pee bottle. "Uhhh, yeah... that's... probably what you should do." I so badly wanted to keep that bottle.

After all this Rachael made me swear I'd never tell anyone about this. I promised and we had a fun afternoon together. Overall an amazing experience.

*007*2015-04-12 11:54

That would be funny, lol. That's why I changed her name to protect identities. I picked a rather common name.

