My little sister showed me a video clip, and... OMG !

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-05-10 12:35

I realized i haven't posted anything lately... i've been working on a piece of fiction, and it's taking a lot of time and effort, but i wanted to share this with you folks.

WARNING: this is a bit explicit, OK ?

This is a description of what i was doing on Wednesday night. (5/8)

I was chatting online with my middle sister, and holding the way i usually do...

Since i really had to pee, i was already in kind of an aroused state when she sent me a link to a video which was very hot and explicit (yes, we are very naughty with each other, i know).

The next day, i sent her this message:

Oh, sis !

I can't believe what you did to me last nite... after i watched that video clip, i was so excited i went downstairs and asked Norah to make me happy right away.

She laughed and said " Have you been talking with your sister again ?"

I nodded, and she said, "Your little sister is very good at this, isn't she?"

I nodded again. She said "I know you must be very, very excited right now, aren't you?"

I said "OMG, i can't stand it... could you please let me have my happy time now?"

I was desperate to pee, but i also really wanted that too.

She smiled and said "I love seeing you like this so much... I think i'll have to make you wait a little bit."

She sat me on her lap just like a little girl in front of the computer, and then...

She told me to show her what had gotten me so turned on, and we watched it together.

Three more times, she made me watch it., sis... omg... OMG... OMG !

By now i was so ready... my black cotton panties were totally wet with my girl juice, and of course by now i was leaking pretty steadily too, the pee was soaking them also.

When she put her soft hand down there to feel it, and started to caress me ever so gently with just her fingertips... omg, sis... i was shivering and shuddering... her other hand reached up under my t-shirt and she cupped my breast and rubbed my nipple, rolling it in her fingers... omg.... i was starting to let out little gasps and moans of pleasure almost constantly as she increased the pressure of her fingers on my love lips, then she slipped her hand inside my panties and found my joy button... a few moments of that, and i was coming like crazy, sis...

OMG, and when she stuck two fingers inside of me and squeezed my nipple hard, I came again ! and then i squirted a little too, but i think it was just a little pee...

You know i kind of always do that when i'm really excited and i come...

At least, i always thought i was peeing...

But now you have me thinking maybe it's what those other girls are doing.

Omg, have i been squirting all this time and didn't realize it?

How can i tell ?

All i know for sure is after that, i definitely peed all over Norah's hand as she kept it pressed against me... i peed a lot, too. and then she gave me another happy time, OMG !

Oh, sis ! Thank you for always being there for me, and for helping me to have yet another wonderful experience with Norah.

She told me i had to thank you profusely for my orgasms last night and tell you how grateful i am to both you and her for such a nice happy time.

I am... i really am so very grateful. Thank you, my sweet sister, my friend...

... omg... thank you !

(btw, before i posted this, i asked her permission, and she said it was OK)

*004*2013-05-10 17:08

{{ 

I re-read it and I'm still as turned on as I was the first time you sent it to me ^_^

I'm so happy I could get you all ready for Norah, but you don't need to thank me, I enjoy getting you all excited sis :p

}}

I'll be sure to return the favor every chance i get, sis... because i feel the same way about you !

:)

{{ 

Frosty Thank you for this hot story describing well the intimate part of your life , the actual sex act, this time with only a passing mention of pee.

}}

You are quite welcome, wettingman.

I wasn't sure i should post this here, because there wasn't as much desperation as usual, so i wasn't sure it was entirely appropriate...

But then i figured, "Aw, what the heck; somebody might enjoy hearing about it."

I promise there will be much more desperation leading up to wetting next time. :)

*006*2013-05-10 17:34

{{ 

There may be multiple people wetting as well

}}

And that... sounds like a plan to me. :)

{{ 

I love the energy in your writing,

}}

Thank you... i'm so glad you enjoyed it !

*008*2013-05-11 23:41

{{ 

Can you post the link to the video?

}}

WARNING: EXTREMELY EXPLICIT ! NSFW !

%http://www.sexykarma.com/gonewild/flv/0746/2280/default.mp4

There you go... and now you know what pushes this girl's (love) button...

*010*2013-05-15 04:25

{{ 

Frosty, I have been testing myself to see how long I could go without an orgasm, and haven't masturbated in over a week. Then I read this post and just gave up, you just gave me one of the most intense orgasms of my life, and I came again after seeing the video!

Wonderful!!

}}

That video is pretty good stuff, i must say !

If i were allowed to play with myself, i would be doing it almost non-stop to that, and like that.

Which is exactly why i have to wait until my gf is around to either do it for me, or watch me.

I'm so happy to have been a part of one of the most intense orgasms of your life...

I'll be thinking of you pleasuring yourself to that vid the next time i'm allowed to have my happy time, and it will make mine all the more intense also !

:wub: :wub:

