Alcohol induced omo

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-12-26 09:21

Hi guys! Hope you all had good holidays those that celebrate it! The best bit of this time of year is the fact that everyone seems to over indulge on alcohol, which gives us omo lovers a bit more to celebrate haha!

Anyway yesterday (25th) we started drinking slightly after we ate breakfast I was in a permanent state of drunk to be honest the whole day, but by the evening I was pretty drunk and my family was laughing at the shit I was saying. We ended up playing balderdash which is a game that involves making up answers to questions and trying to make them believable, but I was way too drunk for them to be believable so it was just a lot of laughing. I had to pee badly before the game started, I was sat cross legged at the table still drinking of course but all the laughing made it really difficult. I managed about 6 rounds before I decided I'd waited almost to the limit. I find it's harder to judge whilst inebriated! I sat through the rest of the round focusing mostly on my bladder and it was quite a struggle to wait for an opportunity to run.

So I tried to run but I was far too drunk for that I ran about half the stairs and then had to stop as I nearly fell down, I got myself into the bathroom on time some how!

But then I finished the rest of my drink and had another lager, we finished the first game and moved onto a different one that was really boring but we were super drunk and managed to find 900 things to laugh about. I had to pee badly again pretty quickly into it, but I wanted to wait until the game was over. I was bouncing my legs through most of it, holding my crotch under the table but nobody noticed. Toward the end of the game though I couldn't stop laughing and felt my bladder give way a fair bit, luckily I was wearing black jeans but it went through to the chair just slightly, luckily the cushion absorbed it! I decided to finish the game at least so nobody knew what had just happened!

I managed it and ran upstairs and had the most relieving piss of my life!

Thanks for reading

EQ x

*003*2015-12-26 15:45

{{: 

Hah, this is why Christmas should be the pee season!

}}

I was HaPee at least :P

{{: 

Another great story. Did you end up changing or just let the jeans dry? Two days ago my girlfriend and I were out shopping and I had black jeans on. I was turned on so I did very tiny amounts in my pants off and throughout the day. Nothing that any one would notice. I would let a few drops out, let it dry, etc. Don't you just love black jeans or trowsers?

}}

Ha I let them dry not really thinking about it I was quite drunk just stripped and got into bed :P And yes it is one plus of black jeans especially!!

