Playing monopoly

Author: Flush

*000*2010-12-30 16:03

Hi, I’m new here! I’ve posted my introduction in another thread, but I wanted to share a true story with you. In my whole life, I have witnessed one genuine accident. I couldn’t remember the names, so I picked my own, but other than that, the story is 100% real!

I was thirteen years old at that time, and our parents were throwing a dinner party for a part of our family. I'm not exactly sure why - I guess it was someone's birthday party or something like that - but I do remember it was a summer day, as it was really hot that particular day.

Most of the guests were grown-ups though, and the only kids besides me and my two sisters, were two cousins: a male and a female one. They were brother and sister, and they were one of those family members you barely see - one or two times per year. They were living very far; their place was almost a two hour drive apart from our place. The male cousin, David, was about my age, and his sister Susie was just one year younger - so she was somewhere between ten and twelve years old.

They were late for the party, and we were eating our appetizer by the time they arrived. I remember they were saying something about being caught in a traffic jam for half an hour; anyway, they had been in the car for at least two hours. And as soon as they were at our house, the male cousin went to the bathroom to relieve himself. Susie however did not, and she followed us directly to the "party area". The grown-ups were sitting at a big table, and us five kids were sitting at a smaller table.

As I said, it was a warm day, and we were sitting outside. Dinner itself wasn't really interesting off for us youngsters off course, and we got bored really fast. We simply ate our dinner and we all drank a significant amount of fluids. Usually we weren't allowed to drink that much coke, but we were at a different table and our parents weren't really watching us, so we took advantage of that. So did Susie and she drank even more than we did. I think she drank five or six glasses or coke during dinner. I also remember that she was very vivid during dinner; she moved a lot, and she almost never sat down. But we weren't really paying attention; after all, we were kids.

After dinner we excused ourselves from the table, and I and the male cousin went playing basketball at our front driveway. His sister joined us, while my two sisters were going inside. I think Susie wanted to be with a familiar person, and she didn't know my sisters very well, so she went wherever her brother went. Me and David didn't know each other very well either, but we were both male and at the same age, so we got along fast. So after twenty minutes, I and the male cousin were playing basketball, and we kind of ignored Susie. It certainly wasn't on purpose, but we forgot about her, and she sat on the grass while we were playing. After a while my parents noticed, and they suggested we'd better do something different, so that Susie could join us again.

So we went to my room and decided we would play a board game - me, David and Susie. We chose to play Monopoly, since everyone knew the rules of that game. We placed the board on the floor, and we sat on the ground too. We started playing, and soon I noticed that Susie was very fidgety. She was constantly shifting between positions during the ten first minutes of the game. Her hands were also trembling when it was her turn. I wasn't really paying attention to her, because I was really into the game. I just thought that it was a side-effect of all the coke; sugar makes people active, after all. She seemed to be pretty enthusiastic about the game, and she infected us with her behaviour; we were all going crazy about the game and having a good time. How could I know that her enthusiasm was just a cover-up for her ever growing bathroom needs?

We played on, and Susie obviously went trough different stages. After ten minutes she was quieter, and less fidgety; she just sat besides the board, with her hands in both pockets of her jeans. She could sit still for a couple of minutes, then fidget again, and then sit still again. This went on for about fifteen minutes, but she obviously had trouble sitting still, and she moved wilder as time passed. I noticed her movements, and I wondered if she had to pee. I didn't say anything though, because I didn't want to embarrass her.

I secretly gazed at her for a while, and it was now obvious to me that she was bursting for a pee. But still, I didn't want to embarrass her, so I kept my mouth shut. She started sitting on her heels, and she held herself when she thought we were not looking. She could hardly concentrate on the game, and when it was her turn, her hands were shaking as she moved her token. Still, she kept playing on like nothing was happening. Between turns, she was bumping up and down on her heels. I could tell she needed a wee badly, and I felt sorry for her. Again, I didn't want to embarrass her, so I asked to her in a neutral tone, if she was ok. To my surprise, she simply said yes, and she kept bouncing up and down. I was sure she wasn't ok, but it was the best I could do, I figured.

So we played on, but it was clear that Susie needed the bathroom desperately. She was holding herself all the time now, and jiggling up and down. I was waiting until the moment she would break, and ask where the bathroom was, but that moment never came. I'm not sure why. I guess she tried to hold it until the game was over. She was frantic to pee by now. She bounced up down, pressing her hands on her crotch. I asked her if she was ok again, but she answered yes. I was sure she wouldn't be able to hold it, but Susie apparently had another opinion. She played on, always with one hand between her legs, and breathed deeply. 

She was encouraging us to play faster, probably because she wanted the game to be over. Silently she was moaning, and suddenly she jumped up while it was her turn, slamming her hands between her legs. I couldn't believe her; she was moments away from flooding her panties, but STILL she didn't ask for the bathroom! She sat down again, moved her token, and rocked back and forth. I could see she wanted to jump up again, but she didn't. It was David's turn, and she moaned again, loud.

And then it happened. While David was moving his token, she jumped up and froze. She stood still for a second, trembling, and then blurted: "Where... where is your bathroom?" But before I could give an answer, I saw the wet blue lines running down her legs. She was already flooding her panties, before even popping the question! I told her that the bathroom was just next to my room, but Susie didn't move. She just stood there, keeping her hands in her lap while peeing her panties.

Her brother ran down, screaming "Mommy, mommy! Susie has wet herself!" I was alone with her in my room now, and I could hear the hissing sound coming from between her legs, and see the puddle under her feet grow. I didn't know what to do, but I felt really sorry for her and apologized. She just shrugged and said it wasn't my fault. Her mom came up the stairs and led Susie into the bathroom. I could hear her crying as her mother closed the door. Five minutes later, Susie left the bathroom, wearing one of my shorts, and I remember they left our house right after. Later that night, I was off course punished for not showing the bathroom to my cousin, but I didn't care. I knew it wasn't my fault.

*003*2010-12-30 16:53

I'm not sure, I wasn't into desperation yet at that time, and I didn't ask her. But, my cousin was very shy by nature at that time (she always followed her big brother everywhere, and barely spoke to other people on family parties), so I think she was just too shy to admit that she needed a pee. I remember that during the game she was always encouraging us to play faster. I think her plan was to finish the game, run down to her parents and ask where the bathroom was.

*008*2010-12-31 10:02

I couldn't read her mind off course, but I guess that she thought she could hold it... at least until the end of the game. After all, she did ask for the bathroom, when she realised she couldn't hold it. But it was too late, then.

I think she was twelve at that time, but it could be eleven too. She was wearing jeans, but I don't remember what color, and I don't remember the rest of her clothing either - it's a long time ago ;) There was a puddle on the floor, but again I don't remember the size. I don't think it was that big... her jeans were pretty soaked, though.

*015*2011-01-03 18:54

All I know is that she is around a year younger than her brother, who is about my age. So barely eleven, or even ten... it's possible, I guess. Twelve was just a very wild guess of me, I'm sorry. I don't know her very well, it's been years since the last time I saw her, she is not a direct relative - she's a second cousin.

And yes, her not asking for the bathroom was immature for her age. That's what I was punished for; my parents didn't believe that she hadn't asked, they believed that she had asked, but that I had refused to show her the toilet. They thought that I had MADE her pee her panties.

Oh and after your comment, I looked up the term "wiggle ass" on youtube... that was definitely NOT what she was doing ;) That was just a really awful translation, I'm afraid.

