When 18 y o me turns into a 13 y o mischievous little girl!

Author: vikka

*000*2013-02-10 20:05

To maybe understand my stories better I've written a Background, which you can find under "About me" on my home page https://omorashi.org/user/15346-vikka/

I've written it to hopefully avoid misunderstandings. And now to the story!

###

Sometimes I like to dress and act as a little girl, much younger than my actual age (which since a couple of days is nineteen years). I can very easily make myself look about thirteen years old as I’m pretty small (157 cm), have a tiny body and also tiny breasts. Also I’m rather innocent looking. When I want to play a little girl, I use to go somewhere I won’t be recognized. The reason for that is, that I want to play a very naughty and exhibitionistic (though in an innocent and unconscious way) little girl, and I don’t wish to become unmasked doing it.

What I’m now going to tell took place a Saturday in June last year. I’d had very erotic dreams all night long and I woke up in the middle of a strong orgasm. As I lied in my bed, heavily panting, in the aftermath of the orgasm, I felt a warm wetness spreading under me. I was wetting my bed. I don’t usually wet my bed, it’s such a mess to take care of the consequences afterwards, but this time it felt so good. Like I was a little baby girl. And that gave me the idea of how to spend my day.

After having my breakfast I began to dress for the kind of day I had in mind. I took out five pair of pink cotton panties. I put on one pair and put the others in a little, pink rucksack. Then I took out four (I hadn’t five) white pantyhose, put on one pair and put the rest in the rucksack. I hesitated for a while between a grey, pleated skirt and a black watch tartan, pleated skirt. Finally I chose the dark tartan skirt. I thought it wouldn’t show wet stains so clearly. It was a very short skirt (actually I got it when I was thirteen years old) and only just covered my bum and about ten cm of my thighs.

But what to choose for my upper body? A bra was out of the question. I almost never use a bra. A t-shirt? A sleeve-less cotton top? No. I decided that a white, short-sleeved cotton blouse would be perfect. And as – even if it was sunny – it wasn’t precisely warm - mild but not warm - I thought I’d better wear a grey cardigan of thin wool. When I’d put on the whole outfit, I looked in the mirror. Something was missing. Obviously shoes, but apart from that it was something else. Oh, yes! A pair of white, knitted half-hose, reaching up to the knees, should be perfect for the image of a little girl. After rummaging about in the drawers I found one pair in the bottom drawer. I put them on and also a pair of black, low-heeled shoes with straps. Then I looked in the mirror again. I saw a little girl, maybe thirteen years old, staring at me with big wide open eyes. She looked so innocent.

During the dressing I’d consumed half of a big bottle of mineral water. I packed the half-empty bottle together with a full bottle in my rucksack. I started my Beetle and drove away to Stockholm. Merry as a lark and feeling very mischievous.

After about twenty km I noticed a police check ahead, and when I reached it, I was stopped by a female police officer. She looked at me and asked me to step out of the car.

“Aren’t you a bit too young to drive a car?” she said in a harsh voice. “I don’t suppose you have a license?” She laughed sneeringly.

I leaned in to the car and fetched my rucksack, out of which I picked my driver’s license.

“Here you are!” I said and gave her a nice smile.

She looked at the license and then at me. Then she returned the license.

“I’m sorry! But you really don’t look eighteen. Please continue your ride!” Red-faced she turned and walked away to another waiting car.

Very satisfied that I’ve got such a convincing proof of that I looked like a much younger girl, I continued.

In Stockholm I went to Norr Malarstrand, where I parked my car. I thought of the naughty things I’d been planning and my anticipation made me almost overwhelmed with horniness. When I strolled along the embankment, looking at the ships at the quay, I felt that I needed to pee. I bought an ice cream at a stand and sat down on a bench. On the grass before me a young couple was having a picnic . They were sitting on a blanket. The woman was facing me and the man was turning his back to me.

They were pretty near me, maybe three meters. She sat with her ankles crossed, her knees widely apart, and her skirt had ridden high up on her thighs. I could see her white panties through her thin nylon pantyhose. In an instant I got so aroused that I began to pant heavily and I almost choked on the ice cream. I coughed and spitted ice cream and suddenly I felt a spurt of pee from my pussy. I parted my legs and put a hand against my crotch and managed to stop the flow. Now I got so aroused that I well-nigh didn’t care if someone saw me. I rubbed my pussy outside my wet tights and panties. It felt as my pussy was filled with tickling champagne bubbles. Nearly at once I got a gushing orgasm. Oh, it felt so heavenly gorgeous! I kind of faded away from everything around me. When I came to my senses and looked up, I saw the woman staring at me. Oh, she’d seen me! She’d seen me having an orgasm! I felt ecstatic. I wondered if she liked what she’d witnessed. If she’d become aroused.

I parted my legs further and slowly stroke my fingers at my still tingling pussy. I looked at her and smiled. She smiled back. Then I saw her scribble something on a piece of paper. She said something to the guy, gathered some litter from their picnic and went to throw it in the trash can that was placed at the side of my bench. She smiled again and dropped the piece of paper she’d been scribbling on to the ground beside the trash can, after which she returned to the guy.

I took up the scrap. On it was written: “Meet me at the City Hall Park in fifteen minutes. You’re so cute and I want to talk to you. /Cattis”

I got excited. I wondered at her intention for wanting to talk to me. She’d seen me; maybe she’d become aroused by the sight of me masturbating? I stood up and set off to the City Hall, which was situated quite nearby. As I was walking I felt that my panties were damp. I stopped and put a hand under my skirt and felt that my panties were not only damp they were very sticky as well. Better change them before I met Cattis. I sneaked behind a parked car where I quickly took off my pantyhose and panties, wiped my pussy and legs with the dry parts of the panties and put on clean panties and pantyhose from my rucksack.

While waiting for Cattis I felt thirsty and gulped down the rest of the mineral water in the half-empty bottle. I waited for almost half an hour until she arrived. I looked at her while she approached. She was by all means not an astonishing beautiful woman but she looked very nice. She was rather tall and had long dark blonde hair. She noticed me and came forward. She looked earnest.

“Sorry, I’m so late but my boyfriend took his time to say goodbye. I’m called Cattis, what’s your name?”

“I’m called Vikka”, I answered. I got a bit nervous. She didn’t act as I hoped her to. She was so serious. I waited for her to continue.

“And how old are you?”

“I… I’m thirteen”, I answered. It was a lie of course but it was the age I was pretending to be, and I was determined to follow out my fantasy game.

“Hmm, I figured you would be of about that age. And that’s why I want to talk to you. I’m a social worker. Can’t you see that what you did before could be very dangerous. If some guy had caught you doing that, anything could happen. What on earth made you masturbate in public like that?”

Her harsh voice made me more nervous. And I felt that I had to pee, which didn’t make me feel easier in my mind.

“I didn’t do that!” I said in a squeaky voice.

“Didn’t do what?”

“I didn’t do that thing you said. M… masturbate! I didn’t!”

“It certainly looked that way. Don’t be afraid, I’m not going to report you or something like that. I just want you to realize how dangerous your behavior could be. It’s nothing wrong to masturbate but you have to choose the right time and place for it. Don’t you see that?”

“But… but… I wasn’t really masturbating. It was an accident. I had to pee very badly and suddenly pee started to come in my panties and I had to stop it.”

“Are you telling the truth now? Because I saw you rubbing and then you obviously got an orgasm.”

“I put my hand there to stop it and when I saw you…” I stopped and looked at her. I began to feel less nervous. Actually I felt naughty. This conversation was getting exciting and made me feel very aroused.

“When you saw me? Shouldn’t that make you stop at once? Instead you went on.”

“You… had your skirt high up on your legs and I could see all the way up. I couldn’t help that I got aroused, and when I saw that you were looking at me… Oh, I just came! It wasn’t my fault.” I pretended to cry. “You… you smiled at me… I thought you liked it! Didn’t you? Why did you write that I was so cute, if you didn’t?”

She gave me a long look. She didn’t look so grave anymore.

“Hmm… yes, maybe I thought you looked cute… at the moment. But I didn’t realize at once how young you are. At first I got a bit carried away by the sight… Well…” She blushed! “Anyway, I hope that you’ll be more careful in the future. What you did could have been very, very dangerous if someone else had seen you.”

“Yes, I will be. I guess it was fortunate that it was you that caught me and not some guy.

”

She was a nice woman and seemed so regular that I no longer believed that she would take it kindly if I tried something mischievous and naughty. It was a pity though because I was becoming very desperate to pee at that moment.

“Before we part”, Cattis said, “I come to think about something else. You shouldn’t keep on wearing those wet panties and pantyhose. You could get rashes or even a urinary infection. You should immediately go home, get washed and change underwear!”

“Oh, I’ve already changed panties and pantyhose.” I replied, but at the same time I had to press my thighs against each other as I felt a twinge in my pussy. I took some fidgety steps on the spot.

“Changed…? Did you have spare panties and pantyhose with you?”

“Mmm… I… I use to bring spare underwear when I know I’ll be from home for a longer while. It sometimes happens that I have wetting accidents.” I felt another twinge and this time it was so strong that I had to put one hand in between my thighs and press hard against my crotch. “And right now I might have another accident! Oh, I can’t hold it much longer now!”

“Oh, dear! Come with me,” Cattis said. “I’ll show you where the toilets are.”

“Wait!” I yelled. “I don’t think I dare to move. Wait a moment!” Now I felt really desperate, I bent down and pressed even harder against my crotch. I looked around. We were not quite alone, a group of Japanese tourists was a bit away. Oh, shit, I mustn’t embarrass myself in their sight. What would they think? I tried to hide behind Cattis’ back while I looked at them. I didn’t want them to catch me rubbing my crotch either. But then they walked away following their guide. Cattis turned to me and laughed.

“Are you playing Seek and Hide? Oh, no! What are you doing?”

I’d parted my legs and hitched up my skirt. I wasn’t able to hold it anymore. Pee gushed through my panties and splashed to the ground. I was a victim of split emotions. I felt totally embarrassed for wetting myself in front of Cattis, but at the same time I felt so excited, so aroused. Increasing twitches ravaged in my pussy. I realized that I was going to have a major orgasm. I yelled at Cattis:

“Don’t look at me! Turn around!” But she kept on staring at me. Next moment I came. I couldn’t help squeaking and moaning. It was so wonderful yet so embarrassing. I was so sure that Cattis thought it to be really loathsome. When I’d stopped peeing and only felt the remaining aftermath in my abdomen, I started to cry.

“I… I’m s…sorry”, I sobbed.

Cattis put an arm around my shoulders. She gave me a friendly smile.

“Don’t be,” she said, “an accident could happen to anyone. It could be that you have a weak bladder. And the other thing… I mean that you came. I suppose it was this strange situation that caused it.” She smiled friendly.

“Oh, it’s true that I have a weak bladder. That’s why I bring spare underwear. And I’ve more in my rucksack. But the other thing… I feel so embarrassed, I don’t know how come.” I sobbed.

“Cheer up now! I must hurry now, I’ve an appointment. But before I go I’ll show you where the toilets are.”

Before she left, she gave me a warm hug. “Take care now, dear!”

At the toilet I took off my pantyhose and panties and began to wash my thighs and pussy. As soon as I touched my pussy I felt aroused again. I couldn’t resist to caress myself and in a few seconds I got another orgasm. My knees weakened and I’d to sit down on the toilet seat. It felt so nice that I couldn’t leave it but began to fondle my stiff, erected clit, and very soon I got yet an orgasm! I hoped that there was no one outside, because I wasn’t exactly silent.

I put on panties and pantyhose and left the City Hall. I guess that not many girls have both wetted themselves and had an orgasm at the City Hall Park. At least not in front of a female social worker… And maybe even witnessed by some of the Japanese tourists… Perhaps I deserved a statue of me raised on the spot where it took place!

I walked the promenade alongside Riddarfjarden (which is a large bay of Lake Malar in the middle of Stockholm City). I looked at all the sailing boats and wished I were on board on one of them. It seemed so nice. I was still excited over the encounter with Cattis. In a way I also felt a bit disappointed. I wished, that it would have led to something more. I sat down on a bench, thinking of what to do next. I took out the full bottle of mineral water from the rucksack and had a couple of big gulps of water.

It was a nice place to rest for a while. I closed my eyes and faced the warming sun. I thought I would sit there for a while before I returned to my car for the ride home. I had some more gulps of water, and soon I’d emptied three quarters of the big bottle. The warmth of the sun made me drowsy, and I almost fell asleep. And maybe I did. I winced and looked up. Now I felt I had to pee again. Maybe I could do it sitting on the bench before I went to my car. I felt aroused again and my pussy began to tingle. I enjoyed that feeling so much. I looked up. On a bench opposite to mine sat a girl. She was quite cute, maybe about fifteen years old. I giggled, wondering about what she would think if I wetted myself in front of her. Well, there was only one way to find out, wasn’t it?

I started to give away all the signs of a girl getting very desperate to pee. I jammed my thighs together and squeezed them. I wriggled on the bench, and the movements got the girl to look at me. And I’d obviously caught her attention; she kept on looking at me. I put one hand in between my thighs and pressed it against my crotch. Oh, I got to be careful, it felt so exciting that I wasn’t far from coming. I stood up from the bench. I was really desperate by now and started to pee-dance on the spot. I had both my hands jammed in between my thighs, making my skirt ride up to my hips. I pretended to begin crying. It was surely convincing as the pain the desperation to pee caused forced tears to well out of my eyes. I sobbed:

“Shit! Shit! I’m going to wet myself! Oh, I can’t stop it!”

The girl stood up and took a step towards me.

“Some people are coming this way! Go behind the bushes over there!”

“I can’t!” I whimpered. “I can’t hold it if I walk.”

“Come on now! If you stay it’ll happen anyway!” She grabbed my left arm and dragged me away towards the bushes. Behind them I parted my legs and started to rub my pussy forcefully. I had my eyes fixed at the girl and I saw that she stared intensely at my pussy. She was unconsciously stroking one hand over her breast. At that moment I was so terribly aroused that there were no doubts in my mind that she was aroused too. I stepped up to her and kissed her. She was at first reluctant but I didn’t pay attention.

And she gave in and responded to my kisses. I hitched up her skirt and began to caress her pussy. I noticed that her panties were already damp. I took her right hand and placed it upon my pussy. She didn’t remove her hand, instead she began to stroke with circular movements. That did it. I came immediately in a huge orgasm. My knees almost weakened and I panted and moaned vehemently. My whole body quivered. And then the sluices opened. My pee forced its way through my panties and pantyhose, filled her hand and gushed on to the ground. Oh, it was heaven!

The girl kept on rubbing my pussy while I peed and came in repeated orgasms. And all the time I caressed her now very wet pussy. She started to rock and suddenly she too came. She groaned in to my mouth and her bottom rocked hard.

I began to giggle. I felt so content. My pee slowed down to just a trickle and some small and soft, very nice, orgasms were the last to come. I kissed the girl softly, but suddenly she drew back.

“No! No, no, no! I’m so sorry! I shouldn’t have… You’re just a kid, I‘m so sorry!” And then she turned around and ran away. Her skirt was still hitched up on her hips.

“Your skirt!” I yelled. “You got to pull down your skirt!” I continued: “And I’m not a kid! I’m…”

But she was long away. She didn’t even hear that about her skirt. I giggled. “Wonder when she’ll notice…?”

I went on to my car. I didn’t care to change my wet underwear. The wetness felt so nice. I put a towel, which was lying in the car on the seat before I sat down. My pussy was still tingling. Again it felt like it was filled with bubbling, tickling champagne. I put a hand on my crotch, but then I took it back. I didn’t want another orgasm now. My bubbling and tingling pussy felt so nice and comfy, and I wished to keep that feeling during my ride home.

*003*2013-02-11 00:36

Hi djj2k,

I've been trying to figure out what has led you to your conclusions. I don't think it would have made any difference whether a male or a female social worker had caught me masturbating in public. Well, there might be but not due to the gender of the social worker. An other social worker, female or male, would maybe report me to the social authorities, but not in any other way do me harm. Not in the specific capacity as a social worker (but, of course, even among social workers there can be crooks).

When I said "some guy", I meant a male person. You may think, that I'm biased, but I'm actually very much more afraid of the harm a guy could do to me, if he would caught me masturbating, than if a woman caught me. That isn't the same as that I believe that every man would be dangerous. But there are enough men out there, who may be potentially dangerous to a girl in that kind of situation. And most of them are very much stronger than I. I wouldn't say, that women never commit rapes, but as I know, far more men than women do it.

I must also point out that I'm very careful not to draw attention from any potentially aggressive men, which I use to mention in my stories.

Finally, I've been at three occasions attacked by young men, who considered the fact that I'm lesbian to be a great insult to their manhood. In all three occasions they were three or more guys, who attacked me. At first verbally and then physically. They had no other "excuse" for their behaviour than me being a lesbian, of which they had previous knowledge. I wasn't dressed or behaving in a provocative way. Not that the way a woman dress should make any difference. I was lucky all the times; they were interrupted by other guys, who intervened and made them to run as the cowards they were. I think those experiences are more than enough scary to justify my guardedness towards certain guys.

I like boys/men as much as I like girls/women. But I've to confess that I'd loved certain girls much more than I could love any boy (that's why I'm considered homosexual *giggle*). Does that make me biased? (This was only an attempt to a joke. Don't make anything of it!)

So, the conclusion of my story is that I seemingly demonize men and that "mainstream" may have brainwashed me together with most women. Yet, honestly, I don't have a clue what facts have led to that brilliant conclusion.

Finally, thankyou so much for the praise with which you began your comment! I appreciated it! :)

*008*2013-02-11 18:51

That was a very dishonest way of quoting from my story. You've chosen two parts from it and left out a considerable amount of text coming between those two parts without marking, that they were two seperate quotations. In that way you've given a false appearance of that the two quoted parts were connected with each other. The obvious purpose for that must be that you were hoping to strengthen your assertion that I "as a 19 year old were being sexually aggressive towards a girl whose age you estimated was 15." And I can see why you left out the part between your quotations.If you hadn't there would be no support for your assertion. The left out part shows that there was an ongoing development of what was happening between us, and that in no way the other girl felt threatened. Quite the opposite, she took an active part herself.

And to even further strengthen your assertion, you falsely state my age when my story took place to be "19 years old". I was at that time 18 y o, which is plain clear from the title of my story. I don't think that the possible difference in age between me and that girl indicates anything indecorous. Only a couple of months ago I was in a (short) relation with a girl, who was 15 y o. No one thought that to be strange. And when I was 15, I was in a relation with a girl, who was 28 y o. We even lived together off and on for four months until she moved to Canada.

Finally, I can only agree with what The Great Nobody says in his comment! Thankyou!!

*012*2013-02-11 22:59

{{:

Generally, I liked this story; it was very cute and sexy. The one thing that threw me off was the number of "orgasms" you apparently got while all this was going on, which I find a tad unrealistic...

}}

You've obviously not read the Background, which I mentioned in the beginning as an introduction to my story. I wrote that background just to avoid comments like yours. In it I'm telling about my bipolar disorder, and how it maybe is the cause to my oversexuality. I have it, I live with it. And if it's not getting worse, I enjoy it.

Having gotten that off my chest, I want to thankyou so much for your praise! :)

*014*2013-02-11 23:23

{{:

Sorry, no, I hadn't read that before I read the story. I didn't realise there was a medical condition responsible- perhaps I've just gotten used to my compulsively-lying friends and their stories about how "I got three orgasms just from him fingering me!" haha. Anyway, I apologise for my criticism and stand by my comments that your story was extremely sexy ;D

}}

Thankyou, thankyou so much for your understanding apology!! I see what you mean about the "I got three orgasms just from him fingering me!"-characters. I guess they're rather common. While on the other hand my condition isn't so commonly known, which leads people to not believe me. And I don't feel happy, when I'm not believed. Which is why I wrote the Background and will refer to it when I write about my own experiences.

And again: Thankyou for your praise!!

*019*2013-02-13 20:14

You obviously haven't read my comment to tengohombre's post.

And like tengohombre you're stating a false fact. Why do you call a 15 year old (probably even older) girl a "minor"? Is it an attempt to show me as a criminal? According to the law in Sweden she wasn't a minor, at least not in the sense that she hadn't the capacity to give consent to sex. And it's not an excuse if you're not familiar with Swedish laws. Before you throw a hint, that I did something that would be considered to be against the law, you should be careful and check the facts. And in this case the facts are, that nothing indicated, that she was a minor, and that she consented.

