Record-setting efforts being made ;)

Author: FetishGuru

*000*2014-09-27 16:32

So I haven't posted anything personally here recently - so I figured it was time to publically share something that's happened recently. I don't always have time to hold properly and really enjoy it – but when the opportunity presents it'self - I almost can't help myself! :D

So I may have mentioned in previous stories that if I visit my family - it's approximately a 4 hour drive from there to here; or vice versa. Which often leads to some memorable trips ;)

This evening was no different - although I wanted to set absolutely NO expectations for this one - just let it play out how it would. There are photos below of some of what all happened - enjoy!

Around half way through my trip home, I stopped to get out and walk around a bit - and while I was out of the car; I picked up two 20oz bottles of soda (I try to stay away from it lately!) - and I began working on the gallon of water that I always travel with. Got back in the car after picking up some snacks as well - and I actually was a bit sad that I wasn't more desperate than I normally was for that point of the trip. Pacing one's self during a LONG epic hold, especially one for volume can be the most difficult time....because we all want the payoff and the reward.... hehehe

I still had about 2.5 hours left to travel - and just began driving again, and listening to music, the normal driving routine - well; as the next 45 minutes progressed - my bladder, kidneys, and apparently my entire body sprang to life....and I could quickly feel the liquid all rushing south. I then set my one and only goal of the entire trip: "Make it home before I exploded" - I would try at ALL costs to do so. (Small goals, lol, the way to approach anything!)

With about an hour left of the trip I was getting into some serious trouble - my ever move could feel the tight, fullness across my lower stomach.....every bump in the road, and every left and right turn – as the weight of the car would shift it was almost like I could feel the load of pee shifting inside me left and right - lol!

With 45 minutes left - beyond serious was accurate....I knew if I didn't do something to lessen the pressure, pain, and constant waves of on-going need - I had NO chance of making it home. I unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans - and loosened my belt - and although it DID help immediately; I took that moment to gently press on my bladder. (When I'm coaching others to hold more, or attempt a volume hold - I often have them just gently press on their bladder so they can sense if it's honestly firm with fullness; or if what they are experiencing is just urgency to void.) I can assure you ALL, firm....swollen....and VERY, VERY bloated was the only words to describe my load of pee.

Here's the view ;)

I was beyond frantic at this point.....I knew I had very VERY little chance of making it home in time - and in all honesty, I was driving like an absolute idiot (which I DON'T ENCOURAGE at any point!) ....it was just this desperation and thinking "I can make it - if I JUST get there in time!" I should have been driving about 60-70 mph - but you can see; I was doing a bit more:

With about 22 minutes before I would arrive home - the leaking began and I realized I was out of time; I just wouldn't be able to make it home in time. I did plan ahead (ALWAYS plan ahead with the idea of holding and measuring - as when the time comes to blow - you just simply don't have time to mess about!)....and I pulled a large bucket that I often carry in the car; and placed it down between my legs in the car.....

I pulled the car into a closed road-side small restaurant - one where over the road truck drivers would pull off to eat and sleep for the evening. I threw the car to a stop quickly got out while leaking the whole time - and took ONE look around and didn't see anyone. I did manage to get to the other side of the car; away from the road and just exploded into the bucket. Full force I pissed as hard as I could - enjoying every second of the ages it took me to release.....and it was then I glanced over my right shoulder and noticed a CAMPFIRE.....20 meters from where I was wetting into this bucket. Apparently two truck drivers had decided to have a campfire for the night; and then were sitting there looking over in my direction kind of laughing.

Normally people would be beyond embarrassed at that point - but with the relief I was feeling - I didn't care.....I certainly couldn't stop wetting if I had to. I just released and released....for easily 2 minutes.....and as soon as I couldn't squeeze another drop out; I pulled myself together and quickly go back in the car. I did take careful measures NOT to spill the bucket - and drove the rest of the way home. AS SOON as I got home - no unpacking, no unloading the car....I absolutely HAD to know how much I had just pissed because it just took AGES to unload it. I got into my bathroom - obtained my one-liter measuring container.....and was VERY pleasantely surprised when I saw.....I had surpassed the 1-liter mark; and settled on a new record 1100 mls. ;) Enjoy!

So, although I didn't make it home.....it was certainly understandable just why I didn't ;)

The efforts to improve continue; - words of encouragement are always epic; and if you'd like to join me for a conversation some time - please feel free to message me here on the forum, and perhaps we could set up a Skype conversation some time.

Thanks for reading, and please feel free to comment!

*003*2014-09-28 21:52

{{: 

That was a courageous challenge, and you certainly did all you could to achieve it! I'm willing to bet that when you got home you soon peed another significant amount. When a bladder is stretched to the limit, you don't always void the entire contents at once, so you were probably holding more than 1100 mL.

}}

Another 550 mL approximately 45 minutes after getting home and unpacking a bit! I would have attempted to hold it- but there was just no strength down there left and I began to leak early! lol

