3 Times Today :)

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2014-04-22 22:24

Hey everyone, Today I have had a very naughty day haha :) I have always enjoyed re-wetting my self and today I thought I would have a play hehe :)

Anyway, I woke up at about 10am and went to the toilet as normal. I drank quite a lot in the morning and also drank tea which makes me need to go quite quickly. I had to visit the horses today so at about 12 I was set to head out.

By 12 I was already getting kinda desperate. I decided because I wasn't riding I was going to just wear my nice dark denim shorts and my wellies because its muddy. I left from my house in my shorts and with a t-shit on and hoody as well. I was already fairly desperate to pee as I walked to the horses. By the time I got there I was bursting to pee and just couldn't hold on any more. I squatted down and just pissed straight through my pink panties and dark denim shorts. It felt sooo nice to relieve my self and felt soo warm and wet :D When I had finished I looked at my self and there wasn't a very obvious patch but I decided to wrap my hoody around my waist anyway just in case haha.

I got home around 1:30 and changed my wellies for little ballet flats and then just decided to go and chill in the garden on the wooden chairs and just go on my laptop. I drank quite a lot including fruit juice and tea again haha :D my shorts were getting a little cold haha. By about 3 I needed to pee again :D so I just sat on the wooden frame chair and just started wetting. I didn't even think about it but I had my feet tucked under the chair and I felt it splash all over my feet. It felt so warm so I just carried on anyway and my little feet and shoes were soaked :P When I had finished I just stood up and wiggled my toes around in my warm wet shoes. It felt so nice and warm.

I went inside and got a few more drinks lined up and went back out with them again. I was sat for so long that my shorts started drying out and my little feet and shoes were dry by the time I was ready for my 3rd wetting :D I stood up for this wetting and just let it totally flood down my legs and soak my shoes and feet again :D It felt sooo nice again :D

Anyways after the 3rd wetting it started to get colder outside so I went in and just relaxed in the bath ;) if yo know what I mean.

Such a nice naughty day :D

Seeds xx

*003*2014-04-23 17:00

I am always casual about my wettings to be honest haha :) I don't really even have to think about trying to wet any more I can just turn on the flow whenever I want ;) its soo good how well trained my bladder is now :)

*008*2014-04-24 16:18

Whats stopping you from doing it? :(

*010*2014-04-24 16:47

I have a fair few pairs of shoes that are very cheap shoes haha :P I often just wash them in warm water after a wetting and let them dry outside haha. I often use old pairs of cheap shoes to be honest haha

*012*2014-04-24 16:54

Well like these for example :P http://www.jjbsports.com/donnay-lavagol-ladies-hi-top-trainers-279084?colcode=27908458

I would get something like that on stupid offers and wear them normally for a couple of weeks then soak them a few times over a couple of days, chuck them away and get new ones :) hehe

*014*2014-04-24 21:30

Yeah I love it when the weather is warm although my house is often nice and warm anyway :) and yeah cheap shoes on offer just wear them and then turn them into wetting shoes haha :)

