First attempt at a (semi) public wetting (update)

Author: Wetboxers

*000*2015-12-13 06:39

I'd written about this in a previous thread, but I wanted to share an update here (and with pics!).

Long story short, while I've been into wetting since probably around the age of ten, my experiments have always been limited to pyjamas, sweats, or boxers/underwear, and always private, save for one night when living in a small prairie town that I went out in the middle of a winter's night and pissed myself a bit on a bench just a short hop from where I lived. Well tonight I was going to change that. I had a holiday party to go to, after which I'd told myself I was going to try doing what I'd only briefly played around with before—using a long winter coat to hide evidence of a wetting. So the plan was I would leave the party having spent some time filling up, only to make my way home on foot until I was positively bursting. At that point, I would find a quiet, out of the way spot to make this attempt.

And I followed through with the plan. I left my friend's party about 11:30, having had probably a litre of water and without going to the washroom for about two hours (I have a tiny bladder, so that is significant—I was starting to ache). Anyway, I got off the subway a few stops away from my home—maybe an hour's walk—and proceeded to go until I couldn't any more, still drinking along the way. By the time I was ready to burst I was about a half hour from my place and found a nice, dimly lit park. Found a bench near the far end, away from any lights, and hiked my jacket out of the way and...

I couldn't go. Not at first anyway. I tried and tried but for a first time wetting in (semi) public I just couldn't get my bladder to cooperate. So I pushed hard as I could and, well, after a few minutes the dam broke. And suddenly there I was, sitting on a bench, my legs raised so it could not leak down below where the coat could hide, completely soaking my jeans.

Oh my word it felt nice. Until now I'd only just wet this amount in loose pyjamas, which cool off super quick (that wetting I told you about earlier was not this extensive). But this was my first time wetting jeans, and they were far more comfortable—unexpectedly so. And while the dam did break, I still had to push a bit and adjust myself to get over the mental hump of being in public and wetting myself. I was a bit nervous for having to walk home after, as I've always hated the feel of wet legs slapping against the skin, but they were snug enough that it just felt nice. And best of all, the coat hid everything. Which was great, as the path I had to walk home on was one of the busiest streets in the country, and very brightly lit. But if I felt someone was getting a little too close and might risk seeing something, I just ducked down a quiet neighbourhood street and continued on my way, with one or two attempts at spurting while walking.

And then of course, by the time I arrived home I had to go again, so after taking a few shots of the first wetting I lay in the tub and re-soaked the jeans I'm still wearing. I've never done a rewetting before—this is something I need to do more of in the future. Hopefully I won't destroy the pair of jeans I'm currently wearing—I'll be running them under the tap in the bathtub before throwing them in the hamper to hopefully lessen that chance... after, hopefully, one more wetting tonight.

So it was a night of firsts: first time wetting a large amount in public; first time walking home soaking wet and risking being seen; first time wetting in jeans; first time re-wetting (and re-re-wetting—I did just leak a bit while writing this). And most interestingly, the first time I've wet and truly enjoyed it for the relaxation and taboo nature of it, and not as a means of arousal. Now I just have to get past this clammy feeling crawling down my legs.

*003*2015-12-15 21:58

{{ 

Wow great post thank you so much, im pleased you enjoyed it!

Hope you get up to more adventures and post them :P

}}

Thanks! And I will at some point, likely not until the new year :D

