Hiding my wet pants in the laundry

Author: Barry

*000*2016-01-27 22:24

I usually do my own laundry. I like to keep it separate from the families stuff so I don't have to continually search for my stuff, plus of course it gives me more wetting options.

The other day I noticed that the washing machine was empty, and while I didn't have a full loads worth, I figured I could wash what I had. I was planning on going for a swim first, so I grabbed a towel and took the 5 minute walk to the beach. Of course I did indulge in some naughty wetting while there, but that's beside the point.

When I arrived back home perhaps 45 minutes later, I discovered my wife had put some laundry on in my absence. It was nearly done, so I just hung around outside in my still damp shorts and had a smoke while waiting for it to finish, then I hung it in the line.

I then went for a shower. I needed to pee again by this stage, and was planning on wetting my still-damp-from-swimming shorts in the shower. But as I sorted my laundry out, I came across my denim shorts in the pile. I quickly removed my swimming shorts, and put on my light grey briefs, denim shorts and white ankle socks.

I then stood in the shower and wet myself.

Sorry it's not more glamorous, but it was just a mundane wetting. Not accidental, no big build up or desperation, just one of those "seize the moment" wettings that you do because the opportunity arises. I didn't even give myself any pleasure. Just enjoyed the feeling of being naughty in my pants.

After I showered, I gathered up all my washing and headed to the laundry. The wife and all the kids were home, so I made sure my wet stuff was well covered. I dumped it in the machine with my obviously pissy shorts and briefs at the bottom, but then discovered we were out of detergent. After reporting this fact to my wife, she said she was going shopping shortly and would get some, and do the laundry for me when she got back.

Normally if I can't wash my wet pants straight away, I'll hide them in my wardrobe until I can. I didn't have a choice now. I couldn't very well just dig my shorts and briefs out again and take them away, so I had to go out knowing I'd left evidence of my "accident" sitting in the machine. I know it's extremely unlikely that anyone would find them, but it's not completely unusual for someone to remove some clothes so that they can add urgent work or school clothes to the load.

I had to leave soon after, and as far as I'm aware I got away with it. By the time I got home everything was on the line, so disaster averted.

*004*2016-01-28 22:44

{{ 

Such a qute story. I also like to enjoy my fetisch, even if it just as simple as your experience Barry.

But I have two questions for you:

- do your wife knows that you sometimes like to wet yourself?

- if no, why don't you tell her?

}}

I wish I had of told her years ago Helena.

We've been together 26 years, and many years ago I told her that I loved it when she wet herself, after she had an accident one night. She had a brief phase of slight incontinence for a while following the births of our children, and I told her how I actually found it very sexy. She accepted that I liked it, and would indulge me by telling me about her accidents, but she still found it very weird and didn't really like it much herself.

When we had "The Talk," she was visibly uncomfortable with it, and I foolishly stressed that I loved her real accidents, but wouldn't expect her to wet herself on purpose for me. That was one of my biggest mistakes ever. I was trying to sound as casual as possible, and we discussed how cute she looked to me if she had a real accident. But as she was so edgy about it, I stressed that accidental wetting was my thing and nothing more. I should've, but didn't, tell her how I like wetting my own pants, and should've mentioned diapers as well.

Since then I've asked her lots of times to wet herself while at the beach or pool, but she always reminds me that it's only accidents that I like. I did bring diapers up as an option once, but was flatly refused.

We are now in basically a loveless and sexless relationship. We've had sex once in the last 2 years, and have reall drifted apart. We don't hate each other, and are still quite close, but really just lead seperate lives now. We rarely even go anywhere together anymore. I truly believe if we were better off financially we would happily seperate, but we just can't afford to split up and go our own way.

Our youngest kids are 13/14, and I reckon when they're grown and gone we will part ways.

So while we don't actually have a sex life, I find it impossible to bring up the subject of my sexual fantasies and preferences to her. It's not going to accomplish anything, and will just make our situation even more uncomfortable.

*006*2016-01-30 21:59

{{ 

That is very sad Barry. It sounds like there are some significant communication issues in your relationship. I'm guessing these issues extend beyond just kinky matters, because if you otherwise have good communication with her it seems odd that the subject of kinks would be so hard to talk about.

I get that it is a tough situation, but have you thought about seeing a counselor or someone with her? As I'm sure you know, your kids are learning from your examples. You and your wife are providing a model for them as to how adult relationships work. If you and your wife cannot effectively communicate and are effectively leading separate lives, only staying together for financial reasons, what are your children learning from that?

I say this as someone who grew up watching my parents make a dysfunctional relationship work, then when on to suffer through two long term dysfunctional relationships of my own. The hypothesis I developed as a teenager for what was wrong with my parents relationship was incorrect. Trying to apply this wisdom as an adult getting into my first real relationships only led to much suffering on my part

The example you set for your kids when things aren't going great and you aren't getting along with your wife is just as important as the example you set when things are going well. I firmly believe I would have been much happier in my twenties if I had some clue how to function as an adult in a relationship. Unfortunately, this is not something that I was able to learn from my parents.

}}

We don't have a dysfunctional relationship. We actually rarely argue, and function OK as a couple. We all eat dinner every night as a family, and manage to get the bills paid and keep the kids happy. We just don't enjoy the same things anymore.

Over the years our interests have changed I guess. We just don't enjoy the same things together, and I'm not just talking about sex. We don't like the same foods, movies, shows, sports or entertainment. When I say we lead seperate lives, I'm not referring to sexual partners, just the mundane stuff that most couples do. I'm a member of a sports club, and she has no interest in that at all. We work at jobs with conflicting schedules, so often she's going to bed much later than I am, and I'm leaving much earlier than her.

I usually come home from work or the club, eat dinner, catch up with what everyone is doing, then I'll go to our room and read or watch TV, while she sits in the lounge room and does her stuff. We really don't talk a lot about anything at all that isn't necessary. There's no communication from either of us if it isn't really necessary.

And strangely enough I'm ok with that. I still love her in my own way I guess, but I just don't care that much anymore. We have discussed it before, and basically agreed that we were only together for financial reasons. If we could afford to separate we would, but we would certainly stay friends. As for counselling, I'm afraid that we would want to change for it to be effective, and I don't think either of us want to.

It's not ideal, but it's what we have. Just gotta make it work. A lot of people seem to think that they have an automatic right to be happy. I actually don't. I'm not UNhappy as such, but things could be better for sure. The sexual side of things could be better for sure, but at least I've got an outlet with sites like this to explore my interests with.

