My first recollection....

Author: FV_OCHO

*000*2012-05-17 01:36

Hey everyone,

I'm Frank, new to the forums. I posted a little about me here, take a read if you feel like it:

$$/6127-hey-everybody/

Anyways, when I signed up I was thinking about all the wetting sightings I've seen or been apart of (which isn't a lot, but I've had my fair share) and I decided to make my first real post in the forum about my first real wetting sighting, hope you guys like it.

I was in pre-school at the time, only 4 or 5 years old. And even back then I knew I liked to see girls have accidents, I didn't know why at the time I just knew I did. A few of the kids in the class were still potty training and in pull-ups and one was still in full time diapers. But there was this girl who had must of just graduated potty training because she was marching around one day yelling at the top of her lungs that she was wearing "big girl panties" and that she didn't have to wear a diaper anymore. Me and her played around during recess and she had made the announcement that she had to go to the bathroom. I, being 5 and not all that sly, basically just told her to go in her pants to which she was grossed out and said no while she ran off to the bathroom. There was a few more incidents like that where I would get denied by her but she always would come back and play with me. 

So after several failed attempts we were playing in the jungle gym on the playground and she brought up how she had to go again. This time I just told her to hold it until recess was over so we could keep playing. She told me she didn't think she could wait that long, but I ended up convincing her to wait. We were playing hide and seek with a few other kids and she was doing the potty dance holding herself but she didn't go inside. Eventually it was to much for her and she started whimpering and whispered "uh-oh" to me. We both looked down at her shorts and she was flooding them. She finished peeing, started crying and ran inside. She got put into pull ups but luckily she never told the teacher that I asked her to hold it so I never got in trouble. But that was the last time she ever talked to me, from then on she would only ever give me dirty looks and avoid me at all costs. But, in the end, I think it was worth it.

*003*2012-05-18 03:19

Yeah, this is the earliest wetting incident I can recall. I gave it alot of thought before I figured that was the first one. But yeah, I've had a few sightings and such, I'll post them as I go

