Holding contest... which I lost

Author: lifeisbutapee

*000*2012-12-07 17:38

Right, this is a personal experience of mine which happened a few months ago. It was very fun and very exciting, so I thought I'd share it with you all lol

Me and my friend were going on holiday to the south of France, and we were driving in seperate cars because we wanted to be able to have our cars when we got to France in case we wanted to do our own thing when we got there. We were driving, initially, from London to Dover, so quite a long drive.

My friend, lets call her Lucy, and I are both into desperation and wetting, and so decided that seeing as the drive would otherwise be boring and tedious, to liven things up a bit with a holding contest!!

We picked the route with the least amount of service stations, so as not to be tempting, and drank a whole load of coffee and coke before we set off (with plenty of bottles of water for the long journey).

About an hour into the journey, I got that urge that lets you know that soon your bladder is gonna get very full, but decided to ignore it for a while because I knew I still had a very long way to go.

But pretty soon into the journey ignoring it started to become kind of difficult. I would say I was like a 5. I placed a hand on my bladder and was reassured to find that there was hardly a threatening buldge...yet!

Shortly after, a text popped up on my phone from Lucy, saying 'drink?'. By the way, don't worry there was a short queue we were in she wasn't texting while driving :p

Together we took a bottle and, reluctantly, downed it. Just minutes later and I began to seriously feel all the liquid in my bladder.

Every now and then I had to squeeze my thighs together to take the edge off the urge to pee.

I drove for about half an hour like that, until it was time to drink again. I took it in gulps and practially watched my bladder getting fuller.

Another ten minutes and I wasn't so much squeezing my thighs to take the edge off, but literally to stop myself from peeing. I was really very desperate. I would say I was about a 7. I decided to re-assess my need to pee by placing a tentative hand on my bladder, revealing a smooth, full buldge that showed my just how full I was!!

It wasn't the fullest I have ever been, so I decided to to worry and just enjoy the amazing feeling of being desperate with nowhere to go!

I kept driving, bouncing up and down in my seat and rocking form side to side. Every bounce put quite a bit of pressure on my bladder, but it also stopped me from dribbling so that was the most important thing :)

I kept drinking in sections, and pretty soon I was about a 9. My bladder was so full I could constantly feel the overwhelming urge and I had to focus all my attention on my muscles to hold it in. I was so determined not to lose the contest.

Another ten minutes past and I had to undo my jeans to take the pressure off my bladder. Doing this revealed a much much larger buldge than I had anticipated. I was actually surprised that it had got so very full without me even having to hold myself with my hand yet. But just thinking that gave a jolt in my bladder and my need got significantly worse. :s

I had to pee SO badly. For the first time I seriously started to doubt if I would make it! Now we were only about 15 minutes away, but my bladder was so incredibly full.

The most awful thing was that I couldn't hold myself or cross my legs because I needed both hands an feet for driving. I started to breath deeply trying not to panic.

About 15 minutes later we more or less had arrived, but it was one of those ferry port systems where you have to queue up in your car for AGES until you are allowed to go into the service station and then finally onto the ferry! Well, I made it to the port, but I was very doubtful that I could make it to the station and to the much needed bathroom.

We stopped in one of the queues and I was finally able to hold myself and cross my legs in an attempt to hold my pee. I gave me little but at least some relief.

Another 5 minutes past and we were so close to the paying kiosk thingy but I was just dying to pee. I was really tightly holding my pee in with my hand.

Then, we had to move forwards in the queue and I had to take my hand away in order to change gear. A long, violent spurt came out and I very nearly didn't regain control. A smal wet patch appeared, but nothing big enough to see unless you were looking closely.

It actually took the edge off my urge to pee. So when the urge built back up I let out a squirt again.I did this four times until on the fourth time it was a lot harder to stop the flow and I knew if i did it again I wouldn't be able to stop.

After another 5 minutes of waiting I accidentally I let a violent squirt and this time I could barely stop myself peeing. I crossed my legs and tightly squeezed the pee in with both hands. But it hardly worked.

My crotch throbbed so much from the desperate urge to pee and on every throb a small bit of pee leaked out. The throbs were so constant I pretty much was peeing myself but only a tiny bit at a time.

We had to move again, this time it was my turn in the queue, but by this time a base-ball sized wet patch was already visible. In order to give the woman the correct money, and my passport, I had to take my hand away and even stand up a little in my car to reach the kiosk window.

And that's when it happened. This transaction was far too much for my bladder to cope with and I started a strong flow of pee which I absolutely couldn't stop.

It turned me on alot to be wetting my tight jeans in front of a total stranger!!! I orgasmed there and then, combined with still peeing for a good minute and a half. :D

It felt amazing. When we reached the parking area, I shamefully got out and showed Lucy my soaked jeans. But as she got out too I noticed she had a very firm hand to her crotch. Whe she turned round to close her car door I saw her wet patch. The wet patch slowely grew in front of me, until all of a sudden Lucy's flood gates opened and she too had soaked jeans!!! Together we shamelessly walked into the station toilets and changed into dry clothes x:)

*005*2012-12-10 16:13

Glad you liked it x We went to Montpellier...it was lovely :)

