Mistaken A Diet Pill For A Diuretic

Author: theblackman24

*000*2012-12-19 07:46

Recently I been taking some weight loss supplement to help me lose weight while I diet. The supplement increases urine output, but not by much. I've taken them before and I barely had to pee anymore then normal. This time was different, I was peeing way more then normally. It was making me pee every hour with one pill and the recommended does is two pills. When i started work I took one pill and it made me pee pretty frequently.This was kind of a hassle because I have a driving job, I almost wet my pants twice that day. By the end of my workday I took two pills and drunk some water. I parked my truck and got my stuff ready to go home. I saw some co-workers and talked to them for a good 30 minutes before I started to drive home.

When I was driving home I could feel my bladder filling up rapidly. I was wondering why bladder was filling up so fast, I taken the supplement last year and I didn't have pee nearly as much last time. I get on the freeway to try to make it home since I only live 20 minutes away. It was around 9pm so their wasn't any traffic. My bladder was filling up so rapidly it felt like someone was pouring water into it. I reached the exit and my bladder was absolutely bursting, I wasn't sure if I was going to make it home without peeing my work pants. I started driving to my house which was five minutes away. I was stopped at a red light and I saw a store that has a bathroom.

I went to the store and when I stood up out of the car I felt a small jet of pee shoot into my boxers. I walk into the store trying not to look desperate and I went towards the bathroom. When i got their the bathroom door was locked, I knocked and someone was in there. I was doing the pee pee dance to try to prevent myself from going into my pants. A second later another jet of pee came out, but I stopped it. I was so desperate that I asked the person how much longer and they said, its going to be a minute. I knew this person was taking a dump which could take forever. All of a sudden another jet of pee started to shoot out, It took me almost 5 or 6 seconds to stop it. I looked down and I could see a pee patch extend all the way down to my left pants leg with a small puddle on the floor.

I decided to leave the store as quickly as I could. I could hear laughter in the background, but I didn't care for it because I peed myself enough times around people that I'm use to there responses. Only thing i cared about was finding a spot to pee without messing up my work pants even more. Before I could leave the store My bladder started to release more pee. I to stop my pee by walking a lot faster, but that didn't work at all. I was uncontrollably peeing my pants while i was walking back to my car. When I did get to my car my pants were soaked so i got in the car and drove home. When I got home I put my cloth in the washing machine and took a shower. 

When I got out the shower I went to go look at the diet pills and it turns out I got the wrong type of supplement. I realized that I bought a diuretic which explained the frequent urination and my accident. The diuretic and the weight loss supplement that I buy are made by the same company and have and Identical box. I must have put the diuretic in my shopping bag by mistake. I read the directions and it said take one pill daily. That day I probably took about 5 throughout the entire day. My bladder was sore at the end of the day from what happened earlier.

I threw the diuretics in the trash and got ready for bed. I peed about 4 times before I actually feel asleep. A few hours later I woke up to an overwhelming urge to pee so I got up and rushed to the bathroom. As I was walking down my hall all of a sudden my bladder contracted hard and I froze. I was trying to control my pee, but I knew I had a second left before I peed into my sweat pants. I pulled and took my penis out and all of a sudden a jet of pee started shooting out of me uncontrollably. I peed all over my rug trying to stop the flow and keeping the pee flowing in one spot. When I was able to stop it my rug was ruined so I put in the trash after I went to the toilet. I was so tired I got into my bed and fell asleep almost instantly.

A few hours later..

I was sound asleep and all of a sudden something woke me up. I quickly realized that I was wetting the bed. I quickly jumped out of bed and realized that my bladder was completely empty. I looked at the damage and my bed was completely soaked, my sheets and blanket were soaked and my back was soaked. After that whole ordeal, I thought to myself... well this is a load of pee lol.

*006*2013-01-15 09:01

Here the link for the diuretic, there is a weight loss supplement that looks just like it, thats why I picked it up by accident and had an accident. lol dont take it if your going to have a busy day, its a promis you will wet yourself lol.

Xpel Diuretic, Drug-Free, Maximum Strength, Tablets 20 tablets http://www.riteaidonlinestore.com/Diuretic-Drug-Free-Maximum-Strength-Tablets/dp/B006RJRDVM

