Omo in real life!

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-12-23 21:23

Hello everyone!

So, I've met many awesome people on here, a few I talk to frequently on and off the site and have made some good friendships, but if you follow my stories you know that user homeanddry and I talk often about everything, with our mutual interest in omo being great but not a huge part of our friendship.

This grew to the point where we met up, and so we did.

I was nervous and left early for my train to meet him in the station, I would have left at 9:45am to meet him off the 10:50 ish train, then we just walked and talked for ages.

It was rainy and windy and I kept feeling a slight need to pee but I wanted to try and last a while! He said he had 5 cups and showed no signs of complaining.

However at about 12ish I started complaining outloud about my need and he admitted it too. He didn't show many outward signs but I could hear it in his voice. It was crazy to be in real life with someone talking about omo but it was amazing at the same time. By 1 we were both pretty desperate and made our way to get something to eat. The place was packed and we decided to head out but homeanddry suggested we use the bathrooms there first. I was pretty thankful for that!

As we were heading out some seats became free and we stayed their chatting for ages and drinking sugary beverages. This became problematic for me quite quickly and I was fidgeting a lot bouncing my legs squeezing my hands between my thighs under the table and stuff, not sure he noticed really, but I was also vocal about it from time to time. By 3pm we were going to order and I told him to be quick because I wasn't sure I could hold on very long. He went up to order and I went on my phone when he came up behind me and scared the life out of me causing me to jump a mile into the air.

He forgot to ask me what drink I wanted but i nearly lost the contents of my bladder right then!

Anyway when he came back it took me all of two minutes to give in and go to the bathroom. Once I was safely in the stall my zip was stuck and I was hopping about crossing and uncrossing my legs.

When we finished eating it had stopped raining mostly so we went to walk about a bit more and soon we were chatting sat on a bench. I had to go again quite soon and was trying to sit still but homeanddry raised his eyebrows at me so I admitted the problem, I told him I could wait until we went back to the train station. He called his wife and talked about what train he would be getting whilst I struggled and was bouncing and shuffling quite badly and had one hand pretty close to my crotch, as close as I dared in public. His eyes kept darting from my hands to my face whilst he was on the phone haha. He suggested we go down to the station early so we started walking but I had to go too badly to keep up! It was a slow and painful walk to the station and when I got there I had to buy a train ticket to go and see my boyfriend, I had to go so badly I couldn't pay attention to the screen and kept pressing the wrong buttons so homeanddry did it for me!

Then i had to run pretty much, left him with all my stuff and went into the gross public toilets but there was two stalls with one out of order and a girl got in before me! I had to stand bent over and cross legged whilst I waited and then had an extremely relieving pee!

Anyway that's the end of the omo adventures but it was amazing to share it with someone in real life!

Thank you for reading

EQ x

