A Little Desperation

Author: PuppyDog230

*000*2016-01-26 21:19

So this was a little bit of desperation I witnessed today, and I considered myself to be quite lucky I witnessed it in the first place.

In my Nutrition/Wellness class, my group was assigned to do this certain project pertaining to the digestive system and healthy foods to eat. I am the only upperclassmen in my group, the other three girls are underclassmen, in 10th grade. We went out into the hallway to do this project, and we were the only ones out in the hall except for occasional passerby and another group full of boys.

This one girl in my group, about 15-16, wasn't doing anything except drinking water and talking about her family and her awesome birthday party she had this weekend. The cup she was drinking from was pretty big, I'd say it gave her about two cups worth, and she emptied it twice, so that's about four cups of water. She has long wavy blonde hair to her chest, blue eyes, and an extremely slim, slender body, without much evidence of a chest or hips. She was wearing black leggings and a white hoodie today.

Nothing much really happened for much of the time, we just worked on the project and she was drinking water, and had already drunk her second cup of water and had been to the bathroom once before class started. In the middle of class, she joked that she drank all that water and already been to the bathroom once and didn't want to go again. She pulled herself up to a squatting position and started fidgeting and squirming around, her knees nearly knocking into each other.

She remained this way for a few seconds, probably about twenty or so, before complaining that she had to pee really badly and ran off to tell our teacher she was going to the bathroom. Naturally, she let the girl go, but the girl came back over to our group, still fidgeting, to encourage our progress so we can win the prize for best project. After she said that, she suddenly announced: "I really have to pee you guys, I have to pee so bad!" Then she took off running to the bathroom in a weird waddling way, with her legs partially crossed.

She came back two minutes later, looking a whole lot better and focused on our project for the remainder of the time.

Again, not too much, but I considered it interesting enough to share and fun to witness, but of course I was the only person in the hall who really paid mind to it.... ;)

