A Sexy Time

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2011-06-06 01:20

Well, I finished, and I assume you guys want a story, yes?

Here's an earlier story of mine if you're interested:

$/1582-last-year-i/

###

My parents were out today because they were shopping for clothes and I had a science project that I have to finish.

So I wait for a few minutes after they leave, just in case if they decide to come back.

Once I make sure the coast is clear, I get up and begin drinking about 20 oz of water every 30 minutes.

I picked out a pair of purple panties (Which you'll see below) and black jogging pants with red lines on the sides. I also wore a matching purple bra ^_^

Well, it turns out that it only took about two hours for me to become desperate, and during this time, I was working on my project to keep my mind off my bladder. Also keep in mind that I haven't gone to the toilet in the morning and I had plenty to drink last night, so the pressure was already building up quite nicely... :>

It's actually a simple project. I just make up data, write reports, and slap everything on the board. Nothing difficult.

But soon after, I was soo desperate, and, fearing that my parents might arrive home soon, I decide to empty myself in the bathtub~

I refilled my cup about three times before I got to this point...

And again, I peed for a good long while which seemed like eternity...

Warm streams began running down my legs, and a small stream was flowing in a straight line from my womanhood to the bottom of the tub, making a cute small puddle~ I was standing up and then I quickly kneeled down and let my urine soak the back of my legs and my butt...

I stopped for a moment...

I sat on my butt and raised my legs upwards and I released again, this time soaking my entire bottom and making a puddle right under my crotch in the bathtub... It felt so good to have warmth everywhere and I continued going until every single last drop came out...

I instantly orgasmed and laid there for a while, since I was already lying on my back on the bottom of the tub... My back became a little wet and so did my bra. I wore nothing else, since I didn't want to have to clean up so much after...

But soon after, I felt the desire to pee again, and I repeated myself~ This time I squatted down a bit, legs apart, and completely soaked my legs~

A bit more of this and reached my climax again...

My pants quickly dried up, though, and I couldn't see much of a wet spot because they're black, you see...

###

I started to have ideas about jogging and suddenly having to use the toilet... But since my pants wouldn't show a wet spot, then maybe I could just pee and nobody would notice..

Such a naughty thought, and I wonder if I should ever try it.. ^_~

My pants would be dry anyway in a couple of minutes, so it should be fine...

###

I stepped from the bathtub and walked in front of a mirror, and started to rub myself for a moment...

My panty lines were showing and I peed myself one last time and finished up in front of the mirror.

It was quite the experience, and well, after that, I just showered quickly and took a small nap...

Here's a picture of my panties right after I finished~ <3

*Warning, image is huge. 3000 x 2250 | 850~ KB

- Maria-Sanza

*012*2011-06-08 03:50

{{:

Great story. Three orgasms that close together? Sounds like loads of fun to me! And major props for posting a pic of the panties - they look absolutely soaked!

}}

Hee hee~ I came about 6 or 7 times that day... Now I'm taking a break and I haven't done anything since then. I don't want to be too rough with myself, you know.

{{:

Sexy. Wish I could see the picture. Purple's my favourite colour.

}}

Can't see the image? Your Javascript must be turned off or you're using an unsupported browser~ :V

*023*2012-03-08 18:16

{{:

I really wish that I could see the pictures too.

}}

Make a few more posts, and then come back :)

You'll be able to see it.

