Airport Desperation

Author: golfer4567

*000*2013-08-07 12:41

True unplanned incident before i was into wetting that happened to me (also my first post in this hope yall enjoy)

So my friends and i always went to Colorado every spring break to go skiing. On the last day there we went out to the slopes to get some last minute skiing in, and stop by thisreally good restaurant on the slopes. While there I had a water and a hot chocolate then proceeded to go back to the cabin to get our stuff and head to the airport.So we got our things and packed into the car and headed out. Stupid me forgot to use the toilet before the 2-230 drive from the mountains to denver. About 20 minutes into the drive i felt my bladder starting to fill up but it wasnt a big deal and thought id be able to manage to get there just fine.

So i continued to talk with my friends for the next 30-40 minutes until my bladder really started to give me some problems. Let me back track and tell ya what i was wearing, I had on boxer briefs, a long shirt and sweat shirt, and some dark jeans. so anyways, I am desperate with about an hour and half left in the trip and i begin to wonder if I will be able to hold it, and there really are no places to stop when driving down the mountains. So i toughen up and tell myself I have to make it to the airport. 30 mins pass and i begin to get super desperate, but no one knows I have to go this bad. I am at the point where i can feel it almost at the tip of my dick and im discreetly holding the tip with one hand while trying to act normal. I manage to make it to the airport with minor spasms, but as soon as we pull up to the gate i get a horrible one and feel a small spurt into my boxers.

I look down and there is no damage but i know i dont have much time. I get out and try and find the nearest bathroom in the airport, which isnt too far cause baggage claim is right when you walk in. As i walk into the baggage area i feel another spurt relsease but i still have control...i can feel the warmth all around my dick and starting to go to my thighs. This is when i begin to panic so i start fast walking to the bathroom. I get there.........and they were closed for cleaning.

Another spurt comes out...then another i cant hold it at this point anymore its a very very slow leak into my pants. I have only so many options at this point, run into womens bathroom, have an accident while looking for another bathroom or go into the one being cleaned. As i am slowly leaking and losing control i see a spot begin to form so i choose to use the occupied bathroom. Each step i ake towards that bathroom i can feel my muscles weakening and the stream picking up force. I gather the last of my strength to stem the flow to a dribble and run in there. I get my pants down but not my boxers before i let out a massive spurt. fortunately i was able to make it, with horrible damage done to my boxers, but minimal to my jeans and because they were dark it wasnt so bad. After that incident i always used the toilet before a road trip.

