A Couple Bed-Wetting Experiences

Author: missdesperate

*000*2015-07-06 17:08

Up until I was 13 or 14 I had to wear diapers during the night or otherwise I would usually wet the bed. Eventually came the time where I figured I was way too old for this and decided to go without, resulting in a couple mornings of waking up in soaked sheets, but after that my bladder seemed to get used to it and I pretty much stayed dry. I've had a couple more bed-wetting incidents since then and thought I would share. (:

One night after a hold, I thought I was positive my bladder was done filling up for the night and promptly headed to bed since I was exhausted. I was wearing these black, grey and pink plaid pajama shorts which were a bit tight for just something to sleep in. The next morning I woke up and they were COMPLETELY soaked from front to back. Even a little bit of my shirt was wet, too! My bed had a very sizable wet spot and it felt like it had just happened as my shorts were practically sticking to me with how wet the were.

Another time, I had been drinking a good amount of wine and failed to use the bathroom before I went to bed. I ended up dreaming that I really, really needed a wee. In the dream I was searching frantically for a bathroom and I got to a hallway where there were endless doors, all saying 'Restrooms,' but they were all locked! I hobbled down the hallway trying each and every door before I eventually started gushing into my panties. At this same point in the dream, I recall that the feeling of the warmth and wetness spreading between my legs felt all too real and it caused me to jerk awake. I was peeing full-force into my sweatpants. 

The front was already completely soaked and I was still gushing. I tried to stop but couldn't, finishing there, the large wet spot expanding beneath me. Not to mention my boyfriend at the time had been sleeping right next to me! I could see that the stain had spread underneath him. With my struggling movements he had woken up and I ended up telling him what happened. I was a bit embarrassed, seeing as how I had never wet the bed while sleeping next to someone before, but he just teased me playfully, not really bothered about my accident. It wasn't much of a surprise seeing as how much I had been drinking!

