What brought me here

Author: Anti-SJW (211)

*000*2012-08-09 02:11

I've only been to one actual 'party', though it wasn't a big one. Just a bit of an invitation to one of Revianne's friends' parties, one which was supposed to be for the end of the school year or whatever. Revianne, or Revy, was a friend of mine until the end of May. She is a little taller than myself { This was because she always wore high heels }, has shoulder-length black hair, and always looks very nice. She was, and still is, dating a girl named Alexa, whom I had first met there. She is shorter, has blonde hair which reaches about halfway down her back, and is also quite beautiful. She seems a nicer person than Revianne as well, though I never said that out loud.

At this point, I had no idea what omorashi was, I didn't know the word, or that there was any sort of fetish about it. Though, I knew what a bulging bladder was, and what it meant, because Revy had visited me at my home several times, and she has an issue using other peoples' toilets - also likes to drink a lot of water and juice { I'm sure most of the times she left my place were because she needed the restroom very badly, as she had never stayed late }, it wasn't hard to put two and two together when you know how people act when they need to pee.

So I decided I would go, only to meet Revy's girlfriend, because it was somewhat of a special occasion and she wanted to meet me as well. I showed up, and we seemed to talk for hours. What started as a conversation about Stargate { Which I know little about } ended up as what may or may not me in a fictional version of Area 51. Throughout the night they went through a lot of drinks, Revy enjoyed mostly water, and Alexa was into the soda and fruit punch. It was all going smooth, I didn't suspect much, even when I saw Alexa squirming around, I figured it had to do with the very odd selections of music they played. After a while, Revy said she had to pee, but she didn't really do anything about it. Right after she said it, she took a sip of her water.

We talked for another while, I was definitely lost in time, as I was having a great time with it. Soon, though, Alexa got up and frantically joined the queue, she looked like she could barely hold on. It was perhaps the first time I had ever seen a desperation dance, and she looked absolutely afraid that she wouldn't make it. I kept looking over at her, I wasn't sure what I was feeling at the time, I wasn't too familiar with the moves she was making, but I liked the thought of it. Revy seemed a little squirmy as well, but I payed little attention to her, unfortunately. After a short time, Alexa, who was still waiting in the line, let out a gasp of sorts, and her light blue jeans began to wet a little. At first, it was just quite an obvious, yet sort of small wet patch.

She held herself and struggled again for a minute or less, and again lost all control. She started to wet again, I could slightly hear the noise over the song which was playing { Loud enough to really irritate me for some reason I still don't know... } and her jeans were quickly becoming more and more wet. It seemed like she went on for an eternity, though maybe that was just my mind taking it all in. All eyes were focused on her, some people seemed to be laughing, so I wasn't singled out or anything, but I saw in great detail the entire incident. The large puddle in the carpet was definitely noticeable, the fabric had completely changed from a light pink to a very dark pink.

I noticed that my heartbeat was a little quick, and I heard Alexa crying. Revy immediately rushed to her side and guided her out of the building. While Revy was doing so, one could easily see that her lower abdomen was distended, it definitely wasn't the normal look for her, as her stomach is usually quite on the flatter side { If that's the right way to put it }. Anyway, it was obvious. And I knew that I had seen it before, and I was sure that Alexa's abdomen was distended somewhat before she had her accident.

Later that week, I went to my trusted site, Wikipedia. I learned about the word Urolagnia, and not long after, Omorashi. I thought about it for a moment, read a little on Wikipedia, then thinking I could find more, I typed 'Omorashi' in the Google search bar, and here I was, at this site, conveniently shortly after I became eighteen.

I had thought about the accident many times after that, and remembered some past experiences, there were more than just that. Though, that's for another day.

Cheers!

Norton

