Jeans Wetting And Masturbation

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-02-02 22:21

Preface: I actually wrote this a long time ago, but recently found it on my computer. I am posting it because it shows how I get off after wetting my pants.

I can not enjoy sex , even masturbating when I need to pee , because of the discomfort of a full bladder and pee fullness in my dick. This is strange because I enjoy that feeling sexually. So normally I enjoy pee play such as wetting my jeans , and then go and pleasure myself . Recently I accidentally stumbled upon a new experience that changed everything . It helped that I was quite aroused to begin with .

I had been holding my pee for hours planning to slowly wet my jeans in spurts as I couldn’t hold it in any longer . I was holding myself and crossing my legs with my dick pressed between my legs to stanch the flow as the sharp pressure of my pee is about to come out feeling pressed against my pee hole. My over filled bladder was pressing against my pants . I felt a small stream escape causing a wet spot in my white briefs.

I shifted my position but in doing so let out a hard spurt that soaked through my briefs and caused a large wet spot in the front of my jeans in the area sounding my fly . I grabbed my dick hard with my hand but a minute or so later another spurt escaped that went my pants down into my crouch . That was followed by a slow leak that started a wet line going down my legs. I was loosing control and tried to hold on but me pee just kept coming out until the wetness reached the bottom of my leg . I finished up letting go with my hand in my pants giving my hand a pee shower .

Since I had really held it to my bladders full capacity it was stretched but after my long pee it quickly contracted back to a more normal size , and I needed to pee again , not desperate , just a normal need to go . I decided to just let it out. Again reaching inside my pants a maneuvered my cock so that I would wet parts of my pants that were still dry . The stream of hot pee on my hand as I touched myself produced an instant semi erection , which I massaged because it felt so erotic . My flow stopped but I was feeling to good to stop massaging my member and I rapidly had a full erection bulging to get out of my pants . I loosened my pants and zipper to give me some room to work . I founded the pee soaking wetness of my cock produced an excellent lubricant for the job at hand . Having no one to share my experience with I closed my eyes and imagined the scenario happening again but with a lady present .

She was holding my pee by pressing her hand against my cock . I leaked a big spurt of pee soaking the front of may pants . She smiled and said “You bad boy you wet your pants ! She followed the stream down resting her hand for a moment on my crotch getting her hand soaked as pee leaked out of my jeans then , she let her hand drift down my leg following the growing wetness . Next She slid her hand into my pants catching my pee on her hand until I finished . Then she started stroking me … She rubbed my rock hard cock faster and faster. Then pulled down my briefs in the front and stuck her face down there taking in a deep breath absorbing the smell of my fresh pee. Then she took me in her mouth until I shot my load.

In reality By this time I was rubbing my dick furiously . It was rock hard and hot, and a new pressure was building up . Oh yea this feels great . My cock was throbbing and I could feel cum working it’s way up the shaft . I couldn’t stop it any longer . I had a great orgasm and I shot my load into my pants , hot cum mixing with pee in my briefs.

