First time my ex wet for me

Author: xoomer1234

*000*2013-10-06 17:17

I've told all my girlfriends about my fetish soon or later and during our relationships everyone of them wet for me. Mostly of them just did it for me once in a while, but I was with a girl, when I was 19 (she was same age) that actually enjoyed it and we indulged in many wetting plays.

The first time she wet for me was after 4 month in our relationship. I'd already told her about it, but we never did anything yet.

We had the house all for ourself for a couple of days, so she came to my place. She was a tall (1.75m) and skinny, long red hair, dressed with jeans and a simple shirt.

After we had sex the first time, we were in bed talking and the "fetish argument" was started by her, telling me that after I told her about it, she surfed the web looking for it and she was willing to try.

I was a little bit shocked that she even looked up for it on the internet, but I was getting really aroused by what she suggested: she brought a spare pair of hotpants (jeans) and wanted to go to the bathtub to see what was like peeing herself. She told me that she was quite desperate before even coming to my place but she forgot about it while we were having sex and now was bursting.

2 sidenotes:

1) It was not the first time I hear her saying that she needed to pee and then forgot it just to suddenly realize that she was bursting (leading to a public accident one time... another story)

2) we had sex with her on a near-full bladder (being into pee holding aswell as wetting I got super-aroused)

So, we headed to the bathtub and she had some trouble letting it go.

She tried a couple of time and little wet patch started to form between her legs, but she couldn't let her floodgates open completely. I was watching this scene without even believing that it was happening and when I saw her having some trouble I joined her in the bathtub, kissed her deeply while rubbing her pussy over the hotpants. In some seconds the floodgates opened completely and I was like in heaven.

The first thing I noticed was the wetness on my hand and then I started hearing the drops of pee slowly increasing in strenght while I was still kissing her and in the meantime having the fantasy meet the reality.

After 30 seconds the flow stopped and we headed to the bed.

After the sex she told me "I actually enjoyed it pretty much, we should do that more often".

Luckly we did, but the relationship didn't last long (sadly).

Hope you liked the experience and please exscuse my english, it is not my native language.

*002*2013-10-06 23:17

{{ 

Exellent story! Lucky You!

But please tell us more. Especially about this public accident with her.

}}

I will.

Tomorrow I'll write down that experience that has been the best experience of my life concerning my fetish. I just want to be sure to write it down correctly grammatically speaking. Don't expect too much, since that was a true accident (even if she knew my fetish).

*008*2013-10-11 00:02

{{ 

My wife has started to warm up to the idea of public wetting but for the time beeing it is limited to the shower. This other day when i stood in the shower she supprised my by entering wearing a pair of black leather pants. She told my that she was bursting to pee and then let it all flood into her pants.

I sat down to get a closer view and the hot pee was bursting out of the seams of the pants and flooding down her legs. When she was finished we had the most amazing sex in the shower. Totaly soaking her leather pants to the point of destruction.

}}

Wow man, You are very lucky!

The public wetting step is a big one and I never accomplished it with any of my girlfriends, I hope you can achieve it!

