Teenage meeting with an older woman

Author: TVGuy

*000*2015-09-11 03:15

Cold.

That was the thought filling my head- It was very, very cold.

Quickly, another thought joined it- Stupid. How could I be so stupid? I argued with myself, trying to convince myself that what I was doing wasn't completely idiotic. After all, I was eighteen years old. If I wanted to ride my bike over an hour, in the middle of the night, to meet up with an older woman that was my choice. I was now a legal adult, so this kind of thing was okay, right?

My desire to see a girl pee in her pants was a highly motivating factor. Were it not for this woman's supposed interest in wetting her pants in front of me, I definitely would not have done this. However, the opportunity was too good to pass up.

Dana and I had started chatting in a watersports chat room a few months before this. Even though she was thirty four years old, she didn't live so far away as to make a meet-up impossible. Though I would have preferred she was closer to my age. With my parents away celebrating their anniversary, and my only sibling gone at summer camp, I actually had a real opportunity to meet her.

Sitting alone, freezing cold, on a park bench at 1:30am, I was starting to feel very stupid. Before I left to meet her I was excited by the possibilities, but sitting alone in the dark I couldn't help but think about everything that might go wrong.

“Why is she late?” I wondered to myself.

She was supposed to have met me thirty minutes ago, but there had been no sign of her. Maybe she never intended to actually meet me? Maybe she wasn't even really a girl? Yes, I had seen her on webcam, but the super low quality of 1990's dial up internet, combined with her poorly lit room, she could have been a guy with long hair, or wearing a wig. It was difficult to make out much on the fuzzy, pixelated webcam image.

Another possibility suddenly trampled into my head- Maybe she did show up on time, saw me sitting out there, and left. That was probably what happened, I figured. She saw how young I looked in real life, picked up on my complete lack of confidence, and decided she could do better and just left. After all, what would a successful, attractive, 34 year old woman see in an 18 year old boy who didn't have a job and lived with his parents?

Just then my thoughts were interrupted by the loud sound of a motorcycle. Looking up I could see that a motorbike had pulled into the parking lot. Dana, in all of our conversations, never mentioned that she rode a motorcycle, but perhaps this was her. The rider got off, obviously a man and obviously much older than 34.

“Oh God,” I thought, “Is this Dana?”

I considered it could be Dana. This man, posing as a woman to lure teenagers out here in the middle of the night, where no one could see what was going on. He did look quite a bit different from what Dana seemed to look like on her webcam though.

He stood there, looking around, as if waiting for something. Several times he looked past me, but didn't seem interested. If he had lured me there, I reasoned, wouldn't he be approaching me, or doing something? Not just standing there waiting.

I couldn't take not knowing. The uncertainty of the situation was too much for me. If this man was Dana, I wanted to get whatever was going to happen over with. Shivering from the cold and nerves, I walked towards him. He stared at me as I crossed the grassy area the separated us.

I reached him, but he didn't say a word. “Are you Dana?” I managed to stammer.

“No,” he said, glaring at me.

Just then, another motorcycle pulled up next to us. Not Dana nodded at the other rider, put on his helmet, and they took off together. I was relieved, but still wondering where the real Dana was. At this point she was nearly 45 minutes late.

I returned to my bench and contemplated my situation. After thinking it over for a bit, I was completely convinced that at some point she simply decided she wanted a real man, not some kid who had just turned 18. Maybe she decided this earlier and never even left to meet me. Or maybe she did show up, saw me there, and decided to take off.

At that moment a white sedan pulled into the parking lot. The door opened, the driver stepped out, and I instantly knew that this was Dana. She had curves, but she wasn't overweight. Her shoulder length hair was somewhere between light brown and blonde. She was wearing tight, faded blue jeans, just like she said she would be, and a white blouse. She looked directly at me, then started walking towards my bench with a confidence and determination that I would never be able to match.

Suddenly I was absolutely terrified. My heart was jumping into my throat with every beat. I was absolutely sure that once she saw me up close she would change her mind about me. And then, before I could manage another thought, she was standing right in front of me.

“Are you Tvguy?” she asked.

I nearly threw up I was so nervous. My lips moved and I heard myself say, “Yes.”

“You're really cute,” she said, “I mean I could tell online you were cute, but you are way better than what I was expecting.”

My face grew hot as I turned bright red. I was at a total loss for what to do. What should I say? We had talked about so much kinky stuff online, but now with her standing right in front of me, it seemed extremely inappropriate to talk about anything like that. My mind raced, trying to find some kind of experience to guide me on what to do next. Time was passing. This was awkward. Finally my brain landed upon job interview training and professional introductions.

I stood up, shook her hand, and with my best friendly and confident voice I said, “It is nice to meet you.”

Instantly, I felt very dorky for doing this. She was going to walk away. What was I even thinking? How did I ever possibly think this would go well? Once again I felt like I might throw up.

Squeezing her legs tightly together, hands pressed into her crotch, she said, “It was a very long drive and I need to pee really bad. I don't see a bathroom around here. I think I might have an accident.

“So,” she continued, now whispering, “Are you still interested in seeing a grown woman tinkle in her panties like a little child?”

Oh. My. God. The look she was giving me was insanely seductive. She was somehow pouting while doing a naughty smile. My brain completely shut down. I could no longer even begin to form any kind of coherent thought.

The cold night air snapped me out of my coma. Had it been seconds? Minutes? I had no way to tell. She was saying something but my brain had temporarily lost the ability to process auditory stimuli. Then I realized I had a full erection, standing right in front of her.

She noticed too.

“Well it doesn't look like you'll mind too much if I wet my pants,” she smiled at me, leaning in close and grinding against my erection.

Without any other words exchanged she stepped back, looked down, and her jeans started to turn dark with wetness. A brief sigh of relief came from her as she completely soaked her pants, standing right in front of me, in the middle of the park. The warm pee stain on her pants steamed in the cold night air.

She looked into my eyes, now her face was red. “Did you like that?” she whispered to me.

I nodded.

She suggested we leave, citing the low temperature and the desire to not have someone catch her with wet pants in public. We managed to fit my bike into the back of her car, somehow, and she gave me a ride home.

Now, I truly wish that I could report this was only the start of things that evening. When we got back to my house she gave me ample opportunities to invite her inside. I was extremely nervous, very awkward, and had no idea how to close the deal.

It felt like anything I might have said would just come across as pervy and creepy. Despite her giving me ample openings, and me very much wanting for more between us, I was simply too shy to take advantage of the opportunities that she was presenting.

She drove off. I could tell she was disappointed that nothing else was going to happen. So was I, but I was at a loss for what to say. Feeling very stupid I went inside and laid down on my bed, trying to digest everything. I was still very horny, but it felt wrong to masturbate to thoughts of her without her explicit permission, so I crawled under my covers and eventually fell asleep. It was still very cold out.

*004*2015-09-11 15:11

{{ 

Nice story =) I've read it before somewhere though.....

}}

I thought that I had shared it before, but couldn't find that I had posted it here. I'm fairly certain that I shared it on the old Wetset message board, back when it was black and green colored.

I only have a handful of real experiences to share. This one, being one of my earliest, was for a long time the only thing I had to offer the larger wetting community.

Also, I think it is entirely possible that my experience wasn't completely unique. In the late 90's, with the old Yahoo chat communities, you constantly had several very active chat rooms dedicated to omorashi. I'm sure I can't be the only person who was able to contact someone and arrange a meet up.

*006*2015-09-11 17:30

{{ 

I'm not trying to challenge the validity of your story by any means when i say this, but I like how this is written like a story. It's a narrative style that most of the 'experiences' section entries lack. Nice post!

}}

Well, I wanted it to be interesting and entertaining to read.

