My First Witnessed Wetting

Author: Halflife77

*000*2013-01-13 12:06

I'll start off my little story here by saying that I've never really been a fan of wetting myself. I experimented with it a few times after I'd realized that I was aroused by pee/peeing but it never really became something I really enjoyed as it seems I'm one who prefers to watch rather than actively participate. I mean absolutely no offense to those who do enjoy doing it themselves (as I enjoy watching), it's just not something that particularly appeals to me. That said, on to the "meat" of this story (names have been changed):

It was during my senior year of high school that I started dating this girl who would later become my "wetting queen", so to speak. She was about 5'2", 110 lbs, a brunette, green eyes occasionally wearing glasses, perky B cup breasts, shapely legs with a lightly tanned complexion and not an ounce of fat on her (I guess I was lucky? Ha!). We had never really said much to one another until she started dating a friend of mine and that's when we were officially introduced to one another.

Their relationship was short lived (read: 2 weeks) so it was to be that after our introduction we kept in touch, talking with one another and at the encouragement of my friend who had dated her, I manned up and asked her out a few months later. As luck would have it, our first date and subsequent dates went well enough that we decided to make it official. I ended up taking her to my prom and after my graduation and during the summer, I made the decision to spend about a month or two out of state to try to decide what it was I wanted to do (I didn't really feel like college at the time).

Three days before I was to leave, my girlfriend wanted to do something special for me to make sure I didn't forget about her during my time away. At the time, we had yet to "go all the way" as we were planning to wait for marriage so she wanted to do something that wasn't too far but still quite intimate. She asked me what it was I wanted her to do, so being as nervous as I was I told her it was to be a surprise but she should wear some older underwear. I picked her up at her house later that day and was pleasantly surprised to see she had dressed up a bit. She was wearing a purple long sleeve t-shirt, a blue jean miniskirt that ended about 6 inches above her knees and a pair of black converse with white and yellow striped socks. To me, she looked incredibly hot and I was already fantasizing about what was on under that outfit.

On the ride back to my place she started asking questions about what I had in mind, placing her hand on my inner thigh and gently squeezing in an attempt to turn me but I continued to refuse to tell her what I had in mind. In all honesty, my heart was racing as I was terrified of what she was going to say when I told her what I wanted her to do but I assume she thought I was just being difficult. As luck would have it, when we got back to my place my parents had left to grab dinner and a movie - immediately I knew that meant they would be gone for 2 or 3 hours. Off came our shoes and socks and we plopped down on the couch. We kissed, then she snuggled up against me and for a moment we just sat there. She stirred, repositioned herself to look into my eyes and spoke:

"So Rick...what was it you wanted me to do?"

"I told you, it's a surprise." I responded, coolly. As nervous as I was, I immediately broke eye contact with her and stared off into the room.

"That's no fair!" She exclaimed, before then whining, "What is it?"

"When the time comes, I'll tell you."

Annoyed at my answer, she decided to try to get it out of me. Adjusting her skirt, she swung one leg over my lap and straddled me. She then slid forward to press her crotch into mine while placing both my hands on her breasts and then began kissing me passionately. For some reason, I had taken it upon myself to not relent and therefore, with every ounce of my being, I forced myself not to get an erection. After what felt like an eternity to me, she pulled herself back obviously noticing her attempt to turn me on wasn't working. A look of disappointment crossed her face and in one motion she removed my hands from her breasts and crossed her arms across her chest. She stuck out her lower lip, adopted a pouting demeanor and said, "Fine."

I just couldn't resist that face so looking into her deep green eyes, I relented:

"Did you really mean you'll do anything I want?"

"Yes."

"Really, anything?"

"Yes." She said, rather flatly.

"Do you promise?"

"Yeah...what did you have in mind?" She responded, raising an eyebrow.

I took a deep breath and said:

"Well, Lindsay...I don't know why, but I...well...I like watching girls pee."

"So you want to watch me pee?" She asked, looking a little confused.

"Well...that's not entirely everything...I want to watch you go pee...in your panties."

She sat on my knees for a couple seconds, a quizzical expression on her face. Suddenly, she slid off my lap and sat down on the couch about a foot away from me. My heart sank but I couldn't force myself to speak. She sat there staring off into space for a moment before then finally speaking,

"Okay."

Finding my voice, I spoke,

"Okay what?"

"I'll do it."

"Do what?"

"Pee my panties."

I suddenly felt light headed, and turning to face me she continued,

"It doesn't sound that bad. Plus, I love you and I want to make you happy."

"You have no idea how much I love you right now, Lindsay."

She giggled and then spoke,

"It all makes sense to me now (referring to some earlier experiences with me evidently asking too many questions about her pee habits - what can I say, I was a stupid/curious teenager)...plus I kind of have to go now!"

With that, I leaned forward and kissed her, placing my hand on her inner thigh. She responded by placing one of her hands on the side of my face before then opening her legs. I slid my hand up her skirt to find her panty-clad crotch. Cotton, just as I expected. I rubbed it gently as we continued to kiss. Suddenly she pulled back and pushed my hand away from her, saying,

"I'm not going to be able to pee if I'm really turned on!"

"How bad do you have to go right now?" I asked, feeling a twinge in my own crotch.

"I could pee, not too bad though."

"Well, let's wait until you really have to go. I like it better that way."

I got up from the couch, walked to the kitchen to get her a big glass of water and then into the bathroom to get a few towels and blankets. When I returned, she was sitting on the couch, her legs crossed and reading one of the magazines that had been in a basket nearby. I handed her the glass of water, and then turned away to lay out the towels on top of one of the blankets. Once I'd successfully made a mock bed with the towels and blanket, I turned back to her to see she had finished most of the glass of water. Shocked, I said, "Thirsty, we were?"

She giggled and finished the last few gulps of water. Without looking up from the magazine, she held out the now empty glass and said, "More?"

I took the glass and returned to the kitchen to fill it up again. When I returned, she had moved from her spot on the couch to snuggling in the blankets. Her shirt and skirt sat neatly folded in a pile to the right of the blankets with her glasses sitting on top of the two. She had moved one of the pillows from the couch as a head rest and lay on her back smiling and looking up at me. I noticed her bra straps peeking out from the blanket. I handed her the glass of water and then knelt down to pull the blanket back to join her. She snatched the blanket out of my hand and asked, "What do you think you're doing, mister?"

I didn't need to guess what she wanted, in one quick motion I stripped out of my t-shirt and shorts down to just my boxers. I pulled the blanket back and climbed in with her.

"Mmmm!" She interrupted, mid drink and pulling the blanket back down revealing her bra and panties. Her bra was a white demi with a little blue bow in the middle, her panties purple cotton leopard print bikini style panties. Pointing to her panties, she asked, "Are these alright?"

I was so turned on at this point I could do nothing but nod. Here was this beautiful girl intentionally making herself desperate and intending to pee right in her panties for me. I lay on my side watching her drink, as she finished this second glass, she placed it down to our left and out of the way. I attacked her at this point, pushing her legs apart and grinding my crotch against her's as I kissed her as passionately as I could muster. I imagine it was nothing more than really sloppy french kissing but she seemed to be into it, arching her back a bit and moaning every so often. After a few minutes of this, she pushed me off of her.

"Okay, I REALLY have to pee now."

I nodded, turning my attention to the crotch of her panties.

"How do we do this?" She asked, sitting herself up on her elbows while still lying on her back.

"Just go." I managed to get out, my eyes fixated on her crotch.

"Right here?!" She responded, a mix of annoyed and concerned.

I nodded again.

"Okay, I'll try."

She sat there for a moment, closed her eyes and attempted to relax. My eyes never left her crotch, I could see her facial expression out of the corner of my eyes but I was intent to see the first few drops soak through her panties. She shifted a little bit, before then opening her eyes and saying,

"I can't seem to go. I really need to pee but it won't come out."

"Just relax." I casually replied.

"I can't...it's kinda awkward."

"Just try to stop thinking about it and relax." I cooed, before then leaning forward to give her a little peck on her cheek.

"Alright. I'm trying now."

No sooner had she said that when we heard the automatic garage door begin to open. Shit, my parents are home! I thought, I started cursing in my head. How could this be happening!? I was so close! In unison, both her and I seemed to look at each other and shout "Shit!" before then scrambling to get the rest of our clothes on. I stashed the blankets and towels away, and luckily my parents took their sweet time coming into the main part of the house. By the time they made their way downstairs, Lindsay and I were sitting on the couch next to each other pretending to have been watching TV. A few general pieces of conversation and then my parents walked back upstairs to settle in. During the conversation, I had noticed Lindsay shifting a bit before then crossing her legs. Once my parents were upstairs, she stood up and started to walk toward the closest bathroom.

"Wait!" I pleaded with her. She turned around and faced me,

"I seriously have to pee, what?!" she responded, a sense of urgency in her voice.

"You're not gonna do -"

"Where am I going to do - let's go for a walk."

She must have noticed my disappointment, as I'm betting it was all over my face. Smiling devilishly, she had thought and realized that not too far from my house was a secluded spot in the woods that we occasionally had gone to "fool around". I didn't need to be asked twice, I threw my shoes on and ran upstairs to tell my parents Lindsay and I were going to be going for a walk. It took Lindsay a while to get her socks and shoes back on...I can imagine it wasn't easy with a full bladder. Out the door we went and as we set our course to our little make out spot, she grabbed my hand. Squeezing it gently, we continued to walk toward our spot, stopping every so often for her to press her legs together, lift one up in a little desperation dance. I was harder than a diamond in an ice storm, so walking normally wasn't exactly easy for me either.

Finally, we reached our little spot. A small 5 x 5 clearing surrounded by thick bushes, about 100 yards off a walking path through the woods. Immediately Lindsay pulled her skirt up and squatted down. I knelt down near her, and looking at me she asked,

"Are you ready?"

I wasn't even all there, I knelt there feeling rather surreal. Nodding, I turned my attention to her crotch. She leaned forward slightly, in an attempt to get a look at her own crotch.

"I guess you get your wish..."

With that, a little wet spot appeared in the crotch of her panties and gradually spread out soaking her panties, before then starting to spill out the bottom on either side of her bum. As her dribble turned into a full on stream, a little glistening wet line appeared on the surface of her panties running from her pee hole below her panties to the lowest point of her underwear. She sighed in relief, and gradually, after about 30 seconds her stream slowed and eventually stopped. She stood up, her panties still dripping and turned to reveal her soaking wet ass to me. That sight was enough to do me in...I fell over. I think I passed out and came at the same time, because the next thing I know she's kneeling next to me, asking if I'm okay. Here's a damn fine girl, her blue jean mini pulled up with soaking wet panties kneeling over me. Grinning like an idiot, I say the first thing that comes to mind:

"That was so fucking hot."

With that, I pull her into an embrace on my lap and start kissing her, my hand finding its way south and into her panties to finger her to orgasm. As she finds her breath, we realize something neither of us had taken into consideration. Her wet butt print is now right on the crotch of my shorts and she hadn't completely moved her skirt out of the way when she wet so a small section of it is soaked. The walk back to my house is a little interesting as we got a few strange looks from some of the people in my neighborhood, but we slink our way into my house to quickly change before my parents can notice (we both put on pants so as to use the excuse "it's getting colder outside").

As we sit downstairs on the couch legitimately watching TV now, I ask Lindsay,

"So how was it?"

"How was what?"

"You know..."

Pausing for a moment to think, she finds the words to best describe it and smiling big she says,

"Strangely erotic."

And that was the start of 2 1/2 years of her wetting for me (among other things). I apologize how long this is as I didn't think it was going to be when I started it. If anyone likes this, I may be inclined to write up the other experiences I can remember. I remember this one and others so well probably because of how incredibly sexy they were. I really don't know, that's pretty much exactly how it happened. I apologize if my writing is shitty, hopefully I got the point across, haha.

*005*2013-01-13 21:57

{{ 

Wrote more buddy, quite an excellent story. Do you mind saying if you are still together with her?

}}

Sadly, no. We broke up several years ago and unfortunately I've not been lucky enough to find such an open minded and dedicated girlfriend like her since. I've been lucky to date/witness a few other girls who intentionally wet themselves, but few compare to my experiences with the aforementioned girl. I figure it's worth adding that the reason I broke things off with her as our paths in life were essentially headed in opposite directions since we were going to different schools and pursuing careers in fields that would only further put us apart. We were high school sweethearts and in the 3 years after high school, we changed/grew up a lot so we changed and the spark faded. As hot as it was to have someone willing to participate in my fetish, I wasn't about to use that as the basis of a relationship - I'd rather have that companionship than some hot sexual encounters. Guess I'm a bit of a softie ^_^

Thanks to everyone who enjoyed reading this...when I find the time I shall write up another experience with her. What's rather amusing is the next two experiences I remember with her happened the day after the above, and then the next day after that, ha!

*007*2013-01-13 22:33

{{ 

That is kind of sad, hope you find somebody who has the same sexual interests.

}}

If I do, I do...if not, oh well. I'm not too worried about it as at least I have my memories. I'm a firm believer that if you have all the components of a solid relationship in place, more than likely your significant other will be willing to indulge you in your kink due to their desire to please you (and hopefully you them). I've been lucky that every girl I've dated seriously has been willing to indulge me in my kink so my track record is pretty good, heh.

Best of luck to you as well in your pursuit of finding someone as well! :)

*EDIT - added a point I wanted to make*

*009*2013-01-14 11:29

{{ 

Well thank you very much, i do have the belief as you about a partner who will indulge because of true love.

}}

It is a thing of beauty. I've been lucky enough to experience once (if my posted experiences are any indication of that) and I hope that it will happen again for me as well as all those people who make up this community. Cliche, I know, but hey...I don't think it's exactly a bad thing to wish for people to find someone who really gets and indulges in their kinks! :aww:

