Subtle desperation while shopping

Author: nwohdeh

*000*2015-03-13 18:26

This occurred this fall, at my job as a clothing store sales associate in a large metro area.

I'm down by the fitting rooms on the men's floor. A 30-something guy approaches followed by his girlfriend of average height and weight, wearing dark blue skinny jeans tucked into half calf black boots and a beige beanie. Trust me, she wasn't topless; I simply didn't pay attention to that part of her wardrobe.

I greet them and unlock the door to let the guy into his room. I go about maintaining the sales floor in the immediate area as his GF stands outside. When I come back after two minutes to let in another customer, I notice her legs crossed at her ankles and hands held at her abdomen.

After I check up on the guys already in the rooms, she asks me if the store has a restroom. There isn't one for customers, though I leave out those last two words when I reply (standard; otherwise they may ask for a special exception for themselves). She sighs and thanks me, and I go back to the floor.

I check up on everybody again after five minutes. At this time her BF comes out to get her opinion on his clothes. She lets him know, and also that she needs to pee, at which point she asks me if I know if there are any stores with restrooms nearby. I honestly didn't, so I said so. Her BF reassures her that they'll be out soon, as he had to go a little, too. Of course, that didn't make her situation any less urgent, indicated by her subtle yet telling discomfort: bracing herself against a folding table with her hand that wasn't slowly massaging her abdomen and legs crossed a bit more tightly.

By now I was pretty glad I'd forgotten my belt and was thus sagging an inch or two.

After about another seven minutes, they head to the checkout with one or two items. As I help a customer get a sweater off a rack, I take note of the GF's uneasy gait ascending the stairs.

I'd never witnessed an accident in progress IRL, but this may have come to that if things happened slightly differently. Oh well :l

