Wetting my underwear

Author: MysteryGirl373

*000*2015-02-28 16:28

Hello once again,

I know I'm posting a lot at the moment, but when I joined the site there was a few bits I wanted to post, hence joining it when I did. I hope you enjoy.

So I get the house to myself on Saturdays until my boyfriend finishes work. also I rarely go out on my own (due to anxiety and a loss of confidence in driving!) so I stay in. This provides several hours of fun time if I want it...and I usually do!

A couple of weeks ago, I woke up with a slight need to pee but nothing major. Instead of getting up though, I just rolled over, picked my iPad up, and opened this forum (as a lurker). I can't remember what I read, but after a while I ended up on xtube and was beginning to get turned on. Also my need to pee was a bit stronger, and I was thinking about getting up and going to the toilet...

Instead, however, I grabbed a towel and folded it up underneath me on my bed, I sat almost straddling this towel rubbing myself, and decided to have a bit of fun. Now I wasn't desperate, but I wanted to get wet. So I had to force myself to pee. So I lifted myself up from the towel slightly, and forced out a small spurt. I rubbed my silky pink underwear printed with black butterfly's and felt the wet warmth against myself. I lowered back on to the towel and gently rubbed myself a bit more. I then did it again.

I then proceeded to swivel round to lie on my back with my bum and crotch still on the towel, and masturbate until I reached climax. It didn't take long to get there (my boyfriend was tired the night before and had to up early for work...so I was still wanting something from the previous night) but man did it feel good. I didn't even attempt to hold back though.

When my orgasm had finished, I realised I still needed to pee slightly. So I got up, moved my already slightly wet towel from my bed and placed it on my floor. I squated, and released the rest of my bladder over the towel beneath me. There wasn't a lot, but it was so wet and warm. I don't like this feeling for too long though, when it starts to get cold it gets uncomfortable, so I went and got a shower, and shaved, ready for sexy fun time with my boyfriend for when he finished work later on :P

I hope you enjoyed! MG xx

*006*2015-03-01 22:54

{{ 

Nice story but please don't hold yourself back due to anxiety. I know it sounds easy to say, buy the only way to break through the anxiety is to just do it. Afraid of asking help from an employee? just force yourself to ask it anyway, after some time it becomes easier. I have some people around me with these kinds of problems, the ones that are breaking though are the ones that decided to take the risk.

}}

The anxiety stops me going out alone. I am making a bit of progress, but it's slow. But it is bad. It's not like scared of asking a colleague for help, as far as I'm concerned im either going to ask them for help and do the job right, or not ask them, do it wrong, and have to deal with consequences of doing it wrong!

I just don't like going out alone, it feels dangerous. Too much risk of someone trying to seriously hurt me... :/ sorry to put a downer on things, my anxiety is complicated and kinda bad :(

