First time with my wife

Author: tgerald

*000*2014-06-11 16:42

My first wife and I had a friend that was into all sorts of things. He was a nice guy but a perv of the highest order. He also happened to be married and his wife at the time would also go along with whatever he came up with, even if it really wasn't her thing. They always tried to get us involved in swinging with them but it never happened as my wife would have none of it.

Well to the point of the story, one night we were all hanging out and they told how how they enjoyed golden showers. Being an avid reader of penthouse forums, i knew what they were. I also had numerous childhood experiences which were more about curiosity than the actual sexual aspect of it. Well the night was over and nothing happened however, sometime later my wife and I were discussing the conversation we had with them. She asked me if that was something I'd ever done. I admitted that I'd watched girls pee, even sneaked it a few times, but that I had never done anything like what they described. I asked if she was grossed out about it. She said, no and while she hadn't done anything like that was a little turned on by it.

Again, nothing happened immediately until one night we were at home playing cards and enjoying a few beers. Even though it was just the 2 of us, it ended up being strip poker until we were both a little drunk and sitting there naked. I mentioned that we should have some sort of a bet on the outcome of the next game. She agreed and said that if she won, I'd go down on her. I said, "fine. If you win, we go in the shower and you give me a golden shower.". Her mouth hung open and then she smiled and said,,, "ooookkkk".

Well, as luck would have it, I won the game. So we go into the shower and she said, "how are we going to do this?, Do you want me to pee on your cock? Are you going to lay down?" I said, "whatever your comfortable with.". So she starts off my stocking my cock to make sure I was hard,even though it was not necessary. Then she guides it between her legs and spreads her pussy lips. (which by the way were amazing). At first she had trouble getting it started but then a little trickle came out and hit the tip of my hardon. It felt soo hot. Like hot tea or something. Then the beer must have kicked in because she let loose a torrent. It splashed up and hit me in the stomach and even our faces. Now I had heard her pee and knew she had a really heavy stream,, a fact that secretly had turned me on for quite some time, but I never appreciated the force with which she could deliver.

After that was over, she spread her lips and said, "now do me." Well I was unable with my now raging boner. I explained the situation to her and she said, well lets take care of that. She turned around and I fucked her like there was no tomorrow. I loved the fact that her pussy was soaked with her own hot piss, further adding to the lubrication. I came in about 15 stokes!

After I was drained, she turned back around and started rubbing herself. She said, I'm going to get close then you piss on my clit. She rubbed for about 30 seconds. I was acutally having a hard time because this was all so new and fucking hot that I wasn't loosing my hardon. The site of her rubbing and my cum dripping out of her was about all I could take. But when I could tell she was close, I put the tip of my dick against her clit and squeezed for all I was worth. Being as I was still aroused, the stream wasn't heavy or fast, but it certainly got the job done.

We showered and went into the bedroom where I fucked the living shit out of her for the next 2 hours.

Over the course of our marriage, we had many adventures in wetting.

