Staged Hotel wetting/desperation

Author: swtchapstik

*000*2013-10-15 16:24

For those of you who enjoy staged wettings I tried out an idea ive had for some time and it had arousing results. I love public wetting and desperation but prefer to do it around girls which can be hard to do in public situations where anyone can be around. Also I like personal wettings where you interact with one or two people as this usually makes things interesting.

To satisfy both of these things my experimental target was hotel cleaning staff. I went to a local holiday inn in the morning already very desperate. I took the elevator to the 2nd floor. When the doors opened I looked around the corner and could see a cleaning cart outside an open door. I allowed a stream of warm pee out to form a noticable wet patch on the front of my shorts and then I walked up to the open door hunched over, legs tight together with my hands tight around my crotch. The cleaning lady was at the door holding towels from the bathroom, surprise swept over her after she saw me.

"Please can I use the toilet, I really need to pee?" I asked her. She dropped her eyes to my crotch with noticable concern and said yes but seemed unsure of what to do. I rushed to the toilet and looked for the door which I actually didnt see at first :) so I started to let out a long stream. She had dropped the towels in a pile with other laundry infront of the door and it seemed we both realized this at the same time. Seeing a puddle start to form she hurridly kicked away the laundry and with a free hand I closed the door. I continued to wet myself, allowing a large puddle to spread across the floor. 

Once I was completly empty I slowly opened the door to find her still in the room picking up the laundry. She instantly recognized the large patch on my shorts and looked behind me to see the pee soaked floor. I simply stood their with my head half down letting her make the next move. as she grabbed a towel and started to mop up my accident I told her im sorry and that I couldnt hold it. She said it was ok and it happens. As I left the room I felt more turned on and more adrenaline than I had in a long time.

