Some Sightings I Had

Author: Pain

*000*2015-07-26 05:34

Well, male desperation doesn’t do much for me but I decided to just go ahead and share a couple of sightings that I’ve had for those of you who are interested.

It was in 2010 that me and my friend Steven were to sit for a Math exam at our coaching center. Everything was fine until the three hour long paper ended. I was waiting for Steven outside the room while seeing rest of the students walk by.

Suddenly he appeared nowhere out of the crowd and said, “Hey! Let’s go to the toilet. I’m dying for a piss!”

He literally hobbled all the way to the boy’s toilet with me right behind him.

Once at the urinals he hastily undid the zip of his jeans before letting out a thick torrent. He let out a small sigh at that point with his head thrown up for a moment. The sound of his stream was off the charts! I could see his body sagging in relief at that point.

Just then another lad came in, used the urinals and left but Steven just kept going on and on! He was laughing about how much he had in him and that how he had been peeing for ages.

It was true, he had literally been peeing for a minute or so, or maybe even more than that but I am not sure because I never timed it. Once done, he washed his hands at the washbasin and we left.

He just couldn’t stop stating about how he kept going for so long. Maybe he was too embarrassed about it? But, who knows?

He told how his bladder had been bursting throughout the test and it had become near impossible for him to concentrate on the questions.

He truly might having been bursting, because his was one of the most explosive pees I’ve ever seen or heard.

The second sighting also happened during an exam but this exam was held in an examination center that we were not familiar with.

My best friend Tyler, who is an idiot by the way, used to drink water like an addict. We are talking about 10-12 glasses each morning, after he woke up.

So, I walk out of the paper after it’s over and by that time almost everyone has left. Tyler was in another room and I seriously didn’t know what was going on, because he rushed out of his room and found me standing there, “Where are the toilets?” he asked.

That was one of the most intense leg crossing I’ve ever seen. He was literally panicking. Being unfamiliar with the building I said that I didn’t know where the toilet was.

But by this time Tyler was so desperate he really didn’t care about a toilet.

There was a water cooler nearby and next to it was a washbasin. He rushed towards the basin and started peeing in its drain. Serious idiot I tell you.

He was lucky because nobody else was there on the corridor, at least for the moment.

I don’t know from where but the urine started collecting on the floor. I really didn’t try to find out how that was happening, because frankly I was disgusted at his actions.

I turned back around and accidentally saw his torrent pouring out like Niagara Falls, but only with much greater speed and pressure. Or maybe so it seemed.

After what seemed like ages, he was done and there was huge puddle on the floor.

I seriously felt like punching him, when he told me that he had been holding it since morning and he had a ton to drink. I was already sickened by seeing his pee all over the floor and the last thing I wanted at that point was more explicit detail on the matter.

To this very day he reminds me how much he peed that time and how close he came to having an accident. What a thorough idiot!

There are definitely more sightings but I’ll save those for another time!

