Making the biggest mess

Author: Jarvis Langley

*000*2013-10-10 12:56

So...I ended up trying the most insane thing yesterday. Y'know how sometimes you just get so turned on that your common sense vanishes, and you do something crazy that normally there's no way in hell you'd do? That's what happened here...and it was brilliant. Sorry if this is excessively wordy, by the way.

Bit of background first for context...KayLeigh on this site is my dominant, and I'm to ask her permission to be able to pee if she's available to ask, and naturally she'll sometimes deny me whilst finding various ways to tease and torture me. I've never wet however, as I'm physically incapable of it, even if I'm deliberately trying to – I'm extremely pee-shy to the point that it just overrides everything...will just lock up and can't start if I'm not in front of the toilet or in the shower, standing, and with nobody able to see or hear me peeing, even if I'm completely about to explode.

Well...with one exception...

Orgasming when desperate makes me completely lose control. I've only had this happen from masturbating in the shower, so I've never actually properly wet from it...or at least, I hadn't, till this experience happened ...

I was talking to Kierstyn on Skype, as I frequently do, when she mentioned having to pee and that she'd brb. That made me suddenly a lot more aware that I actually had to pee more than a little badly myself (I often don't even notice till I'm getting desperate if I'm distracted), but I needed permission, so I had to wait for her to get back. I happen to really have a thing for other people peeing when I can't, to tease me...so already my mind was starting to wander in the direction of sexy things.

When she got back and I asked for permission (and admitted why I needed to brb, which I felt a bit embarrassed to admit at first cos of my thoughts), she claimed that I didn't actually need to pee, and that I had to prove it by writing two entire paragraphs worth of description of it...and if my attempt wasn't good enough, I'd be punished.

As I'm ridiculously submissive, the threat of punishment was already getting me turned on, as was the difficult and embarrassing nature of what I had to do to avoid it. I had no idea how I could write an entire two paragraphs only describing needing to pee, and it was seeming increasingly impossible the longer I thought on it, since my mind kept going sexy places and making it all the more difficult to think properly. It didn't help that I was also really hungry at the time...my biggest fetish has to do with that (and Kierstyn has indulged me in it before, which I couldn't help remembering), so the feeling alone can get me in a mood and makes me more receptive to anything that turns me on.

Being so turned on was making me want to be naughty on purpose to be punished. The need to pee was getting worse while I stalled, and my jeans were feeling too tight for two different reasons. As I fussed about with trying to fix that a bit, I got an extremely cheeky idea. Both arousal and the need to pee made me want my hand in a certain place...and if I got myself off, I wouldn't even need permission for the loo. Normally there's absolutely no way I'd just do that where I was instead of relocating to the shower, since I'd definitely make a HUGE mess when I inevitably peed (it's always a lot when I'm desperate...I can hold over 2 litres, and have managed closer to 2 ½ before)...but I knew Kierstyn was into wetting and couldn't help but think she might find it hot, and I was just so turned on that it actually sounded appealing.

I spent awhile whining and shyly hinting at my thoughts to her before she finally got me to admit them, and naturally she told me she certainly wasn't adverse to the idea. I continued to stall for a bit, trying to decide if I really wanted to do it...the more I thought about it, the more I wanted to, but I was still hesitant cos of the mess. After awhile she ordered me to stand up, and doing so made it very nearly impossible to not squirm and grab myself, even though I'm to stand straight with no holding when she makes me stand. When she suggested I try touching just a little to see how it felt, I'd made up my mind. I was going to do this, insane as it was. I put some towels on my chair when I sat back down, but I had a feeling I was there'd still be quite a mess.

I don't normally enjoy pleasuring myself much at all, and I rarely even want to do it, but when I need to pee badly enough it feels amazing. Having my hand there, especially squeezing a little, makes the need to pee feel less urgent but makes me very enjoyably hyper-aware of the feeling of fullness...and my hand was going to be there quite awhile, since Kierstyn told me I'd need her permission to finish (and needed to tell her when it happened, which is something I'm extremely embarrassed about doing).

Really, it was awhile...I ended up edging myself for nearly an hour, stopping periodically to to squeeze and squirm as my bladder kept feeling more and more like it was going to explode. I felt like the whole room was going to end up flooded when I finished, and trying to imagine how much pee was going to get everywhere based on the size of the bulge was mind-boggling.

When I actually brought myself to ask for permission, in the correct words, she told me to beg for it. I nearly lost control from that without permission, and after I'd begged properly and gotten permission, I came instantly and was already peeing when it was over. I didn't have any time to think about where the pee was going and was too dazed to do anything other than just sit there moaning as it gushed out and kept going for minutes. By the time I'd finally finished peeing, my jeans were completely soaked, as were the towels under me, and it had gotten on the floor as well.

I sat there melted and euphoric for some time before I could get the energy to do anything about the mess. It was a completely insane experience, but I don't regret it one bit...even if it was a pain to clean up.

*002*2013-10-10 13:25

{{ 

;3 damn boy, you make it sound hot as all hell.

Definitely going to get you to do that again sometime :P

}}

It waaaaaaaaas hot as all hell!

And I might if I can figure out how to not have to do so much cleanup XD

*007*2013-11-15 13:51

{{ 

Hot damn! The description here is lovely, so many details. Also they way you write it makes me want to try this (I haven't actually wet yet. Thought about it lots, but always chickened out). Your post was a great read and I think I'm in need of a cold shower... (:

}}

Oh wow, glad you like! Hadn't been checking the site awhile and then came back to this, thank you! :D

{{ 

This deserves a bump for awesome! *thumbsup*

}}

And thank you too! I feel so flattered, ahahaha

*009*2013-11-16 18:13

{{ 

Even though i'm straight, it's been hard for me to find a male wetting that I can actually get into, so it's a well deserved bump. You should write a few more when you get the chance.

}}

Wow, really? ^^; I've only posted a couple of times bout my experiences (including this one) cos I figured nobody'd find 'em all that interesting...9 out of 10 times I hold I'm still dry by the end, cos of it being so difficult to even end up leaking or anything. This was really the only time actually properly resembling wetting I've had to share.

Really glad somebody's interested though! I did have a somewhat wet experience the other way that might be worth posting bout when I'm more awake.

*011*2013-11-17 16:50

{{ 

The other way

}}

The other day*

Had to fix that cos it was driving me insane and I couldn't edit it. >_>

{{ 

:D Some of us out there do enjoy. It's a more niche audience, though, because most just look for female wettings but some of us out there enjoy well-written, sexy time, male ones too ;)

}}

Makes me happy that I've got an audience! I'd been thinking of posting another experience but wasn't sure...I ended up getting distracted with GW2 today and forgot bout it, but after I've slept I'll write it up in case it's of interest!

Sorry if I seem kinda weird cos overly cheerful that there's any interest in this post, ahaha

