Bursting in a Bikini

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-02-17 20:03

Me and my boyfriend went on holiday to Egypt two years ago for two weeks and enjoyed every minute of it...this is the story of a particular event that occured whilst on this holiday...one that has stuck in my memory for reasons you will soon know :p

We had been there just over a week and this particular day we decided to relax and hang around the pool. We went and had breakfast then went and gathered our things and went out and found two sunbeds and settled down for the day. After a couple of hours i decided to go chill in the pool and got my rubber ring and set about floating round the pool soaking up the sun. After a while my boyfriend came in and we floated round together.

The big pool at the hotel had a bar in the middle, one of those where you can be in the pool and at the bar at the same time and each time we floated past i thought about getting a drink, finally after going past for the like the 10th time i got myself a drink, and then just so happened to have finished it the next time we went round so i got another. I then decided the best thing to do was go sit at the bar so my boyfriend took the rubber ring back to our sunbed and came and joined me.

It was great sitting at the bar whilst still being in the water. We sat drinking and chatting and after a while my boyfriend went and sat back on the sunbed and left me talking to the barman. After a few drinks i noticed my bladder for the first time. What with all the drinks i was having, plus the drinks at breakfast it had started to fill up. As i sat there i noticed it was filling up quite quick and decided to head to the bathroom. I swam away from the bar and did a couple of laps round the pool before getting out. I went back to our sunbed and sat down, now that i was out of the water i wasn't that desperate and decided to wait until the sun dried me off then i would head up to our room.

You see the thing was, there were three sets of toilets for the publics use however each had a problem. One set was in the restaurant and could only be used at meal times, one was in the lobby by reception but you weren't supposed to go through the hotel whilst wet and the third set were out by the pool and were designed to be used for people in the pool who were wet and not dressed, unfortunately they scared me, they were located under the hotel, where the pool maintenance room was and it was dark down there, and the doors tended to jam and there were stories of people getting stuck in them and i didn't dare use them. So i decided to head up to our room.

I laid down on my towel and let the sun rays do its work in drying me off, once my front had dried i turned over and let the back dry, i took the opportunity to put on my sunglasses and pretend to be sleeping so i could watch the girl on the sunbed next to ours who had taken off her bikini top, i couldn't help but look at her naked tanned body and her boobs with their prominent hard nipples pointing to the sky. I closed my eyes imagining naughty thoughts about her making myself very aroused indeed ;)

The next thing i knew i could hear noises, people talking, kids laughing....it took me a few moments to realize where i was, then i noticed my bladder had filled a hell of a lot and now i was quite desperate. I realized i must have fallen asleep and turned to my boyfriend and asked him what time it was. Apparently i had been asleep for just over two hours, no wonder my bladder had filled so much. I laid for a moment, allowing myself to come round and then noted that i should go to bathroom ASAP. I stood up and slipped my sandals on and told my boyfriend where i was going. I walked through the hotel and reached the elevators.

I pushed the button and waited for the lift to arrive. I waited and waited and in the end decided to take the stairs, we were on the top floor which was 6 flights of stairs but that didn't bother me. With each step i took up the stairs my bladder jolted and my need seemed to increase. By the time i reached our floor i was really desperate. I stopped for a moment to cross my legs to try and reduce the need. I then set off down the corridor towards our room. Upon reaching the door i had a realization....all i had on was my bikini, just a bikini top and bikini bottoms....which meant no pockets....which meant i didn't have my key card. I had left it in my bag downstairs....oh god, the realization of not having the key made my need seems 10x worse and i instinctively grabbed my crotch and squeezed my thighs together.

I composed myself and then set off back down the corridor, whilst i was in motion my need seemed to die down and i wasn't overly worried, i just had to go downstairs and grab my key. I ran down the stairs reaching the bottom within no time. I went out to the pool and walked over to our sunbeds. My boyfriend looked at me and said "that was quick". I told him i didn't have my key and asked for his, i couldn't e bothered going through my bag to find it. He fished it out of his pocket as i stood subtly pee dancing on the spot, now i had stopped moving again the need had come back.

I held out my hand but he just stood watching me smiling. I asked what was up and he said "you know you look so sexy when you dance like that, hang on". He then pulled out his camera and snapped some pics of me doing my dance (which some of you lucky ones have seen). I grabbed the card out of his hand and set off to go back upstairs. I went through the hotel back to the lifts, this time i decided to wait, the feeling in my bladder indicated if it tried to walk up the stairs i wouldn't make it. 

I stood waiting for the lift, urging it to hurry up, mainly because i wanted to get there but also i was in view of other people in the lobby and i wanted to grab myself but didn't want them to see. Finally the lift came and as soon as the doors closed i pushed my fingers against my wee hole and wiggled and squirmed about, i felt on the verge of wetting myself and prayed for the lift to go faster. Suddenly i leaked, it wasn't big but it was a leak nonetheless, I leaked again...and again, luckily my bikini bottoms absorbed the leaks and i concentrated even harder on holding it.

When the lift arrived at my floor i got out and stood there bobbing up and down feeling like if i moved i would completely lose control. I warily set off down the corridor, each step i took my bladder threatening to explode. I reached our door and put the card in....it wouldn't work....i kept trying, standing outside the door, wiggling and crossing my legs, trying everything not to completely soak myself. I then noticed that in my crazed state i had the card upside down, i turned it round but it still didn't work, on the third attempt the door clicked and opened. In the excitement of opening it i spurted and had to stick my hand in my bikini and press against my wee hole. I thought i had regained control, but i spurted again...and again...and again....

It was coming out, i rushed into my room and shut the door, a few spurts came out and then suddenly, before i could make another move my bladder exploded, emptying its contents all over my bikini bottoms, running down my legs, pooling at my feet, i kicked off my sandals and just stood there peeing, i would have gone into the bathroom but it felt too good, i was enjoying the moment, the feeling of the pee hitting my bikini then slowly running down my legs was amazing.

Eventually my bladder emptied and i just stood there panting, my feet splashing about in my puddle, my mind went blank, my body took on a mind of its own and my hand snaked its way down my body and rubbed against my pussy, the feeling of the wet material sticking to my clit felt wonderful, i crossed the room and laid down on the bed, sticking my hand inside my bikini and gently rubbing myself sending waves of pleasure coursing through me. I picked my phone up and text my boyfriend, telling him i needed him to come up to the room. I sent it and went back to rubbing myself, my fingers rubbing up my body, slowly undoing my bikini top and letting it fall off exposing my erect nipples which my fingers went to work on, teasing them and pinching them. A few minutes later i heard the door open. Then i heard the sound of my boyfriends feet splashing through the puddle.

"hey, erm, why is the floor all we....whoa"

He came round the corner and was greeted by the sight of me laid on our bed, one hand stroking my pussy, the other rubbing my nipples, writhing and moaning in pleasure.

"I was naughty" i said, winking at him.

Needless to say we spent the rest of the afternoon locked in our room having some naughty fun, part of which involved ice cubes which was certainly an interesting experience ;)

FIN

Hope Y'all enjoyed, let me know what you think....i will be back soon with more of my adventures :D

Gemmy

*012*2013-02-18 20:29

{{:

Oh, you were naughty! Really... Sitting here and having finished reading your wonderfully arousing story, I'm on the verge to orgasm :p ! I got to take care of that little business, but first I wanted to tell you how much I loved your story!!

}}

Hee Hee, glad you enjoyed ;)

