A first attempt at a disgusted public wetting

Author: enigma-D

*000*2013-01-15 14:47

Well recently I decided to try and be daring, and try a public wetting of sorts. Since this was a first attempt I wanted it to be discreet so I decided to do that by wearing black skinny jeans so any wet would not show, but since it was cold I was also wearing a trench coat.

I decided to do this one morning when I dropped my girlfriend at work, when there would not be too many people about but still a chance of getting caught.

I went to the usual place I park when I take her to work, a little back street which you can then cut through to get to her workplace. With her taken to work I walk back to the little street I parked in and put my plan into action.

I had been awake a couple of hours by this point and had a pretty full bladder having not peed since the night before. I was nervous, I stood on the pavement looking round to see if anyone was nearby and tried to relax my bladder.

It surprised me that I actually started spurting quite easily, considering I'm usually rather pee shy in most cases. Guess the fullness of my bladder helped lol :) I could feel a damp patch starting to grow in my boxer shorts and a little spreading down my leg. At that point I heard a car coming down the street and got a little nervous and stopped the flow. With this feeling now I decided to head for home.

As I sat it the car I checked to see if any damage was noticeable, of course wearing black it was only visible if you looked really hard. So then I drove home still needing to pee more.

Once I arrived and got into the house that's when the rest of the fun began....

I decided as I'm already wet I might as well continue in the safety of my home.

I stood there and relaxed and once again very quickly, the flow released.

Pee exploded from my penis, and I could feel it quickly grow the previous wet patch, and spread down my legs. The feeling of the warm wetness spreading and falling down my legs felt amazing, such a relief and so pleasurable, so much so I was becoming semi errect *blush* :)

I stood there peeing for a few minutes and my jeans were completely soaked.

I finished and felt the wetness all over with my hands and then pulled my jeans down to inspect my boxers. They were soaked and showing a massive wet patch.

I inspected my mess I had created for a few minutes, then went to get changed and take care of some personal business ;)

Well I know I am not a great writer most of the time but I hope this story was ok to read and enjoyable for you all :)

*001*2013-01-17 20:10

I would just like to add, stupid auto correct changed the title of this post, it should be disguised wetting, not disgusted :(

