My Mentor Part 3

Author: murphdog

*000*2014-02-20 02:14

Busy Afternoon

Laura was starting to be back to her old self and that meant that she had to be doing something productive. She finished peeing and suggested, ok more like instructed, that we get dressed and go check on how her war with the spiders was going. She stopped and smiled, "let me get dressed first" she said with a big grin. She grabbed her cloths from the laundry basket and about a seductively as possible dress in front of me. Honestly I never knew watching a women get dressed could be so sexy. Once she was finished came over to me "let me help you get dressed" she cooed. "First we had better check your panties" (I was wearing track shorts but Laura was back to the super tease mode). "Ah huh your underwear young man are wet what do you have to say for yourself" she was in perfect mother mode. "I didn't pee my pants honest" I pleaded. "I did not say you peed your panties young man I said you wet them" she countered. "Well I guess you have me on that one" I admitted.

She pulled them down slowly and had me step out of the them. She escorted me to the side of the bed placed her left hand on the small of my back "bend over the bed" she commanded. Like a 10 year old school boy I obeyed without protest placing my hand on the bed and exposing my bottom I was looking at the softball sized wet spot that Laura and made minutes before. "This is for wetting your pants and making me pee the bed again, oh and if you have an accident, and you know what I mean, while I am spanking you I will finish with a belt" she informed me. "I thought we agreed no harm to fowl" I said protesting just to stay in character.

"That was before I had my cloths on, if I would have spanked you with them off we would never make it to my house to check on the spiders" she mused. She gave me a dozen or so playful swats with her hand on my bare bottom. Good boy you did not have a little accident... although we need to get that thing caged up, we have things to do" she chuckled. I turned beet red but loved the whole episode. She dressed me quickly which was also kind of interesting. "Hey do I get to do a pantie check on you to see if your panties are still dry" I inquired. "Sorry sunshine but have stuff to do" she paused "you will get your chance be patient" she said reassuringly. Big girls don't always play fair.

On the way over to her house I asked how many of the spider bombs she placed in the crawl space. Her deer in the head lights looked said it all. We stopped by the hardware store and got more bombs for the crawl space. Once there I had to look for the crawl space entrance, it took a bit but I finally found one in her closet.

Armed with a flashlight and three bug bombs I dropped into the crawl space. Now all crawl spaces have a creepy factor and all of them have critters that you would just as soon not think about, but lord have mercy I have never seen so many black widow spiders in all my life before or since. Laura had been at the entrance to the crawl space offering moral support right up to the point that she just happened to shine her flashlight into the abyss. She shrieked and exited, from a safe distance she informed me that she had 9-1-1 on speed dial so if I got bit to let her know. I made it through the maze of rather unhappy spiders especially considering that the bug bombs Laura had set off , the day before, up in the main part of the house had only served to relocate many of them.

I activated the bombs and quickly exited. I closed the hatch to the crawl space, but as I did something caught my eye. In the closet was a dirty cloths hamper and in that hamper was a set of Laura's panties. Still better yet it was obvious that they had been wet. I picked them up to make sure, the were still wet and the aroma was a dead give away, not that they smelled bad in fact it was a rather pleasant aroma. "Miss Laura come here young lady" I commanded. Laura stuck her head in the room, she had a rather confused look on her face right up until she saw that a was holding. She turned a bit red, now it was her turn to look like a 10 year old. She topped the look off by lightly biting her bottom lip. "So tell me about these" I questioned. 

"I had a little accident... I got stuck in traffic coming home from the Dr. and I wet myself" she was not only looking like a 10 year old she was sounding like one. "Laura I think you need to be paddled young lady" I said rather matter of fact. Laura's eyes got big, but I also detected a bit of a smile even though she was doing her best to try and conceal it. At about that same time the door bell rang and Laura jumped to answer it. It happened to be none other than Katie. "Hey you two; I saw that you guys were over here and wanted to know if you would like to go to a wine tasting with Roger (her husband) and I" Katie inquired. "We would love to" Laura responded quickly. She turned and stuck her tongue out at me and mouthed nana booboo. Just my luck.

*002*2014-02-20 14:03

Thanks I am trying to do a segment a day. So very glad that you like it.

