College fun

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-06-28 06:11

Usually I say I'm not into wetting but instead I'm more into the idea of peeing in public places with out getting caught (a park, fountain, alley way, etc). But I remember one day I just wanted to pee myself.

I had been in lecture classes all day from 8am to about 4 or 5. I was driving home with plans to go to a boyfriend's house (now ex boyfriend ugh) for a beer pong party. I had this desire as I headed home to pee myself, acting like I just didn't quite make it all the way....mmmm. But the truth was that I only had to pee some. I really wanted a pee my pants experience! which I hadn't had yet at the time. So while I was pulling up at a stop light that just turned red I started pushing hard against my bladder. I started acting melodramatic saying "oh my gosh I have to pee...come on light!" (Which I wasn't desperate but some reason I just wanted a thrill.) I then tried to pee to be like "oh no no no no no..opps!" But my body wouldn't let me!! I just wanted to pee in the car!

Once I got back into the dorm I had to pee more and I started feeling it. I went into the bathroom pulled my pants down to sit and pee. But then realized "no wait...! Don't pee now!" I stood up right away, pulled my pants up, zipped and buttoned them and started pushing on my bladder. I could feel it but I wasn't actually desperate, but I wanted to be naughty!! Then I just let it go! All the warm liquid just flooding my crotch and running down between my legs as I pretended to be desperate haha. But I was only turned on by it! At first it was only running between my legs but as time went on it spread to the front and back side some. I was so thrilled!!! The pee just created a huge soaked up puddle in the floor mat that I was standing on! I never would have guessed that I had to pee this much with how weak the urges actually were!!

I just treasured every second of this but of course it came to an end (which is always the downer) and I realized "oh my gosh...!! What am I gonna do now?!?!!!!!" and I wondered this because I shared that bathroom with a roommate in a unit of 4 girls. and I couldn't just walk out of that bathroom with my jeans covered in pee as they were all out there and with friends!!!!!! So I took a shower to get ready for the party and put everything where it needed to go for laundry day haha.

*001*2014-06-28 06:26

Oh!! And I apologize for not taking pics of this event!!!

*005*2014-06-29 02:56

{{ 

This is very arrousing to say the least ;P Can you add me on Skype ?

}}

Sorry I'm not up for video chat really. I got on here wanted to not get too far in with adding people else where with having a serious relationship and all. But thanks for the offer! :)

{{ 

Have you peed yourselfe since?

}}

And you're more than welcome. I was desperate in a whole otherway! Just desperate for some excitement!

And yes but not where I let it all go. Today I did a holding and honestly it was painful. It was my first real holding while just sitting around the house bored, unlike someone caught up in public unable to find a bathroom or whatever. It was insane. I think I drank too much water too quickly because it hit extremely fast with my lower back in soooo much pain! and my bladder was buldging big time!! 

I had never really looked to see if there was an buldge at my lower abdomen but gosh! I looked...FAT!! ahhhh hahhhahahah. It was like a melon! I started to loose little bits so I decided it was time to let it go with all the pain and everything. I couldn't even stand up straight! I had to bend forward with my legs crossed and hold myself on and off. I got into the shower and laid down to pee. I want to see if I could spray it but my back was in wayy too much pain. I wasn't as happy with the release this time. I felt better and watched that bulge just completely go down but it wasn't the thrill I wanted. It seemed more dreadful and painful.

A half hour later I was on the phone with my boyfriend. I stood up to do the pee pee dance. I was like "oh my gosh hun. I'm about to pee my pants! Can you just give me...." putting the phone down before I really finished hahha. I went into the bathroom calmly (I live with my family so I didn't want to think I was doing anything like this haha). As I closed the door I got a little excited to pee and a bit came out! Then I was taking my pants off and I was peeing the whole time I got my pants down and sat on the toilet. I totally would of peed my pants if I was home alone or even better living alone!!!! But it was exciting. Just my own little secret between my legs of a patch of pee :)

Ohhh I wanna do this again!!!! **drinking a galloon of water now** lol maybe...

*007*2014-06-29 06:08

I like the way you think Paragon!! I'll definitely keep you updated with recent pees! :)

*011*2014-07-14 12:50

{{ 

Great story, Ive enjoyed reading your experiences so much. The part where you wet your panties just a little bit and then kept them on is super hot. I love seeing a girl and imagining just a small wet spot on her panties as she pees just a little on purpose!

}}

Well I peed more than in my panties. I had my jeans on and drenched them! Oh so good of a feeling!! <3

& thanks guys! I've written a about a few different experiences I've had to check out my content from my page! :) and I will always be writing about my latest experiences!!

*013*2014-07-14 23:26

Well it was sure a lot of fun!! I can just remember my jeans getting wet and then soon I could see the pee running over the denim as it was too saturated and getting the floor all wet!! <3 Ahhhh I wanna do that now :P Lol!!

*015*2014-07-14 23:31

Yea its gonna be a while before I can do this kind of stuff again.... :/

But it will be even more awesome when I do get to do it!!! :D

*017*2014-07-14 23:58

Oh wow! Haha :)

