Wetting the bed (well kinda...)

Author: Lilcutekat11

*000*2014-07-11 22:54

Hello my fellow Omorashi fans! It's Kat here! I want to share a story about what happened last night. By reading the title, you can tell what happened. Half of it was accidental and half of it wasn't. I hope you joy my story. Here it is!

So as you may already know, I recently went on a trip to Italy with some friends. We came back not very long ago (about three days ago) and I'm still very tired. This is getting off topic, but I sleep quite early. I sleep at about 9:30. I need my sleep or I get hella grumpy. Anyways, so the evening before, I was drinking a lot of juice because mum bought my fave juice (yay!) and I couldn't stop drinking it. So then it came to about 9:00 and I was absolutely pooped. I decided to head to bed early. Before I hopped into bed, I put a diaper on, since I drank so much juice, I knew I would pee in my sleep. So after I got the diaper on, I hopped into bed and fell asleep.

I woke up at about 3:30am and felt a huge urge to go to the toilet. I felt proud because I didn't wet myself after all! I felt my diaper expecting it to be dry, but I was wrong. In fact, all off my warm wet urine had leaked out of my diaper onto the bed sheets. I squished the crotch of my diaper. It made a squishy sound. Pee squeezed out from the diaper and onto myself as I kept squishing the diaper. I was so turned on. Then I deceived to wet my sheets even more. I just let go. It my pee was so hot and wet. It just kept coming out.mi put my hand on the crotch of the diaper and just felt all the warm, wet liquid come through. I didn't want to stop. I squished the diaper more and more pee came out. It felt so good. I was so turned on. Pee ran all down my legs and onto my sheets warming me up and making me feel so hot. I loved it so much!

Before I end this topic off, I put on a clean diaper and I just couldn't help myself but loose control of my bladder. It felt so good. It all poured off of my chair and onto the floor. I'm going off now to pee a bit more then play with my pee a little bit more.

Seeya!



