Indian School Field Trip Desperation

Author: Ranganath

*000*2014-10-21 20:50

Hi once again everyone! By popular demand (one person :P),I have decided to recount an experience that happened on the journey during a school field trip.

###

The trip had been scheduled by our school about a month in advance and all of the students were, in fact, quite looking forward to it. The trip was to be to Wayanad, a small city in the southmost coastal state of Kerela. The distance between Tumkur (my home town at the time) and Wayanad, was not by any means small, being about 300 km away. The school had also planned to take us through Bandipur, a wildlife sanctuary on route.

At this point of time, I was in 12th standard and was dating Shruthi. We both arrived early in the morning at the school, had a large cup of steaming hot coffee at a small shack nearby, and headed to the boarding point. Once there, we encountered a large number of students, the majority clad in salwa kameez, which, to non-indian readers, looks something like this.

After waiting another 30 minutes, with no sign of the bus, we began to get irritable. A student next to me told me that he had asked a teacher who said that the bus was on the way and would be here within 5 minutes. Sure enough within a minute or two, the bus pulled in to the stop. Students rushed to get on it, attempting to get the coveted back seats, far from the prying eyes of teachers. Somehow, Shruthi and I managed to get seats on the very last row of the bus. Shruthi looked excited, as was I as the bus pulled out.

The first couple hours went by without incident. Owing to the cold early morning air, most students were bundled up and deeply asleep, most quite intoxicated from the charas we had smoked earlier. (A rather primitive form of hand-made hash). I sat next to Shruthi, resting my hand on her thigh, as we proceeded with the journey. During this time, owing to the fact that the people on the seat next to us were good friends of hers and fast asleep, and the fact that the teachers were also fast asleep, I slipped my hand down her pant leg and began to gently rub. She reciprocated the action and this continued for quite some time. Finally, after about another 40 minutes, the bus pulled in at a Dhaba, (extremely cheap roadside restaurants), for students to quickly relieve themselves and get back on. Shruthi and I however, having been engaged in foreplay for the better part of an hour, needed relief of a different kind. :P

Pulling my hand out of her pants and standing up, we both made our way to the front of the bus, in a hurried motion. The teachers, assuming us to be nothing more than desperate students, stood aside and let us pass. As it was by now only about 8:00 in the morning, the Dhaba was fully empty. I glanced around for a secluded place where we could conclude our business but found none. I was contemplating heading behind the Dhaba (a plan that was far too risky owing to the large number of teachers present), when suddenly, Shruthi grabbed my hand and began pulling me in the direction of the ladies restroom.

Just to give an image to the non-Indian readers, the Dhaba looked quite a lot like this.

.

The female restroom exterior looked like this

Once entering the Ladies section, the layout was something like this, extremely run down and in appalling condition.

Regardless, Shruthi, pulling me by the hand let me quickly into the Ladies restroom, walked down the 'alley' and entered a stall somewhere in approximately the middle. This would not normally work anywhere in India, owing primarily to the extremely conservative attitude held by the majority of the locals. Also, the other ladies in the bathroom would notice and make a big scene if they saw a man enter. However, as the Dhaba was empty at that time of day, and we were the first people to get off the bus, the plan was executed seamlessly. Shruthi pulled me into the stall, almost gasping in anticipation, and slammed the door behind her, fumbling and finally managing to latch the rusty door.

No sooner than the door was locked, Shruthi lifted up the topmost part of her salwa kameez, untied the string holding her pants in place, and guided my hand to her pubic area. Similarly, I unzipped my pants and let my junk hang. She began rapidly jerking me off as I was rubbing her soaking wet groin.

At this moment however, the rest of the girls from the school bus entered the washroom, no doubt desperate after being cooped up for so long. One girl entered the stall next to us and another, the stall on the other side. As seen in the picture, the toilets have almost now boundary, above or below the small partition wall. Owing to this, the sounds of their relief were all to audible to Shruthi and I. One girl could be heard struggling with the latch in the stall on our left, unable to get the door to shut. The girl in the other stall, had entered but hadn't begun to go yet, probably because she was wearing jeans or taking care of some other business.

The first girl could be heard desperately swearing at the lock when suddenly a hushed but still quite loud, "FUCK!!!", reached my ears from her cubicle. The clickety-clack of her shoes on the marble floor could be heard as she desperately tried to position herself around the hole in the ground. Sure enough within a matter of seconds she had pulled down her Salwa Kameez pant and was peeing, extremely forcibly into the toilet. The sound proved too much for me and, combined with Shruthi's incessant stroking, I shot my load all over Shruthi's arm. Shruthi herself came within the next minute, her muscles tensing and her eyes rolling back in her head as I stroked faster and faster, at an ever increasing pace.

Upon completion, I zipped my pants back up and Shruthi tied her Salwa. We waited for a minute or so. The tell-tale sound of loud streams hitting basins from the stalls besides us, informed us that others were there and that we shouldn't go out, lest I be seen. Shruthi however, didn't quite understand this and whispered to me,

"Yāvuvu Nīvu kāyuttide!? Horabaralu!", (What are you just standing there for? Get out)

"Nānu sādhyavilla", (I can't), I replied, "Lēḍi Hege Hoduvagodi" (There are still ladies there)

With that she switched over to English, lest one of the students in the adjourning stalls understand what we were saying.

"Seriously, just go!", She said agitated, "Nobody's there, it's fine"

I opened my mouth to respond but at that exact moment there was a loud knocking on the door.

"Ap yadvātadvā!! Nānu mūtra visarjane, mūtra visarjane!!", cried the girl outside the door.

(Hurry up! I have to go really bad, I will seriously lose it!)

Shruthi looked at me, acknowledging my satisfactory smirk, and replied

"Nirīkṣisi, mutra Atisara, Beḷigge Āhāra kaḷapeyāgittu".

(I'm sorry but you'll have to wait. I have loose motions, the morning food was very bad)

I could swear that I heard the girl outside moan a disappointed groan, but my primary focus was directed inwards. I began to notice that Shruthi had begun to look uncomfortable, more and more by the minute, from the time we had finished our romance in the stall. I suspected that she needed to pee, but didn't want to upset her by asking, (she was still extremely embarrassed about the incident that took place in her driveway). Also I was confused as, up until a minute back, she had been showing no sign at all of needing to go. Now however, as she stood above the toilet on the other end of the stall, crossing and uncrossing her legs, I began to think otherwise. After another 5 minutes, there was silence in the restroom, and no sooner than the silence crossed my mind, did Shruthi throw me out of the stall. As she was closing it however, her Nokia phone beeped. She pulled in out of her pocket, bent over, and read the message.

"ನೀವು ಅಲ್ಲಿ, ಬಸ್ ಬಿಟ್ಟು!!" (Where are you guys, the bus is leaving!).

No sooner had Shruthi read the message than she jumped out of the stall, told me to come, and sprinted towards the exit and the bus. We made it just as the bus was pulling out, hopping inside, and weaving our way between the seats to reach our seats in the back, that Shruthi's friend had managed to keep for us.

The inside of the bus, the back-most seat looked exactly like this, just slightly less rundown.

The moment we sat down, I could sense Shruthi's trepidation.

"What's wrong, I asked??", speaking in English so as not to be understood.

"I really really had to", she stopped and corrected herself, "have to, go to the bathroom".

I was quite surprised that she had admitted to it in my first asking, the only logical explanation would be that her inhibitions were lessened by the residual effects of the charas.

"Oh." I said, "Don't worry, I'm sure we'll pull over soon enough, you can just go then."

Unfortunately, 20 minutes passed and there was no sign of the bus slowing down. We had, by now, crossed over into Bandipur, the wildlife reserve. At the entrance, security men put metal grills over all of the windows and instructed the teachers not to let anybody leave the bus for safety reasons. We were instructed to give the grills back at the exiting check-post. Shruthi sat quietly in the seat next to me, biting her lip, her legs firmly crossed.

"Hey", I asked, "How come you didn't have to go up until we got into the restroom?"

"Don't know really",she replied, "I think it was because of you know, the rubbing,", she said the last part in a hushed voice.

"Well then, do you ummm, maybe want me to give it another shot?", I asked.

She looked at me with disgust and angrily declined. I apologized and turned away. After about another 30 minutes however, she turned to me and whispered,

"I really can't hold it! honestly, I think it's the coffee but,", she paused, "But I don't just have to pee anymore...", she whispered softly, no doubt embarrassed. "I really can't control it all! I feel like I'm going to explode", she said, looking as if she was on the verge of tears. "Do you think you could, you know, help me...", she whimpered, trailing off.

Understanding, I nodded and slipped my hand under her pants and into her panties. She relaxed her muscles, and uncrossed her legs, allowing me to reach where I needed to easier. I could feel a large damp spot on the back of my hand, the side that the panties were touching, I looked at her and she looked away embarrassed and muttered, "I told you."

About 2 minutes later however, as I was rubbing, the bus hit a pothole. Her brown thighs suddenly squeezed shut so tightly that I couldn't remove my hand. At the same time, she doubled over and gasped. Almost simultaneously, I felt a squirt of warm liquid on my hand. I quickly wrenched my hand free from the vice like grasp of her thighs. It wet with a combination of sweat, juices and well, you know. She looked away ashamed, as she rocked back and forth, a solitary tear rolling down her brown cheek.

After that I didn't put my hand back in, leaving Shruthi to fend for herself. She alternated between holding herself between her thighs and, when the other urge struck, holding the edges of her seat and pulling herself down, increasing the pressure between her butt and the seat.

Within 5 minutes however she was entirely unable to hold it. She whimpered to me in Kannada, "Idu baraliruva", (it's coming out). I could smell a soft smell of urine and I knew that an accident was imminent. Thinking quickly, I grabbed her by the arm, yanked her to her feet (this was met by a soft squeak), and pulled her to the front of the bus, where I told the teacher to stop the bus. The teacher responded by saying that the bus couln't be stopped in such an area as it was dangerous. I told her that it was an emergency and that Shruthi was ill. Disbelieving, the teacher told us both to go back to our seats. At this point however, Shruthi double over, clutching her stomach, as an indescribably unfeminine sound left her body. She whimpered,her voice interspersed with soft sobs and her voice just loud enough for the teacher to hear,

"Avaru suḷḷu alla, Nānu anārōgya am, Ap Nānu anārōgya am.."

(He's not lying, I have loose motions and I'm having an accident) : Note, this is just a rough translation, it does not actually sound nearly as crude or gross.

The teachers eyes widened. She signaled the driver to halt the bus. As soon as the bus ground to a halt, I lept off the bus with Shruthi and began to sprint towards a tree by the side of the road. Gasping she moaned,

"Nānu māḍalu sādhyavilla!! Kalmaśagaḷu Īgāgalē baruva"

(I won't make it, it's already coming)

Letting go of her hand, my eyes scoured the landscape for another spot but to no avail. I turned around to see Shruthi hobbling behind the bus. The moment that she was behind the bus, in a spot like this, on the road.

She yanked down her Salwa Kameez bottoms and squatted, her ass, large,brown, and shapely, fully visible. Even as she was pulling down her pants I could see a trickle of liquid falling onto the pavement. The moment that her pants were fully down however, she was wetting with force. Other noises, terrible and disturbing, reached my ears as well, as her other need was satisfied. After about a minute, she asked me to pass her a napkin. Not having one, I had to go and ask the teacher. The teacher, after rummaging through her handbag for a minute, found a few scraps of paper which she handed to me.

Walking behind the bus, I gave the paper scraps to Shruthi who quizzically looked back and forth between me and the small pile of paper scraps in her hand, squatting all the while, the fruits of her labor more than any I'd ever seen, still there right beneath her. Her stream must have been extremely strong as the small puddle of her urine looked more like a lake than a puddle. She asked me to turn around as she attempted to use what had been given to her. After about a minute, she slowly stood up, pulled up both her panties and her Salwa, and stiffly walked back onto the bus.

Surprisingly, nobody knew anything of what had happened, most of the students seemed to think that she had been sitting in the front the entire time and, only afterwards, moved to the back. Others, her friend Priyanka in particular, were of the belief that Shruthi needed to piss very bad and stopped the bus for that. Not wanting them to know the full truth, Shruthi agreed with them and things went on as normal.

Within another 15 minutes, the bus pulled in at another Dhaba, one outside of the wildlife enclosure. Shruthi walked towards the bathroom, cleaned up properly, and returned beaming, truly relieved.

Note: Upon discussing the incident with Shruthi recently, she seems to attribute the entire incident, primarily her other urges and their severity, to the charas. She claims that that is why she has never touched the drug since.

__________________________________________________________________________________________________

Thanks for reading everyone. Any feedback or comments would be greatly appreciated. Once again, a call out to all Indian members, please recount your experiences, there's few enough of us on this site as it is.

*006*2014-10-28 06:03

Thanks :) If you guys have any requests or such please tell, I was thinking of writing a fiction story and posting. Any inputs would be greatly appreciated :)

$

