A high school crush has an accident

Author: DrEgonSpengler

*000*2011-08-16 07:18

One night when I was 17, I was hanging out with a friend of mine at her house. This girl, "Megan", was someone I had been friends with for a few years, but had developed a major crush on as we both had gotten older and started to talk more. She was the typical girl-next-door type, shy but had lots of friends, smart but still very curious, and of course super cute with long hair and loved wearing tight jeans or short workout shorts that showed off her track legs. This was the night that I found out that she had a crush on me too, and the first time I saw her pee in her jeans.

After I had come over, several other of my friends and her friends came over as well since her parents were going to be out late at a business dinner. We were alternating between prank calls and hide-and-go seek when we decided to order pizza. After the call, most everyone went upstairs to watch TV but I, very cleverly I'm sure, told Megan that we should wait downstairs and maybe she wanted to see my hiding place? Of course she did! It was a closet under the stairs. As I went in, she stopped and bit her lip, like she was forgetting something, but then came in anyway. She turned on a small light and I saw her quickly cross and squeeze her legs together, bending over slightly when she thought I wasn't looking. I knew I was onto something here, my heart began to beat fast. So I had to keep her in the closet knowing that she had to go more and more urgently by the minute.

So, I started to knock on the wall of the closet. It was close to the door, so naturally someone came down to check for the pizza guy every time I knocked. And luckily, Megan thought this was hilarious. On the 5th knock, I suddenly turned off the light. She felt for me in the dark and I pressed up against her and took both of her hands in mine. She took one hand away in the dark so I thought she was looking for the cord. I reached up and turned the light back on. She had my hand in hers and the other one between her legs squeezing the crotch of her jeans with her legs together, and top button undone, no longer trying to hide it.

Then she whispers to me, "I have to tell you something. I'm a little bit wet." I was nervously excited and asked the first question I thought of, which was how much longer she could hold it and she said that she was already starting to pee in her pants, but she didn't want to leave. She grabbed both of my hands again and asked me what I was thinking. I told her that I liked being with her like this. I tried to look her in the eyes when I said it. She bit her lip and uncrossed her legs and she shrugged as I noticed a palm-size wet spot in her jeans looking like it was slowly spreading. And then the doorbell rang! The pizza guy was here. 

I thought that this would sort of ruin the moment, but then she let go of both of my hands and said very quickly, "Should I just go?" I didn't even respond before she had squeezed her eyes shut and stepped her legs a little apart. I heard several quiet hiss sounds as she would start to go then stop. She sort of had a quiet moan for a brief second, then she laughed, suddenly pretty embarrassed. "I better go to the bathroom before I get the carpet wet", she said too fast then did an about-face and walked out of the closet into her parents room and shut the door.

Later that night when we were all leaving, I stood with her in the front yard and we were both quiet, so I blurted out that I didn't think it was weird and that I liked her a lot. She looked up and said "awww" and we hugged and I kissed her. She said that it just feels good to hold it and wait to the last second, and I said that was okay with me, haha. Later she told me that when we went into the closet she "really, really had to go, but wanted to be with me" and that when she went into her parents room, there was a laundry basket that had some of her sister's clothes in it so that when she got into the bathroom she wasn't worried about her peed jeans or what to do with them, just that she thought that she ruined everything that was going on between us. So I assured her that actually the opposite had happened, which of course means a few other tales...

I hope you guys liked that one, I would be satisfied with 'hey man, good first try', haha

*004*2011-08-17 08:01

Thank you for the constructive criticism~

Yeah G I think it was pretty lucky how it all happened at the time. It's funny how so many things just happen by chance.

Vicky! I like your stories a lot too, they're amazing. I have a couple more about her and several more to share about another friend of mine.

And Dessy, what ended up happening (vague short version) is that we dated for about 6 months but grew apart during the summer and she wanted to see other people. I took it hard at first, but played it cool haha. She's married now and I haven't seen her in years, but we still chat on birthdays and such. I don't think it would have worked out in the long-term, too many different ideas about too many different things, except peeing of course~

Anyway, thanks again- I'll start a new story thread

