My wet jeans, panties and goodnites

Author: weakbladder

*000*2012-11-19 19:18

First i peed my jeans. Then i put on a goodnites to finish up, but it overflew =]

*002*2012-11-19 19:28

I had enough for one more time. This time i pretended to be a school girl too nervous to ask to go to the bathroom

*004*2012-11-19 19:30

Why thank you ^-^

*006*2012-11-19 19:38

Did she, have enough pee, for more than 3? The amazing W.B. =P

*011*2012-11-20 01:29

Well I woke up at 4 AM to go to work and went to the bathroom then. When i got out of work at 12 I was abut a 5 on the scale, so i came home, drank 2 glasses of cranberry juice and 32 ml of water (I measured it =)). I then cleaned my room and attempted to keep myself busy when at about 130 I was bursting. I then drank two more glasses of water and went to go put gas in my car. The drive was very difficult and I had a great deal of trouble holding it in while I had to worry about driving.

When I arrived at the gas station I couldn't even begin to hide that I had to pee incredibly bad. People watched, but I kind of enjoy that. I some how managed to finish with pumping gas and i got back in my car to go home. I was actually prepared to let myself pee in the toilet if I made it home in time but by the time I started to get off the main road my mind started repeating "Oh no oh no oh fuck oh no" In that way it can just before you lose it. I spotted some woodlands and I decided to stop there to pop a squat and save my car seat. (I love my car.) No sooner than i decided to do that a powerful, big spurt came out and put a big old wet patch on my crotch.

As i pulled into the wooded area there were other people there so I turned around and dashed for home. I let another spurt go as I saw my house. I quickly parked, ran to my door only to find it locked. I fiddled with the keys and just as I got the door open I started letting it go. With all my effort I could only slow the rate of my peeing, i couldn't stop it. I ran upstairs to my bathroom and started peeing full force. I jumped into my bath tub and finished up.

After I have one of these holds my bladder tends to be pretty useless for a while. So I put on a goodnite that i usually use for night time and a pair of shorts. A few minutes later an urge returned and there was nothing i could do to hold it back. I peed for so long the goodnite flooded (as pictured). I changed again, (no diaper this time) and sat outside for a while. ANOTHER urge hit me. I played a little game in my head where I pretended to be a school girl to nervous to ask to go, and then i lost it on my porch sitting down. At this point i'm out of clean pants. So i put on my pink panties and rushed to the bathroom when the next urge game. I then peed through them on the toilet.

It all happened in such quick succession, very unusual.

Thank you Rachel (=

*013*2012-11-26 03:15

I'm doing a hold right now. Quick, tell me what to wear. Super tight ripped jeans? Or a cute short white dress?

*015*2012-11-26 03:46

I prefer to make it feel like a real accident. I think im going to go with the jeans. Just because they are so tight it will be harder to hold it.

*016*2012-11-26 04:33

Both! In the skirt I did it sitting down. The mean teacher wouldn't let me go!

