Desperate in the car

Author: kasps

*000*2014-07-14 00:20

A little background info before I start: even though I love desperation and wetting, I don't often make myself desperate on purpose. I enjoy watching it and reading it, and sometimes I'll engage in it myself—usually when I randomly find myself desperate to pee at home. Most of the time, I just busy myself until I can't take it anymore, and run to the bathroom.

But onto the story! I had finished spending the day with a friend and was getting ready to go home when I noticed I had to pee. It felt like it had come out of nowhere, and my urge to go was surprisingly strong from the get-go. This made sense, since I'd finished a bottle of juice (that freshly made healthy stuff) and had been peeing at least once every hour all day. I guess my bladder decided it was time to go again, but I was already in my car, so there was nothing I could do. Besides, I figured it'd be an easy ride home.

I didn't expect my urge to increase so fast, though. I could almost feel my bladder filling up as I continued along the freeway. And I could tell my desperation was higher up on the scale, because I kept thinking to myself: "I can get off the freeway and find somewhere if I really need to", "I can make it", "I can't wait to get home and pee" over and over again. Each time I hit a spot of traffic, I got nervous. My bladder felt like it was tingling as I continued my way home.

Soon, I was quietly cursing every time a slow car was in my way. I didn't want to speed or switch lanes, because if there was any chance of me getting in an accident, I definitely would not be able to hold it. Suddenly, a wave of desperation hit me and I stomped my free foot on the footrest of the car, the part near the brakes. I was sitting awkwardly in my seat, trying not to put too much pressure on my bladder as my desperation increased. It was hard to squirm while driving, so this was the most I could do. I tried to relax a bit, but every time I'd go back to pressing my foot against the footrest in lieu of squirming and holding myself. What made my drive even more difficult was the fact that the freeway was incredibly bumpy, especially in a tiny car like mine. Each little bump and vibration from the road made me feel the pee sloshing inside me.

Finally, I approached my exit. I groaned as an extremely slow car got out of my way, making me miss the green light. My desperation was really, really bad now, but I'd hit a red light at the freeway exit and would have to wait even longer for relief. Because I was stopped, I was able to wiggle and squirm a bit; my left leg was bouncing restlessly. I was dying to go, and I was praying I could make it. I'd only been in a situation where I was in a real risk of having an accident twice in my life.

When the light turned green, I tried to go as fast as possible, but I hit another red! As I approached this stop, I could barely take it, and undid the top button of my cut-off shorts. I've never had to do that before! "I can make it, I'm okay," I told myself. Unbuttoning helped relieve the pressure a bit, and my neighborhood was right ahead. I was started bouncing in my seat, but that made my desperation worse. So I leaned to one side and pressed my legs together instead.

When the light turned, I groaned again as a motorcycle cut in front of me. Of course this would happen. The thought that this was slowing me down even further caused another wave of desperation to hit me, and I had to clench to hold it in. Without even thinking, I shoved a hand between my legs as I drove into my neighborhood area. I pressed my hand hard, which helped a little, but the fact that I was so close to home was making me have to pee so, so bad. Once the motorcycle turned away I was practically speeding down the street. I tried to stop holding myself, but I couldn't; I only stopped once I turned into my driveway.

After getting out of my car, I raced to my door, walking in a way that let me press my thighs together a bit. I had to fight a strong urge to start leaking on my way. I got into the house, but because I like torturing myself, I went to the kitchen to throw away my empty juice bottle first. Then, I went upstairs and into my bathroom—only to be greeted by a lack of toilet paper. I crossed my legs and stared at my shower, and briefly considered peeing in the shower, directly down the drain. But I was worried I'd spray into the shower and have to wash my pee down, and didn't want to risk my family hearing me turn the shower on.

So I hurried downstairs, my bladder jolting the whole way, and found some toilet paper. I ran back into my bathroom, and danced in place as I unbuttoned the rest of my shorts. Then, finally, I sat on the toilet. A waterfall of pee burst out of me, and I sighed as I emptied myself. I peed for quite a while, my stream only slowing down and trickling toward the very end. Even when I was done, a few more quick spurts came out.

Despite feeling frantic about dying to pee and worrying about a genuine accident, I ended up enjoying the whole thing. In my opinion, nothing beats real desperation.

