I really wanted to try a wetting, so...

Author: Anubis

*000*2013-10-05 03:20

For a long time, I've been very much into holding my pee until I couldn't hold it anymore and as I never did a complete wetting upon loss of control, I really wanted to try it. Tonight, I decided to give it a try and it went quite well!

The first thing I did was I emptied my bladder at about 7:30-7:45 pm, somewhere in there, and then I got a 591 mL water bottle of water and drank the whole thing between the time I peed and 8:00 pm. After I got through that, I filled it up halfway at the sink and drank that. After that, I just started holding.

After drinking all of that water, I came up with a plan to quickly take care of any mess that I might make from peeing. I grabbed a pair of jeans that were filled with holes (including some holes in places that would lead one to think twice about wearing them in public). My plan was to hold until I couldn't anymore, wet them, and put those piece of crap jeans into the trash bin where they belong! I also wasn't wearing anything underneath the jeans as I thought it would mean there would be less of a mess to deal with.

At about 9:00 pm, my bladder was about half full and I guessed that I was going to be desperate by 10:00. I was almost right on the money!

Hoping to pass the time until 10:00, I went on Netflix and watched Xena - Warrior Princess (perhaps one day an Omorashi fan-fiction is in order for this series ). Never watched it much before I found it on Netflix and I really like it. I started watching at about 9:15-9:20 pm. My bladder gradually filled up during the episode. In the last five minutes, I was really struggling to keep holding as I was just about bursting. I managed to stay dry until the episode was over and then I hurried into the bathroom.

Once inside, I planned to keep holding until my sphincter gave out and not rely on my hands. I squeezed my legs together, paced back and forth, and danced around a bit. The urge to use my hands to help was very strong, but I was able to resist.

I used all of my strength to keep the blast door sealed, until about 10:20 when I knew I was about to lose the struggle with the stormy sea that I was holding within me. At that time, I got in the shower and waited for the inevitable.

At 10:21, I had a very close call where I almost leaked. The pee was right at the end of my urethra, but somehow, I managed to pull it back in. Of course, about 30 seconds after the close call, I actually had a leak. The pee escaped and it took me probably 1-5 seconds to regain control. The leak itself formed a wet spot on the front of my jeans that went down the front of my leg. When I was able to take back control, the wet spot was probably 2 inches long and about half an inch wide.

After the first leak, I suddenly found that I was no longer desperate. I was still very full, but felt like I could hold quite well for a while. I just stood there in the shower and waited for the desperation to return. About 5 minutes later, the intense need to relieve myself returned with a vengeance. At 10:26, I sprung another leak, but could not stop this one. I really did try to stop the flow, but it was not possible. When I knew I had lost the battle, I gave in and surrendered to my need.

I completely soaked the right side of my jeans, all the way down to the seam that went around my ankle. From there, a puddle formed under my right foot and turned into a little river, which flowed into the shower drain.

The sounds I heard when I was wetting were a bit strange. At first, I heard the hiss that is typically described when wetting at full force, but when I was trying to regain control, the sound became a lot quieter and it sounded like my jeans were humming...

After the wetting was over, I took off the jeans, pushed them to the side, and had a shower. During that shower I had a little bit more fun, though it was a different kind. I'm sure everyone out there can guess what that was. When the shower was done, I got dried off, dressed into some different clothes, and stuffed the wet, battered jeans into the wastebasket where a half-full plastic bag was already inside. I tied up the plastic bag and out to the trash bin it went.

Well, there's my experience. I have not wet myself like that since I was only 6 years old and the last time was not a fun experience like this was. I was really excited during the whole thing as I had never intentionally done that before. Every other hold I had done, I always ran to the toilet at the last second and peed into it. I hope someone enjoys this story as much as I enjoyed the experience.

*004*2013-10-16 12:07

{{: 

I would have loved to watch if I was there

}}

I would have loved to have had someone watching if I knew they would enjoy seeing it happen.

