Tickled To Wet

Author: Wakana

*000*2010-06-24 23:33

I was at a sleepover with just me an my best friend, Annie, and we were watching TV. It was about Midnight or so. I was starting to fall asleep a little so Annie started poking me in the sides to keep me awake. Its a good time to mention that I'm terribly ticklish and when she saw me flinch she would keep doing it. Eventually she jumped on top of me and just starting tickling my sides and my neck and I was freaking out. I was crying with tears of laughter and couldn't take it. I didn't have to go to the bathroom too bad but the tickling really brought it out.

With all the tickling I couldn't control my bladder at all and eventually I just started wetting my PJ's. She noticed it because she got some on her since she was on top of me but she didn't stop for another 20 seconds or so. I wasn't really mad at her because I thought it was a nice feeling. She also ended wetting the bed later on that night too. She said it was an accident but I think she did it on purpose since we slept together. Maybe she did it to try and blame it on me. Ones things for sure, after that tickling I wasn't tired for a while after. :)

*003*2010-06-26 18:26

Shes never mentioned anything to me about liking watching me do it. But she does bring up that day a lot in a sort of joking manor, so it may be possible. I'll try and find out.

{{:

OMG that was awesome. I have always wanted to tickle a girl until she wets her pants or panties, i have tired a couple of times but it never happenes. It seems that you like wetting yourself, do you have any other stories to share bout wetting and how did you start to become interested in wetting?

}}

Thanks for your interest hounddog :) If you'd like the story of how I started getting in to wetting then check out my profile. I put my first story into my "About Me" section :)

*005*2010-06-27 00:33

{{:

She was probably tickling you because she knew you would wet yourself :)

}}

It could be. I didn't mind it. I like being tickled. :)

*007*2010-06-27 15:08

{{:

Oh how I hope I'm able to tickle you to wet as well. Give you tons of drinks at 1st, lock the bathroom, and start tickling you. Or maybe rubbing your lower abdomen would be even sexier XD

Hope you don't mind me thinking these =p

}}

I don't mind at all. Whats sexy is sexy and I agree that'd be fun :)

*009*2010-06-28 04:12

{{:

Wow that's totally amazing. I hope the girls around me are as open minded as you are. These days I have fantasies of molesting a full bladder girl until she squeals, moans and peed herself in embarrassment =p

}}

Sexy :)

*014*2010-07-04 07:18

I think maybe I'll try and get her to wet herself next time. That'd be so much fun and maybe get her into it if she isn't already. Thanks for the ideas.

*020*2010-07-05 01:50

{{:

No philosophy here please! xD Make a topic in the off-topic area for that sort of thing =P ^__^

}}

I'll try to get pictures but If I started taking pictures and she gets mad I'd have to delete them. I really wouldn't want to start a fight between us but I'll see if she would care IF I can get her wet herself. And also, yes we are both females.

*023*2010-07-06 09:33

{{:

Yup seriously, ain't worth it at all. Friendship is important ^-^ Girls tickling among themselves and pee on each others' panties, wooot~

}}

Hehe. Well anyway I'll gladly tell stories about whatever happens and if I can actually tickle her to the point where she wets herself. Payback :)

