So, last night... pics

Author: Linkx

*000*2012-06-07 04:34

Was enjoying a casual call with a few members here and it happened to end in a very wet night for me >////>

After talking for a while the need to pee had crept up on me and made itself known, it wasn't that bad however it was fairly notcable and after letting it slip on skype a reounding chorus of you're not allowed to go sealed my fate. Being the sub I am I complied and after drinking a little bit of water I was getting quite desperate. My leg was bouncing up and down fidgeting like there was no tomorrow, felt like I was running a marathon. After playing Tf2 for a while the desperation was just getting too much, I couldn't focus on the game constantly squirming and I had to stop and get up.

Damnit.... I dribbled a little.

Fuck need to go, need to go *squirm*

Oh come on can't I please go..... Them: No!

Why did you link the sound of rain! oh no *whimper* lost a little more...

Oh.... *groan* fuck it! I can't take it anymore *blush*

*relief* ./////.

Yes Ronyo my pants had indeed changed color... shut up!

*sighs* I'll make it to the bathroom next time...

My poor innocent pants!

*006*2012-06-08 00:13

Thanks for all your kind comments ^///^

He linked a website that just sounded like a rainstorm I wasn't thinking of rain on purpose!

*009*2012-06-08 05:15

I didn't know what the link was ._. it was just a handfull of us.

*015*2012-06-16 19:28

Thanks, I did have fun with it ^////^

Well I wasn't sure if I was going to put this one up but yet again we were on skype and I was told I wasn't allowed to go T////T so I changed into something a bit more absorbant because I didn't want to do more laundry buuuuuut it didn't ended up wet for me anyway hehe this is after I had been letting a little go to completely keep from just loosing control I even took a short video accidentally, camera was set to movie mode.

%https://rapidshare.com/files/693120977/SecondSet.zip

