My first embarrassing accident, and bonus wet sighting

Author: nandala

*000*2014-12-20 01:06

This is my first post here. I used to be pretty active on Experience Project, but hello omoorg!

I have lots of old and new stories to tell, but wanted to share something that has been happening to me recently...

The guy I am dating is really nice, he knows about my fetish and will humor me in small ways - leaving the door open when he pees, holding a little, but only that far. He does not share my interest.

When we get together, we often smoke a lot of marijuana and then watch movies or TV together before going to the bedroom.

I had noticed several months ago that I become mildly incontinent while stoned. If I sneeze or laugh too hard, I might accidentally let a little out. This is very unusual for me - I have very strong pelvic muscles and have almost never successfully induced an accident (...almost). All I can figure is that it's a combination of factors: the stuff makes you want to drink more water, but relaxes the muscles and also dampens the sensation of needing to pee.

The few times these little "oops" happened before, it wasn't too severe, would not have even shown through my jeans. If I was with someone, I just pretended nothing happened.

About two months ago, though, we were settled in marathoning a TV series on my projector, so it was quite dark in the room. Both of us were completely stoned and enjoying the show, when I suddenly sneezed. I was caught off guard by it, and for some reason this time, I didn't stop peeing automatically. I gushed a stream of pee into my panties and jeans for a few seconds before I had to consciously try to stop.

I froze. What just happened??

I must have really been bursting without realizing it! Luckily, the sound of the pee hissing out was only noticed by me. On one hand, I knew I was now on the brink of seriously wetting myself and my couch. On the other hand, I felt I had to assess how bad it already was before getting up. So much had come out already that I thought there might be a pretty noticeable wet spot on the couch, and he would most likely notice if I just jumped up and ran!

I reached down stealthily and felt what I expected - my jeans were warm and wet in the crotch, and yes, there was a spot on the couch, about the size of a baseball.

Now I really had a problem. I was MUCH more desperate than before, having to force myself to cut off mid-stream... but getting up was a problem. Not only was I high and uncoordinated, I now had wet pants and a spot underneath me. To make matters worse, my couch is really low to the ground, so it can be hard to get up from it.

I wasn't confident at all that I wouldn't start peeing my pants again the second I tried to get up.

But I had to, ooooh I had to. I REALLY didn't (and still don't) want to wet my pants in front of this guy! He would totally laugh at me. At first I thought, "Maybe I can wait long enough for this to dry a bit..." and tried sitting with both my knees up so that my pants were getting more air down there.

Of course, this just put more pressure on my bladder, which was now very insistently in need of emptying. I had to go with plan B, and FAST.

I grabbed a cushion from the end of the couch and pretended to be comfortably hugging it across my chest for about 30 excruciating seconds. Then I started to feel my peehole pulsating, and I know what that means - it's about to come out whether I want it to or not. The battle was on. Everything that happened next was in the space of just one or two minutes.

Sensing the emergency, I stopped worrying about the spot on the couch. I jumped up and tossed the cushion down on top of the spot and tried to maintain an air of nonchalance while walking to the bedroom where the bathroom is.

It's really hard to walk nonchalantly while you're peeing your pants.

As soon as I stood up, another gush of pee came out, and with each step, another. Into my pants. I was so torn between enjoying that feeling of wetness running down my thighs, and needing to avoid embarrassment! Luckily it's only about 5 steps to the bedroom, where I was out of sight unless he turned to watch me (he rarely does unless he thinks I'm going to undress). 5 steps, 5 spurts of pee. Then another 10 steps toward the bathroom.

I don't know if my bladder somehow sensed the relative privacy I was in, but as soon as I got past the bedroom door, I could not stop the flow for more than a split second at a time. Spurt. Spurt. Spurt. No more little leaks. I stopped walking and tried to stop peeing again, but it had the opposite effect - I started gushing furiously into my jeans. Audibly. Oh god, it felt so good, I wanted to just finish it right there.

But no. I ran the rest of the way to the bathroom, racing to get there and close the door before I got the floor noticeably wet. Not seeing any other option, I stepped into the bathtub. At this point, my jeans had streams of pee down both legs, all the way down to the floor. But I knew they could get much more soaked, and then I'd have no way to hide them.

Have you ever tried to remove your pants while peeing uncontrollably? It's basically impossible. I tried pulling my jeans down with the intention of taking them off, but then I was just peeing onto them. I could not stop the flow!

The best thing I could come up with in those few seconds of fumbling around was to squat in the bathtub, wet pants now growing colder around my knees. There was no stopping after that; I was peeing so hard that it was coming through my panties in a stream about 3-4 inches past. For a second, I just watched. I couldn't believe this was actually happening.

As an afterthought, I pulled my wet panties down mid-stream as well, finally peeing free of any clothing. Once done, though, the panties were still completely soaked, and I couldn't help being so turned on by the very real and potentially embarrassing accident I'd just had. I pulled them back up for a moment and rubbed them into me, knowing that my secret would fuel a fun night for both of us.

Then I stripped off and ran the hot water, washing out the tub and rinsing off my legs and then my pee-soaked panties. I hid the wet items at the bottom of the laundry bin, and went back into the living room pretending that I'd just gone to wash up and change into pajamas. Not caring anymore, I just sat right on top of the little spot on the couch.

He was actually none the wiser, engrossed in the show we'd been watching... but I distracted him soon thereafter, and TV time was over. :) I still haven't ever told him!

###

That's the end of that story, but I want to share what happened earlier that got me thinking about that night.

Earlier today, I had gone to my usual session with a nutritionist I see once a week, her name is Jenn. She is chronically late, but today was much worse than usual. She was with her previous client until almost 20 minutes after my appointment time, so she just rushed into the next session with me.

When it was over and time to schedule the next session, she seemed to be in a hurry, I figured because she was trying to catch up. I realize now, writing this, that she even forgot to hand me a receipt, which she always does. We said our cordial goodbyes and I strode out the door, thinking she had stayed behind inside the office.

Jenn is very petite but athletic, and she rides horses competitively. As such, she is almost always dressed in very tight jockey-like clothing, sometimes with riding boots. Today she wore a skin-tight pair of blue cotton athletic pants (kind of like thin sweatpants) and sneakers.

Just after I dutifully obeyed the "thank you for closing the door" sign and turned around, the door opened again behind me.

"I'm gonna pee on myself!! Gotta get... aaah!" she trailed off, as I kind of laughed and said "ooh, let me get out of your way then!" I stepped aside and slowed.

She took off running down the hall right after she passed me, and as she did, I saw it... a small dark spot down the back of those blue pants. Oh god, I wanted to follow her. I wanted to see if she made it, hear the clear desperation... But I felt bad for thinking of her that way when we have a professional relationship, so I didn't follow.

Only when I put my near-empty water bottle next to my other empty water bottle in my car did I realize I'd probably made a mistake in my moment of guilt.

I'll spare you the full details of what ensued - bad traffic, then low fuel and having to stop for gas, then having my takeout order mixed up and being too shy to run to the bathroom while they still had my credit card. All those things that always seem to happen when you've gotta go. By the time I got to the final traffic jam before home, I was already making a plan for not wetting my pants like Jenn had.

This is not my omorashi story, though. I got out of the car and made it through the back gate into my yard before it started to come out. Then I ripped my pants down before they even got wet enough to show, peeing hard into the grass. I didn't even care that it was cold outside, it felt so good! And unlike Jenn, nobody saw me. :)

Of course, when I was finished and pulled up my slightly damp clothes, that's when I thought about the last time I really wet myself and thought I should share. Hope you enjoyed!

*004*2014-12-21 01:31

Thanks for the feedback y'all :) It's funny, even though they're both true stories, I've read so many desperation stories over the years that all those things that cause one to be caught short - traffic, can't find the house keys, public bathrooms closed, etc etc - start to seem kind of tropey and ring untrue.

Lesson learned, I finally had one of those Murphy's Law days and now I'm wondering how many times I doubted the truth. :) It makes sense that people would tell the stories of extraordinary days.

