First Time Posting an Experience

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-03-02 07:24

Okay, so to begin, I have a very unique name, so on sites like this I go by Kait. So, hi, I'm Kait :) I was thinking of which experience I should post tonight, and I decided that I'll go in chronological order. So pretty much, my first wetting experience past the age of acceptability. So, that brings me to the fifth grade, when I first discovered I like omorashi. Well, enjoy.

So I had just moved to a new town that year. Ten years old, carefree, happily making new friends. It was the fifth grade and (of course) I get the bitchiest teacher imaginable. She hated me beyond belief. So, anyway, a quick rundown of how my school worked: school began at eight and ended at 2:45. From the start of the day until 11, we had class. From eleven to noon, we had lunch and recess. We were allowed to use the bathroom right before and after lunch and recess, so I'd say there was a fifteen minute window, for a combined thirty minute opportunity to use the bathroom.

Okay, no problem. So I usually went to the bathroom right before lunch and recess. However, on this particular day, my best friend Sarah and I were caught up in some cootie catcher we had made and were all excited to use it at free time, so I skipped the bathroom, as I didn't really need to go too badly. So at lunch, we ate and played with our cootie catcher with the other girls. I probably drank a soda or juice then, I don't recall.

But by the end of lunch, I needed to use the bathroom badly. So as I cleared my tray, I asked permission from the lunch aide. She told me no, that I should have gone before lunch and I would have the chance to go after recess. I didn't think I could hold it that long, so I then walked over to my teacher and asked for permission. I remember for added effect, I even hopped from foot to foot and whined "It's an emergencyyyyyy". Well, she said no too. So lunch finished up and we went out to recess. I was wearing a pink skirt, almost a denim material and a windbreaker over my shirt. It was a bit chilly, I got goose pimples on my legs when we stepped outside. 

So Sarah and I played with a jump rope for a bit, but all the jumping was jostling my bladder so I asked if we might sit and watch the boys play basketball for a bit. We sat at the edge of the blacktop, and my underwear got cold from sitting on the area exposed to the November air. My urge increased even more and I squirmed a little. I made it through recess. We all filed back inside and started making lines for the bathroom. Before we were allowed to line up though, we had to put our jackets back in our lockers. And you'll NEVER guess what happened. That's right. My fucking locker was jammed (that day really wasn't my day...)

So I had to wait for the janitor to come and open my locker, all the while crossing my legs and doing a pee dance. He took his time getting there, I'll tell you that. By the time he arrived, reset my lock, tested it out a few times, and I manged to get my jacket inside, the teacher was blowing the whistle to have us go back into class. So obviously, I went up to the teacher and explained that I didn't have time to go because of my locker, could I please go now? Might I add, that at this point, I could not stand still for the life of me. And the bitch said no. How do you say no to a kid pee dancing in front of you? Especially under the circumstances? So I was forced to go into class, where I sat in my little metal chair and squirmed with my hands under my thighs.

I tried so hard to hold it. I wanted nothing more than to make it until the end of the day, just to spite my bitch of a teacher. But I was ten, and small, and my body did not agree with my mind. I lasted ten minutes, squirming in my chair, pressing my privates against it, holding myself, even sliding my leg under me to push myself against the hard sole of my trainer. But, low and behold, it began coming out. Slowly at first, and then in a flood. Soaking my panties, and the back of my skirt, and before I knew it I was sitting in a pool of pee with some of it dripping off the edges of the chair into a small puddle under me. And get this. The teacher goes "If you had to go that bad you should have just went instead of sitting there and peeing in your pants." Did I mention how much I hate her..?

*002*2014-03-02 08:34

Yeah, haha! I guess it did. Well obviously a lot of them laughed. But my friends had heard me ask her to go and knew she was being a jerk, so my one friend walked me to the nurse and then after school we phoned with our other two friends who also agreed that she was a bitch and it was her fault. So I wasn't really made fun of for it, aside from a few laughs/snickers when it happened. I guess a lot of people felt bad because she was always strict with bathroom policies. There were a lot of other accidents that year, mine was just the first, lucky me haha

*004*2014-03-02 08:54

Yeah, it wasn't really the school that was all that strict, mostly the teacher. But I think schools are more lenient with things now. I'm not in school anymore but when i was in high school things weren't quite as bad. And obviously, as I got older, I would have just defied the teacher and went to the bathroom anyway.

