Just wasn't quick enough

Author: MrBubbles

*000*2012-12-01 23:06

Ok so here it is, my first story! All completely true and memorable.

All of this was back when I was just 8 yrs old and of course had never heard or been interested of the fettish of wetting myself. I hope you enjoy!!!

So it was a normal weekday just like any other (Can't remember what day exactly.) I had come home from school as usual by myself. I was wearing the basic black trousers,black trainers, a dark blue tightish t-shirt (Small on me) and if i remember right blue briefs. ( I hadn't been introduced to boxers yet ^^)

Just like most days I spent my free time with my mates cycling on our BMX's round our streets, parkouring on walls and sneaking into abandoned garages and chilling in our local woods. (Tons of fun!)

After spending about an hour on my bike with my 3 mates we decided to go to the local woods and chill in our hideout. Climbing trees and exploring unseen parts of the woods for us. Getting kinda dirty and my trainers filthy but my trousers were pretty clean. An hour passed and I got the need to pee slightly but I wanted to hang out some more so I pushed the feeling aside.

Another hour passed and we got back on our bikes and rode round our neighbourhood and saw some other mates when the need to wee came back. Worser this time but I tried to ignore because I wanted to have more fun. (Bad idea) I hanged out with my mates for about another half an hour then went to one of them. "I gotta head home! I'll see ya tomorrow!" Before getting on my bike and riding off.

The pressure on my stomach becoming increasingly harder and more worse. The feeling of pee ready to shoot out from down below I just hoped I could ride home quick enough. The desperation was soo bad I couldn't ride in a straight line! Soon appraoching my house I jumped off my bike and almost went face first. (lol)

I rushed to the door and knocked hoping my mum was in from her occasional time with friends.

No answer came from inside and my hand was forced down to my crotch and grabbed my dick tight trying to prevent the leakage which there wasnt any......feeling it all build up more and more. My little dick becoming more pressured and uncomfortable as it built up. I knocked again but no answer....it was too late though.

In a couple of seconds my body just let go and the flooding of warm hot pee poured out of me and drenched my dry slightly tight trousers. My entire legs from thigh to ankle getting soaked and warm. The dripping from my ankles into my shoes could of been seen by anyone. (Luckily wasnt) I had never done it before and it felt so different but slightly good but I was too scared to notice.

Then as my trousers were soaked and my shoes filling more with warm pee, my mum answered the door to see my desperate state.

Well thats my story and first desperate and accidental wetting! Hope you enjoyed and sorry if it was long! =D

