Wetting on the way home by ex-girlfriend

Author: JulesH

*000*2013-05-29 11:53

We started dating when I was 17 and she 21. She told me this embarrassing story herself, it happened when she was 19 or 20, so I hadn't yet met her at that time.

Whenever she suffered from urinary tract infection (UTI) she used to have this technique of drinking a 2 litters bottle of water in 5 minutes and pee a lot - according to her it always worked. At some time when we were dating she was suffering from it again so she told me about this procedure and also the story about when she wet herself. She was feeling really bad about it, and that's the main reason I never told her about my fetish.

Anyway... after finishing high school she didn't pass at first time on the university entrance exam, so she did this preparation course for an year. One day she started feeling some cramps-like pain and soon realized it was UTI. For the water technique to work you should do it right at the start of the symptoms. Before leaving the preparation course she drunk a lot of water to pee after getting home. I must say she is the toughest woman I ever met when it's about bladder, for her it was normal to spend 8 or 10 hours without going to the toilet even after drinking a liter (I can't stand 3 hours after having a can of coke!). Also before meeting her I didn't believe it was possible to see any bulging caused by a full bladder - so if she got to her limit, imagine how much pee that was!

Her apartment is in a good part of the city, there is a college in front her building so the bus line she used to take to go home had very small intervals, no need to worry about having to pee while waiting or the bus. But a few times a month we have those really bad traffic afternoons and that was one of those. So even that the bus came fast, it wasn't going to reach her place fast. When she got in the bus she was fine, but because of the amount of water after only 15 or 20 minutes she started feeling uncomfortable. She told me in details how the pressure was building up and she started worrying that maybe she would have to leave the bus in the middle of the route to find a place to pee. But after leaving downtown the bus go only trough small streets without any big shops on them, so better to wait to get home. It's also a really hilly way with a lot of bumps, I really don't know how she was enduring it.

In her own mind it was too late, impossible to arrive home and she knew she was going to pee in the bus... she didn't leak anything yet, but in her own words "if I peed a drop, I knew everything would come out right there!". She was surprised herself when the bus arrived and she was still dry. So she started walking home really slow, otherwise she wouldn't be able to hold it. It's only a hundred fifty meters from the bus stop, easy and now she was sure she would get home, even that the pain was unbearable.

She arrived in her building and passed the doorman she used to chat every day just saying "sorry, I need to pee!" and for her luck the elevator was already on the hall waiting. She used to live on the 8th floor, so it was easy and fast... but when the elevator started going up she just felt bad and let it all out. That simple... in one second she was sure she was going to get home, on the next just the movement of the elevator was enough for causing a flood of pee. Because of her body shape (wide hips and thin waist she was always in really tight jeans) and that time was the same... she told me she could soak 80% of the jeans in the first seconds. I already saw her peeing on the toilet before shower (yep... we were a pretty close couple) and it was normal for it to last a minute even. 

So when the door opened and the elevator arrived she just hold the button to keep the doors open and not taking the risk of the elevator to go somewhere else and stayed there on the same place finishing her business - not because she wanted too, just because it wasn't impossible to stop the flow even with all her willpower. She told me there was a huge puddle on the floor but without any smell, so people would probably just think it was water (the doorman at least never made the connection, she was sure he would act different if he realized what happened, also people take the elevator desperate to pee every day and nobody wet themselves). Nobody was home at the time, and nobody saw the accident, but her family is very open and she told them when they arrived (not proud of it).

Well... now I regret I never told her that. I'm sure she would actually be proud of making me "that" excited, even that I doubt she would accept any real life playing.

