Office desperation sightings (female)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2015-01-13 22:05

I've recently started a job working in the offices of a large company, and I've been lucky enough to see some nice desperation sightings:

During the induction week for the new starters, we had a guy come in and give a long, boring presentation that went on for around 2 hours. The presentation was first thing in the morning, and there was plenty of water, orange juice, tea and coffee being drunk to help people stay awake. Towards the end of the presentation, I noticed a few of the girls in our group were looking quite distracted, looking at the clock and fidgeting in their seats. Two girls sat near me in particular were looking particularly desperate - a very attractive blonde wearing tight black trousers and heels, and a cute brunette wearing a tight pencil skirt and heels, both in their early 20s.

The blonde was quite red in the face, and was constantly shifting in her seat, uncrossing and recrossing her legs every so often and taking frequent glances towards the clock. The brunette was leaning back in her seat with her legs crossed, bouncing her foot around and biting her lip. Both girls were looking worried and seemed to be debating whether or not to face the embarrassment of walking out of the room in front of us all.

As the presentation finally finished, both girls shot up out of their seats before anyone else and hurried towards the door, wearing tense expressions and taking small, mincing steps. The presenter then realised he'd forgotten to mention something and spoke for a few more seconds, and both girls had to pause on their way out, the blonde crossing her legs tightly and the brunette gritting her teeth, resting her hand on the front of her skirt. They hurried out of the room as soon as the guy finished talking, along with a few others who were clearly also feeling the effects of a very full bladder.

While sitting at my desk, I noticed that a senior manager (very attractive, curvy blonde lady in her 40s wearing a smart skirt suit, tights and heels) who was sat near me on a long conference call was looking quite tense, and was fidgeting about a lot in her seat. She had been sat there for well over 2 and a half hours and in that time had finished a large Costa coffee and at least two smaller cups of coffee from the machine in our office that people had brought her, as well as a cup of water.

She was quite flushed and as I watched her, she sat right on the edge of her seat and was pushing her thighs together tightly, resting her hands on top of them. She seemed to be getting more and more frustrated that her meeting was overrunning, until she finally said very matter-of-factly 'Sorry to interrupt, but I have to ask that we try to wrap things up fairly soon'. She paused for a second, listening to someone talking, before laughing and saying 'Yes, and I've been sat here for nearly 3 hours and had about 3 cups of coffee, so I’m reaching my limit!'. 

She had to hang on for another few minutes, squeezing her thighs together and bouncing her knees, trying to concentrate on making her final points despite the immense pressure she must have been feeling in her bladder. Finally, the meeting was over and she hurriedly said her goodbyes before throwing down her headset and hurrying very quickly past me towards the toilets, her heels clicking quickly on the floor, smoothing down her skirt as she went. She came back after a couple of minutes looking very relieved!

While sitting at my desk doing some work, a slim, attractive woman in her 30s wearing tight jeans and heels came over to speak to a project manager sat next to me. It was around lunchtime, and I overheard her say she had just come out of a very long meeting, which she was moaning to the guy sat next to me about. I noticed that she looked quite flustered and couldn't stand still for a second, constantly shifting her weight from foot to foot and crossing her legs one way then the other. At one point, he said something to make her laugh and she bent forwards for a second, resting her hands on her thighs before straightening up and resuming her fidgeting. We were sat fairly near the toilets, so she had obviously hurried to the loo after her meeting only to get caught up in conversation while she was dying to go (the guy she was talking to has a tendency to talk for ages as well).

Eventually, after a lot more leg crossing and she managed to finish the conversation and turned towards the toilets, only to see that they had just been closed for cleaning! She moaned quietly in frustration and bounced on the spot, before hurrying off towards the closest set of toilets further down towards the other end of the office while looking around in slight embarrassment.

Last week I had to attend a morning meeting around 2 hours drive away, and I got a lift with two women who were also attending, Jane (late 20s, athletic and quite attractive, wearing tight black trousers) and Emma (about 21, slim and gorgeous with long dark blonde hair, who was wearing a short skirt and black tights). Emma was driving, I was in the front seat and Jane was sat in the back. After we’d been driving about an hour and a half, I noticed that while both of the girls had been very chatty at the start of the drive, they now seemed to be distracted and were much quieter. They mentioned earlier that they had both drunk a large cup of tea before we set off, so I’m guessing that both of them were now quickly becoming desperate for the loo, I know I was certainly needing to go. Emma in particular was looking quite anxious, and I noticed that the half litre bottle of water she’d been taking frequent sips from was now nearly empty.

As we got closer to our destination, we hit a large queue of very slow moving traffic. Emma sighed as we slowed to a crawl, and I noticed that she was driving with one hand on the wheel, with the other pushing down against her thigh, while squeezing both thighs together tightly – difficult to do when driving! ‘Not far to go now’ she said brightly, but there was a slight strain in her voice and her cheeks were flushed. ‘Good… cos I really need a wee’ Jane said shyly, and I glanced round to see her leaning forwards in her seat with her legs pushed together, resting a hand in between them.

‘I do as well’ I said jokily, and Jane laughed. ‘I’ve actually needed one for the past half hour’ she said, looking worriedly at the long lone of traffic in front of us. Emma, who had been paying attention to the road, suddenly said ‘Oh same, I REALLY need a wee, like, really really need a wee’, leaning forwards in her seat for a second as if to emphasise how badly she wanted to go. To my surprise, she continued. ‘I drink so much water, normally my bladder can handle it. I never go at work, but for some reason when I’m in the car I always need to go.’ Just then, the traffic which had been moving slowly, suddenly stopped. Jane leaned forwards, trying to see what was causing the holdup, and I heard her moan softly under her breath as she sat back down in her seat, squeezing her legs together and tapping her hands on her thighs.

Shortly afterwards, the traffic started to move and after a few more anxious minutes, we were at our destination. I got out of the car, really needing to pee now that I was stood up, and Jane and I stood waiting for Emma to lock the car and get her bag out of the back. ‘Ooh… god I need a wee.’ Jane muttered, almost dancing from foot to foot and looking at the office we were visiting. We walked quickly into the reception and told the receptionist who we were meeting, and she called him to let him know that we’d arrived. 

As she spoke on the phone, both Emma and Jane were looking anxiously round, but there were no toilets to be seen. Jane was gently shifting from foot to foot, and Emma stood with her long legs very tightly crossed, biting her lip and watching the receptionist intently, both of them looking rosy-cheeked and flustered. As soon as she put the phone down, Jane asked her if there were toilets nearby. The receptionist explained that they were inside the office, but we needed to wait for the guy we were meeting to give us our visitor passes and escort us through. ‘Ooh, hope he hurries up’ Emma said quietly, making us both laugh.

A few seconds later he arrived, handed us our passes and we followed him down the corridor to the meeting room. As we walked into the room, Jane and Emma hurriedly put their bags down on the table and took off their coats. ‘Sorry but I really must nip to the loo, where abouts are they?’ Jane asked hurriedly, moving quickly towards the door, followed closely by Emma. The guy showed us the way and we all walked quickly down the corridor towards relief.

Another sighting featuring Jane from the story above. A few weeks ago, Jane and I were sitting on the bus on the journey home (the company runs its own bus service that runs from the office, through the city centre, and to the suburb where we live, with lots of stops along the way). The route normally takes around an hour, but because of particularly heavy traffic that day, it was taking about 20 minutes longer. As the bus got close to our stop, I noticed Jane sat just in front of me and across the aisle. She was sitting with her legs very tightly crossed, which was difficult to do as there isn’t much leg room on the bus, bouncing them every so often with a hand pushed between them.

Every time the bus stopped, she leaned out of her seat to look at the traffic in front of us, getting more and more frustrated as time wore on. She had headphones on, otherwise I would have asked her what was bothering her so much, even though I’m sure it was because she was dying for a pee. As I watched her, she uncrossed her legs, squeezed her thighs together tightly while leaning forwards in her seat, before recrossing her legs the other way. She did this a few more times, until a few minutes later when our stop finally arrived. As we got off the bus, she took her headphones off and turned around to say bye to me, as we live in opposite directions from where the bus drops us off.

‘I can’t believe how bad the traffic was tonight’ I said just before she started to walk away, trying to stall her for a bit longer. She crossed her legs tightly and smiled. ‘Yeah it was awful, sorry I would stop and chat but I really need to go to the loo!’ she said breathlessly, bouncing on the spot with her legs still tightly crossed. I laughed and we said our goodbyes, before she hurried off to relief.

Another bus sighting. It was another day with heavy traffic and the route home was taking longer than normal. I noticed that a curvy, cute blonde girl with glasses sat directly opposite me across the aisle was bouncing one knee quickly up and down every few seconds, looking anxiously at the long line of cars in front of us. She had bought a large cup of coffee from the office canteen and had been taking frequent sips throughout the journey, and by now it looked like she was starting to feel the effects in her bladder.

We still had about 10 minutes left to go before it was time to get off, and as the minutes ticked slowly by, her knee bouncing got more and more frequent until it was almost constant, and I saw her bite her lip a few times. Unfortunately my stop came (mine is the second to last stop – the last stop is right in the centre of the suburb about 2 minutes further) so I didn’t get to see the outcome, but I’m guessing she had a desperate walk home ahead of her with a very full bladder.

A couple of weeks ago, I was walking out of the canteen, and just in front of me one of the canteen staff (a cute blonde woman in her late 20s, wearing a black polo shirt and tight black trousers) was hurrying towards the toilets. As she turned the corner, she stopped and gave a frustrated sigh, seeing that the cleaner was just putting up the sign on the toilet door to say that they were closed for cleaning. The cleaner glanced round and the blonde woman said ‘Ooh can I just go in quickly? Sorry but I’ve been waiting forever’, bouncing on the spot to show how badly she wanted to go. The cleaner said it was fine, and let the woman walk past her into the toilets. ‘Oh thanks so much, I’ll be two minutes!’ she said breathlessly as she hurried in. It was around 2pm, and she had obviously been stuck on the till since before 12 serving people during the lunchtime rush, and had only just got a chance to go.

At the office building where I am based most of my time, there is a fairly large call centre where staff spend hours on the phones taking calls from customers. The call centre workers have set breaks, and unless it is their breaktime they’re often not allowed to just leave their phone unattended, unless they ask their manager if they can go for a quick loo break. However, it seems like most of the staff hang on until their break even if they’re bursting. I’ve seen a few anxious looking women hurrying to the toilets, which are just outside the office where the call centre is located.

The most memorable sighting I had was when I saw a very cute, short and slightly curvy girl in her late teens/early 20s, wearing a short skirt and black tights, rushing out of the office. She was resting a hand on the front of her skirt, not quite holding herself but not far from it, and she was very red in the face. As soon as she saw me she quickly moved her hand back to her side and gave me an embarrassed looking smile, before biting her lip as she pushed open the door to the toilets. It’s also not uncommon to see some of the call centre staff go straight out for a smoke and wait until just before their break ends to go back in for a pee, so there are often plenty of women stood out in the smoking area fidgeting around with their legs very tightly crossed!

Hope you enjoyed these sightings, hopefully there will be many more to come!

*007*2015-01-14 21:27

{{:

Some great sightings, you are very lucky.

Emma sounds someone of interest from her comments that she can normally wait all day in work but drinks lots of water. Shame you could not get more details out of that discussion from her,

}}

I did notice that after we all went to the loo as soon as we arrived, she did not go again until about 5 hours later. During that time she'd had about 3 cups of tea and a couple of bottles of water. She did not seem to be showing any real signs of desperation in the afternoon even after waiting so long, except perhaps she looked more tense than usual and was shifting position in her chair more often. Her day job involves running training sessions for hours at a time, and she's mentioned to me in the past that she often doesn't get chance to have a break between sessions. She just seems to be someone who can wait for absolutely ages even when bursting.

Here are some more sightings I forgot to mention in the first post:

While on the bus home (that bus is a goldmine for desperation!), towards the end of the journey we were stuck in a huge amount of traffic due to a football match nearby. We were getting close to my stop, but by this time had been travelling for around an hour and a half, and had been stuck in none-moving traffic for a few minutes. I was sat up at the front quite near the driver, and a very attractive, slim blonde woman suddenly moved from her seat at the back of the bus to the one across the aisle from me.

Straight away I could tell she looked absolutely bursting, not surprising considering how long the route was taking. She was fidgety and her cheeks were very flushed, and she was gritting her teeth, leaning forwards in her seat, bouncing her legs and looking anxiously at the long queue of cars in front of us. After a couple of minutes of very tense fidgeting, frustrated sighing and tapping her fingers on the back of the seat in front of her, during which time the bus had only moved a few feet fowards, she stood up and walked right to the front to talk to the driver. She spoke quickly and quietly but I was close enough to hear her.

'Sorry, can I jump off here?' The driver refused at first, saying he wasn't supposed to let people off when it wasn't a set stop, but she continued. 'Oh... It's just that I'm desperate for the loo and it looks like we'll be stuck here for a while' she said, biting her lip and looking very embarrassed at her predicament. He let her off and she hurried off in the direction of a nearby pub, obviously too desperate to hold on for the walk home.

While in a long, boring, training session at a hotel, I was sat next to a gorgeous, short, slim Indian woman, early 20s, wearing a short black skirt and black tights. I noticed that as the afternoon session dragged on, she was sitting with her legs crossed and discreetly bouncing one of her feet. Every so often, she would uncross her legs and recross them with a slight sigh under her breath, resuming the foot bouncing, resting her hands in her lap. This was around 3pm and I had not seen her visit the loos all day, which were located on the floor below. In front of her on the table were an empty coffee cup, empty water glass and a can of coke, which she had been taking frequent sips from.

She'd also had a large coffee in the morning session to help her stay awake, so she must have been absolutely bursting but was too shy to interrupt the session. We were due to have a short break around 3.30pm, so she still had a while to hang on even as her fidgeting and leg crossing was becoming more obvious. I was quite thirsty, so I quietly walked out of the room to grab a glass of water from the breakroom next door. As I walked down the corridor back towards the training room, I saw the woman walking quickly down the corridor towards me, looking very anxious and biting her lip.

'Excuse me, do you know where I can find the toilets?' she asked me as we got closer, stopping to cross her legs tightly and flashing me a slightly embarrassed looking smile. I told her they were just downstairs, and she said a very relieved sounding 'Thanks!' before hurrying off towards relief. She came back into the session a couple of minutes later looking much more relieved. She must have been needing to go for a while, but had been too shy to ask anyone where the toilets were until she was absolutely desperate.

And finally, one from earlier today! It was around the start of lunchtime, I was sat at my desk when I saw a slim and attractive Indian woman walk past, in her early 30s, wearing tight jeans and sexy black knee length boots. She walking quickly towards the toilets when someone called her name, and she turned around to speak to him. As they spoke, she stood with her arms folded, dancing from foot to foot and tapping her toes on the ground. She was clearly bursting for a pee, and spent the whole conversation fidgeting around, almost pee dancing. She managed to get away after a minute or so, and she quickly hurried into the toilets. She came out a couple of minutes later looking very relieved.

*011*2015-01-27 21:43

Another sighting I’ve just remembered. I used to work with a girl called Hayley – early 20s, slim, brown hair, very cute and chatty. She absolutely loved tea, she would drink cup after cup and as a result I would sometimes see her hurrying to the loo after being stuck in a meeting or after sitting fidgeting at her desk stuck on a conference call. I remember one day when I caught her particularly bursting to go. We had some clients in and she was one of the presenters involved in demoing a product for them, and I noticed her taking a big mug of tea into the meeting room with her. She had only just finished drinking her last cup of tea a few minutes before, so I knew she’d be very desperate to go by the time the demo had finished.

After about two hours, they decided to take a quick break and walked out of the meeting room. Hayley was one of the first people out, and I noticed her looking very tense, biting her lip as she walked towards her desk. She was carrying her meeting notes and her empty mug, chatting to her manager who was walking with her. As she got closer, I noticed that her cheeks were flushed and she flashed me a pained smile as she walked past me. I heard her say to her manager ‘Ok sure, I’ll just send it quickly’ before walking quickly to her desk, just opposite where I was sitting.

She logged onto her laptop, but instead of sitting down she stayed standing up, crossing her legs tightly and leaning forwards. She was clearly bursting for a wee but had been asked to send some important information to her manager prior to the next part of the meeting. She bobbed up and down slightly, leaning over her laptop as she sent the email, uncrossing her legs and recrossing them the other way. After a minute or so of fidgeting around at her desk, she straightened up and said to her colleague ‘Back in a second, I’m dying to go to the loo’, flashing a cheeky smile as she began to walk out of the office. I took the opportunity to go myself, but really I just wanted an excuse to stall her for a little while longer.

I walked towards the office door, holding it open for her as I went through. She smiled and thanked me, and I took the opportunity to ask her how the demo was going so far. Despite the fact she must have been desperate for the loo, she was quite happy to chat to me as we walked and tell me how it was going. We were stood in the lobby of the building, just outside the toilets, and she was her usual cheerful self, but she was very fidgety, dancing from foot to foot and crossing her legs very tightly. Even though she was practically pee dancing in front of me, she made no attempt to cut the conversation short, and seemed to be quite happy to chat despite being desperate for a wee. After about 10 minutes of fidgeting and dancing around, she glanced at her watch. ‘Sorry better go, I need to nip to the loo before I go back in’ she said, smiling and doing a cute little curtsey before saying bye to me and walking quickly into the toilets.

I also once saw her desperate in a meeting when I was lucky enough to be sat next to her. She was drinking her usual cup of tea, finishing off her large mug within the first 10 minutes. The meeting dragged on for just over an hour, and as it went on she started to bounce her legs around under the table, crossing and uncrossing them every so often. During the last few minutes she was bouncing her legs almost constantly, crossing and uncrossing them more frequently and resting her hand in between her thighs. She wasn't saying much and kept biting her lip, clearly focusing on holding on until the meeting was over. After the meeting was over, I needed to go as well, and both of us walked quickly out of the office towards the toilets. 'I really need a wee' she said jokily as we made our way there, and I replied that I did as well. 'If it had gone on any longer I would've had to ask for a quick loo break!' she said laughing, before hurrying into the toilets.

*013*2015-01-28 22:00

{{:

That was rather naughty of you to stall her like that Despguy

}}

It was a bit, but she seemed quite happy to stand there and chat despite being quite obviously bursting. I remember once she did the same thing to me when I was dying to go!

Here is another sighting I remember from when I used to work in a shop as a cashier. Not strictly office desperation but its still a good one:

Around midday, I noticed that another cashier who was also my supervisor, Emma (early 20s, cute, blonde and curvy, wearing our work uniform of polo shirt and tight black trousers) was dancing from foot to foot with her arms folded, and she seemed quite tense and flustered when normally she was very relaxed and easy going. She had not had a break since the store opened about 3 hours before, and clearly was wanting to go to the loo badly but we had been quite busy, and she had not found any time to go. During a brief quiet moment, she leaned over my till and said to me quietly 'Just going to the loo, back in a sec'.

She only took a couple of steps before a customer stopped her and began to ask her questions about a purchase they had made. It turned out that the customer wanted a refund, so Emma had to delay her much needed pee break while she processed the refund, which took a good few minutes. By the time she had finished that, the tills were now busy again and her chance to nip to loo had passed. I saw her stood behind her till, serving customers with her usual polite smile but she was blushing and was fidgeting around, crossing her legs and sometimes bobbing or bending forwards slightly as she served her customers. After she'd finished serving one customer, she glanced at me and bit her lip, giving me a pained looking smile and bouncing on the spot before greeting her next customer.

After another few minutes, the tills were fairly quiet again. Emma walked towards my till and resumed her pee dancing, biting her lip as she checked her watch. 'I really need the loo, but the guy from the garden centre will be here in a second so I'll just have to wait' she said, dancing from foot to foot. Part of her job as a supervisor was to cash the mornings takings from our gardening store next door, which took a good 15 minutes. Right on cue, he came in with the takings and Emma had to lock herself in the office with him. I could only imagine her shifting around in her seat, trying to hang on and not let on she was bursting for a wee while trying to count the takings and make sure their till would have enough change for the afternoon. By the time they had finished, the store was busy again.

Emma came out of the office and walked over to the tills, looking worriedly at the queue of customers waiting. By now she must have been really desperate, but was trying hard to be polite and professional when talking to customers. She looked really flustered, rosy cheeked and could hardly stand still, dying to run off for a pee but there was no time to go while it was so busy.

After around 10 minutes, the store began to quieten down again. Emma was standing at the end of my till, dancing from foot to foot and looking absolutely frantic. As I finished serving the last customer in my queue, she gave the customer a cute smile. 'Thanks, have a good day!' she said brightly, before leaning forwards to speak to me quietly, crossing her legs. 'Oh thank god, I can go for a wee now! Back in a minute' she said breathlessly, grinning and hurried off to the loo. She came back looking much more relieved.

I also had a cute blonde manager when I worked there who seemed to put off going for a wee until she was really desperate, which led to a few nice sightings. I will write these up when I next get chance.

*017*2015-01-29 21:29

{{:

Love the new sightings, especially the meeting one, I always love the idea of people stuck in meetings with steadily filling bladders.

}}

Just remembered another good sighting from another morning meeting I was in. I was sat next to a cute Chinese girl - short, slim, early 20s, dark hair, wearing skinny jeans and a tight t-shirt (it was a 'casual Friday'). She brought in a large mug of coffee which she finished off within just a few minutes. After about an hour I noticed her getting steadily more fidgety, crossing and uncrossing her legs under the table, and when she had her legs uncrossed she was bouncing one knee quickly up and down, resting her hands in her lap. She kept making frequent glances at the clock, looking anxious as we still had another 30 minutes scheduled. I wondered why she didn't excuse herself so she could nip to the loo, but as there were some quite important colleagues in the room, I'm guessing she was too embarrassed to just walk out.

Towards the end of the meeting she could hardly sit still, and she spent the last few minutes sat right on the edge of her chair, bouncing her legs frantically and fanning her thighs in and out, biting her lip and anxiously trying to pay attention to what was being said in the meeting rather than the pressure in her bladder. Nobody else could see her fidgeting, as she was just about keeping her composure above the table (despite being rosy cheeked and looking slightly flustered), but under the table she couldn't keep her legs still even for a second. As the meeting started to overrun slightly, she seemed to be getting more and more anxious, constantly shifting position in her seat and biting her lip, tapping her hands on her jiggling thighs.

When the meeting finally ended, she was first out of the room. She hurried to her desk, trying to keep her thighs pushed together as she walked, put down her notepad and mug and headed straight for the toilets. 'Need a wee!' she whispered as she hurried past me, giving me a cute and embarrassed looking smile.

*020*2015-01-31 21:00

A couple more sightings from when I used to do shop work. One of the shop managers was an attractive, curvy bubbly blonde in her late 20s called Carla who seemed to put off going to the loo for ages, usually because she was too busy to find time to go.

I remember once she was pee dancing while waiting to take one of the tills off to be cashed up at the end of the day. She was bouncing up and down while pushing one thigh across the other, swapping between legs every few seconds, pacing around and looking like she was about to burst. She certainly wasn't shy about needing to go so badly and made no effort to hide her pee dancing. She was getting impatient as another staff member was making a purchase at that till, and kept changing his mind about a certain item. In the end, he decided he wanted something else, so he walked off to get the other product off the shelf.

She called after him 'Ooh hurry up, I need a wee!'. She laughed and bent forwards, turning to the girl on the till. 'Wish he'd hurry up, I'm bursting. I haven't had chance to go all day'. She danced around for another minute or so, during which time another manager asked her why she couldn't stand still. 'Because I'm desperate for a wee!' she replied with a cheeky grin and danced some more. before he came back with the item. 'Oh please hurry up!' she said laughing as he walked back to the till deliberately slowly to tease her. The cashier quickly finished the sale off and Carla hurriedly took the till away to the office, handing it to the supervisors before rushing off to the loo.

There was also another time when it was very cold outside, and was pretty chilly inside the shop as well. Carla came walking past the tills during the late afternoon and stopped to chat to us, as the shop was fairly quiet. I noticed her dancing from foot to foot, and I wasn't sure if it was because she was just cold or because she needed to pee, until she said 'I need the loo but the breakroom is freezing and I don't want to pull my trousers down!'. She laughed and bent forwards with her hands on her thighs, before straightening up and bouncing slightly. Someone suggested that she'd have to wait until she got home, and she replied 'I've been waiting for ages, I'm not sure I can last that long!'. I did see her about an hour later looking more relaxed, so she must have bitten the bullet and used the loo at some point despite the cold!

I also remember one evening where we had an event on, and Carla was out at the front of the car park, directing the cars. She had been drinking a large mug of coffee before she went out. After about two hours, I was sitting in the breakroom with a couple of my co-workers when Carla came rushing in, looking red faced and flustered. She smiled and stopped for a chat, and at the same time started doing a very obvious pee dance - shifting from foot to foot and pushing her thighs together, not making any effort to disguise it. After a couple of minutes she bent forwards and said 'Ooh I need to go for a wee, I've been dying for the past hour!' and rushed out of the room towards the staff toilets.

*024*2015-03-07 13:26

A couple more:

A few months ago we had a team meeting at a hired venue, and there were only two single toilets which led to a couple of desperate women! During the early afternoon, a cute blonde woman in her 30s was stood shifting from foot to foot, waiting outside the locked female toilet. She was chatting to someone and they commented on the fact that she couldn't stand still. She laughed and bent forwards before resuming her foot-to-foot dance, saying 'I really need the toilet!'. They suggested that she use the men's one, but that turned out to be in use as well. She fidgeted around for another minute or so until the female toilet became free, and she rushed in for relief.

Towards the end of the day, a gorgeous brunette woman in her late 20s hurried towards the toilets, only to find the female toilet in use. She sighed in frustration and crossed her legs tightly, before glancing round and darting into the men's toilet. She came out after a couple of minutes and another woman waiting for the loo saw her coming out of the men's. The brunette woman laughed, blushing slightly, and said 'I couldn't wait, I was bursting!'.

During a coffee break, a small queue had formed outside the female toilet. I was stood chatting to some colleagues when I noticed than one of the women in our group, an attractive blonde lady in her 40s, was standing with her legs very tightly crossed. She was drinking a cup of tea while chatting to us, but every so often she would glance over at the queue, and occasionally would uncross her legs before crossing them the other way. At one point, she turned to the woman stood next to her and said quietly 'I need to go to the loo but there's a queue'. The other woman laughed and said hopefully she would not have to wait too much longer. After a few more minutes of leg crossing, she put down her cup of tea and went to wait outside the loo, standing with her arms folded and legs very tightly crossed until it became free and she hurried in.

