Account of my one and only accident as an adult

Author: Jodan

*000*2013-05-21 23:46

I've been apprehensive about posting this. As I said before it seems that in general, most people here seem interested in female wetting more so that male wetting, myself included. But I figure maybe someone will enjoy the story... there's bound to be a girl or two out there that likes male wetting accidents, right? I'll conveniently ignore other possibilities, lol.

So anyway, my story took place in the summer of '06 when I was 21 years old. I had a full time job and my own little humble place. I had recently started playing music with a group of people who practiced twice a week at a location that was over two hours from my house one way. I was really enjoying playing with them though, so I made the drive twice a week. I'd get off work, drive about two and a half hours there, we'd practice till ten or eleven at night, then I'd drive back home and get there around one in the morning. It was grueling, but I was up for it.

Anyone who has played in a band can attest that it gets hot as hell inside a small band room. So naturally, I was drinking something at all times. I had a two beers, then I don't know how many water bottles and sodas over the next three or four hours. After practice I could feel that I needed to pee but I was absolutely certain that I could make it home no problem. I'd wet myself a few times growing up deliberately, but only once on accident way back when I was six. Other than that, unless I intended to I never even leaked. No matter how bad I had to go, I always seemed to be able to make it, so I loaded my stuff up into my car and started the drive home.

As I drove I found it increasingly more difficult to hold it without squirming. The path I took to and from practice went up and over the local mountains, so there was really nowhere to stop aside from the side of the road. I figured I'd only do that if I absolutely had to. So I kept driving and soon I was heading down the backside of the mountains on a very windy road. Over the last twenty minutes or so I had gone from needing to go bad but being alright, to breathing hard and occasionally grabbing myself. I considered pulling off somewhere but legitimately couldn't find a safe enough place. There was little to no shoulder anywhere on this road and I still complain about it to this day... its unsafe...

By the time I reached the bottom of the mountain about two hours into my drive, not far from home, I felt light headed and thought that if I so much as tried to get out of my car I'd lose control. So I, in a somewhat panicked and unclear state of mind, decided that I'd just try to make it home rather than stop somewhere and risk an accident while getting the restroom keys from an attendant or something. Anyway, I continued to drive feeling light headed and shaky, almost kind of numb, trying my best to keep my bladder muscles contracted. And I actually made it all the way home without incident.

I got out of my car and walked on shaking legs up the stairs to my apartment. But when I got to the door and felt for my keys, they weren't there. My key ring at the time was a worn out heap, so it had a habit of dropping keys. When I realized the keys weren't there it was like my need doubled. I stood trying to search my pockets while squirming like a little kid. I found that they weren't there and turned to head back to check my car. I half way down the steps I felt a kind of hot shiver pass over me and felt my crotch go warm. I barely even felt it, but I knew what was happening. I got control of it and hobbled to my car.

Once there I opened the door and tried to look around for my apartment keys. When I was bent over checking under the divers seat I felt a sudden spasm and lost a pretty large spurt. I saw a wet spot about the size of a quarter form on my jeans. I grabbed my crotch and bared down but it was no good. I lost another spurt and felt the pee soak through the fabric of my jeans and wet my hands. Now my knees were shaking like crazy and I felt spurt after spurt start soaking my hands. I looked down and saw a wet spot spreading beyond the coverage of my hands, so I pulled them away and stared at the growing wet spot in semi-disbelief.

I have a fairly large bladder, so it was bad. The whole front of my crotch and down both legs, my socks and shoes, even the very bottom of my shirt was wet in the front by the time I was finished peeing my pants. I stood in the parking lot and thanked my stars that it was so late. After a few minutes I could finally quit shaking and went back to my car. Of course, I found the key's in between the driver's seat and the center console. I had simply missed them because I was panicking. I went up to my apartment and prayed that my neither my roommate nor his girlfriend would be up. Luckily they were both asleep and I managed to slip in unnoticed.

So that's the story of the time I held it too long and peed myself at age 21. Luckily nobody found out, except for you guys now... Hope someone enjoyed it.

*003*2013-06-01 15:30

Glad to hear you enjoyed it. I must admit I'm flattered to have my experience referred to a "kinda hot." Thanks so much for the kind words. I have other experiences but thats the only true accident I've had as an adult. I've held it till I couldn't a few times and had a few partial accidents as well. I'm up to share but not to push it on anyone, so if you're interested let me know.

*005*2013-06-01 20:37

I'll be glad to share but I'm away from home and posting with this device is painfully slow. Bare with me though and I'll post it when I get home in a week or two. I wont have proper computer access till then. But I'll try not to leave anyone hanging for too long. Thanks again for the interest.

*009*2013-06-09 18:04

Alright, this will actually be attempt number two at posting this. Hope it works.

So I've actually got two wettings to tell, one from deliberately holding and an accident the next day. As I said I'm staying out of town right now, normally I live with room mates and have little privacy. So being out of town and alone, I took the opportunity to indulge myself a bit.

I arrived back at my room on monday afternoon needing to pee pretty bad. For those who want to know, I wore blue jeans and a basic grey t-shirt. I was having to squirm a little already and was about to go use the toilet when the idea came, so instead I grabbed a soda from the fridge and decided to hold it till I lost control.

My bladder was already full when I got there, so by maybe an hour after drinking that soda I was very desperate. I was pacing around frantically, my hands jammed in my crotch and breathing in fast shallow breaths. After another few minutes I felt shakey, my body kind of started quivering and I felt a rather large squrt of pee soak the crotch of my boxers. A small wet spot appeared just to the right of my zipper. I tried to clamp down and my body just said no. I felt an intense shiver come over me and my bladder started to give. Another squirt escaped, then another as the wet spot expanded. I tried one more time to stop, and started coming out full force. Pee flooded through my boxers and jeans running down my legs. By the time I was empty I was completely soaked and a biggish puddle was spreading on the floor of my little hotel mimi-kitchen area.

I cleaned up, took a shoer and, finished my fun... ;)

More to come shortly.

*010*2013-06-09 21:44

After my 'on purpose accident' I felt like my bladder muscles were really stained. I was actually a little sore from it, like I had done a bunch of sit ups. Well, the next day it felt pretty normal so I kind of forgot about it. Toward the late afternoon I realised that I was out of bread to make the next day's lunch, so I looked up the location of the nearest grocery store and started walking (flew out here so I don't have my car). It was a fair shot further than I thought, it took me close to an hour to reach the store. It was almost dark out now, so I hurriedly got a loaf of bread and joined the line to pay the cashier. Oh yeah, again for those who care, I was wearing slacks that were a really dark brown, almost black, and a long sleeve grey shirt.

While waiting in line (the first time standing still since I started walking) I noticed I needed to pee, it was at the point of "need to go but not an emergency." Seeing as how it was getting dark I decided to just hurry back to the hotel with my purchase and go pee when I got there. It seemed like a perfectly plausible plan of action to me, so I didn't even give it a second thought. I didn't need to go all that bad yet plus there was a line of kids at the restroom (struck me as odd, maybe something to do with school trip? I don't know). So I began my walk home.

Well, after about ten minutes I was starting to think leaving the store without using the restroom might have been a mistake. The pressure in my bladder was building at an alarming rate and it was already getting very hard to hold it. By the time I was half way on my walk, I knew there was no way I'd make it. I was already walking funny and starting to feel shakey again. I was most concerned at how quickly my need was increasing. A couple block ahead I knew there was a small town type shopping center that had a gas station among the businesses located there, but it seemed so far. I had no other options though, I dadn't want to risk getting in trouble for whipping it out and peeing on the side walk... accidents may be embarrassing but they don't result in an indecent exposure charge. So I resolved to keep dry and tried to reach the gas station.

It wasn't so easy though, every third or forth step I'd have to stop in place a do a frantic pee dance and grab myself to keep it from coming out. I enjoy wetting but not in public. So I was really starting to worry that I wouldn't make it in time. Somehow I managed to reach the gas station without leaking. I tried my best to look not so desperate while asking if there was a public restoom, but that was a total failure. The cashier looked at me funny and pointed to the back of the store. Relief was in sight but I was also right on the verge of losing that first squirt, and in my experience once that happens its all over. I ran/hobbled over to the restroom and to my horror, at was occupied. I stood outside the bathroom shaking Ihad to go so bad. Then it happened.

A familiar shiver passed over me and I felt pee squirt into my pants. Only it really wasn't a squirt,more like a short gush. I felt absolute panic as the crotch of my slacks went a darker color as the first gush of pee surged through the fabric. I clamped down as hard as I could but I couldn't totally stop the flow. A slow trickle punctuated by sporadic heavy spurts continued to soak my pants. All I could think was Ihad to get out of there, even if the person came out of the bathroom right then, it was too late. So I took off headed for the exit, losing more and more spurts as I walked. With each spurt the wet spot expanded and I was starting leave a trail of pee droplets on the floor. But believe me, this gets even worse...

I was wet almost to my knees and start to pee full force when I reached the exit... Right as a girl who looked to be near my age was coming the opposite way going into the little station store. She stopped in her tracks and gave me a shocked look I broke eye contact and looked down as I rushed past her, still peeing. Once outside I just stood in place not knowing what do and totally flooded my pants . Pee poured down my legs and soaked my shoes then spread out on the side walk in a sizable puddle. I tuned back and saw the girl still staring at me with a look that seemed to say "oh you poor thing" on her face. I said nothing and just walked away.

The rest of the walk was pretty miserable. I had to walk through the lobby in obviously peed in pants, and people saw. When Igot to my room showered, changed and then went make my lunch for the next day and... wait a minute... WHERE'S THE BREAD??? The best Ican figure is I set it down somewhere before entering the gas station, and I just forgot it in my embarrassment. So the whole thing was a complete waste. I walked what I later learned was 8 miles all together and spent $3.85 so I could wet my pants in public... at age 28... nice job, Dummy! Well hopefully some will enjoy the story at least.

*017*2014-06-29 17:38

Wow, thanks for all the positive feedback! I'm glad that people are enjoying reading about these incidents.

*022*2014-08-03 03:09

Haha! This is the post that just keeps on living. Again, I'm really glad that people enjoy it and appreciate all the kind comments. Perhaps if I ever get brave I'll post a pic or two... but I'm not entirely sure about that yet. We'll see.

