Tried To Distract Her

Author: tmivelaz

*000*2014-07-25 13:28

So this happened to me YEARS ago with an ex girlfriend of mine. We dated for 11 months and then she ended it with which she realized she made a mistake leaving me (which isn't my problem). But the time that we went out, we always had a great time in whatever we did. Couple things that I'll never forget about her though, she was never shy in when it came for her to pee! 

She would always have to say, "I have to pee" and go and take care of business. Whenever we would have fun together in bed (I won't go into details cause you all can imagine) lol, I would get her to the point and we would still play around afterwards. Everytime though, once done, she would always say, "I have to go pee" and everytime, I would always try to distract her to so she would have to hold on while we still had fun. I did one time keep her distracted where she almost wet the bed. She did spring a good leak until she jumped out of bed and ran for the bathroom. As she ran to the bathroom, she did end up leaving a little trail. Of course I never heard the end of that though ;)

*002*2014-07-27 13:44

{{ 

Sounds like you guys had a really fun relationship. I hope to someday find a girl I can share a relationship like this with.

}}

We did have a really fun relationship. Whenever we were in the mood, we would go for it and everytime we would finish after awhile, she would always exclaim that she had to pee. She wasn't really into wetting at all, but I thought I'd try to delay her time having to go pee right away to see what would happen and I did once which I ended up getting it afterwards lol.

*005*2014-08-01 01:53

{{ 

I love it when pee trails are left behind!! Lol

I have had to burst so badly at the airport after getting off a long plane that I left a pee trail through the airport lol!!!

}}

I so would've loved to have witnessed that :) I probably would've felt like I was in heaven if I witnessed a girl actually doing that or even wetting herself right there

