Oh, I can't use your bathroom? Let me poop in my pants, then.

Author: galaxyfruit

*000*2015-09-05 18:47

Today, being labor day weekend, I went swimming with my family in the city-maintained lake behind the Community Association clubhouse. These things are free for association members to use, but we pay thousands in homeowner association fees every year, since you have to if you own a home in city limits. It's just how it works.

Obviously, with something like this, you're going to have people who rent or who live outside city limits who try to use the facility. They usually do so successfully, but occasionally (I've only seen it happen two or three times) the security does a "sweep" where they check the beach for community association ID cards, and also you have to show ID to get into the clubhouse building.

Today while swimming with my mom and my brother and sister, I had a bad stomach cramp and needed a bathroom IMMEDIATELY. I got out of the water and ran up to the doors of the clubhouse building, half waddling to keep everything inside.

The security guard met me at the door, and asked for my CA ID. I told him (while dancing and crossing my legs, half bent over to avoid messing myself) that my mom was the homeowner and I didn't have a card, since I'm only twenty, and I'm sure he believed me because I look like I'm fourteen.

He said without a cardholder, he couldn't let me in. I scanned the area for my mother, clenching, barely holding it in. I realized she'd probably gone to the parking lot on the other side of the building to smoke a cigarette, as the beach is smoke-free.

It was starting to come out. I could feel it forcing its way out of me, beyond my control. I knew I wouldn't make it to the parking lot. I told him thank you for his time and ran back down the sand to the water, releasing bits of soft poop, loading my pants with every step.

Once I was waist-deep in the lake water, I made sure I was at least ten feet away from anyone else, and I just let go, pushing the mess into my loose, black, boyshort swim bottoms. That's the moment my mom decided to come back from her smoke break. She asked me, still pooping, how my brother and sister were doing. I panicked and clenched, telling her they were fine, just playing in the shallow water.

I swam out a little deeper, maybe chest deep, and continued relieving myself. Most of the soft mess (think crunchy peanut butter consistency) had just flowed out the leg holes of my loose shorts-like bottoms, unseen in the already somewhat murky water, but some clung to the fabric. Under the water, I pulled the bottoms down a little and shook them, and it all came out easily in the water. I swam back to my family and no one was the wiser.

I'm not pleased or proud of what happened, and I know it was gross. I didn't really have another choice, though. To be fair, fish poop in that water all day, every day, and no one complains about that.

*002*2015-09-06 02:26

{{ 

First I would like to thank you for not using words like shit. It always ruins it for me, which is why I can barely get through a messing story. I am sorry that happened to you but thank you for sharing it.

}}

I never has any idea which words I'm supposed to use, so I just go with my instinct. I don't really curse a whole lot, so "shit" wouldn't feel right. I want it all to be as innocent as possible.

*007*2015-09-06 18:37

{{ 

It's a question and not a judgement, but what's with all the messing stories on this board lately? I thought this was an omorashi board, so, wetting, and mayby peeing, not messing...

Don't get me wrong, I'm not judgeing, nor trying to play moderator, as that's definitely not my place, but seriously, shit grosses me out and I'm sure I'm not alone.

}}

Sorry if it grosses you out. I thought it was all under the same category, as there is a TON of overlap (I dare to say the majority?) and so these were allowed; I've seen enough of them. If you're grossed out by it, perhaps you shouldn't click on something with a title clearly labeling it as a messing story? Just an idea.

I don't usually tag my stories because I just don't think to do so, but if it involves messing or anything sexual that I think anyone might be uncomfortable with, I either make it clearly known in the title or at least in the first couple sentences.

*009*2015-09-07 00:58

{{ 

Great story though! that was some quick thinking on your part

}}

Thank you!

*011*2015-09-10 01:02

{{ 

Messing remains covertly popular on the board... I'm still hoping for a messing sub-section like the one for abdl. While AB stories and images make me uncomfortable, I simply ignore them.

Great story though! that was some quick thinking on your part

}}

Also, being an ageplayer, I find the idea of an ABDL board pretty interesting. Where the heck are they hiding this?

*013*2015-09-11 00:15

{{ 

I think it's the diapers sub-forum that they are referring to as the ABDL section.

}}

I dare say that's completely different.

*016*2015-09-15 15:38

{{ 

It's hard to impossible to find a messing forum as tame, safe, social and well-orginized as Omorashi.org is as a wetting forum (Atleast on the free sites that I know).

I can understand why alot of people would prefere to stay and post here where it's "safer".

}}

I really do like it here. The stories generally aren't overly pornographic in nature, which makes me a lot more comfortable with them. That's why it bothers me a little when someone replies "Oh your story is so hot/sexy/arousing!" I realize this is kind of a fetish forum and that's cool and all and so it's to be expected, but I'm not really writing to get anyone off. I'm just... Sharing to share. That being said, when it comes to the sexual aspect, this forum is a lot tamer than many.

