Pee accident on an airplane

Author: siegala

*000*2015-04-01 10:01

I just found this short entry, which was posted on different internet-forums about 3 years ago - the female poster asked the re comunities what she might do in the future, I she would get into the same situation again. I just thought I would share this here, as it seems very genuine:

"I was flying back from a business trip last night, along with my immediate superior and another member of our sales team. The flight was several hours into New York and I was asleep for most of it. When I woke up, I had an urgent need to use the bathroom, but the fasten seatbelt sign was on due to turbulence. Long story short, due to delays from turbulence and circling the airport, I was not allowed to use the restroom, despite my urgent pleas to the flight attendants to allow me to use it. I actually got up twice to use the restroom, but was sent back to my seat. The second time, they threatened to have me arrested on landing if I did not listen.

I ended up peeing in my pants twenty minutes before we landed. It was quite obvious, since I was wearing a light grey suit. Little was said about my accident by my co-workers, but I am so embarrassed that I decided to take today off. How do you think I should handle this with my co-workers, and does anybody have suggestions on what to do if I find myself in this situation again? I am 28 yo female if that helps."

I really think, this a very genuine account - anyway, I admire the the courage of the woman to put this on different internet forums, especially, as she was quite obviously very embarrassed... Just wanted to share my finding with our community, as it really fits here - true desperation and wetting from real life!

*002*2015-04-01 14:01

{{:

I am sure it happens a lot too bad but part of life.

}}

Sure - for us desperation lovers it is always something special, I would say! ;-)

*006*2015-04-02 09:47

{{:

I've wet myself on an airplane several times, but always wearing protection. Since I was little I've always worn a pullup (or changed into a more serious diaper) when travelling for more than like a 45 minute flight. You never know and with my UI problems as a youngster this just made sense. That would be my recommendation.

}}

Sure that would be the best safety measure - not only for plane flights. Have you had to use it because of similar situations, i.e. not being allowed to use the toilets due to the fasten seatbelt sign on...?

*009*2015-04-04 05:54

{{:

She did not appear too worried that she had wet herself, mainly what her co-workers might have thought about it!

}}

Yes, this seems to be her biggest concern. There is even a short follow-up up on the forum (one day later) where she writes that she just learned that one of her co-workers told some other members of the staff about her accident. As a result, she was seriously thinking about quitting her job!

I guess she is just a "normal" person who simply couldn't even imagine to ever get caught into a situation where she might be forced to pee herself as an adult. Therefore this event was probably quite traumatizing for her, the fact that it happened in front of her co-workers seemed to make it quite unbearable...

*011*2015-04-04 09:59

{{:

Great story ,i like it

}}

Yes, me too! ;-) Unfortunately we don't have any further details how the whole story (and her desperation) evolved - but I would have very much liked to be on that plane and witness (sitting next to her!? ;-)) this incident step by step - must have been a lucky shot for any desperation lover!

*012*2015-04-05 05:03

Hello danitiger!

Thanks for sharing the hot desperation story of your ex girlfriend on the plane! Another very exciting account for desperation fans!

And despite her embarrassment, she was in fact very lucky! At least she was able to get up and go to the toilet just in time (somehow...).

Just imagine that - like in the posting I shared - the fasten seatbelt sign would have been on. As desperate as she obviously was, she would have ended up peeing herself completely in her seat very soon, I guess!?

*015*2015-04-16 05:51

{{:

Great story! I almost have had accidents on planes several times because I hate using those little bathrooms and you aren't allowed to form a line. When I flew back this last time, I woke up from a nap and barely made it to the bathroom.

}}

Great story from you, katiepee!!

Allow me to say that I just like to imagine the fasten seatbelt sign being on when you woke after your nap!

*018*2015-05-12 06:46

{{:

Poor girl from the first story! Very cute and exciting to read, though hehe...

}}

Yes indeed!! ;-)) And she is definitely not into desperation, wetting, etc. Therefore she spares all the details, we would be interested in... Anyway, you can easily let your fantasy play about her long suffering, her hopes that she may be allowed to use the toilet, hopes that the turbulences might stop, that the circling around the airport might not take too long and she will be able to hold it till they are on the ground, etc., etc.!

*021*2015-05-12 12:11

Yes, I can feel this dilemma too...

But our fetish is so much about getting turned on by "loss of control" (in a multifold meaning) that we just have accept this "sadistic" element - even if it makes use feel ambivalent...

*023*2015-05-15 06:41

{{:

I have only almost wet myself once on the plane, so I know how she must have felt!

3

}}

Sounds hot! ;-) Would you mind to tell as bit more how your experience on the plane was....?

