Peeing Through my Panties (with pictures)

Author: 123Jaz

*000*2015-02-01 19:05

So I was out pretty much all day and I got back about 4 hours ago and I still hadn't used the bathroom, I didn't have to go badly or anything. I started having to go kind of bad after I had my dinner about and hour ago and I could feel an ache in my bladder so I decided to go pee.

I felt like being naughty so instead of pulling everything down and peeing I decided I would just pee through my panties into the toilet to prevent mess. I sat down on the toilet with my panties on and it took a minute or so but pee began to dribble out and wet my pink satin panties. I could feel it up by my bum. I reached in between my legs and slowly started to rub as I continued to flood my panties.

After I finished, I wrung out my panties whilst still wearing them so I didn't get pee everywhere when I stood up and then brushed a towel between my legs and dumped it in the wash and pulled my leggings back up over my wet panties. Right now I can feel a lovely wet patch up against my throbbing wetness and my bum. I took some photos for you guys, it's kind of hard to see the pee marks though ):

*004*2015-02-01 19:30

{{:

Lovely pictures :D

}}

Thank you! I wasn't sure about the first one because my thighs are awful!{{

Nice looking lacey panties!

}}

I love them! They're nice and silky!

*006*2015-02-01 19:32

{{:

Oh and very sexy panties too :)

}}

Thank you! They are one of my nicer pairs of panties!

{{:

They don't look awful to me, whats awful about them?

}}

Stretch marks, they're fat and far too pale!

*008*2015-02-01 19:34

{{:

They don't look awful to me either in fact your thighs look great.

They don't look awful to me either in fact your thighs look great.

}}

Awh thank you!

*010*2015-02-01 19:35

{{:

Nothing wrong with that

}}

I think they're awful

*014*2015-02-01 23:02

{{:

Amazing!

Sexy panties and I love the thought of you keeping them on all wet under your .

}}

They remained wet a while and it kept me excited ;)

{{:

Very nice!

}}

Thank you!

{{:

Lovely story and great pictures, and to back everyone up there's nothing wrong with your thighs they look great

}}

Thank you! And thanks, I hate them though!

*022*2015-02-02 16:19

{{:

Very sexy

Nothing wrong with your Thighs your delusional!

}}

Thank you!

Well some people have told me that before!

{{:

Very fashionable underpants!

}}

Thank you!

{{:

Great Pictures. And great thighs to :)

}}

Thank you very much!

{{:

Thanks for sharing your pics with us Jaz! sound like you had a lot of fun & I agree with everyone else on here, there is nothing wrong with your thighs.

}}

I had lots of fun! Thank you!

{{:

Excellent pictures - many thanks for sharing them! As everyone else says, there's nothing wrong with your thighs from that photo - although I'm sure they'd look much better wrapped around each other in desperation

}}

Hehehehe :3 thanks you! I'm sure they would!

{{:

Absolutely beautiful, and oh so very naughty. Your thighs look perfectly delicious :)

}}

Thank you sweetie!

{{:

Wow, you really had fun wetting and rubbing -- and exhibiting your wet panties -- and I had fun reading about your wetting and looking at the results! I'll be reading more of your posts for sure.

}}

Thank you! I really did! I'm glad! Yay!

*024*2015-02-02 16:52

{{:

Very cute pics! Very lovely. Thanks for sharing them.

}}

Thank you very much :3 hehehehehe

