Girlfriends accident

Author: Linkx

*000*2012-02-14 05:30

True story happened to my girlfriend when she was away traveling with her family... still can't believe I wasn't there. She wrot this account, I've had it up on Nyou fiction for a while.

This is a true story which happened to me while I was away on vacation last year…

It was a rather warm night in Budapest. During dinner I had begun to feel sort of sick, I couldn’t even finish my dessert.

We had scheduled a night tour around the city and I didn’t want to miss it (my mother spent SO much money for this trip) so I laid down for a bit before the tour began. I started feeling better so I decided to go.

My older sister and I sat in the back while my mother sat near the front. We looked around Buda for a while, nice views and all that buuuut it didn’t stay so peaceful. We were riding through Pest (for those who don’t know one side of the river is Buda and the other is Pest, they’re technically two different cities, anyway) and my stomach started to feel a bit off again.

I felt some pressure and tried to… “release it” if you get my meaning. I pushed a bit but it didn’t feel right so I stopped and thought a moment before trying again. It felt even less right and then it hit me. Something other than air was coming out!

In horror I looked to my big sister and attempted to tell her what just happened but my voice came out so pathetic she couldn’t understand what I said. Finally I was able to squeak out “I think I shit my pants!”

She sort of stared at me and then just started cracking up laughing. I followed suit, laughing pretty hard too while the front of the bus stared at us strangely. We got off and the guide showed us around, talking about… something but my sis and I were laughing so hard we couldn’t hear anything. We stayed near the back so we wouldn’t distract anyone, we didn’t really talk we just kept laughing.

My sister even made me make a signature face I do when something gross happens and took a picture of it (I hate that damn picture…). I remember saying at one point “oh god it itches” and my sister responded “oh god just stop I’m going to pee my pants!”

At one point my MOTHER came over. Talk about humiliating! She said quite harshly “why are you two back here cackling like hyenas?!” I begged my sister not to tell her because… well would you tell your mother? My sister pointed out it was too late to hide it and tried to tell mom but again we were laughing to hard. Finally she told her and my mother just stared at me for a moment then said “I’d say sorry but that is too funny” and wandered off.

My sister and I stared in shock then laughed again. We continued to wander through Pest and my legs got tired, I tried to sit down but my sis grabbed me and said “I wouldn’t do that”. It was funny but at this point neither of us knew for sure if I had or hadn’t shit my pants. (fun thing not to know for several hours, let me tell you!).

We finally made it back and my sister rushed me to the room to solve the mystery of the messed pants. Fun little tid bit; I was in a DRESS! Tights made it a little easier but it was still a worry that something would… leak through, it did not thankfully. I went to the bathroom and it was quiet for several minutes. My sister finally said “well!? Did you?”

In the most pathetic voice I had ever heard come from me, I responded “Get me a new pair of underwear, please…” A few minutes later I got online and told my very grateful boyfriend what happened… though he’s still so pissed off it happened while he was so far away.

Never go out on a tour of foreign city with an upset stomach or you’ll have a fun new “fun phrase” among your family and friends. “Pulling a Budapest” … to shit ones pants.

