Last wetting I saw until high school

Author: aqua

*000*2011-07-15 21:24

I was in 8th grade. It was spring and a nice warm day. I had finished my gym class, last period in the day, taken a shower and was combing hair in the bathroom section of the boy's locker room when I heard lots of talking and over the loud talking a girl's voice laughing hysterically. At first I didn't think much of it, but then realized it seemed to be coming from inside the locker room. Confused, I went to the opening between the bathroom and the main lockerroom. To my surprise and then total delight four boys whom I knew but not well were carrying a very pretty girl into the guys locker room. A few guys were still getting dress, some of them came into the bathroom for privacy, but a couple were standing around in their underwear watching events unfold.

The girl, whom I also knew and would become very good friends with later in high school (another story there, some other time) I'll call Susan. She was on the tall side, well developed and had nice legs. The boys were carrying her so that I had a perfect up her skirt as her legs were apart for most of the time they were bring her in. Everyone was laughing and Susan was saying in a half hearted kind of way, 'put me down, put me down..." and she kept squirming around trying to get herself free from the boys carrying her. As she struggled, laughing all the while, her skirt moved way up her thighs. I was immediately turned on looking at her blue cotton panties which were totally visible, as her legs were pretty far apart. I wasn't sure what to do: stand there gaping at the scene, look away, join in the fun (although it wasn't clear what I'd do). 

So I stood there. All this happened quite quickly, although I lost sense of time. At some point one of the boys dropped her of Susan's legs, and she half way moved to the ground, but not falling, lying partly on her side. The boy who had been holding her began to pick up her leg again...Susan still hysterically laughing, and finally got her leg up and they walked further into the locker room, perhaps 10 feet from me. then all of a sudden, between laughs, Susan said, "Put me down, I'm peeing, I'm peeing..." I had been looking at her face and my eyes moved back to her panties and indeed they were getting wet, she seemingly spurting rather than flooding the relatively thin blue material. In the crotch they were turning transparent, her hair somewhat visible. I was hard as a rock and imagine I wasn't alone.

Still laughing Susan managed to say, "I'm wetting myself, I can't stop...please put me down." As she said this the flood gates opened and her pee poured through her panties making a puddle under her. We were all pretty surprised if not shocked and after a few seconds the boys put her down. She ended up lying on the floor in her puddle, by this time her skirt almost above her panties and still peeing massively and laughing, continuing to say, "I can't stop, I can't stop..."

But stop she did after a little while (maybe 5 or 10 seconds). Once her hands were free her first response was to try to stop the flow by putting her right hand over her now soaking panties to stop the flow, but that was hopeless so she just closed her legs and then after maybe another second or two, pulled her skirt down, all the while continuing to wet her panties. Indeed, she soaker her skirt, mostly in back, for once on the floor for a quick bit, she got up, but in the process giving me another great view of her now totally wet panties and her pubic hair. While still laughing, but not as hard as before, she stood up, now having stopped peeing, and realized how wet her skirt was: soaked in the back almost all over and somewhat wet here and there in the front.

She turned around ran out of the door into the girls' dressing room next door. I, along with the rest of us, were pretty speechless. I have no idea what the others thought of her wetting accident, but I almost came in my pants without touching myself, but felt so ashamed that seeing a girl wet her panties would do such a thing, didn't mention it to anyone else. Mostly we talked 'boy talk' about her panties, how they had hidden very little of her intimate parts, etc.

I saw Susan later. She was wearing gym clothes and I didn't mention what happened, although she knew I saw it all.

Some years later I asked her about it, and she remembered it in detail, but didn't seem too embarrassed about it, and although lots of kids in the school knew about her peeing accident, and she was teased some, it was good natured and she was not one to embarrass too easily. I didn't tell her how turned on her wetting accident had made me, but she knew I loved looking at her panties, since we talked about sex quite a bit later in high school. It wasn't until our senior year that I saw her have another, very different accident, but that's for another time.

*002*2011-07-15 22:53

You're right. I had written it up before....but this one was not a paste in of the earlier one...same story, you're correct...but hey, it was an amazing experience. I agree, the boys were kids of mean and I wouldn't have done that, but I sure did enjoy watching the results of a 'mean' act...although Susan knew those kids and she didn't seem to hold a grudge...and as I said, we talked about it some years later. At the time we said 'hi' and that was about it...later we became very close, intimate friends, but not girl/boy friends.

