Childhood experience

Author: ashishgamer

*000*2013-03-11 09:09

I remember an incident from my childhood. I was probably 10 years old then. We had a neighbor who had an 8 year old daughter named Muskan, same as my sister's age. It was a pretty small town and there were no other kids around where we lived. So, we used to play among ourselves (the usual games like chase and hide & seek). I remember once we were playing chase and Muskan told that she had to pee. I told her to go but she said she doesn't want to ruin the game so will go later. 

After about half an hour, my neighbor and my mother came and told that they were going some place for half an hour and will return soon. They also told that they had locked the door. After around 10 minutes, Muskan told that she had to pee badly. She ran to her house but noticed it locked. She came back and started doing a desperate pee dance and asked where she could go. I asked her to just hold for a couple of minutes until our mothers came back. She agreed and we continued our game. It was my torn so I started to chase them. I went after Muskan who started to frantically run as I was the fastest. She tripped on a stone and fell. She started to cry and immediately kept her hand on her crotch. I bent down to ask if she was hurt but she just shook her head and removed her hand. I was completely shocked to see that she was wetting herself! It was a great experience and I remember getting a boner even at that age. Later, she was scolded really bad by her mother

*002*2013-03-13 13:58

{{ 

She did well to hold on for over an hour after she already nneded to go enough to complain about it. Sounds like me actually - keeping putting off going to avoid interrupting some other activity, until it becomes suddenly very urgent. Understandable that she finally wet herself when she fell over. If she hadn't fallen she probably would have been able to last a bit longer.

}}

Yeah she was also always holding till the last moment. its been a long time since i saw her :)

*008*2013-03-29 08:39

{{ 

I dont know if this belongs in this topic,

But when i was a child (between 10 and 13 years) my best friend was a girl who always waited til the last second to go to the toilet. thinking back this was really strange and i cant tell if she liked holding it in that age but it seems so.

It was rarly the case that she needed to pee when we were somewhere outside, i remember just one time at a christmas market.

It was mostly when we were at here or my house. there always wasnt any sign of desperation but suddenly she started holding herself and got very nervous. everytime i asked her why she didnt go to the bathroom (which was always a possibility) she just answerd that she is too lazy right now even if she was nearly bursting at this moment. everytime she suddenly stood up and ran to the bathroom.

I never understood why she was always waiting.

I know that it wasnt because she had been shy or something, because we were like sisters and she wasnt shy either and it wasnt because she didnt dare to go the bathroom in my house because she nearly lived there because we were so close.

Sorry for my bad english :/

}}

Obviously she liked it. i have been into omorashi since i was 12 so i think its normal

