Girlfriend's accident

Author: uninspired34546

*000*2012-04-17 09:40

I'm new to this site and until I come up with some videos to post that aren't already here, I'll just write about some of my girlfriend's accidents (and she's had plenty). We've been together for almost 5 years now and have lived together for about the past 3, and on average it seems she has a genuine peeing accident about every 2-4 months. Sometimes it's just enough to soak thru her panties and run down her legs just a little when she's wearing a dress, and other times she'll completely soak her jeans. This is a story about when she completely soaked her jeans.

I had been visiting her (before we lived together obviously) when she was in college and she was dropping me off at a bar so I could visit a friend from out of town, and she said she had to pee really bad and didn't think she was going to make it. I suggested that she just park the car and come in for a quick pee and get on with it. But she acted like that was too much trouble and said she'd just go at home since it was only a few minutes away. So I had a few beers with my friend and he dropped me off at her apartment after a couple of hours (my truck was broken down at the time I think). I talked to her when I got there of course and we probably just watched a movie or something like usual and went to bed, little did I know she had completely lost control after she got home from dropping me off and flooded her panties and jeans before she went inside. But she didn't tell me until weeks later.

We were outside having a smoke and somehow started talking about times we'd almost had an accident or had an accident and she said "do you remember the other night when I dropped you off at the bar?" and she continued "Well I didn't quite make it." Of course I asked her for details and she continued. "I was about to pee in the seat while I was driving but managed to hold on. After I got out of the car I ran to the door and started trying to unlock it and realized I wasn't going to make it inside as pee had started running down my legs. So instead of getting it all over the from doorstep, I went around to the side of the house where I hoped nobody would see me and just stood there completely peeing my pants. 

I was wearing flip flops so I didn't ruin a good pair of shoes or anything, and then I walked back over to the door, unlocked it and went straight to the shower. I peed so much that I left a trail on the way to the shower and had to wipe it up. I rinsed out my jeans and hung them up to dry in my closet so know one would know and I was so thankful that my roommate wasn't home to witness what I did." I couldn't believe what I was hearing since I had seen some peeing videos like this on the internet, I always thought there's no way it actually happens in real life. I thought surely if someone was in that situation they would yank down their pants and squat, but I guess not. The story made me so fucking aroused, and of course not long after that you can imagine what we did. She knows I have a peeing fetish, and has commented a few times that we must've been destined for each other since she pees herself sometimes.

So that's one of my favorite stories, it happened about 3 years ago and I'll never ever forget it! I hope everyone enjoys it.

*005*2012-04-18 06:26

She seems to like it most of the time and gets into it, and she recently wet herself at work and told me about it after I picked her up because she knew I'd enjoy it. But there's been two or three times when she's not into it, but I suppose anybody could be sick of it at one time or another.

