Hannah just peed on my floor for no reason?!?

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2014-12-08 12:16

I've literally just experienced something amazing! Hannah is staying round mine today and tomorrow. She's just nipped to the shower (for reasons I'm about to make clear), and while she's in there I just have to quickly tell you about this. Forgive my typos and slip in writing quality, she doesn't know about this forum and I don't want her to catch me typing.

So we've been sitting watching last night's TV on my laptop, it just went to commercials with quite a funny link. We were sat at my desk, her on the computer chair (a hard plastic Argos product), and me on a stall. We were both laughing at the presenters as the sponsor ad came on and she just grabs her crotch and stops laughing. She kinda gulps then does this nervous giggle. She looks up at me, wide eyed and grinning ear to ear. Her hand firmly in her jeggings.

“I've gotta do this," she blurts out, then outright just spins round her chair and spreads her legs. Before I can think of a reaction I hear this furious hissing. I stare, not a clue what to say. With no lead up, not even a mention that she was feeling a little frisky, Hannah was outright peeing all over my floor! The sound was amazing as her hot pee sprayed through her jeggings, a thick stream bursting through and arching over the edge of the chair, splashing all over the floor.

I just sit there, staring. My jaw dropped. I just don't now how to react! She's sat in a puddle on the chair, a massive wet patch covering her crotch and a huge pale yellow pool on the floor.

Gently starting to rub herself through her clothes, Hannah looks up at me with a massive, naughty grin and simply says "That felt good." Still frozen to the spot I watch her getting more and more vigorous as she masterbates. She wasn't at all uneasy with me staring at her, it was as if I wasn't even in the room.

She finishes after quite some time, and asks if I can spare a towel to clean up with. She's just finished washing my floor and is now in the bathroom taking a shower. I'm feeling really horny!!

*003*2014-12-08 18:47

{{ 

...congratulations for being lucky enough to have that happen to you. I'd be extremely horny as well.

}}

I know right! Glad you enjoyed it x

{{ 

...this was clearly an invitation to at least help her with the masturbation...

}}

Hehe! She seemed to be doing a pretty thorough job herself...

*005*2014-12-09 17:29

{{ 

Charlie...I do believe that you are a little bit shy????? :unsure:Oh and Charlie.......hannah peed on your floor...not for no reason......but because she thinks you are friggin awesome......can you not see that it was a declaration of love?

}}

I do see that now... man I wish I hadn't frozen up!

