I wet myself

Author: SaintyBat

*000*2012-05-30 06:36

So my girlfriend and i were out and i was trying to convince her that it would be ok and no one would like beat her if she wet herself in public for me (she promised me she would do that soon). she had wet herself in front of our friends and in front of me but in public scares her to death. i didnt push her too hard because i didnt want her to do anyhing she didnt want to do but at one point i said, "babe would it make you feel better if i wet myself in public?" she said "yah sorta would you do it with me if i decide to do it tomorrow?" i said "sure" but i had another sort of plan in mind. we were walking to my car and i was already desperate and it would be another hour before i could even think about going so i said "hey boo" and she turned and said "yah?" 

And i didnt say anything but her eyes widened and she said "are you doing it?" i nodded and she looked at my pants which were quickly becoming darker and considerably wetter. she seemed awestruck by the whole thing. a puddle formed at my feet and my boots and socks were wet with pee by the time i finished. we were in a parking garage so not very many people saw (although some onlookers did) but it was in public all the same. she thought it was super cute that i did it for her and rather sexy as well. we went home and talked and she said she wanted to do it in public but was still too scared. oh well. i had fun trying ;) oh and did i mention i had to pick up several of my friends and drop them off places while wearing my wet pants? i was sneaky and they didnt see but it was certainly lots of fun.

<3 Saintybat

*003*2012-05-30 16:51

She swears to me that she actually likes it and she isnt just doing it for me. she liked watching me wet myself and she swears that the pressure is pleasurable for her and that she likes the feeling too....but i worry you know? cuz she wasnt into this when we got together and i worry that she is only doin it for me :/ but she promises she isnt but yah

