Wet mom

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2013-05-07 21:03

One of my male friend (not here) is into this subject too and he told me he have some pictures I can share. This is one of them. I dont know are they fake or real. He told me this for example happened when one mother was getting her daughter home to day care after work. Girl just wanted to play and was not able to leave her friends at the yard. Mom was really desperate to pee. She was giggling and hopping and tried to get her daughter with her. Eventually she had an embarrasing accident and they had to leave.

Real or photoshopped, but rather cool picture !!

*003*2013-05-08 21:40

Rather dark jeans and shadow side, but I feel little like you PWG.

*004*2013-05-08 22:19

However this post is genuine for sure. This poor girl peed herself in front of us. There were traffic lights red and something happened .

*006*2013-05-09 18:36

Biker photos have been taken over five years ago. Not much to tell. It was autumn and normal workday morning 8.30 am. We were walking with my friend toward our bus stop near my home. This (approximately 20 - 25 years) young woman had already stopped there when we reached that cross. Wetting was already started. Her capri length light green pants soaked more and more! Morning was not normal any more... She spoke anything. She just look across the street whole time and stayed still until lights turned green. In a minute she was gone, because she had a bike and we were walking.

Weird thing is that morning time. Because there is a hospital two kilometers behind that place, my guess is next: She was going to urine test and she was not allowed to pee before her test in the morning. Then she started to wet herself while riding to a hospital, did not wanted to be seen as a peegirl at the hospital and turned her bike back home. Or she just had too busy morning, angry boss and no time for morning pee ^_^ .

Only time in my adult life I have seen a real accident which happens to a grown woman... If my own accident is out of counts... (it is here somewhere).


