Peeing at the airport

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-07-05 17:27

Since I said I was gonna hold and measure today (which I really really wanted to do as I bought a ton of Powerade and other drinks last night for this!!!) but I can't since I got a little sick I thought I would make it up to you guys by writing about one of my past experiences from when I was flying back home from college a couple years back.

I was flying back home from college which I had to take 2 flights to get back. As I was still at the first airport I grabbed a drink at the airport with my boyfriend that I would be missing terribly over the summer break. I made sure to dress nicely that day in a pencil skirt, nice top and pumps. Then when I'd get home my family would see that I am becoming somebody with good taste haha. We sat at the bar and got outselves some margaritas and an appetizer. It felt great just talking after having a bit to drink (I'm a light weight so yes I am on cloud 9 after drinking even just half that margarita hahah!). I finished the drink and then we said our good byes as I ran off to go through security.

I got to my first flight within 20 minutes. There was nothing wrong with it all, maybe a bit bumpy but nothing was a concern. The first flight was only 45 minutes so before I knew it I was back at a seond airport which was Atlanta. When having a layover in Atlanta specifically (good tip for any of you that may be planning to catch a second flight in ATL and never have before) I always had to be so careful with catching my second flight!! I've had them change gates and even terminals on me(!!!) and sometimes even bump flight times up before!! So there is no "oh I'm gonna grab a coffee" before I first find the gate and see the time for leaving!! I rushed to the gate like usual that day and made it just in time before they shut the doors.

Once I was on the plane and found my window seat I thought "oh man...I have a window seat...I should have peed....." yet luckily I wasn't doing too bad, maybe like a 4 out of 10. I sat there as we left the gate and took off. About a good 20-30 minutes with our plane waiting in line to take off. The seat belt sign remained on as the pilot got on the speaker and said he was going to keep the seat belt sign on a little longer due to the rough weather.

We all sat there as the plane was going through some of the worst turbulance that I have ever experienced. Usually I love the feeling of it all but it was actually a little scary this time haha.

As time went on I kept drinking water, wanting to stay hydrated. I finished off my liter bottle that I bought in the airport. I was doing fine as I talked to the man sitting next to me. We joked and talked about my school and his work. I was knitting and working on sudoku puzzles. The drink and snack cart came through and I asked for their cran-apple juice. Instead they just gave me a can of it. So sweet! I didn't think much of it.

About an hour and a half in after I had finished off the cran-apple juice I thought "oh gosh now I should pee..." but just then I heard the sound where the seat belt sign came BACK ON!! I didn't even realize it had turned off even as I got caught up in socializing and all that haha. I sat there thinking about "ok there is only an hour left and I can wait a bit longer..." I would say I was at around a 7/10 now. I crossed my legs and tapped my foot some but this wasn't anything to worry too much about. I mean like who actually pees themselves in public I thought to myself.

As time crept on I could feel my bladder starting to bulge and the weight in my pelvis increasing quickly. I looking at my watch and there was just half an hour left. They would be starting the decent at ANYTIME NOW. And after flying so many time I just know the feeling of when the plane started pointing downward. I can just feel it. But I wasn't feeling that... The pilot gets on the speaker and says that they need to do one or 2 loop arounds to delay the landing as the airtraffic control tower is saying that they have a good number of flights coming in at this time. I am just thinking "oh my gosh I thought you all planned this out so specifically..." But I just sat there with my legs crossed, tapping my foot, hand on my throbbing bladder and clenching my teeth. I was starting to seriously worry as I was at a 9 by then and the plane was doing the 2 maybe even 3 loops. I couldn't tell as I was starting to bend forward in my seat with the pain starting to build.

Finally we began to decend and the man next to me asked if I was ok. I right away sat up and said "oh yea! Just get a bit light headed on planes" (COMPLETE LIE!! hahhaha). He kept talking to me some as nothing he said even registered with my brain. I was just trying to strategize how this all was going to work with me getting to a toilet to pee!!!!!

Finally we were on the ground, taxi-ed our way to the gate and people were up and getting their luggage. Just one big mess of people impatiently waiting (which I ALWAYS hate this part of being on the airplane no matter how I feel. We are all ready to get up and leave but we still have to wait....) Luckily I was seated at about the middle of the plane so it wasn't as bad as it could have been but I was struggling. As the man next to me was looking away I would hold myself a little just to encourge myself to not pee!! Once the people 3 rows in front of me were getting their luggage and starting to walk to the front of the plane I thought "ok! its my time!!"

With my bulging, full bladder I stood up and ohhhh it was soooo painful!! The man looked over at me in concern thinking I might pass out due to my "dizziness" haha. I wanted to pass out with all that pain in my pelvis but instead I just looked at him with a smile and said "I'm okay I'm okay haha". Luckily he got my luggage down from the overhead compartment. Oh my gosh if I had to do that I would have burst!!! My row started leaving and I was last, which was probably a really good thing since the first person of the next row was then holding up the rest of the people with getting their luggage down. So nobody was directly behind me as I was getting really worried. Every step I took was painful. My bladder was seriously a boulder inside me. Even step I took it just kept weighing down heavier and heavier.

Once off the actual plane and into the walkway that leads to the actual airport gate I was ready to bolt! Or, as fast as I could, walk. There was an old couple ahead of us who were taking forever. This literally added another 2 or so minutes. I didn't know how much longer I was gonna last.....

Once into the actual airport I tried to locate the bathrooms. They were a bit of a walk (but forever of a walk for someone who needs to pee now!!!). So I started walking. Luckily the man that was concerned about me on the airplane had walked off in a rush to where ever he was off to and I didn't have to worry about him being concerned. I walked with my luggage rolling behind me in my skirt and I started to fell confident. I felt better standing up and walking out in this open space.

As I got past the gates and into the information/restaurants section that had the bathroom I felt some strange wave of "I'm gonna pee!!" come over me and before I knew it was shooting a straight stream of pee right onto the marble floor!! Like I. WAS PEEING. IN. THE AIRPORT!!!!! RIGHT ON THE FLOOR. I kept walking quickly as there was no time to loose! My bladder had burst and I definitly didn't want to show any sign of concern that would get attention as people would be more likely to be looking down if I was looking down. So I went by one of my ways about life is that you act like its not even happening haha. I walked across the marble floor as I was peeing onto the floor and got to the bathroom :D

Once I was there I luckily had been able to stop peeing. But there was a line. A LINE??!?!?! This airport bathroom is so big and I have NEVER seen a line in the bathroom!!! There has to be at least 40 toilets in the bathroom. But I stood there. About 7th in line. I kept my legs tightly together in this skirt. I noticed my shoes got a bit wet on the inside. It was bugging me...

The line was moving slowly, like seriously there are 40 toilets. What is this a sit in?!!?!? ....or maybe I was just extremely impatient as I had just peed across the freaking airport!!! When I finally got to being the third waiting I felt another "I'm gonna pee" wave. I started leaking down my legs a little bit but only temporarily. Of course just as that happened the two women in front of me who I believe were friends, and honestly I think they were checking out my black pump shoes, saw the pee running down my legs.

The woman next in line said "Oh my gosh hunny!!! you can go next!! Looks like you really need to" They laughed a little and I really tried to laugh but I seriously couldn't or I was gonna loose it right there in front of them and just gave my desperate look and said "Oh my gosh!!!!!!! Thank you!! I'm bursting!!!" As I finally did the whole crossing my legs, bending forwards with my knees bent kind of stance. They knew I was desperate so I just thought 'ok now i can look desperate here in the womens room!!"

A stall opened a minute or so later, I ran with my suitcase to the stall. I didn't even bother trying to get the suitcase into the stall!! I began pulling my skirt up (but not all the way) before I even got into the stall. There was no time to be wasted anymore!!!!! As I got into the stall I started just letting it go. I even got pee on the floor because I opened my golden gates the second I was just in the stall!!! As I peed forever I looked down at the floor and I had done a little damage. There was a puddle but what could I do. I wasn't going to use that cheap toilet paper to clean up this already nasty floor.

After I finished this glorious forever long piss (which I am SOOOO GLAD there wasn't any line for someone to take my stall right after me!!!!!) I checked myself out in the mirror to see if I got pee on my skirt at all and it was perfect!! My skirt had nothing wrong with it! I dried the inside of my shoes off a little andI left the bathroom to carry on as if nothing happened. As I walked back out I could see dribbles of pee that I had left on that marble floor :D This I must say is probably the most amazing piss I have EVER taken in my lifetime.

*009*2014-07-06 12:57

Thanks everyone!!! Best piss I ever took ;D

*016*2014-07-09 22:45

{{ 

Awesome story! I almost wish you didn't make it though ;)

}}

But I technically didn't make it!!! Hahha. What saved me was wearing a skirt. Peeing straight through the underwear and down my legs was how it all happened lol. Felt so good!! :D

{{ 

Great story! You write very detailed stories, it creates wonderful imagery. Flying has created some of my most desperate moments, to the point where ive almost had to intentionally wet a little to relieve some pressure. I like the window seats but hate having to bother people next to me to make it to the bathroom.

}}

& omg that is dangerous! You let a little go and you probably won't be able to stop it ahahah ahhhhhh

Thanks everyone for all the great feedback! I enjoy sharing these embarassing yet exhilirating times in my life!!! <3

*019*2014-07-10 15:07

Well my goal is to one day pee in the back row of the plane on an emptier flight. I've noticed that that has been a posibility I just never thought about it or I had been wearing pants before I made my own "only wear skirts when flying" rule!

