Just a quickie

Author: Lustful Loki

*000*2014-04-19 08:39

Today, I watched the movie 'I Love You, Phillip Morris.' It is a very compelling movie, and I was drinking a powerade all the way through. When I finished the movie, I got on here to reply to some RP's and messages, not realizing how badly I had to piss. After a few minutes, I felt a slight need, but it wasn't a big deal. What I didn't realize was that I was sitting on my bed, bending at the waist, so I couldn't feel how badly I needed to go.

I was wearing skin tight yoga pants, grey, white panties, and a black tank top, with no bra.

After I finished taking care of business on here, I stood up so I could go to the bathroom, and it hit me all at once. I almost wet myself right there. I shuffled toward the door to my dorm room, trying to make the decision: pee in my room or go to the bathroom. I decided that I didn't want to clean up the mess today, so I headed to the bathroom in my dorm hall.

About halfway there, a spurt of piss escaped me. I gasped, bent over, and clutched myself, trying not to piss myself in public. There wasn't anyone in the hall then, but there could have at any time. I kept shuffling over to the bathroom door, wishing I had just done it in my room, then at least no one would see.

When I opened the bathroom door, another spurt of piss escaped me, this one bigger. I stopped again, beggin my body to just wait the few more steps it was to the toilet, and it seemed to obey.

I got into the stall and felt relief flood over me; I was there. That was a mistake, and I started to piss my yoga pants! I didn't want to make a huge mess on the floor, so I quickly hopped over to the toilet and sat down, pants still on. I pissed for a solid minute before I finished, and both my pants and my underwear was soaked. I dried them off as best I could with toilet paper, and left the stall. I don't think anyone saw me run back to my room, but I won't know because I wasn't looking. Looks like I will have to do laundry tonight. XD

*002*2014-04-19 10:39

Thank you, I am glad you enjoyed. I am planning a big wetting for Sunday!

*006*2014-04-21 07:58

You are all so sweet thank you for the compliments. ;)

Did your friends notice you wetting?

*008*2014-04-22 03:15

Wow was it super embarrassing, or were they okay with it?

*011*2014-04-23 16:08

Well that is good I guess. Could have been better, could have been much worse. I am glad it worked out the way that it did. :)

