Opera pit desperation

Author: kochel428

*000*2015-09-01 04:43

Just a minor experience for those of you who like to think about performers desperate to pee. I was in an opera pit recently, playing an opera with only one intermission, each half being about 1 1/2 hours. There was no actual pit, so the orchestra was seated stage left, in full view of the audience.

We were about halfway through the first half when the cellist next to me started paging through her part, checking to see how long until the end of the act. This is common in a pit, and I figured she was just eager to get it over with. She's an excellent musician I know from other gigs, pretty hot in a way, with big tattoos on her shoulders and piercings on her face. We've always had a bit of a flirtatious relationship. I guess she saw me glancing at her because she leaned over and whispered, "I have to pee so freaking bad."

Well, naturally this piqued my interest. We had a good 40 minutes to go before she would be able to relieve herself, and she was already exhibiting real signs of desperation. Specifically, between the arias she would push her cello out from between her legs so she could cross them, and then sit forward, presumably to put a little extra pressure where it counted.

I kept watch to see how she progressed. She went through a phase where she looked like she was struggling to hold still, shifting her weight sort of strangely, and jiggling her leg slightly. She reported to me again about ten minutes before intermission, "seriously, you have no idea how much I need to pee." Shortly after that, she became much more still, in what I can only assume was a "quiet determination" pose. If I had to guess, I'd say she topped out around an 8 on the 10 point scale. There was no way she was going to wet, but she seemed mighty uncomfortable.

As the lights came up she gently placed her cello on the floor and then sprinted for the exit. I saw her a little later during intermission finishing up the last of the large iced coffee that had put her in the predicament to begin with. I said nothing, but cocked an eyebrow, and she said "I hope I don't have to pee that badly again in the second half."

