Wetting with a view

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2012-05-29 20:02

So, my family lost our home a month and a half ago, so we have been staying in the guesthouse of a member of our church. I'm using his wifi at the moment, sitting a few feet from his house. Anyways, he's was out of state the other day, and I really though it would be nice to have a little session. I have not had one in about two months due to hte issue of community laundry, but I'd decided that I just did not care. It's my turn to do the laundry, anyways, so nobody else'll notice.

So I was sitting out here, watching xtube wetting vidoes and looking at photots when the wifi was spotty, and I noticed I had to go. I put the laptop inside and told my family that I was going for a walk around his lovely grounds. I do that occassionally, so it was nothing weird or suspicious. They accepted it, naturally, and I set off on my walk around to find a place to wet. I originally had planned to wet on the bridge over their pond, but they have a domesticated goose that's real ornery when it sees people (cuz it wants food), and I had arely started when I decided against it. Besides, my parents were gpoing to go in to town at some point, and the road has a clear view. Awkward, no? So I decided to go inside of a tree house that has been unused for about a decade. So I climbed in there and started, but then it just started to feel weird, and I did not want to stain the carpeting in the event his grandkids over and wanted to use it, so I took it underneath the treehouse.

Now, this house is on the top of a small mountain, and you've got a nice, clean view of pretty much the whole valley in which Eugene sits. It's a nice valley, and anyone looking my way with a good set of binoculars or, if they were farther away, binoculars, would have gotten a good show. Now, since my folks were at home, and my sister, I pulled my pants and wet my boxers. It was a nice change, doing it outdoors, especially in the daytime. I've only ever wet at night before. regardless, it was about as thrilling as one would expect, so naturally I had an impressive erection when I was finished.

So I took care of that, and it was about the time all that lust was subsiding did I realize how dumb I really was. Soaking wet boxers and blue jeans. Bah! Most of my jeans are black, and I do it the day I wear the blue jeans....dumb, no? So I try to wring out my boxers the best I can, but it did not work too well, and by the time I was appropriately dressed and on my way back in, the area between my legs and around the bottom curve of my butt was soaked through.

Fortunately, nobody paid any attention to that, but my sisiter did notice a little wet spot on the front. I blamed it on the drooling cat, and she bought it, so I bade a quick retreat, took a shower, and stuck my boxers in an unused drawer to dry. They should be dry. Anyways, the owner of this property is heading out to england today, and I'm thinking of having myself another session before I do the laundry tomorrow. I'm wearing my black jeans, so it's not as dumb. Oh, I wont have images, I don't think. Too much chance of discovery...but we'll see what the future holds.

*002*2012-05-30 03:42

The nearest person is half a mile away. If anyone saw me, it would not matter a whole lot. If you can find a nice, secluded spot, I'd hazard a try. It's well worth the reward.

*004*2012-06-11 22:03

That it does. But losing the internet makes it more dull. It's back, though, and so I say: I did the second proposed wetting, and it was just as thrilling as the first time. Maybe even more so, actually, as I had a much fuller bladder. And it was done in my black jeans, so I walked by my sister without her giving any sort of notice at all.

