I forced my girlfriend to wet herself

Author: TVGuy

*000*2012-12-29 20:30

Shelley was by far the most attractive girl I had every been acquainted with, let alone dated. Our relationship ended abruptly though after a long, late night drive resulted in Shelley peeing in her skin tight jeans in my car. It wasn't just a little accident either, but a full uncontrollable flood. She was left completely devastated and never spoke to me again, and I don't blame her.

I had thought I shared this story previously, however I have been unable to locate it. So perhaps it was on a different forum or I posted it as a reply instead of its own topic. Either way, I can't find where I had previously shared it, but if this story seems familiar to you, it is likely that you may have already seen it elsewhere.

This story is completely true. I have not changed or exagerrated anything. The incident is burned into my memory and I can recall it as if I were there now. The only thing I have changed is the name of the girl and a few other minor details in order to protect here identity.

I share this story not because I find it in any way erotic, but to share a hard learned lesson. Time and time again I see discussions centered around forcing someone to wet themselves. This is something I have done, and I truly regret it. There are few things I am more ashamed of than this incident and what I did to this poor girl.

At the time this happened I had just started college. Shelley was a senior in high school. We were both on the rebound when we met, both of us having recently ended relationships with our first girlfriend/boyfriend. A mutual interest in making films and in broadcasting is what initially brought us together.

She was incredibly sexy- She had a perfect body, beautiful blonde hair, captivating blue eyes. Her clothes were always very attractive and showed off her figure, but never in poor taste and never slutty. She was also witty, funny, nerdy, the easiest person you could imagine to have a conversation with.

Another thing about her was that I strongly suspected she might have a pee fetish. I was much to shy to ask, or even to probe the topic too much, but some of the comments she made lead me to strongly suspect it was an area of interest for her.

She always made comments about wetting herself. Not seriously having an accident, but to illustrate how funny or how scary something might be. For example, before going out to watch a comedy film she would comment that she better bring an extra pair of pants, the trailer alone was so funny she almost wet her pants, so she better bring a fresh pair to change into. Or talking about going to a haunted house, she said she should wear diapers so people don't see when she wets herself with fear. Additionally, when we would go swimming in the river, she made no secret that she was peeing in the water.

One hot July day when we were heading to the river to go swimming she was desperate to pee. As soon as we got to the river she ran into the water. As soon as she was waist deep she stopped and suddenly looked very relaxed, commenting on how good it felt and inviting me over cause the water was now much warmer.

Incidents like the one at the river, combined with her constant joking comments about wetting her pants, and my own wishful thinking eventually had me convinced that she most likely had a pee fetish.

On the day I forced her to wet herself we drove nearly three hours to go visit the big city. I kind of had the feeling our relationship was coming to an end. We got together when we were both on the rebound, and that never lasts. Plus her best friend from Kindergarten through high school, who it was obvious she was into, was finally single again and they were spending more and more time together. Soon classes would start back up for me, and though I promised her I would come see her every weekend, my school was over 200 miles from where she lived.

I didn't plan on forcing her to wet herself. The opportunity just presented itself to me and I took advantage of it. Before we left the city to head home, I offered to buy her a giant espresso at Starbucks. She loved Starbucks espresso and there were none near us, so I knew she would say yes. I was simply hoping this would lead to some desperation, there are too many rest stops along the freeway for me to have seriously suspected she might have an accident.

Shortly after getting on the freeway though traffic came to a stand still. It was late at night, so having a traffic jam on the freeway was highly unusual. The radio confirmed that there was an accident. A semi spilled something on the highway and cleanup was likely to take hours. I knew of too alternate ways to get us back home. A series of country roads and highways to the east of the freeway would get us home, but take us through numerous small towns with plenty of gas stations and places that had bathrooms. Another route to the west of the freeway would also get us home, a very scenic mountain drive in the day, it had no such places to stop.

Having almost no time at all to contemplate which way to go, I chose the western route that lacked bathroom stops. Again, I want to make it clear I wasn't planning to make her have an accident. Nothing was thought out ahead of time. As opportunities emerged that could lead to her being desperate, I simply took advantage of them.

After having drank a huge espresso, and driving an extended period of time without stops, she soon needed to pee. I offered to pull the car over if she wanted me too, but she said no, just if we see a place to stop like a gas station we should stop as soon as possible, but not to pull over.

I began to fantasize about her having an accident. I had read so many "true" stories on various fetish forums about how guys got their girlfriends into the fetish after their girl had an accident. If she had an accident, I was going to be incredibly sympathetic to her, maybe even make up some story about having an accident myself. I would get her to feel better and promise her I wouldn't tell anyone and she wouldn't need to be embarrassed. Once she ceased feeling embarrassed about her accident, I would then turn the conversation to how good it must feel- The relief of not having to pee anymore and how warm it must of been. Then with it being a very long drive home, she might need to go again. Since her pants would already be wet I would encourage her just to let it go.

When we would arrive at home, I fantasized, she wouldn't want to go to her house and risk her parents and sister finding her wet clothes. I would invite her back to my place so we could do laundry and her clothes would be clean and dry when she went home. Of course she didn't have any other clothes to change into at my house, but that was okay, I would mind seeing her naked.

The possibilities of what might happen if she had an accident seemed endless and exciting. The more I thought about it, the more I wanted it to happen. With such a long drive ahead of us I knew there was no way she could hold it all the way home. Still, I did kind of feel bad for her. Secretly suspecting that she may have a pee fetish though, I figured she was actually enjoying it and wanting it to happen. After all, I kept offering to pull over along the road and she kept refusing.

It was amazing how long she held it for. She was in a severe state of desperation, crossing her legs and contorting herself into all sorts of awkward positions. Several times I told her I would pull over, or it would be okay if she wet her pants, but she just told me to get to the nearest gas station as soon as possible.

As we started to approach our home town I grew concerned she actually might make it home. She had been insanely desperate for hours. No longer thinking with the head that sits on my shoulders, I decided to pretend to get us lost, to stretch out the time it would take for us to get home.

Finally, after four and a half hours, it happened. What happened from my point of view is I was driving down a two lane country highway at night. We had stopped talking about anything, she was too desperate to hold a conversation, so we were listening to late night talk radio about alien abductions. I briefly made out a kind of surprised little whimper that at first I thought nothing of, something from the radio I believed or perhaps some sound Shelley made in the course of trying to hold it. Shortly though there were a couple soft sobbing sounds.

I looked at Shelley. She still at her legs crossed, but she wasn't bouncing anymore or contorted into an awkward position. On hand was still on her crotch, but her other hand looked to be wiping tears from her eyes. Instead of focused ahead with deadly determination, she was looking out the side window into the darkness and sniffling slightly.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

She ignored me. Maybe she didn't hear.

I turned off the radio, and in the kindest, most compassionate voice I could come up with I asked again, "Are you okay Shelley?"

She then turned to me, her face red and here eyes filled with tears. "I wet my pants okay!" She not quite shouted at me.

I was stunned at first by the strength of her reaction and just how upset she appeared. Finally I managed to mumble something along the lines of, "Thats okay, don't worry about it."

She remained quite, turned away from me, arms folded across her lap, quietly sobbing as she stared into the darkness. I felt awful. More than anything I wanted to rewind the night and do it all over so I could avoid this.

I tried to comfort her by talking about random things we were interested in, but she ignored me. It was like talking to a brick wall. I tried telling her it was okay that she peed, she didn't have to be embarrassed, but any time I mentioned anything related to pee or her accident she winced as if I stabbed her with a knife, but otherwise ignored me.

I took her home and dropped her off. Even though in the car I couldn't see any of her accident because her arms covered her lap, she made no effort when she got out of the car to hide it. Her back side was completely soaked. I tried to say goodnight, she ignored me.

The next day I tried calling her, but she didn't answer. Finally the day after that she called me when she knew I was going to be at work. She left a voice mail simply saying our relationship was over. She didn't sound mad, just very serious and clinical.

She said, "I need for our relationship to be over. I am very sorry if this hurts you, but I do not want to continue this relationship. I would very much appreciate it if you didn't contact me or speak to me again. I am sorry if this hurts you, but I need this."

I felt horrible about what happened. Not just because she broke up with me, but the instant I saw her face in the car I realized what a horrible thing I had done. Never have I been so ashamed of myself, of what I had done.

If I could apologize to her, I would. I wish I had some way to communicate to her how very, very sorry that I am.

