Male Desperation After Drinking

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-06-29 00:21

So a few days ago, I went out with a friend for a few drinks. We went to a chain restaurant and bar, and I decided only to have one beer since I was driving. So we sat and ordered our beer, and had a fine evening chatting and drinking. I ended up getting another beer through the evening since we stayed longer than anticipated. Throughout the night, I had two beers and Tyler had about five. Neither of us used the bathroom, and we got up to leave. So we went to the 24 hour Wal Mart after, since my mom had asked me to pick up a few things for her on my way home.

I of course noted that he hadn't used the bathroom, but didn't think too much of at the moment. We walked around the store for a while, collecting paper towels, sunscreen, shampoo, and a few other small items my mother had requested. When we were walking near the hair supplies, Tyler noticed the toilets and said he would be right back. I continued to look through the hair supplies, but he came back within seconds. "What's wrong?" I asked him.

"The mens room is closed. Some busted urinal or something." He said with a worried look on his face. It suddenly occurred to me that he had been holding it for a while, probably waiting until a bathroom was convenient. We had only hung out a few times, and we weren't very close, so he probably didn't want to go off and find a bathroom.

Hiding my excitement, I asked him "Will you be okay?"

He nodded and brushed it off, "Yeah, I'll be fine." Even though he seemed to be moving around more than before. So we gathered the last of the items and went up to pay. We walked back out to my car, and after I put the bags in the trunk, I went to get in the drivers seat, catching a glimpse of him with his hand in between his legs for a moment, when he must have thought I was still putting things in the trunk. I sat down and started the car. "So, are we going to the beach?" (that had been our plan after the bar)

"Yeah," He said, his knee bouncing. "Uh, do you think we could stop at quik chek first?"

"I guess so, did you need something?" I played dumb

"Yeah, I really need to pee." He told me, shifting around in his seat.

"Alright," I said "Tell me if you see one along the way and I'll stop, okay?"

So I began to drive, and may have "conveniently" taken a route with no stores on the road...

He was beginning to get desperate, I could tell. He grabbed himself when I "wasn't looking" a few times, frantically.

"How are you holding up?" I asked him

"About to piss my pants" he laughed a little, openly grabbing himself with me looking.

I blushed, and offered to stop on the side of the road.

"I, uh...There's a lot of cars on this road. I'll hold it"

"Okay, if you say so. You sure look desperate."

He blushed, his hand still in between his legs and his knee bouncing. "I,uh, sorry. I just really have to go. If I move my hand my boxers will be wetter than they already are." He laughed again, making light of the situation.

I began to feel a strong tingling in my lower regions; he was so desperate, and still, he was going to hold it. It was fantastic.

By the time we arrived at the beach, i parked the car off to the side near the dunes. He rushed out of the car, his hand between his legs, and hopped up and down from foot to foot. "Uh, Kait, do you mind if I just go here by the car? The bathrooms are really far and I'm really about to pee myself."

I told him sure, and turned away to give him some privacy.

I heard him sigh with relief as his pee started hitting the pavement, he was holding a lot. When he finally finished, he came back over to the other side of the car and said "That felt so good. Remind me to go before we leave the restaurant next time"

And, that was that. Needless to say, i won't remind him next time we go to the bar haha.

*002*2014-06-29 05:41

Same here! It was a very exciting and unexpected experience!

*007*2014-07-01 22:12

Yeah I agree that I like when people are vocal about it! Squirming is definitely awesome though, one of my favorite things. And with guys, holding themselves. With girls though, I really like squirming.

*009*2014-07-05 06:51

{{ 

After 5 beers he must have had to pee when you left the restaurant. Wonder why he didn't go? I tend to agree with your suggestion that he was embarrassed. Must have been a heck of a puddle when he finally let all that beer loose.

}}

Yeah I'm sure it was because he was shy. Either TN at or he's totally into it haha. One could only hope. But yea, veryyy big puddle!

*011*2014-07-06 21:22

{{ 

It's quite possible that he was enjoying the full-bladder feeling until it just got too full. Next time, don't remind him about using the men's room and see if he "forgets" again.

}}

Most certainly. Hasn't happened since then, but it probably will. We've been seeing much more of each other

