Almost Couldn't Hold It

Author: Calicot

*000*2015-12-04 05:05

So I thought I posed this earlier but I guess I didn't. If this is already floating around on this forum I'm sorry. I'll make a more in depth version for you all.

I'll describe myself before I get started. This happened when I was in high school. I was 5'8" tall about 135 lbs, long brown curly hair that went down to about the bottom of my shoulder blades and caramel skin.

I met a girl, for privacy purposes I'm going to play a very interesting role in my life. Not that I knew it at the time. Although that has nothing to do with omorashi. Well almost nothing.

Jane had an incredibly small bladder which led to many very interesting experiences.

Anyway this was when we first met. We had been hanging out for a few weeks and we decided to have a sleep over at her house. Back then I was very shy about bathrooms. I didn't like to announce that I had to pee or even entertain the thought of using someone else's bathroom. Especially not while everyone was sleeping.

We spent a long night flirting and giggling as teenage girls do. Then It was time for bed. I went pee that night. I have a very bad habit of peeing before I go to bed. I just can't sleep unless I do.

Anyway I thought I would be okay the next morning because I had made sure to pee before bed.

I was wrong.

The next morning I woke up with an urgent need. My bladder was very full. It was so full that I was actually a little worried that I wouldn't be able to wait until Jane woke up to go relieve myself. But my anxiety got the best of me and I forced myself to go back to sleep.

When I woke up the next time I began to panic. My bladder was so swollen that it was just a hard mass in my belly. I pressed down on it and had to clench my muscles to keep from wetting myself.

I definitely couldn't wet myself in front of this girl I had just met. I knew she had a crush on me. I kind of had a crush on her and I didn't want to ruin the good thing we had going by peeing all over her carpet.

But she was still sleeping and I had to wait for her to wake up. I couldn't just get up ad go. That would probably wake her up and then what would I do? I couldn't just explain I was going to go pee.

So I waited. I held on as hard as I could. I turned on my stomach and pulled my hips up slightly to get rid of the pressure on my bladder. I don't know why but this made me feel better for whatever reason. So I stayed there on my stomach and cupped myself. The added pressure on my center helped so much. the relief was amazing. If I stayed like this for a while I could definitely hold on.

I was beginning to feel better. Especially since I was desperate, like really desperate, and finally in a position where I would enjoy it.

At this stage in my life I was really into getting off while I was bursting to pee and knowing that I couldn't do anything about only made me want to get off that much more.

So there I was desperate and horny and finally Jane wakes up next to me. Great. Just as I was beginning to enjoy myself she has to wake up...

Jane immediately announces that she has to pee and exits the room. So that left me desperate and alone in her room. I didn't want to lay down anymore so I decided to get up and wait for her to come back so I could just go to the bathroom after she came back.

As soon as I stood all of my pee sloshed down on my pee hole and I had to grab myself, clench my muscles and squeeze my thighs together as hard as I could.

I was about to leak. My pee was going to pour out of me and soak my pajama bottoms as well as Jane's floor. That could not happen. I needed to hold on.

I began to pee dance in her room. I desperately bounced up and down and jumped from foot to foot as I tried to hold all of my pee inside of my bladder.

I was literally about to start leaking when Jane came back. I stood as straight as I could and tried to hide the fact that I had to pee. I don't think she noticed. She never said anything so I will never know.

I told her that I was going to the bathroom. (Why it was suddenly okay to say that I have no idea) I took small steps as I went to the bathroom, not wanting to let my thighs part.

The bathroom wasn't far from her room, probably about five or six feet down the hallway. Thank god.

I finally got to the bathroom, closed the door behind me, and turned around to pee. As I pulled down my pants a small dribble of pee leaked onto my panties. But I managed to hold the flood until I was fully sat on the toilet. And when I sat down I finally pushed my pee out of me as hard as I could.

My pee gushed into the toilet so loudly that I was worried Jane could hear it all the way down the hall. But of course she couldn't. I hope...the walls were pretty thin.

The relief was so amazing, I closed my eyes and relaxed into the toilet seat. I must have peed for at least a minute and a half before my stream finally came to an end.

After that nothing really exciting happened because I couldn't do anything about it but reminisce in the amazing experience I had just had.

That's about it for this story. Sorry there wasn't an actual wetting. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did!

