Accidental wetting, beer and bedwetting. Oh my!

Author: liberty

*000*2014-12-23 12:56

My plan was simple to wet the bed, now I've tried before but to no avail. I always wake up bursting to pee, or simply wake in the morning desperate. Now this being the festive season there's an abundance of alcohol around the house, so instead of loading up on water as usual I grab a 6 pack of Becks and pour myself a scotch chaser. Downing the scotch, I open and chug the beers in quick succession... After this 15min 'party' I'm ready for bed... But as I stand up I'm already quite desperate and somewhat tipsy it has to be said. ;)

I get up my bladder aching to void, dammit beer always goes right through me! I think I can hold though and pushing on my crotch I 'wiggle' on the sofa and try to forget the pain in my bladder... I make it about 10mins before a long stream bursts into my jeans. Nope this is not the plan, desperate for a pee I begin 'Pee-pee dancing' up the stairs I stumble to the toilet and start to undo my belt, still pushing on my crotch, unfortunately (and fortunately) my bladder has other ideas... As soon as I move my hand its tight press my bladder empties in my jeans. Just like that... Not intentionally... In like 3 seconds I go from damp to soaked.

I was impressed, and pretty pleased despite the mess! I had literally got so desperate I'd burst! Now for bed... Squelching and stumbling downstairs I grab another 3 beers to chug and down them in my wet jeans before drunkenly getting into bed.

I wake up in the early morning about 4am in a cold puddle of my own urine, clothes, sheets and mattress soaked and very pleased, wet the bed properly as an adult for the first time!

So there you go omo comrades, if you want to wet the bed, chug nine pints! Although cleaning up, soaked with a headache isn't fun! ;)

Its still another reason to love beer! :P

