Jeans Wetting [Videos+Pictures]

Author: rachelkirwan

*000*2013-01-29 18:57

So I have something special for you all today. I made this video a month and a half ago and have only now got around to finishing the story which goes along with it.

Before I go any further I have to say that this post and the story and the wetting are all dedicated to pdeferred

!

So this was laundry day about a month and a half ago as I said, and laundry day means that if I have a little more room in the load (or I’m planning on washing something anyhow), that I can have some pee fun. Today was one of those days and I was planning on washing my pants. Unlike most laundry days which occur during the day, I couldn’t get my laundry done until the evening as I had a lecture to attend and some errands to run. However I was looking forward to laundry day all day.

Actually if you take a look at my panties you can see just what an effect thinking about laundry day had on me all day. It may my ethics lecture rather had to sit through.

So I won’t go into the hum drum of my day but I decided to do a bit of a hold. For those of you who know me, you know that I’m not very good at holds and its extra hard to make a movie when you are really on the verge of a real accident. So for the sake of the story I will try to describe it as an accident but as you will see, I maintained quite a bit of control. Had I held it for another 20-30 minutes, well that would have been a different story.

So anyhow I didn’t start drinking lots of water at my lecture (which started at 5:00pm) as I knew it would be pushing it with the errands I needed to run. So I only had the customary after lecture cup of tea. I had a big one (not those little environmentally un-friendly plastic or Styrofoam things they have, I’ve got my own travel mug). The lecture ended at 6:30 (with questions and post lecture schmoozing as is typical of these things), and I hurried off to Sainsbury’s to buy groceries. It was then that I started drinking. I downed an entire 500ml water bottle while shopping and already felt the early signs of needing to pee by the time I reached the check out. It wasn’t urgent but I definitely was filling up.

While I usually cycle everywhere, my bike lights were on the fritz (read one stolen and one broken), so I had walked to the lecture from my department and was now heading home. At Sainsbury’s I bought an Innocent smoothie (the 1 litre carton), mango something, my favourite, and started drinking this as I walked home. It was chilly but not too chilly (not like last week when it was snowing!). Well I had on black slacks, a loose fitting light blue blouse which I think goes well with my hair (which is darker brown these days after an experiment at the salon), and for those fans at home I had on the above pictures pair of white cotton panties with pink trimming, classic everyday Rachel panties, along with a white simple bar. Over top I was wearing a cardigan (black), and a black sort of peacoat, and brown winter boots (nothing fancy but snow-worthy).

I was well on my way home by 7:30 and at this stage I was getting full. You can only drink so much Mango smoothie, no matter how good it tastes, or how fast you want to fill up your bladder and I only had about half. So at this point I stopped drinking smoothie and let nature take its course.

I reached my place at 7:45 and hurried up stairs. My need to pee wasn’t too urgent, just that sort of nagging full feeling which sometimes gets worse when you, say, run up stairs, or move about putting groceries away. By the time the groceries were put away (not too many things), I certainly had to go. On a scale of 1-10 (and remember this is Rachel’s not so perfect bladder), I was around a 5 or 6. I would never leave it this late under normal circumstances, as this would be the amount of fullness which used to always cause me to have leaks when I was younger (especially if I was moving about).

I decided to forgo anything else and set up for my big wetting scene. My usual place is a special bathroom stall in the showers downstairs and so I set about gathering up my little wetting/shower bag with all the necessities of a girl who is going to pee her panties in the shower/bath and also legitimately have a shower. However I don’t usually wet in the shower at peak hour (well besides right in the morning this time in the evening was pretty busy), so after putting my shampoo and getting the camera out I decided to venture downstairs and see how the situation was. The stairs didn’t help but I was still in control and far from an accident. Jumping down the stairs would have likely cause a leak (stress problems, sigh) but this was certainly fine.

It turns out I was wise to check as the shower stall I usually use (with the little table, perfect for the camera) was occupied for an indefinite amount of time. Now as I said I wasn’t burstingly desperate, but waiting (holding up my shooting schedule, (feel like a movie star when I put it that way)) was not really an option, as I would need time to take before pictures, set the camera up and I had no idea how long the person was going to take. Mornings it’s an understanding in the building that you have a short shower but this understanding does not apply in the evening. For all I knew it was a couple doing some extra-curricular activity in the shower (though it didn’t sound like it, but well my imagination was running as I was pretty excited at the prospect of making my video).

So back up the stairs to my room. Still no problem, maybe a stronger feeling than nagging now, sharp but nothing I couldn’t handle. So I needed to get to work in my room. I found one of my Drynite sleep mats (only a few left, I have subsequently bought more). This would do. The only problem was lighting but I figured this out with my maid up skirt wetting (Link) and so I just needed to set it up. This wasn’t a problem and meanwhile I decided to add something special for our moderator Shu and everyone on the forum, you will see what I’m talking about in a minute, no skipping ahead.

I also decided to change. The black slacks don’t make for very good wetting videos (I doubt the pee would even show up). I know this as I’ve had a few leaks in them a few years ago and they were invisible. Also, they are nice slacks and don’t launder at the same temperature as the rest of the load I was planning on putting in.

I changed out of my slacks and pulled off my panties for the shot. I set up a little before picture for you all (see above and also here):

You can see the bed pad there and I also pulled out one of my Tena pads. I decided after a few failed earlier attempts where I shot a video of my bum and the pee mostly ran down the front, and vice versa, that I would use a pad to direct the flow to make sure I got the video I wanted. These pads are also super absorbent (as you can see it’s not like a thin panty liner, they say thin but it’s like a normal pad.

I had a vision for this video, let me say that it was going to be my best yet, I wanted to shoot up, looking at my bum, and then slowly wet myself, releasing a little at a time, so the wet patch slowly spread over my bum and down my legs. While I like realistic panic complete drenching accidents. There is something to be said for the beauty of a wet patch spreading across denim, am I right? So anyhow, the pad was to help with this, hopefully absorbing some of the pee and releasing it more slowly.

I’m not the best as stopping and going. When I was little and made to do exercises (the stopping mid-flow ones to improve my bladder muscles and control) I was abysmal. I would always succeed only in stopping right before I was done anyways. Well I’ve gotten better but I still have trouble stopping right after starting. Enter the pad which would absorb the initial squirt of pee, allowing the wet spot so spread artfully and slowly across my bum. This was the plan. I had been thinking about it all day. So I took the before pictures of my jeans, panties and pad. I pulled my panties back on, stuck the pad in (a little closer to the front than is recommended, and pulled on my jeans (oh and for those keeping score at home I had a simple pair of gray socks on, nothing to write home about, but I though the wet might look good on the bottom of them).

I took a few before pictures:

But only enough to get the camera angled right, because at this stage it nearly 8:30 and I was at my limit. There’s one thing with putting away groceries when you need to pee mildly (or even pretty badly) but it’s another matter entirely to try to move your desk lamp to the ground and prop up a camera on socks etc. when you are very nearly close to the tipping point.

I took the before pictures and then set about shooting the video. I think this is one of my longest, and this is thanks entirely to the equipment I was using which rocks! Anyhow here is the play by play:

Movie 1 - No Sound.wmv

I started with holding it, I wasn’t totally ready for a real accident, but remember I wanted to wet myself slowly. The first minute or so I was still holding it. Oh I’ve turned off the sound because there was a lot of noise in the back ground, my neighbours kept walking up and down the stairs and chatting.

So I was bravely holding on for the first thirty seconds, getting myself ready for the amazing feeling of releasing into your panties and the spreading warmth which follows. Ok maybe I didn’t have quite as much control as I think, because at about 42 seconds my leg started to twitch and really needed to release.

At 52 seconds this shaking largely stops as at this exact point I released a large leak into my panties and the panty liner. This is one of my favourite parts of a wetting, the moment when you release. It’s almost like a climax, your bodies is tensed up holding everything back, and then whoosh, warmth and wetness and release. This time was exquisite, the pad was pressed up close against my labia and I could feel the almost explosive warmth across my outer labia as I released, not to mention the warmth further inside.

The pad didn’t hold up against this burst for long, and as you can see at 56 seconds the pee started flowing out of the pad, and thankfully and as planned into the crotch of my pants. You can see the first start of the wet patch at this point. I could feel the very inside of my upper thigh get that warm wet feeling which when you’re in public means “Oh Oh, find a washroom immediately,” but when you’re home alone means little explosions in your brain and a growing warmth and sensuality much lower down.

So I did my best to keep that first spurt a short as possible. Clearly the pad wasn’t enough for it and it took me a little while to get things under control. By 1:02 I was largely in control of the first spurt and ready to release another. I held off for a few additional seconds but really I’m terrible at this, especially with such a full bladder and so at 1:08 I released another, rather substantial squirt into the saturated gusset of my panties and the now useless pad therein.

I could feel that squirt spreading further down my thigh and across my bum, and it felt magical. There really is something special about slowly wetting your pants. I’m sure more girls (and guys) will agree that this is the way to truly experience the sensation of wetting, the slow, spreading warmth and wetness and all the emotions which run through your mind as you release and clamp down, over and over again. It really did bring me back to all those exercises when I was younger, and I had a momentary flash of frustration, but then this was quickly replaced with warmth, sensuality and just plain arousal.

I really savoured that squirt and let the pee slowly spread. I had much better control now and I could hold the next bit longer, without my body just saying “to heck with it” and letting it all go in one big flood. I’m quite proud of this mid-accident pause. And I was fully in control (yeah practice!). So at 2:00 I let go another squirt, still a small one.

And then when that one only let the patch spread a little, I release much more. At 2:13 you can see this, I was clenching my bum tightly to hold on and the pee came out much stronger than I had hoped, I let out a short stream this time and well as you can see this did some serious damage and helped spread the incriminating wet spot further down my leg and (so hotly) across my bum.

I really struggled to get this spurt under control, but I did. But not for long, and at 2:30 I let out another substantial squirt. And then at 2:40 I had basically given up on my whole short squirt strategy and moved on to just trying to let my pee out slowly. You can see the cascading darkening parts of the wet patch dance and twist as they make their way down my leg. And at this stage I was slowly releasing.

I got things under control a little bit at 2:55, taking a short pause to savour the bigger patch. But this didn’t wet long and I released another substantial stream. Letting the warm pee flow down both of my legs.

I manage to control this stream around 3:12, and then released again a few seconds later. You can see the pee flowing down the wet patch. I let this run down my legs (more my left leg than right), and move about a little, savouring the feeling of wet pad and panties against my sex. I actually didn’t release the entire contents of my bladder in this wetting and still was about ¼ full by the end of the film, but I wanted to save this last little bit for something else I had in mind.

So I turned off the camera, stepped back from my puddle onto the pad and took a few after shots. At this point my heart was racing, and my vagina was throbbing.

As you can see from these after photos, the pad did its job (I highly recommend it for girls (and guys) doing videos if you want to control the direct of the flow). Oh and as you can see, my little shout out to Shu and everybody on the forum,look I made a puddle on the Omorashi.org website ;) naughty Rachel.

I took quite a few after shots, and for a few of you who love feet I made sure to get the bottoms of my feet just for you. And then I shimmied out of my soaked pants and panties:

And with my legs pretty damp from my adventure, I took a few pictures of the damage to my jeans, panties and to the poor little pad before tossing the latter in the trash and everything else into the laundry basket.

Many of you have seen some of the puddles I’ve made in previous posts and you will note that this puddle isn’t all that impressive in comparison, so clearly I had something left. And so I had one more little shot I wanted to pull off. I set the camera to sport mode.

So naked from the waist down (and legs still dripping with pee) I spread my legs over the puddle, with two fingers I held lips open and with the other I held the camera and I leaned over. I released a spurt of pee and took a picture and missed it. Then I tried again and this time released a stream. And I got this shot just as I was finishing:

And then I wiggled my hips a little to let a few drops fall and, with some trial and error I managed to get this shot:

Which I would call "Omorashi, good to the last drop!"

Well what happened after is between me, my vibrator, and possibly a neighbour who might have heard me (like I said they kept tramping up the stairs, and well I was noisy). I ended up doing the laundry much later at night than expected after some lounging about and special time.

Ah one last thing. I of course re-watch the videos and edit them (cutting out stuff at the beginning and end mostly. Well I discovered that you can mess about with the films and so I made this art film:

Movie 2 - Art Film.wmv

Using this feature you can see the wet patch spreading more dramatically, and see the pee flowing along the wet patch clearer. I hope you enjoy this as well.

Please let me know if you did, y'all know I love feedback :)

And thanks again to pdeferred

, you know why!

Wet Hugs.

Rachel

*002*2013-01-29 19:17

Thanks :)

*010*2013-01-30 15:54

{{:

Very nice job! The light blue jeans are perfect for showing your slowly spreading wet patch. I love the way the shot shows your crouch still dry, anticipating what is about to happen, followed by just a small wet spot of pee and a nice gradual release of your pee. If you have seen any of my videos, you will see that is how I like to do it, so I the awesome feeling of wetting your pants that way. Thanks for sharing.

}}

I heartily agree, thanks for the feedback. Its super hard to do, do you have any trouble slowly releasing?

*012*2013-01-30 15:54

Thanks for the positive feedback everyone!

*014*2013-01-30 16:26

Ah the old squeeze technique is a little more hit and miss for girls :) But yeah that long wetting was super hot!

*022*2013-02-02 10:48

{{:

Rachel, you are a beautiful movie star a great philanthropist. I'd love to have you wet yourself while sitting in my lap.

}}

Naughty :) And Thanks

{{:

Waw, Rachel. The quiver of your jeans. The slow growth of a wet patch. That was pretty cool. You could really see how hard you were trying to hold it, and the way it was slowly pouring out at the beginning seems like that was your natural incontinence taking it's toll and then at the end... BOOM - you just let go didn't you? Thanks... Thanks.

}}

Thanks for the feedback. It was super hard actually, I remember being told to practice stopping mid-stream, but I don't think thats what the doctor had in mind ;)

Thanks for all the feedback everyone :) I'm glad you all liked it (and keep it coming, I'm a little vain lols).

Next one will be a while as I'm currently super busy with school and no longer single! (yeah!)

