Cute teens desperate on the bus

Author: edisonarantes

*000*2013-11-18 17:30

I live next to a rather big city, and study at the university in the city. The bus ride from my house to the city center takes about an hour, but during rush hours, it normally takes longer. A couple of weeks ago, there were a car accident on the way between my house and the city. Fortunately, nobody was hurt, but the queues became even longer than usual. I spent three hours on the bus that day, and at first I was really bored. But then, I suddenly heard something that would make the rest of my ride very interesting.

"I need to pee soooo bad". It was the sweet voice of a desperate girl, sitting behind me. I turned around to get a look at the girl, and was surprised to notice that I recognized her. I had seen her before, about half an hour earlier, on the bus terminal in the city. I was sitting on a bench, waiting for the bus, when I saw her. She was standing about 3 meters from me, talking to her friend. Both of them were teen girls, probably around 16-18 years old, with blonde hair and slim, well-trained bodies. I don't know their names, so let's call them Girl 1 and Girl 2.

Although they both were very good-looking, Girl 1 was the best looking of them, in my opinion. She had long blonde sexy hair, long and slim legs and a really cute, small and round butt. She was wearing some tight, light grey yoga pants, which truly showed off her great ass. Her face was very cute. Girl 2 also had blonde hair, and a good-looking body. She wore some loose jeans. Both of the girls were sitting behind me on the bus.

Based on their conversation, it was obvious that both of them needed to pee. But one of them seemed more desperate than the other. It was difficult to know which voice belonged to which girl, but I believe that Girl 1 was most desperate. "What are we going to do? I'm not going to make it if the bus doesn't start going faster", one of them said. "Me neither. Should we ask the driver if we could just pee outside the bus, and come in again after we're finished? The queue isn't moving anyway", the other answered. They talked about this for a while, and I figured that they must have been really desperate if they considered doing that. There were cars all over the place, and many people would see them if they squatted right there on the highway.

I heard them moaning and complain about their need to pee, and discretely turned around to look at them. They were so cute, holding their hands firmly into their crotches, Girl 1 also had her legs tightly crossed and a very concerned look on her face. "I'm seriously about to pee myself", she said. "Then just do it " Girl 2 quietly said. This really got my attention. Girl 1 was seemed a bit shocked. "I can't, it will be so visible on these pants. I really don't want to, but I might end up wet anyways, if the bus doesn't start moving faster soon".

The bus moved slowly. I had previously overheard where the girls were going, and it seemed like it would be a long time until we got there. At this point, I was in no doubt that I would see some wet pants sooner or later. About an hour since the last bus stop, the bus finally reached another one. It was still probably 20 kilometers to the girls' destination, but one of them asked if they should just go outside and pee on the bus stop. "But the driver probably won't let us in again", the other said. "Right now, I would rather go outside, and wait until the next bus gets here, than pee in my pants", the first one said.

To my great disappointment, the girls decided to get out of the bus. As Girl 1 walked past me, I looked at her, walking with both her hands firmly pushed into her crotch. I got a glimpse of her butt as she left the bus, and her light grey yoga pants tightly hugged her butt, going slightly up her butt crack. She walked with short steps, and I don't think she would make it another minute. The next bus wasn't going to pass this bus stop until an hour later (during normal traffic. Probably even longer this day), and there were no shops or other things to do, but standing in the bus stop freezing (it was in November in Scandinavia, and pretty cold outside). But they got off the bus, the bus drove on, and I never saw them again.

I can only imagine what happened after they left the bus. Maybe they walked behind the bus stop, and just managed to pull their pants down in time. Maybe they didn't bother to go behind the bus stop, and just pulled down their pants the minute they left the bus. Or maybe they didn't make it, and ended up peeing in their pants.

