Badminton

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2014-07-25 15:47

I have one little wetting story in my storage yet. This occasion happened years ago when I was a teenager (13 or something like that). Here it comes.

It was summertime and I was visiting my cousin's family with my sister and my parents. My cousins were boy and girl. Slightly same age as me and my sister. My sister and that boy were few years older and they had played badminton a long time on the garden. Girl cousin and me were very bored. We were just fooling around and watching their game. We told jokes, whispered secrets and sat on the grass nearby their playing field. Then we started to interrupting their game. We ran through their battlefield and stole their "ball" or what is that feather thing... All time they ran after us and took their ball back. Afternoon was turning to evening and we wanted to do something all together before our parents wanted us to leave.

My cousin was a slim blond girl with boyshort hair. She was head longer than me, as long as adults already, and athletic, because one of her hobbies was track and field. Mostly long jump, I remember. It wasn't easy to catch her. So, when I got the ball, I gave it to her. When my sister and my boy cousin caught her, they started to tickeling her. Her brother put his hands around her waist and tickled. My sister tried to reach the ball. My cousin kept her hands up as long as she could, but then she started to screeming, laughing and crying same time!! They got the ball and poor girl was still standing on the same spot scared look on her face.

She had three striped (you know the label) light grey cotton joggins on her. Her face was turning red and pee ran through her joggins long time. Her inner thighs were very soon soaking wet. My embarrassed cousin ran home and I heard through their outdoor how her mom was yelling at her. Something like "Big woman!...What have you done?"

After a while cousin came back with shorts on her and hit her brothers arm. Nothing was said, but I saw how embarrassed and angry she still was.

