Had a small accident in public

Author: jeanswetter

*000*2015-12-15 00:02

So this story is from about 8 years ago when I was 12, before I realised that I get aroused from wetting myself.

I do horseback riding and also did it back then. I was riding my favorite horse when I had a small urge to pee. I ignored it because the position I was riding in actually helped hold it. Anyways we were doing games later on and it was my turn to go. Well my horse was excited and wanted to run a bit so when I urged him forward he took off. Well I ride with a western saddle (I have a hard time explaining it so look it up) and I got rammed in the gut by the horn. Well I spurted a little and I panicked but rode around like normal.

Well I had no idea if you could see the wet stain or not so I took my jacket off (It was toward the end of winter and I was starting to get hot) and tied it around my waist. I thought I would be fine until I got back to the barn. Well I did the course again and guess what happened. I spurted again. At this point I was hoping the lesson would be over soon but it was still another half an hour, all while practicing tricks with the horses.

Finally the lesson ended and we dismounted, and thankfully since I was sitting, the wet stains were on the back of my pants, where the jacket was covering. I walked back to the barn, careful to make sure my jacket didn't slip. I did all the things riders do after we finish riding and was about to go use the bathroom when my mom told me we had to go so my sister wouldn't be late for some dance. So I had to hold my pee for the 45 min ride home, unfortunately my brother went straight into the bathroom after we got home and I had to wait. My mom didn't notice since I usually shower after riding. 

Well when he got out (after like five min) I ran in there and realised I wasnt going to have enough time to undo my belt and jeans so I just slipped off my boots and stepped into the shower. The relief was only small as i realised I'd have to hide my jeans until I could wash them and dry them. I stuffed them in the back of the closet where our hamper is and continued with my routine. About a week later I noticed they weren't there. I guess my mom found them and they were dry.

That's my story on the first time I had an accident in public

