Best Experience Ever

Author: MagicMike123

*000*2015-11-08 06:08

So here is my best desperation and wetting experience I've ever had.

The other night (11/6/2015), I had an amazing wetting experience, which was repeated the next night, (last night, 11/7/2015).

It started off around 10pm or 11pm. I decided to do some interactive Milovana Challenges. I think in total I drank about 4-5 bottles worth of water and iced tea. I did this challenge, https://milovana.com/webteases/showflash.php?id=26435

. I held until a little after 1am. The challenges have you drink a lot and then wait, a story going along with it. I read the story on this website, Girl's school, while I held. I did pretty good for 3/4 of the challenge. I reached my maximum around that point. I was moving my legs, dancing around and holding myself. I was only a little wet, but from there, I was barely in control. I took off my tight belt to allievate some of the pressure, but at that point, it was only like I had drank a half an ounce less than I actually did. I started to dribble, and pee was slowly forcing itself out of my bladder. I never completely gave up, but by the end, enough pee had gotten out that half of my pants were completely soaked. I barely made it to the the bathroom, and let the rest out. After that, I cleaned myself, browsed omo.org for a bit, then went to bed. I was amazed as I usually don't hold that much.

Now, we move on to next night. Last night, was strange. I did another challenge, https://milovana.com/webteases/showflash.php?id=31362

The reason that this was strange, was that I drank around the same amount, maybe even a little less. But instead the loss of control came much quicker than last night. I was already a 6 on the desperation scale before I was 1/2 the challenge. I was losing control quickly, releasing large spurts rapidly, soaking the upper half of my pants quickly. My bladder was only 3/4 as full as it was last night, and I was already losing most of my control. I think it may have had something to do with the fact that I was not distracted by the story I was reading. 

I was really on my edge, even though I was not that full. I was grabbing myself as hard as I could, trying not to lose control, pee was spraying out in to my pants, making them glisten, pee dripping down my pant legs, (I was wearing blue jeans both nights). I eventually ended up soaking my chair and a towel I had under me. It felt amazing, my pee puddling up in my pants, and on the towel and chair. My pants were logged with pee by the time I was done. Those two nights were the best two nights of desperation and wetting of my life.

I was also holding and desperate while I was writing this, large spurts leaking out in to my underwear. I hope everyone enjoyed my experience, and I am planning on doing this type of thing with the interactive challenges much more often now. I went through 3 pairs of jeans over the two nights, and four pairs of underwear.

