Lewd Work Habits

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2014-10-15 10:30

It’s been a long while since I’ve written a story, but I’m pleased to let you know that my invested interest in watersports/omorashi has remained strong. Remember that a fetish is forever!

I currently carry with my life as a full-time student who works as a computer tech on the side. My mom left the country for a month and I have been able to enjoy increased privacy during this time.

Last time I wet myself for pleasure was last year, at my college dorm sitting on a green cushion while my roommate was out partying, getting smashed, and god knows what else. So I decided to challenge myself, for old time’s sake.

I woke up at 8 in the morning, as commute is about two hours and I needed to clock in at 11. We dress business formal over here, so I picked some red panties, black pantyhose, a black pencil skirt that reaches over my knees, and a cute red top with a bow on it. For those interested, I changed into some black corduroy pants upon arriving home since I didn’t want to ruin my skirt as it is a little pricey. At work, we wear an anti-static coat that completes the look.

I didn’t use the restroom before leaving, and took the two buses and train I needed to get to work. This works such that the last bus I take only passes once per hour, so when I arrive at my workplace, I have about 45 minutes to spare, of which I spend having breakfast, or in my case, a nice tall coffee. Coffee happens to go through me just as fast as booze, but as long as I don’t have too much, I don’t have to worry about having mishaps later on.

I clock in, put on my lab coat, and get to work. I had to disassemble an HP laptop and replace the screen, build a new PC, attend customers, and order parts for some MacBook we had lying around. Work went relatively smooth, as it was a slow day and I just relaxed most of the time. The coffee left a nice feeling down there; it wasn’t painful but I could feel there was something in my bladder. Hmm, I guess I could pee if I wanted. <3

Coffee makes me feel thirsty after a couple of hours, so I took a quick ten and bought a bottle of water. I took this additional infraction into consideration, and sipped with caution. I continued to help customers with their questions, ranging from assistance with a tablet their fat daughter had sat on, to removing viruses on a computer running Windows XP without risking the user data. Some customers were far easier to handle or had questions of actual value, such as returning a laptop that was within the return period, to asking about the difference between a GTX 780 and a 980. I felt my luck was running thin, as the day had gone unusually smooth, and then it suddenly hit me.

A customer pops up with a laptop with a non-functional display, is past its return period but still covered under warranty. So I check it in, but the customer wishes to borrow a laptop in the meantime because she has “school.” This, while not difficult to do, takes a 30-minute process involving plenty of paperwork and walking the customer over to checkout. This immediately made me fall behind my current pending tasks, but there was something of far more importance: I was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable down there and had to shift the weight between my feet a little. I was approaching my fifth hour so I knew I had to hurry.

After taking the customer’s credit card and generating all the paperwork needed, I took the new laptop with me and accompanied her to the huge line. Where did all these people come from? I moaned a little and put my hands in the pockets of my lab coat, holding myself a little while pretending to be looking for something.

“Is something the matter?” The customer asked me. “You look a little uncomfortable.”

“A-ah! No, no, it’s just… There’s a lot of people right now.”

“I see. I’m sorry for keeping you, I know you have to go to your lunch soon. Had I known it would take this long I would have just come back tomorrow or something.”

It’s a little too late to say that! Fortunately, I was able to finish up and clock out five minutes before my fifth hour. I set my phone to one hour and bustled for the breakroom.

Today seemed to be my lucky day, as upon arriving to the table next to where my locker is, I found a nice, cold, unopened can of sugarfree Monster. I’ll have you know that three things in life go straight through me, and they are booze, coffee, and energy drinks. I could not pass this up, regardless of my situation, and so this little can found a new owner, as she left to get something to eat.

Only two hours left of work, and I clocked in again. I severely underestimated the effects of what I had done so far and I was beginning to worry whether I would be able to return home in a dry state. Customers were coming back from their jobs around this time so I became busy with ink refills, computer check ins, pick ups, and other tasks that entailed me walking back and forth. My own tasks were done at this time, the HP laptop was repaired and picked up, the new PC was running a stress test, and other techs were handling customer questions. However, I was well aware of the fact that I was filling up quite fast now and I felt quite uncomfortable and a little pain from the liquids sloshing around in my bladder. My breathing was a little more audible and I can feel my face becoming a little warm as I began to realize just how aroused I was getting… in the workplace.

As I waited for the next ink to finish refilling, I did not notice my coworker come up to me while because I was busy thinking about the untold acts I would be performing later.

“Hey, [Maria]!”

He took me by surprise, and I crossed my legs as I let out a small scream.

“I have to leave now, my girlfriend called me and I’ve already stayed past 15 minutes. Mark should be here in about an hour, so I’ll see you tomorrow instead.”

Things took a turn for the worse right there. I would have to hold the fort for my last hour and Mark would be my saving grace if he were to arrive on time. Remember that the bus home only comes by once per hour, so if I miss that one I’ll be living an experience I will never forget. After waving him goodbye with a smile, I clenched my fists and pressed my legs together as I watched him leave. Only 30 minutes remained, and my highest priority was to leave work wearing dry clothes.

As customer after customer came next in line, I realized just how dire my predicament has been. Standing puts a whole new level of strain on one’s bladder, and I found myself bending over the counter as I spoke to each customer, crossing my legs in an attempt to keep my composure. My lab coat is quite long, so it covers what I am doing.

Eventually, a customer arrived with a PC he wanted checked in for interior cleaning. It was quite dusty, and a little heavy so I spread apart my legs a little to pick it up and place it in our check in area. Bad mistake, as I picked it up, my lower lip trembled a little and became a little numb as I felt something warm and slimy escape from the depths of my womanhood. I gasped a little, but the case of the PC was tall enough to cover my face from being seen by the customer as I did this, and the counter prevented him from seeing what just fell on the ground. I regained control, set the PC in it’s proper area, and returned to the customer to give him copies of the paperwork while discreetly eyeballing the spill I made.

“Are you okay?” The customer asked.

“Yeah, it was just a little heavy, that’s all.”

“You’re the only one here, don’t they have guys to help you with all this stuff? That’s not very considerate of them, leaving you alone here and all.”

“I guess they feel I’m good enough to handle it myself in the meantime,” I subtly answered. I had no time to bullshit confidence though, I was on the verge of wetting myself.

And at last, my saving grace arrived. Mark arrived to work a little earlier than usual, after hearing of my situation. If I were to leave right now, I could make the bus that passes an hour earlier than the one I normally take. I was now in a hurry, and both greeted Mark and said my goodbye to him before he could protest. I took off my lab coat, got my things from my locker, and hurried out the door. The bus was to pass by in five minutes, so I had to run.

The run, although short, felt like a mile to me. All these liquids bouncing around in me begged for release, and I let loose a few drops here and there. It wasn’t what I expected, but at least I didn’t humiliate myself in front of all those people there. Now the question was, how was I going to get home in one and a half hours like this? I honestly couldn’t see it happening, but assuming the worst of circumstances, at least it was nighttime, I was wearing black, and the bus is normally not crowded.

I made the bus on time, tapped my bus pass, and occupied the seat in the back like I normally do. I crossed my legs and attempted my best to relax. Fortunately, it worked, and feelings of desperation for the ladies’ subsided as I believe it was an anxiety thing from wanting to leave the workplace early. The dull pain turned into a sharper one, but it was manageable and it remained this way for the rest of the trip.

By the time I made it off the bus, the damage to my panties have dried and I made my way to the train. As I stood up, the pain intensified and I had to avoid running as it could cause me to lose it. I instead walked a little faster and arrived on time to take the train. I was able to get another seat in the back and regain control.

Success. All that was left now was a short walk home. Normally it is a piece of cake but when you’re trying to get there with a full bladder that’s at the brink of exploding, it turns into quite the herculean task. The struggle was real, and I had to hold myself with one hand in public for part of the trip. It was embarrassing, but the alternative would have been catastrophic. I entered the residential area of my block and fished into my bag for my keys. I have triumphed in my task, and successfully lived an experience worth bragging about, to you guys, at least.

I opened the door and climbed the flight of stairs to my apartment. However as I did this, the extra pressure caused by bending my legs further to reach the next step pushed another short stream of the golden liquid through me. A hissing sound pierced the dead silence of the building for less than a quarter of the second, and I blushed like mad. A short adrenaline rush helped me overcome the stairs somehow and I just about knocked over the door to my apartment.

Not wanting to ruin my expensive dress skirt, I hobbled into my room, removed it, and my pantyhose, just a little over slightly damp, and slid on a pair of corduroy pants that I quite disliked and fit me a little too tight. Getting into these was a little more difficult than usual because of my bulging bladder, and I soon ran into the restroom.

I ran, for I was already leaking so much due to the tightness of the pants around my bladder, and I was barely able to jump into the tub, preventing from getting urine all over the carpet on the bathroom floor. My body wasted no time, and my lips began to twitch again. Soon, I was hissing everywhere, as multiple golden jets emerged under my bottom, creating elaborate lines around my legs, caressing them before pooling around my feet. Everything felt so warm and fuzzy, and my legs were trembling, eventually giving away, causing me to land on my knees. My breathing intensified as my eyes began to water and I could feel my breath fogging up my glasses as I partook in this intense pleasure. Sweet, warm relief surrounded me, and I continued peeing myself, shooting out urine from my most delicate area shamelessly like a garden hose.

I don’t know how much time passed. I eventually came and fainted for a short moment. At the very least, I was pleased to know I wouldn’t have to clean up anywhere else other than the tub. I stimulated myself a little more before peeling my soaked pants from my body.

In the end, I had my cake and ate it too. Again. Simply marvelous.

You may have noticed that some of these stills are screenshots from a video. Expand the spoiler to see them. I’m currently experimenting with video and may look into making some for the public in the future. Thank you for reading. You can read other stories of mine by visiting my profile and checking for topic history.

{{:

}}

*008*2014-10-17 05:49

Again, thank you for all your feedback, everyone!

{{ 

Great story. Hopefully you will write more stories with your mom gone for the next month. Do you have anything planned for your next wetting?

}}

Perhaps I'll try holding it while at school. I have a huge six hour block of classes with a 10-minute segment between them; sounds like it could be fun.

{{ 

What do you think would have happened if you just let it all go while helping a customer?

}}

I would pray to Black Jesus to save my soul as something like this only occurs in nightmares otherwise.

{{ 

Fantastic an amazing writing, I can't wait for the video!

}}

Don't expect a video for this one though, I'm still figuring stuff out and have yet to buy a good camera. <3

*020*2015-02-02 02:49

{{ 

I did want more details of your climax. Was it hands-free just from holding or from peeing? How long did it last?

}}

Usually I don't need to masturbate so much because I'm on edge from just holding it in. As the sensation of relieving myself comes about, that is when I typically come. Afterwards I can stay where I am, without moving, my breath fogging up my lenses, for 20 minutes or so.

Yeah, it's pretty powerful. Thank you for reading.

