Sneaky/stealthy wettings

Author: WetDev

*000*2013-08-08 18:36

Hey, just thought I'd share some short stories about sneaky/stealthy wettings I like doing, mostly in public. I've always loved the idea of wetting myself around people without them knowing about it. I also always loved the idea of being able to let go whenever I wanted to, wherever I was.

So for my public wettings I wear skinny or slim fit black jeans. Not all of my black jeans hide the wetness completely, so I do some careful testing at home, before wetting them in public. I'm still experimenting with different fabrics and materials to see which ones work best. I also tend to wear cute panties and tights under my jeans (I'm a crossdresser).

Most of the times, I drink a lot of water to make sure that my pee is dilute, so that it doesn't produce an unpleasant odor. My black jeans completely hide my wetness, but people can definitely tell when someone's had an accident by the smell of it. So, black jeans and a lot of water = no traces and happy oblivious people all around you

For most of my public wettings, I get really desperate at home, then excitedly dress up and go out. I might let out a few spurts here and there while on my way to my destination. I like going to malls, parks and other busy places. Usually these places will have some quiet/secluded areas (especially at parks) where I can relief myself.

Over the years, I have become more self-conscious and considerate about other people and private property. I don't really fully wet myself in shops and other private property where a member of staff would have to clean up after me. I might, however, let out a few spurts while browsing for cute clothes, but my jeans and tights soak it all up. Note that I have nothing against people who are brave enough to wet themselves in private property, I just feel bad doing it myself!

Another thing I like to do is wearing lighter color jeans and letting out a few spurts during short trips to town or local shops. Most people won't notice unless they are looking for it, and if someone is looking at my crotch, then I'm flattered! A small spot between your legs won't be noticeable while you're walking/standing, and when you're sitting you can easily hide it. I love making little wet spots in my jeans in public, knowing that no one is aware of what I've done, even though the evidence is right there.

Lastly, I also love to wear maxi pads/incontinence pads. Like, a LOT. Since I was a kid. I love the fact that you can slowly wet yourself, feel wet on your pad, and keep your clothes dry. No one knows what you've just done. Of course you can't let it out all at once, but the pads that I use allow me to slowly pee quite a lot without leaking. I do also like diapers, but they're too bulky, too expensive, and frankly feel too dry and take out the risk factor that gives me most of the thrill while wetting in public.

Unfortunately, I'm not a girl, and I haven't tried full crossdressing yet to try to pass as a girl (that involves a lot of work, time and effort). So the only crossdressing I do in public is stuff that cannot be seen, such as underwear. I really hate the fact that I'm not able to wear skirts or tight shorts in public. Sometimes I wish I was a girl! It would be really awesome to do some sneaky wettings under a skirt, I absolutely love those. Still, that doesn't stop me from enjoying my skirts and dresses at home

