Nowhere to Go (male desp)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2014-04-27 16:29

A while ago I spent the day at a competition organised by my university, where we had to present our project work to some potential employers who would then decide on which group was the best. The event was held in one of the oldest buildings on campus, more like a church than anything else, and lasted all afternoon. We were all dressed in business dress, wanting to look smart for the employers. There were plenty of refreshments on offer, and I was quite thirsty so I ended up drinking at least 2 cups of coffee, a few cups of water and loads of cups of orange juice throughout the day.

This proved to be a big mistake. After we had spent a couple of hours showcasing our work, we had to listen to the employers give their own presentations. This seemed to go on forever, and I was soon starting to get pretty desperate for a piss. After the presentations were over we had the chance to network with the employers, and despite the increasing pressure from my bladder, I wanted to take the opportunity to get to know some of the visitors and find out more about careers.

After an hour or so I was beginning to get increasingly fidgety and uncomfortable, my filling bladder distracting me more and more. I was speaking to a woman about the company she worked for but I could hardly concentrate on what she was saying. I listened politely until I got the opportunity to excuse myself, then decided to try and find the toilets. Just as I was about to leave the room, somebody made the announcement that it was now time for the prize giving session. I paused, wondering whether or not I’d have time to have a quick piss before coming back, but I realised that I had no idea where the toilets were, and finding them could take forever. I bit my lip and took a seat, resigning myself to hold on for however long the prize giving took.

First, we had to sit through the event organiser talking about how well we had all performed etc. etc. He talked for ages, but I wasn’t really listening, squirming and fidgeting about in my seat, bouncing my knees around. I was really bursting now, regretting drinking so much earlier on. At long last, the prizes were handed out, and I was shocked to hear that our team had come second in the competition. I was pleased we’d done so well, but I realised that I’d have to get up onstage in front of everyone in the room to receive the prize and pose for a picture, while somehow trying not to let on that I was absolutely dying for a piss!

I bit my lip as I stood up, feeling the pressure of my bladder pushing against my belt. I walked quickly up to the stage and posed for a photo with my team members, trying not to embarrass myself in front of everyone. I could hardly stand still, and I was dying to cross my legs or bounce from foot to foot, but I forced myself not to. I walked back from the stage and breathed a sigh of relief as I sat down again, jiggling my legs discreetly as I watched the rest of the prize giving with increasing urgency.

Finally it was over, and after a bit of small-talk I put on my jacket and left with the rest of my class. I kept looking around for the toilets but couldn’t see a sign anywhere. Even though I hated letting people know I had to piss, I had no other choice, I was going to have to ask somebody where the toilets were. It was a 30 minute bus ride back to my accommodation and I really didn’t think I could wait that long. I turned around and hurried back to the room, where the event organisers were packing away. I approached one of them, a gorgeous blonde lady in her 20s, and asked quietly if she knew where the toilets were, trying to hide how bursting I was. ‘Toilets? Yeah, I think they’re downstairs down the corridor to the left’. I thanked her and hurriedly followed her directions. At the end of the corridor was a staircase, with a sign saying ‘Toilets’ and an arrow pointing up.

Glad I’d found relief at last, I hurried up the staircase and turned the corner. In front of me was the toilet door, but it was blocked off with a sign with ‘CLOSED FOR CLEANING’ written on it. I bit my lip in frustration, briefly grabbing my dick. Not wanting to wait around, I walked quickly back downstairs and glanced desperately up and down the deserted corridor. ‘These can’t be the only toilets…’ I thought to myself. I noticed an office with a woman sat behind a computer, and desperation overcoming shyness, I walked inside.

She glanced up as I entered. ‘Hi, sorry to bother you… are those the only toilets?’ I gestured to the staircase. ‘It’s just that they’re closed… they’re being cleaned’. I put my hands in my pockets and crossed my legs. Her eyes flicked down to my tightly crossed legs for a split second before she answered. ‘Yeah they are, sorry. I’m sure they’ll be open soon though’. I tried to hide my frustration as I answered. ‘Ok, thanks.’ I walked quickly out the office and gave my dick another squeeze, bobbing up and down on the spot in the empty corridor. Shit, I was bursting, there was no way I could wait for the cleaners to finish. I decided to try the neighbouring humanities building, as I’d been in there a few times before and knew it had toilets.

I walked out onto the busy street, walking as fast as I could towards the humanities building, biting my lip. My bladder felt really full, and I was extremely tense, hoping that the building was gonna be open, since it was now past 5pm. Luckily it was, and I walked through the doors towards the nearest toilets. I quickened my pace as the toilet door came into view, but as I got within a few metres I stopped in my tracks, stamping my foot on the floor in frustration. It was locked, a little sign saying ‘Engaged’ above the handle. I sighed and resigned myself to wait for whoever was in there to come out, bouncing up and down slightly on the spot. After a minute or so of desperate waiting, I thrust my hands in my pockets so could discreetly squeeze my cock, bending over at the waist for a second before straightening up and shifting my weight from foot to foot. ‘Ohh hurry up, I need a piss’ I muttered under my breath.

Just then, I was startled by a voice from behind me. ‘Are you ok?’. I started to blush as I quickly took my hands out of my pockets. I whipped round and noticed a woman on the reception desk (who wasn’t there when I walked in) standing up and looking at me. I started to blush… shit, surely she must have noticed my frantic squirming and bouncing around. I was also aware that my cock was now pretty hard, both from the pressure in my bladder and from the constant grabbing and squeezing, and I really hoped it wasn’t too obvious.

‘Yeah sorry, I’m just waiting for the toilet’ I said, trying to act casual, resting my hands in front of my crotch, pushing on my dick slightly and crossing my legs. ‘I thought so’ she said with a smile, ‘that toilet’s been locked all day, I think there’s a men’s loo upstairs you can use.’ I thanked her and hurried past her up the stairs, still blushing from the embarrassment of being caught squirming and holding myself outside of a locked toilet. I glanced down and realised that there was a pretty noticeable bulge in the crotch of my trousers, though if the receptionist noticed, she didn’t mention it.

After climbing the staircase walked out into another empty corridor, and luckily the men’s toilets were right in front of me. Well… I say luckily, they were there all right, but the door was taped off with a WET PAINT hung across. ‘You’ve got to be kidding me’ I moaned, bouncing frantically on the spot. I couldn’t believe this was happening… here I was, bursting for a piss and the world seemed to be conspiring against me to stop me getting the relief I wanted so badly. I thought about heading back downstairs to ask the receptionist if there were any other toilets, but I was way too embarrassed.

The building had a couple more levels so I decided to keep heading upstairs. ‘There’s got to be a fucking open toilet somewhere in here’ I thought as I climbed to the next floor. I got there and was faced with an almost identical corridor, but this time there was just a women’s toilet, and no men’s toilet to be seen. I was so desperate that I briefly considered using the women’s toilet but for some reason the door had a keycode lock. ‘Fuck fuck fuck’ I muttered, grabbing my cock and pushing on the locked door in annoyance. There was only one more floor, and if that didn’t have a toilet I was willing to piss almost anywhere, even begging someone to let me into the women’s toilets.

I climbed the stairs to the top floor and sighed. No toilets at all this time, just a water cooler and two doors, both leading to corridors with endless doors to various offices and utility rooms. I hurried frantically down one of the empty corridors, my footsteps quiet on the carpeted floor. I was beginning to sweat, both from my desperation and the heat of the building, since it was quite a warm day outside. Despite how bursting for a piss I was I was actually fairly thirsty, and my mouth was dry, so I took a big gulp of water from my water bottle in my bag. I got to the end of the corridor – no toilets. I swore under my breath and hurried down towards the other corridor, taking advantage of being alone to grip my cock through my trousers as I walked.

The other corridor was almost identical to the first, but as I neared the end I grinned and quickened my pace, seeing a sign on the wall saying ‘Toilets’ with an arrow pointing towards the end. I passed a door to the women’s toilets, locked with a keypad like the other one, and hurried down the corridor hopefully. But as I got to the end I was once again left disappointed, frustrated, and bursting. A sign was taped to the door, stating simply ‘OUT OF USE’. I sighed loudly, gripping my cock and leaning back against the wall with my legs crossed, so tired, hot, pissed off and desperate that I was ready to whip out my dick and start wetting almost anywhere. I was actually eyeing up a potted plant in the corner when an attractive Indian woman came out of a room nearby, and I barely had time to let go of my cock before she glanced up and noticed me.

‘Hi…’ she said, looking a bit confused. ‘Oh hi’ I replied, struggling to keep my voice steady despite my fierce need to piss. ‘Sorry do you know if there any other toilets, these ones are out of use.’ I bobbed up and down in urgency and bit my lip, resting my hands on my belt so I could discreetly pull it away from my swollen bladder. I was past the point of being able to stand still now, I was absolutely frantic and just wanted somewhere to finally relieve myself with a long hard piss.

She glanced at the toilet door then back to me, taking in my desperate squirming and bouncing from foot to foot. She glanced down at the bulge in the front of my trousers for a second before meeting my eye, smiling shyly. ‘Toilets… erm… yeah, go down those stairs and I think there should be on some on the left, if not then… there might be some others further down the corridor.’ She sounded unsure, but it was the best chance I had. I quickly thanked her and she smiled back, with another quick glance at my crotch. As I turned my back on her I immediately gripped my rock hard cock tightly through my trousers, biting my lip in a mixture of embarrassment and urgency, blushing like crazy. I couldn’t believe I was making my desperation so obvious, but right at that moment all I didn’t care, I just needed to find relief, and quickly.

I hurried down the nearby stairs, still gripping my cock tightly, my bladder throbbing with every step I took. ‘If there aren’t any open toilets down here I’m just gonna have to go back up and beg her to let me use the women’s toilets.’ I thought to myself as I pounded down the staircase. I opened a door and stepped out onto the corridor, quickly turning to my left. ‘Oh thank goddddd’ I muttered, seeing the door to the men’s toilets right in front of me. I hurried towards it, already opening my belt. ‘Ohh please be open’ I thought desperately as I reached the door and pushed against it.

‘Yesssss’ I said out loud as I walked through and into the toilets, darting into a stall with my hands already tearing open my fly and pulling out my cock. I stood over the bowl, gently rubbing a hand over my rock hard bladder to help my muscles relax after holding on for so long, and soon started wetting a long, loud, desperate stream into the bowl. I moaned quietly as the sounds of my piss hitting the water filled the room. After a minute or so, my bladder was finally empty, and I sighed loudly with relief. I washed my hands and left the building, hot and embarrassed, but happy that after everything that had happened, I’d finally found somewhere to piss.

