My first experience

Author: Goldenstorm

*000*2013-12-07 00:18

Hello every one this is my first experience, it was when i was only 12 years old in the school. I want to share it with you and I like to recive your coments. I have a lot of experiences if this work I will post some more.

Ok first of all I have to give some explanations, here in México the comon in basic schools is to use "pupitres" (I don´t know how to say it in English), I think they are not used in all countries, those pupitres are seats with a table for two students (all in one piece) usually are of wood, for this reason the kids always sits in pairs.

I was lucky because the most beuatiful girl of the group was sharing the same seat with me, I was in love with that girl, she has a dark Brown hair and honey color eyes, her skin is still so white, I am still in contact with her, and for a time she was my girfriend in highschool.

That day we had an exam I think the subject was math, in that momento my friend tells me "I´m going to ask for permission I ned to go to the bathroom" she was about to raise her hand when the teacher took a bounch of papers and says "Get ready for the exam" and he put the firs test sheets in front of my parter inmediatelly after that give one exam to me, we were in the front of the classroom, she was a Smart girl, the best student of the group, for that reason she always sits in the front part.

When teacher finish to give the exams he was to explain the instructions when my partner rise her hand "Yes, what do you want?" says the teacher, "May I go to the toilet first, please?" The teacher think it for a moment, and answer "You should tellme before I gave you the exam... or at least in the moment when I gave ot to you, not now, you had enough time to check it meanwhile I was givin´ it to the others"

She says a bit angry "I´m not going to cheat, I just want to go to the toilet, I havent´ read the exam yet"

"I´m sorry _______, you have to wait ´til you finish"

I saw the face of her, she was ofended and upset, but most of all in her face you can see she was worried. The exam starts, and I was watching her discretly, she was looking the exam and answering with one hand, but the other was in one of her legs hardly pressing her musle, not so much time after I watch her feet start to taping in the floor.

"Are you ok?" I asked in a wisper "I have to go to the bathroom now" she says with desperation in her voice, her eyes looks like she was about to start cry.

"Hold on" I said but in that moment my heart was running, I was feeling the excitment increasing in myself, and I was not sure why, I discover myself wishing she can not hold it, and pee right there in her panties and her deep-blue school skirt.

She raises her hand a second time "Yes?" asked the teacher, "Teach please, I swear I whon´t cheat, but I really have to go"

The answer of my teach was cold like the ice "Did you finish your exam?"

"No, but..."

"Then the answer is not, you are old enough to control yourself, the class over in 10 minutes"

I was really excited in that moment but I tough 10 minutes are nothing, she will make it on time.

I had finished my exam by that moment but if i gave it to the teacher he will let me out, and I don´t desire to lost any moment of her predicament.

She was really desperate moving her legs up and down and crossing and uncrossing ocasionally.

In one moment she turn to me and says"I´m going to pee myself" she was almost crying, and I was felling guilty because she is a good friend and I was wishing she wets herself in fron of me.

She hurried in her exam, but I supouse she canot focus her mind, in that moment she had her legs pressed together and turning them to the left to the rigth, ocasionally her knee touches mine.

A big part of the students had left the classroom by that moment, I was watching her directly, she was so concéntrate and didn´t notice me looking at her, there left five minutes to end the exam and she was rigid like a statue with her eyes in her test, one hand on the table writting fast and the other hand between her legs protecting her panties to get wet, holding her private parts to prevent a torrent of yellow hot piss.

I had my hand in the seat next to her, I use to put it there with the hope of she get sit on me accidentally, that never happend, but what happened was better than anything.

My beautiful parttner still frezee, she stop moving the writting hand and doesn´t dares to move anymore, for a moment I didn´t undestand what was happening, but almost at the same time she start to cry and I feel a hot liquid floading trough in my hand, I didn´t move my hand of there, my eyes just started at her and my fantasies makes me imagine for a moment that my hand was not in the seat, was in her crotch feeling how her pee was coming out.

Then the techer ask her "What is happening? whi is she crying?" but in that moment he realize the yellow puddle growing down her, and she finally surrend and let it go, with a hissing sound.

All the students start to speak I Heard things like "Look she had peed herself" "She is peeing" "______wets herself"

She started at the teacher still crying oviously upset and say "It´s your fault , you had to let me go, why you didn´t let me go"

Then I said "There, there, it wasn´t in porpouse, and it´s not your fault to" I was having the urge of consolate her, I was needing to hug her and make her feel better, but that´s all I could tell.

The teacher then says "Ok, everybody, giveme your exams ond go home" after he turns to my partner and told her "...go to the toilet and wait there, I´ll tell you when your fathers arrives for you".

She stand up and go out of the classroom, all the students had left the classroom by that moment, and the teacher follows her, I don´t know why, I supouse to apologuize with her, I keep in the classroom watching her damp seat and the puddle in the floor, her pee has wet my pants a Little bit and I smell my hand with her urine the teacher comes back so soon.

Of course I offer myself for clean the pupitre, the teacher told me "Yes please, the jaintor should had gone to home by now" he gaves me a small towell, (he bring it, I supouse from the storage) and says "When you finish drop it in the trash"

I cleaned the seat and the floor but I keep the towell until now.

When I finish, I took the _________ backpack´s and her stuff and go to the toilet to give them to her.

She was still crying and I asked her "What´s going on? Don´t worry, its OK" and she said.

"No I had pee myself, and nobody is going to come for me, I always go home by myself"

"Why you didn´t tell the teacher?"

"Because I am angry whit him, this is all his fault, and what can I do now? I can´t leave like this"

She turn arround and show me her wet skirt "Everybody will be watching this" and star to cry again

I told her if she likes I could hug her from behind and walk with her to her house.

"But your pants are going to get damp" she saids blushing

"Don´t worry its fine" I told her comprensively, but inside my heart was yelling "ACCEPT, PLEASE!!!"

And she did, I Hug her from behind and walk in that posture for 15 glorious minutes until we arrive to her home, She noticed my ovious corporal excitation but didn´t tell anything about that.

After that she became my grilfriend for the next 3 years.

I hope you like my first experience, please coment, Im sorry if I made some mistakes, English is not my native lenguaje, Thank you

*006*2013-12-20 06:07

Thanks to everyone for all your coments, I will post another stories of my experience and maybe some fantasies

*008*2013-12-23 05:48

{{ 

Thanks for the story - very nice to read, how helpful and comforting you behaved!

Did she understand that she would only have had to wait 5 minutes longer? However, she should have simply stood up and left, without permission!!

}}

When we were going in the way to her house se mentioned it, she knew if only could wait a few moments she could reach the toilet on time, I think she was upset for the stress, because when we left the school she was more ashamed instead of angry, I supouse when she feelt she wasn´t alone the anger gone, or maybe it was because she wasn´t angry with me, and I think she felt grateful in that moment, but I didn´t try to talk about it more, I didn´t want she gets unconfortable and became angry with me, I try some time after, About of stood up and left, as I mentioned she was a good student and I remember she always respect the rules, at least I don´t remember she breaking the rules.

