My math teacher snapped

Author: TJC

*000*2014-11-15 16:44

So this was a story from back in high school. In one of my math classes, there was a girl who would drink a lot of water and therefore was often desperate. In every class I had with her she would ask practically daily to use the bathroom and this of course annoyed the teachers. One day my math teacher had enough and put her foot down. The girl asked if she could go pee. The teacher casually refused. The girl said she really needed to pee but was still refused. My teacher said that she was sick of people constantly using the bathroom in the middle of her lessons. A few more people asked to leave shortly after and were of course refused. This resulted in much desperation as there was the girl as well as about 3 guys dying to pee. 

The guys didn't show many signs, but the girl was clearly desperate. For a little while she just held her crotch and shook her leg and was talking to herself how bad she needed to pee. She then pleaded with the teacher claiming she would pee her pants if she couldn't leave. The teacher said that she wouldn't and refused. The girl was pee dancing in her seat and by now her bladder was quite swollen. I of curse could not focus on the work at this point and sat hoping for an accident. Her holding held up until near the end of class where she asked the teacher what if she had peed her pants. Now here's the crazy part. The teacher said that if any of the students were really that desperate they'd leave the class even without permission. The desperate students were not amused to hear this. When class finished there was a stampede to go pee.

