When I Asked My Girlfriend to Wet Herself

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2013-03-09 22:37

When I was at college in my early 20’s I had a very passionate relationship with a girlfriend. We had been going out for a year before I dared to divulge my fantasy, which is of course imagining being with a girl who is desperate to wee and ultimalely has to wet her knickers.

Often when we were out she would say she was dying for a wee and would jig about. Her standard expression when she wanted a wee tended to be ‘I’m nearly wetting myself.’ This really turned me on and we often had great sex, but no wetting!

One Friday night we had been out drinking with friends and had gone back home, but as it was a lovely warm summers evening we decided to go for a walk. As we walked down the road I realised I was beginning to need a wee due to all the beer, so

I suggested going back to use the bathroom, but she said ‘no don’t bother, you can go while we are out, it’s easy enough for blokes to do so.’

I asked if she needed a wee, and she admitted that she could feel the need to wee starting, and would probably need to go while we were out.

As we walked on, after a while, she asked if she could watch me while I had a wee, and I said yes ok, and would she also let me watch her have a wee.

This was all ok, so I took a deep breath and continued, saying I was always turned on when she was desperate and said she was nearly wetting herself.

She didn't seem bothered by this, so then I went on and said I would love it if she would wet her knickers when she was with me that evening. She gave a little laugh and said she wasn't sure if she could but would try, but seemed genuinely surprised that I hadn’t said anything before about this fantasy, as if it was no big deal.

When we got into the parkland which followed a river, we walked along until we came to some trees and shrubs, there was no one else about.

We went into the shrubs and she asked me to have a pee first. I unzipped my jeans and tried to go, it took a bit of concentration in the circumstances, but soon I began to wee, as I did so she stood close to me and watched intently as I let go a stream onto the grass. This seemed to really turn her on.

When I had finished she said now she really needed to wee, would I let her go? I asked ‘ was she nearly wetting herself’ as she so often said, and she replied ‘yes she really was’.

I hoisted up her long cotton skirt and said could she let go a little bit and wet the crotch of her cotton knickers. It took some minutes for her to overcome the conditioning we all learn as toddlers not to wet ourselves, but then she said she was nearly doing it. I gently put my hand between her legs as I held up her skirt, I wanted to feel the cotton of her knickers as she was wetting. 'Oh gosh, I was nearly doing it then, but when you did that it made me stop,' she said.

We stood like that for a minute or two more and then she said 'I'm doing it, can you feel it?' At that I could feel the wetness spreading through her knickers and into my hand. I looked at her knickers and saw a wet patch that had appear between her legs. I gently rubbed the wetness and she stopped weeing, by now I was extremely turned on.

She then moved away a bit, pulled her knickers down and squatted down to empty her bladder as I watched, before pulling them up and wearing the wet knickers to walk back home, with a very wet crotch but no evidence for anyone else to see or know that she had wet herself.

