On the bike

Author: fak

*000*2012-04-09 00:33

So today I was going for dinner to my parents house. it's about 20 minutes from my place, by bike, so I had to wear more clothes because weather has been cold lately. when I was fully clothed I felt a slight urge to pee but I was too lazy to undress, so I decided to hold till I am at my parents. actually I forgot about it, I played with dog for a while than we had dinner and even a tea. when I was going home and put on my shoes on I felt and urge to pee again, but a lot more stronger. 

But as I am seriously lazy (especially on sundays) and my parents still haven't got doors in their new house (just curtains, it's funny :D ) I put ma jacket on and headed home. It was really cold outside and after few minutes it started to snow (f**ing april weather) and my desperation was building fast. on the bike I wasn't able to hold my crotch or push my knees together or anything and it felt arousing to be so out of control :). well now during easter street are deserted, even more when it's night. so for a little bit more arousal I tried to hold for a while. then I relaxed my muscles and let go. it felt interesting as the warm pee was coming out of me while I was still pushing the pedals. the thing is I got a bit more aroused then I expected because I was moving too much on my seat (you know what I mean ;)) I almost lost balance :D

But I rather won't do this in a cold weather again. I strongly don't recommend it when you don't want to be in risk of getting cold ;)

*006*2012-04-13 12:17

{{ 

Nice story...I think I've noticed something reading your stories and if I'm not wrong, you never really plan these things, you just get an opportunity and kinda go for it...I love that, haha. I really hope you keep doing these things because your stories are always nice to read, since they are mostly real accidents and in pretty daring places! I have done a bike wetting once as well but it was many years ago, now I feel like I would like to do one again soon :)

}}

Yes that's maybe because I don't like planned desperation. It takes too much time and effort to prepare for it and I just don't care. and thanks for appreciating my stories, that's one more reason for me to share them here with you :)

