Interview accident

Author: vicious

*000*2012-09-04 13:28

Hi, Been on the site for a while but havent posted much, but had an incident this week that I just had to share....

I have to qualify the title first, one it was on the way home from an interview, not at the interview and two, when I say accident, there were a couple of opportunities to use the loo that I (foolishly) passed up, but I wasnt planning for this to happen.

So here goes;

I got up early this monday morning to go for an interview in my local city centre, had the girlfriend round so we had a coffee together before she had to go to work, I had about half an hour till I had to leave, so another coffee and change of clothes (black trousers with white pinstripes and a grey and black shirt with a pink tie, I know, awesome right :p) and I was off. No hint of needing the loo at all before the interview and the hour and a half I spent there passed without incident. I'm pretty satisfied as I leave as they arranged a second interview with me, so I decide to go get some lunch, got a sandwich and drink n went to sit down on a park bench to munch it.

At this point, I had no prior indication I needed to pee, but as I sat down I got a sudden wave of urgency and before I knew what had happened, I felt a small trickle down my shaft that ran on to my testicles. It was a tiny dribble, and barely wet the material of my boxers, nevermind my trousers, never the less I was puzzled as that doesnt really happen to me unless I'm bursting ( I still dont know why this happened, possibly the position I was sitting?).

Now, at this point, I really should have gone and found a toilet I guess, but I did'nt have any strong urge to pee after the dribble so figured I'd be fine. I went to get some new underwear before heading home (i go through so many pairs ;-) ) and then headed towards my bus stop, my bladder was a little fuller now, but I assumed I could make it home. when I got to the stop I saw I had just over half an hour to wait for the bus, I was a little worried as my bus takes nearly an hour, but I thought dont be silly, go have a smoke and the bus'll be here in no time.

So I rolled a cig and sat on a wall for a smoke, my desperation spiked suddenly again and another little dribble escaped, I discreetly checked my trousers to make sure none had gone through and fortunately it had'nt, but now I had a dilemma, I realised my desperation was a lot stronger than I had initially realised and the bus journey home would be at the least uncomfortable, and possibly undoable yet the bus now came in 10 minutes, not enough time to get to the nearest loo and back.

I (again foolishly) decided my best option was to wait for the bus and try to make it home, after all, apart from a few little leaks I've never lost control publicly before. By the time the bus came I could'nt keep my legs still anymore, in the last half hour my desperation level had gone from 0-9 in a big way, so I got on and sat down, trying as best I could to hold it whilst not looking too odd to other passengers. Unfortunately, I'm a jiggler, I cant hold it and sit still I have to move around, so anyone who cared to watch must have been thinking strange thoughts (unless they knew what was going on of course).

About half an hour into the journey, a few small spurts had leaked out and I was really starting to panic that I was going to fully embarass myself on the bus, I managed to get myself under control, but I was in pain now, and was counting the minutes until I could get off, then, about ten minutes later I could feel I was on the verge of losing another spurt, I could feel my muscles battling to keep it back but it was a losing battle, as it slipped out i tried to exert the muscles down there to regain control and shut off the flow, but it just wouldnt happen, I couldnt close the muscle again and pee was still leaking out...

It must have been 2-3 seconds before I was able to regain control and I was horrified, trying not to let it show on my face as I felt it soaking into the back of my trousers and the seat around my bum, praying that non dripped off the seat and splashed on the floor, fortunately, none did and despite the fact my face was now bright red I was pretty sure no-one had yet noticed what had happened.

So there I am, still battling to hold on and trying to work out how to stand up without anyone seeing my wet bottom and now getting closer to my stop. My jacket wasnt the kind I could tie around my waist so I had no choice but to hope my black trousers didnt show the mark too badly. I was still bursting to let the rest of my bladder go, and I knew I would make the accident worse if I tried to get all the way home, so I decided to get off 2 stops early and duck into the wooded area near my house for a pee.

I had planned to get up confidently and stride to the front, to better cover what had happened, but I was nearly leaking again by the time I got off, so I settled for a half-bent over hobble. no sniggers or cat calls as I got off the bus but I could feel the wetness on my bum and knew it had been a significant accident, and that it was about to get worse, I ran up the small hill to the wooded area, and a couple were sat on the bench, so I walk past and further into the area trying to look nonchalante.

But this costs me my control and before I can get out of site I can feel it running down my leg, I manage to get far enough in and pull my trousers down to finish off, but now theres a semi circular stain on the right of my crotch and a thick dark line down to my knee, Worse, I realise that these are entirely visible to anyone who cares to look, despite the dark pants. So I stood for a couple of minutes wondering what to do, then set off on the short but embarassing walk home, as I could think of no other options.

I have included pics of the clothing below. As my first experience of a public incident I would like to hear from anyone who had similar experiences as whilst thinking back to it turns me on greatly, I was mortified whilst it was happening!

*002*2012-09-04 16:45

{{ 

Oh yum and I love the fact that they are nice tailored trousers! Thanks for sharing!

}}

Yeah never wet them before (for obvious reasons), didnt think it'd show that bad! glad you enjoyed.

*004*2012-09-05 11:33

{{ 

Nice, detailed story! Love that you attached photos to :)

And as a side-note, whenever I smoke I get that sudden desperation spike that you're writing about. So I always end up squirming when I smoke :p

}}

Thanks for reading, glad you enjoyed, I've never posted any photos online before, but felt compelled to share this, may do so again if the situation presents itself! ^_^

I have the same problem with smoking as I have to go outside (live in a flat, the landlady is a bitch) so I often end up "dancing" whilst smoking, willing to bet it looks sexier when you do it tho! lol

