Birthday fun

Author: Soulbringer

*000*2014-10-30 09:45

So I have recently talked to my wife about omo. She seemed ok with idea and suggested that on her Birthday we would try. Names will be changed for obvious reasons ;). Here's how it went last night.

At the start of the day we discussed what we were going to do that night. We has decided that wetting was on the cards but I didn't want to be selfish and I asked is there anything she wanted. She suggested a couple of things like spanking and anal. That was me spanking her (both bum and fanny) and anal for both of us. I agreed as I would do anything to please her and she me.

Anne went shopping while I got the kids ready for their sleepovers at the grandparents. I had a few drinks of water and I was feeling a little desperate. Once the kids were away I set about getting ready. I pottered around the house cleaning and gathering my clothes for that night. I trimmed my pubic hair and ran the shower. The sound of the water made my bladder twinge and a little pee dribbled down my leg. I grab myself to stop the flow but I was beyond saving. Pee ran through my fingers, down my legs and into my jeans and boxers. This was not intended to happen, but the thoughts of tonight were obviously very prominent in my mind. I cleaned up the mess and put the wet clothes into the wash. Usually I would have enjoyed myself but I wanted to save it for tonight.

Showered shaved and dressed I was ready to go.

Anne arrived home with her new outfit.

"Hi hunny" she said and gave me a hug."I'm just going to shower and get ready" and off she went for the next hour.

When she had finished she looked gorgeous. She was wearing a dark red skirt with a dark coloured top and black leggings.

I popped open a bottle of prosseco and toasted her birthday.

"So what's the plan for tonight" she asked

"First dinner, the pub for a few drinks" I replied "oh and you can't go to the toilet from now until we get home, if I let you that is" I said with a wink

"Oh" she started. "I've never know you to be dominant before, I like it"

Off we went to dinner, we had curry and they were hot. Anne drank about half a jug of water and half a bottle of sparkling wine.

We finished dinner and walked to the pub. I couldn't tell yet if she needed to pee, she is very good at hiding it.

We got to the pub and she ordered a wine, I had a rum and coke. We drank those pretty quickly as we had booked a taxi in 30 minutes. Next Anne wanted a cocktail, a strawberry daiquiri, I complied with her requests.

"There you go hun" I said handing her the cocktail

She took a sip and I saw her body shudder.

"Ok, that might not have been a good idea" she said looking up at me " I really need to go now"

The taxi was due in 10 minutes, I told her this and asked if she was able to hold on.

Anne nodded her head slowly and sipped at her cocktail.

I watched as each sip brought a squirm or shudder. I could feel myself getting turned on.

In no time the taxi arrived and we were homeward bound.

I paid the taxi and ushered Anne into the house.

"Oh Dave, I really need to go" she begged, her hands pressed firmly between her legs.

"Not yet hun" I smiled "first we need to get changed"

I didn't want her wetting her new outfit.

She stripped there and then in the hall and put her blue panties on. We had agreed that if a wetting was going to happen it would be in those.

She started up the stairs and I followed, grabbing some towels on the way, just in case.

When I got upstairs Anne was kneeling on the bed with just her blue panties on.

I went over to her and placed the towels on the bed.

She looked at me and said "here?"

"Just in case you don't make it" I said.

"They won't hold it" she stated.

I knew she was right but I really didn't want it to happen in the bathroom. I then remembered that we had disposable waterproof sheets from my daughters potty training era.

I grabbed them and lay them down with the towels on top.

"If we do get the bed wet, don't worry, we need to change the sheets anyway. And these should protect the mattress" I reassured her.

"If you're sure" she said

I started by kissing her, slowly lowering her to the bed. I moved down her neck and gently squeezed her breasts. Anne groaned slightly as my weight shifted on to her. I moved down further and pulled her panties to the side.

"You must not pee while I'm down here" I said firmly

"Mhm" was all I got from her.

I ran my tongue slowly around her clit. She let out a louder groan. My finger slowly pushed into her wetness. My tongue picking up speed.

"Stop!!" She cried out.

I pulled back, removing my tongue and finger from her. I could she her face straining to hold her pee in.

It began to relax as she regained control.

"Spank me?" She asked

I told her to get on her knees.

I rubbed my penis up and down her ass. I was still wearing my boxers. I gently slapped her right cheek. She groaned. I continued to spank her ass when I suddenly moved my other hand down to her bladder I squeezed and slapped her fanny at the same time. Her whole body shuddered.

"You bastard" she said.." oh I'm so wet, but I don't know what from"

She was panting. I knew she was close.

"Fuck me!!" She demanded.

I pulled her panties to the side and saw her glistening pussy. I slipped my cock out of my boxers and pushed it into her ass. She screamed.

"Oh god! You fucker" but with all her protests she still had not moved or shown me in anyway that she wasn't enjoying it.

I slowly moved in and out. Slapping her ass a with each thrust.

"Ohhhh I need to pee" she groaned.

"Do you want me to pee?" She asked.

I pushed myself in deep. My balls positioned against her damp panties.

"Pee for me" I whispered.

She froze.

Nothing happened.

I waited. Feeling her body trying to release.

Still nothing.

"I don't think I can" she said apologetically

"It's just not the right position" I said.

I took my penis out of her ass and I lay down on the bed and put it back into my boxers.

"Sit on me and we'll try it that way" I suggested

She fixed her panties, which looked very damp already, and sat squarely on my crotch.

We stayed like that for about 2 minutes. I was running my fingers over her body, sending shivers cascading through her.

She groaned.

I felt warmth. It started slowly and then began to spread. I felt her pee soak into my boxers. It began to run down my balls and pool at my ass. She pushed and my saturated boxers could no longer direct it. Pee flowed over my belly and legs. She began to grind. Rubbing faster and faster. She stopped and more pee flowed out. I was almost screaming at this stage. Hot pee flowing over my body. Anne groaning and grinding. I was about to cum when she got up onto one knee, I saw her soaked panties positioned above my crotch. She was panting, her eyes closed with concentration.

I saw the wet glistening of pee fill her panties once again as it ran on to my soaked boxers. After the last drop hit my body she open her eyes, looked down and grabbed my cock. Her other hand pulled my boxers to the side and she rammed her fingers up my ass. I screamed, loudly. She was furiously rubbing my cock while fucking my ass. She had this almost possessed look on her face. I couldn't hold myself any longer. I began to orgasm. My cum shooting up over her body.

In the end she collapsed on top of me and we lay there. Soaked in pee and cum.

I asked if it was ok. If she was ok. She simply replied

"We'll be doing that again"

*004*2014-10-30 17:39

{{ 

I have long fanaticized about a woman peeing on my crotch. Sounds like you both had a great time. In addition she wants do it again. Thanks for sharing.

}}

To be honest I didn't know what to expect. I've wet myself but this was completely different. I think next time she wants me to pee at the same time so I'll have to plan in advance for that.

*008*2014-10-30 22:33

{{ 

You lucky son of a..... My wife won't even try it.

}}

It took a bit of persuading but once she tried it she loves it.

She had concerns but we just talked through them. Plus she gets to do what she wants in return :)

*010*2014-11-01 13:47

{{ 

Wow you lucky man this sounds amazing and given your wife loved it sound like lots more fun to come in future

}}

Yeah we were talking earlier and she can't wait to try it again.

