Good old times

Author: Zenya

*000*2015-03-09 14:01

Yesterday I was asked for a story from my past, and I ended up putting so much detail into it that I thought I'd post it here as well.

Alright, so my very last girlfriend kiiiiiiind of had a thing going for omo as well (at least that's my theory, never really got it confirmed)

She would keep making up excuses for not going to the bathroom, and she actually once ended up wetting my bed.

Anyway, so this one time she'd been holding for hours because of a long train ride and the toilet was out of order. She said she was fine, but she was a bit fidgety and kept shifting her legs.

When we were almost there, she was squirming a bit when she thought I wasn't looking. So I asked again, she still insisted that she was fine. So then I said "Then why don't we see who can go the longest?" She turned her head and looked at me with a naughty sparkle in her eyes and said "Alright, sure!"

We then agreed that none of us would use the bathroom when we got home and instead have a bottle of water each. I also had to pee a bit, but not badly at all. I didn't drink a lot before that, so I figured I would be fine.

As for the reward, the loser would have to eat the winner out. But the catch was that the winner wasn't allowed to go pee first. And if any drop was spilled during the oral session, it was over. (Her idea)

So when we got home, we both got ourselves a bottle of water and settled ourselves on my bed playing chess. She was very fidgety by now and I was also starting to squirm quite a bit!

Half an hour passed and we were both holding with both hands and red faces. She was rubbing herself and pressing down hard on her pee hole to try and keep the flow at bay. I was pretty much grinding on my heel and holding myself tightly.

Then after what seemed like a month, she finally started leaking. I told her to spread out her legs so I could see the damage, but once she did so, the dam broke. She let out a few giant spurts before it turned into a stream and formed a huge puddle under her butt.

I was proclaimed the winner and we got started with our wet fun. Though it wasn't long until I also couldn't take it anymore and pee went everywhere! So we went into the shower and carried on

That's pretty much the story. Hope you enjoyed!

*003*2015-03-09 21:10

Hehe, she wasn't the only one who liked it though!

