Shorts Wetting Day

Author: seedsbarret

*000*2014-03-16 01:34

Hey everyone, I was going to have a bit of a wetting day to see what it would be like to re-wet denim shorts throughout the day so I know for when I was preparing to do it either in a sort of public place or on the beach or whatever so I thought I would give it a go today :P this is how it went haha. I added a little bit of info to my memos on my phone whenever something happened and then used it to help me write up what happened :)

I woke up about 8:30 and needed to pee. I hate my morning pee as it smells too much so I went to the toilet had a shower and got dressed into my bikini bottoms, denim shorts, and little black ballet flat shoes. By 9am I had already drank 2 large cups of tea.

Litterally by about 10am the tea was already starting to fill me up nicely. I had drank a glass of water about 9:30am as well :) haha.

By 10:30am I already had leaked a bit into my shorts :P it felt so nice the wet bikini bottoms clingling gently to my little wet pussy. A small wet patch showed on the tight demin shorts :)

By 10:40 I was pretty much peeing my self. I went outside to get the mail and as I squatted down to the mail box I just burst and pissed uncontrollably through my shorts all over the floor. Unfortunatly my little feet never got wet :(

By 10:45am I was sat inside with a glass of coke and a cup of tea ready to drink haha I decided to watch tv for a while and by 11:30am my shorts were already drying out and I had drank my coke my tea and a little glass of water. So much drinking! hehe

By 12pm I was filling really badly again ;) All the fluids were flooding through me and filling my poor bladder which had already been stretched once. By 12:45 I was almost peeing :O I was doing anything to hold it. At 12:50 I get my first leak into my nearly dry shorts and bikini bottoms while washing up some cups. I feel the wetness spread but I grab my self and stop the flow. I ignored it and carried on washing up but then at about 12:55 I suddenly burst into my shorts, pee flooding down my legs and filling my little ballet flats and soaking my gorgeous little feet and toes. I make a cup of tea while splashing around in my pissy shoes and make a quick sandwhich and sit and eat lunch and drink my tea. After lunch I played on the computer for a while just sitting in my wet shorts and shoes. I kept playing with my shoes wiggling them on and off my feet so I could see my wet soles and toes hehe. By 2pm I was still on the computer and had drank 2 cans of lemonade as well :D

By 2:30 I had drank a cup of tea as well haha. I was filling up fast. At 3pm I decided to wash the car. I was litterally bursting already so knew I wouldnt be able to hold out long. My little shorts were only damp now and my bikini bottoms were a little wet but not too bad. As I was washing the car I was still wearing my pissy ballet flats but they had pretty much dried out by now.

At about 3:10 I suddenly lost control again this time with almost no warning or pre-leaks, It just came flooding out and soaked my shorts and filled my flats with warm pee again soaking my pretty feet and toes :P it felt amazing.

It took me till about 3:45 to finish washing the car so I was splashing around bare foot in my pissy flats for 35 minutes outside :P it felt so nice but they got a little cold :( poor little feet.

By 4 I had finished cleaning up outside and putting stuff away my poor pissy feet all cold :( so I went inside.

I sat on the computer and played games for about 45 minutes with my little shoes off and my bare feet tucked under my wet bum to warm them up :P hehe. I drank another can of lemonade while playing.

At 5 I decided to go watch tv sat on a towel and with my little flats back on my bare feet now. I had my feet up on a leather chair and was just playing with my shoes dangling them off my little wet toes just admiring how yummy they looked haha. I had drank another glass of water and had some tea now :) which I at at 5.

Drank another glass of water from 5 to 5:15 drank sooo much tbf over the day. My poor bladder was starting to get achey again at this point and by 5:20pm I felt a spurt escape into my shorts. I was really going to force my self to hold this time to see how long I could last from spurt to wetting.

5:23pm and another little leak escaped. Ohh nooo!

5:25pm suddenly a large spurt leaked out. I shoved my one had down my shorts and bikini bottoms and grabbed my soaking little pussy tightly to stop the flow. I manage to pretty much plug my pee hole with my little pinky to stop the flow for a while. I then sat on the heel of my foot for a while to help as well. I suddenly just started leaking uncontrollably no matter what I did at 5:35pm I grabbed my self, I crossed my legs, I sat hard on my heel but all that happened was I got a wet hand and foot so I stood up and just flooded my self as I quicky slipped my wet foot back into my shoe. I filled my shoes with pee AGAIN!! hehehe.

I sat back down and just carried on watching tv till 6pm with soaked little feet just wiggling my toes and wanting to lick them clean sooooo much.

By 6:30 I had drank another 2 glasses of water to keep up my fluid intake hehe. My shorts felt sooo nice and my little bikini bottoms were so soft and wet.

6:45 im sat drinking a nice warm cup of tea slowly because its so much to drink.

By 7pm im really filling again! I am amazed at how much I managed to drink during this day so far tbf.

At 7:15pm it was getting stupidly hard to hold on much longer I was having to hold my self with my hand down my bikini bottoms again haha. I manage to change from my pissy flats into a pair of converse, Gently sliding my pee soaked feet into the converse while holding my bursting pussy was sooo hard.

It took me like 5 minutes to get my converse on because I was squirming sooo much. I leave the house to go for a nice walk. Litterally 5 minutes after I left I just totally burst into my shorts for the 5th time!!! the pee flooded down my sexy bare legs and just flooded my converse with warm pee :D it felt amazing squshing back home with my beautiful feet all tucked away bare foot and pissy on my converse.

I got home about 7:40 after walking for like 15 minutes with spuishy pissy converse on. I made another cup of tea and grabbed a can of lemonade again haha.

I then went to just watch tv. I take my pee soaked converse off and put my pissy feet back into my damp ballet flats that are all cold. They soon warm up though. I sat and watched tv with my cup of tea and lemonade.

At 8pm I went and grabbed a nice big glass of wine. Nothing helps to fill me up quicker than a little bit of alcohol. By 8:30 im already struggling again as my poor bladder and pussy are worn out from a whole day or torture. By 8:45 my cute little feet have pretty much dried but I had leaked into my shorts. The time I was just not that bothered so I basically sat and just leaked for about 20 minutes. At about 9:10 I decided to stop the leaking. I put my hands down my bikini bottoms again and squeeze tightly plugging my little pee hole and making my poor bladder ache even more :P I managed to change into my converse again sliding my near enough dry bare feet into a pee filled pair of wet cold shoes was sooo hard but they needed warming up.

I shuffled outside into my back garden and just totally exploded into my shorts for the 6th time of the day :D omg it felt like heaven. I just stood and peed for near enough a whole minute. It felt sooo damn good. When I was done wetting I went back inside again and sat and watched tv. I took my converse off and poured the pee out of them into my little flats and slid my feet into my flats. I watched tv till about 10pm and by then my shorts were just damp not wet and my flats had drained as I was sat with my feet up. By 10:15pm my feet were almost dry tbf. I took my flats off and just massaged my gorgeous pissy feet and licked and worshipped them.I spent like 15 minutes just licking my beautiful pissy feet clean and massaging them and kissing them. I felt sooo good and naughty.

Then about 10:30 I got naughty. I just lay back on the leather sofa on my towel and put my hands down my wet shorts. I massaged my poor worn out pussy and just played with my wet pissy clit for about 15 minutes until I had such an explosive orgasm. I tried to stand up and walk to the bathroom to pee again but my legs were like jelly. I just had to lay there and piss my self uncontrollable through my shorts and all over the floor in front of the sofa. I stood up bare foot in the big pee puddle after I had calmed down and regained my strength and went upstairs for a nice warm bath. I just lay in the bath pampering my beautiful feet and little worn out pussy. It felt so nicee.

After my bath I got into my bed totally naked letting my little pussy just get some nice warm fresh air and letting my sexy feet cool down and relax after such a wet day. I am lay in bed now totally naked just typing this and occasionally very gently tickling my soft smooth little clean pussy and gently stroking my feet against each other feeling how soft they are. I will do the cleaning up tomorow :D haha

Seeds

