First public accident

Author: Technostar

*000*2015-05-19 15:14

I pissed my pants this weekend. In public. It was my first real accident.

Me and my friends went clubbing last saturday. We had a lot of fun. We hung out at a friends house, the next morning. I have to say, that if I take drugs, my bladder gets weaker and sometimes I forgot to go to the bathroom. I realise it first, when I'm near an accident. At about 11 a.m. I said goodbye and started walking home. On my way it hits me. I don't know how to describe it better, but from zero to hundred I needed to pee fucking bad. I started sweating. Some spurts escaped, but I could stop it. My jeans were still dry, but I could feel the wetness between my legs. Which make it even worse. I had to grab my crotch. I consider my situation. I still have to walk 10 minutes and there are people around me. I couldn't just piss in a corner. And I know I wouldn't make it home dry.

I needed to pee this bad maybe two or three times and always on purpose and in an controlled enviroment. I was overwhelmed, because the pressure gets even worse. But then, I got an Idea. There was a park nearby. There were bushes where I can release myself. But I still had to walk a little. I proceed my journey. Walking hurts and some more spurts escaped. I couldn't walk fast. I saw the first trees. Some people sat there. I was in panic, the last thing was to wet myself in public. But now I had to walk over a meadow to the next group of trees. On my way, I lost control. Drops came out, I grab my crotch.

Few seconds later the drops became a stream. I coudn't stop it. I stand on a meadow compleatly visibel for people, wetting myself. My left leg gets soaken and the wetness spread up my ass. I gave up and let it all out. I stand there for about two minutes, still wetting. It was like a state of trance. When the stream stopped, I "woke" up. And realised where I am. The emberessment hits me. I felt so humiliated. And i walked to the trees, who first were my destination. I looked at my mess. My jeans were soaken. On the one side I felt so emberessed, but on the other side I got really excited. Fortunately I got a jacket which I tie around me. Then I start walking home and played with myself. I was so horny.

Now I will ever take a diaper with me while clubbing. As I said, I'm often in desperate situations, where a diaper would help. I hope this story is not to difficult to read. Sorry for my bad english. It's not my mother tongue

