The every-second-day game

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-16 13:09

I met her in a pub later after midnight (we don't have any closing times for pubs here, just licenses for more or less hours and a minimum cleaning time every 24 hrs). She was there from not really a little suburb, but a very little industrialized village near my hometown. She was in that pub with her drunken husband and a few of his buddies. And when we changed the pub some hours later (together), the guys had to take a piss on the dark street and she moaned to hurry up, as she also needed the loo urgently.

Minutes later we arrived in the other pub. Her husband fell asleep immediately and I was fascinated, how she ordered some beer and waited for the first cheers. I kissed her openly and nobody of her husband's friends showed angry. After drinking from her beer, she left for the toilet. She had already real bladder pain, was already visibly nervous and asked me where the bathrooms could be. I went with her and held her tight before our ways parted to Ladies and Gents. I kissed her and pressed her bursting bladder onto my belly. I also pressed out my belly to make it rockhard and she moaned as I nearly crushed her absolutely bursting and rockhard bladder...!

Later, when she came back out of the Ladies, I gave her my phone number and she told me to be careful as her husband would be very jealous and also very aggressive, so she did not give me her number, but took mine...

Then I got phone calls on my answering machine at home (I did not give her my mobile number...) nearly every day. But I could not be at home her time, as I worked up to 15+ hrs those days, while she tried to reach me when her husband was away to work...

Once I got a call on Saturday, but it was not her, but another woman, a friend of the family. She made a date and gave me the number of that strong bladdered girl I had kissed in the pub.

When I called her, she was terrified as her husband by re-dialing had found out, that she tried to phone my number. He then had asked a friend to phone me and she then had given me her number – according to his planning...

The strong bladdered woman later told me, that her husband had spanked her for these tries to reach me, as he spanked her often, when jealous...

So we met a few days later at her daughter's home in a quarter over the big river of my hometown.

That day we met near noon and she had not peed all day, as she told me not even did her morning pee. We had lunch with her daughter and later drove away to find some nice places in my hometown. We had some drinks and she did not go pee all day and evening. Just past midnight and after a few beers she disappeared a very few minutes before we drove to my home.

And this sexy woman told me, that her mother trained her bladder, when she was old enough – and she played a game with her mother when she was adult:

They both did just every second day did relieve their bladders and then also flushed their kidneys to stay healthy – and the other days they did not pee, no matter how hard this got! They drank a normal amount of at least 2 litres those holding days. Just alcohol was able to bring the schedule to a breakdown a very few times... And she told me, that she and her mother laughed about all the other weak bladdered people, who peed every day – and even more than twice a day...!

Near my home we bought 2 bottles of Champagne and drank it before we had some fun. Her bladder was absolutely rockhard and later she slept without any pee till the morning.

When I woke her up by feeling her by now visibly prominent bladder, she sat up in a reflex, sat on the edge of the bed, her sporty and muscular (but very female) sexy thighs tensed to extreme and were rockhard. She asked for the bathroom and I first denied to tell her, but she was in such a strain now, that I decided it would be better to tell her – not to let her wet my carpet at the end. She sat there extremely tensed and in a sudden shot out of the room like a rocket, and reached the bathroom just in time... She after some dribble and spurts peed full force like a racehorse and many many minutes.

She had not peed from the evening before we met and after midnight just had let some drops go, to be able to drive to my home after the beers had nearly driven her crazy. To refill this little amount she drank one bottle of Champagne later...

So I calculated e.g. 5 or 6 pm – let's say 5:30 pm to the day after the next day at 10:30 am = 48 hours - 5 hours = about 43 hours...!

Later that morning she went back to her husband, who – as she told me before going – would beat her up for the night out of home...

Unfortunately that girl was a racist – and even as being a white man myself, I definitely don't like any racism. So I did not meet her again. In some of the little villages there are still some people into racism, as they have their own old-fogyish social life there. We lived in totally different worlds – and she just fascinated me by her extremely strong bladder and by her sporty sexy body. Specially her legs were good trained – I think at least partly by her regular and extreme pee holdings, when she tensed her thighs to extreme for many hours without any break.

I would like a woman like her, but intelligent and more sexy, able to walk properly on 5" or even 6" heels (no platforms please). And I would like to tell her when I want her to go pee and when she would have to hold it. Hopefully she would never go without my permission, not even when she comes home very late and she had some extra drinks on a hot day – or many extra drinks to make me hot for the night.

I would like to drive her to train her bladder, to cope with 2 or even 2.5 liters all day long, hold it in her really tight jeans. Or to wear a strong training corset, to hide her in this state visibly bulging bladder all day and all night, when out for clubbing...

You may already know the key aspects of my fancy from my older stories...

