Office desperation sightings (female) - Page 2

Author: Despguy123

*026*2015-03-07 22:26

A couple of weeks ago I represented the company at a careers event, joined by three women from HR - Michelle (a cute, curvy blonde woman in her early 30s), Sarah (attractive blonde in her late 30s) and Lisa (a slim, attractive brunette in her mid 20s). I got a lift to the event with Michelle and Sarah, and it took around 3 hours in the car to get there. I noticed that Sarah was sipping from a can of coke during the journey, and after we finally found the car park and a space to park, she said 'Right, my first stop needs to be the Ladies', probably wasn't the best idea to drink a whole can of coke during a long journey!'. Michelle laughed and said 'Good idea, that cup of coffee I had this morning has gone right through me'.

Both of them seemed quite tense and breathless as we quickly walked the short distance to the building where the event was taking place, but apart from the occasional crossing of legs while waiting to cross the road, they were not showing any obvious signs of being desperate. We had arrived early and our careers stand had not yet been set up, so we decided to go to a cafe across the road for a drink. As soon as we went inside, both women were looking around for the loos, but they weren't anywhere to be seen. 

'Oh god where's the loo?' Sarah whispered, bobbing up and down slightly, and Michelle just shrugged. 'Let's get some drinks and ask' she said. We queued up to buy drinks, and Michelle stood with her legs very tightly crossed, and Sarah was fidgeting around slightly, biting her lip. We ordered our drinks, and after she paid, Sarah asked where we could find the loos. The cashier pointed us in the right direction, and as we walked to a table, both women quicky put down their bags and hurried off to the loo, coming back a couple of minutes later looking very relieved.

Lisa then joined us and ordered a large coffee to go, before we headed out to the stand. The rest of the day was fairly uneventful, Sarah left to go and deliver a presentation leaving the three of us on the stand, and then I went for my lunch break leaving Lisa and Michelle. As I left for lunch, I realised that Lisa had not yet been for a loo break, and would not have chance to go until I got back from lunch as she was not allowed to leave Michelle on her own. We'd been on the stand around 4 hours by this time, and she had finished her large cup of coffee as well as about half a large bottle of water.

For the past hour Lisa had been getting more and more fidgety, crossing and uncrossing her legs and bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet while talking to people visiting the stand, and was clearly starting to get desperate. I took 30 mins for lunch, and when I got back Lisa was standing talking to someone. Straight away I could tell she was dying for a pee. She was constantly fidgeting around, crossing her legs and squeezing her thighs together, uncrossing them and dancing from foot to foot before crossing them back the other way, looking very red faced. 

Unfortunately for her, the girl she was talking to had lots of questions, keeping Lisa from rushing off to the loo. After a few more minutes of Lisa fidgeting and standing with her legs very tightly crossed, the girl finally left. Lisa immediately turned to me, her cheeks flushed, biting her lip. 'Do you know where the loos are?' she asked breathlessly, bending forwards and crossing her legs. I pointed her in the right direction. 'Thanks, I'm bursting!' she said before hurrying off. She came back a bit later looking much more relieved!

*029*2015-03-16 20:44

I had just got on the bus home the other day when I overheard a cute curvy blonde girl sat just in front of me on the other side of the aisle say to her friend 'Ooh I wish I'd gone for a wee before we left the office', squeezing her thighs together. Her friend laughed and asked her if she was going to be OK. 'Yeah I'll just have to hang on until we get into town' the blonde girl said, biting her lip. As the journey went on, she got more and more fidgety and red faced, squirming around in her seat and bouncing her legs.

After about 45 minutes, by which point she could barely sit still at all, she got up out of her seat to wait at the front of the bus. She crossed her legs tightly and bent forwards, very red-faced, jiggling slightly as the bus pulled into her stop. As soon as the door opened she hurried off down the street. She usually gets off a bit later when the bus gets into the city centre, but this time she clearly couldn't hang on and was forced to go home and pee before joining her friend later on.

The other week, I was chatting to the receptionist (a cute curvy woman in her mid 20s) at the end of the day just before I left the office. I mentioned that I better go to the loo as I had a long bus journey home, and she laughed and said 'That reminds me, I needed the loo earlier and had to leave reception unattended because nobody was answering the phone'. I laughed and said 'That's really bad!'. She continued. 'I know, but I'd been waiting for ages, I was bursting!'. I wonder how many times this must happen to receptionists who are not allowed to leave the desk unmanned!

*031*2015-04-07 19:12

It's been a bit slow for sightings recently, either there's not much desperation going on or I'm not looking hard enough! Here are a couple of recent ones:

A gorgeous blonde girl, early 20s, wearing a tight black skirt and black tights, was walking round the office with no shoes on because the heel had broken off one of her shoes. She was sat at her desk for a while before she went over to a woman sat just across from me. She asked her if she had a spare pair of shoes, which of course she didn't, and they started chatting. As they spoke I noticed the blonde girl was very fidgety, shifting from foot to foot, occasionally crossing her legs tightly, and she was quite red in the face. I thought it might have been embarassment about having to walk round with no shoes on, but then I heard her say 'I really need a wee but I don't want to go in without shoes on'. As she said this she crossed her legs tightly and bent forwards slightly, an embarassed smile on her face, She squirmed around for a couple more minutes before hurrying off the loos, still shoeless, obviously too desperate to wait any longer.

While on the bus home, we were waiting for ages at traffic lights in the city centre, next to a long queue of people waiting for one of the public buses. Near the back of the queue there was a group of university students, and straight away I noticed that one of them, an attractive mixed race girl wearing a cute dress and black tights, looked absolutely desperate for a pee. She was stood with her arms folded and her legs very tightly crossed, her feet quite far apart, really squeezing her thighs together.

Every so often she would uncross them before quickly recrossing them the other way, and although she was chatting with her friend she kept looking down the road for the bus, an anxious look on her face. At one point she looked down the road, then bobbed on the spot and stamped her foot in frustration, before crossing her legs again. Unfortunately the lights changed soon afterwards so I didn't get to watch her for much longer, but I wonder if she ended up holding on for the bus ride home, or gave in and went for a pee in the public toilets in the nearby shopping centre.

*032*2015-07-13 20:27

A few recent ones:

I was sitting waiting for an attractive, curvy woman in her 30s who I’d arranged a meeting with, when eventually she turned up a few minutes late. She looked quite flustered and rosy-cheeked, and as soon as she saw me she smiled and walked over, putting down her notepad and a large bottle of water, which was nearly empty. ‘Sorry I’m a bit late, my last meeting overran. Could you give me just two minutes?’ She said breathlessly in her lovely Welsh accent, crossing her legs tightly.

I nodded and said yes of course, before she continued. ‘Thanks, I’m absolutely busting for the loo’ she said smiling, did a slight curtsey then hurried off towards the ladies loos. She came back a couple of minutes later, still rosy cheeked but looking much more relaxed. ‘Sorry about that, I’ve been stuck in back to back meetings all afternoon!’ she said smiling, before we started the meeting. If I’d been a bit braver I might have tried to delay her a bit longer, but as she is quite senior within the company I didn’t dare!

While waiting for a bus during evening rush hour, there were two women in front of me having a conversation, and I noticed one of them could hardly stand still. She was in her mid 30s, curvy and fairly attractive, wearing tight jeans. She would stand with one knee crossed in front of the other, occasionally shifting her weight and crossing over the other knee, and seemed to be trying to squeeze her thighs together. Every so often, she would cross her legs tightly, really squeezing her thighs together, bobbing up and down slightly, all the time looking down the road at the endless line of cars with no bus in sight.

She kept us this discreet fidgeting and thigh squeezing for a good ten minutes, and there was still no sign of the bus which should had arrived 5 minutes before. Even though there was a lot of noise due to the traffic, at one point I overheard her say to the other woman that she was ‘dying for a wee’ and wished the bus would hurry up. The other woman looked concerned, and pointed towards the nearby McDonalds suggesting that she run in and use the loo, but a few seconds later the bus came into view. As the bus got close, she took one step forward, crossing her legs very tightly as she did so, holding that pose until the bus pulled up to the stop. Unfortunately it wasn’t the same bus I wanted, but I’m sure she had a very long and desperate journey through the rush hour traffic before she was able to get to a loo.

In one of the offices I work in, there are toilets in single cubicles with a sink, handryer etc. inside each one. On one floor there is one men’s toilet and two women’s, then on the next floor up, there are two women’s toilets and one men’s, then it alternates as you go up each floor. Even though the toilet cubicles are separate, you can sometimes still hear the person in the toilet next to you peeing if it is a particular loud stream! The other day I was walking down the corridor towards the toilets, and I was on a floor with one men’s toilet and two women’s toilets.

As I walked towards them, a slim, attractive blonde woman in her 20s came hurrying down the corridor from the other end looking very frantic and red-faced. She got to one of the women’s toilets just as I got to the men’s, and she pushed against the door only to find it locked. ‘Ooh, locked’ she said quietly, flashing me an embarrassed smile and bobbing on the spot before hurrying into the one next to it which luckily for her, was open. I walked into the men’s toilet which was the next one along, and as I was locking the door I heard a very loud, long pee stream from the toilet next door. She was going for ages, and was clearly bursting as she had wasted no time at all tearing down her suit trousers and sitting on the loo!

One final one, more of a ‘hearing’ than a sighting. The other day I was washing my hands in the same cubicle as the above sighting, when I heard a door slam open, the sound of hurried footsteps and a quiet ‘ohhhh God’ as the toilet door next to me opened and locked with a bang, followed almost immediately by a rustle of clothing and then a long, hissing stream of piss then went on for a while, before fading to a quiet tinkle that lasted ages as well. She was probably going for close to a minute before I heard her sigh with relief. She washed her hands quickly and left, and then I heard her talking to a guy in the corridor outside. He laughed and said something about her looking flustered, and asked her ‘Are you OK now?’ She laughed and said ‘Yes, God I needed that!’ Wish I’d seen what she looked like, would have made it so much better!

*043*2016-07-21 17:49

Recently I went on a training course with some colleagues. The day started with lots of coffee as it was an early start, followed by about an hour of presentations, followed by an icebreaker exercise. Just as we stood up for the icebreaker (we had to go around shaking hands with people, very boring) a woman in her late 20s, looking quite flustered and red faced, said to the trainer that she would be back in a sec as she really needed to go to the toilet! The trainer laughed and joked with her that she just wanted to avoid the icebreaker, but she replied that she was desperate and couldn't wait, and did a cute little jiggle before hurrying out the room, returning a couple of minutes later.

A few days ago, I was sat at my desk when I saw an attractive blonde woman in her 30s leave a meeting room and walk very quickly and tensely towards the toilets down the corridor. She was wearing very tight light coloured trousers and high heels, and after a couple of steps she rested both hands on her bladder. I used to work with her so I said Hi to her as she walked past, her hands still resting on the crotch of her trousers. It looked like she was dying to reach down and hold herself between her legs. She smiled at me and whispered 'need a pee!', sucking in air through her teeth. She hurried to the toilets, reappearing a couple of minutes later looking very relieved.

Another short sighting on the same day as above. A curvy attractive woman had been sat on back to back conference calls for about 2 hours, and was starting to fidget and squirm around in her seat. There was a large empty coffee mug on her desk and it was clear she was bursting to have a wee. When her last call finally ended, she threw down her headset and stood up, blowing air through her lips. She leaned over her desk to unplug her laptop, doing a little pee dance and jiggling. She saw me looking and said 'I'm dying for the loo but I'm late for a meeting!'. She hurried off, carrying her laptop, passing the ladies toilets but walking straight past.

About half an hour later, I heard her heels clicking down the corridor, and she came back to her desk looking more flustered and red cheeked than ever. 'Thank god, I can go to the loo now!' She said laughing, putting her laptop down. She did a little bob on the spot before walking very quickly towards the loos, smoothing down her skirt as she went.

*046*2016-07-24 11:50

3 more, these first 2 involve a cute Chinese colleague who I mentioned in an earlier post in this thread. She was slim and very attractive, in her mid 20s and would usually wear tight fitting shirts and skinny jeans for work. She was very outgoing and a bit quirky, and used to dye her hair crazy colours just for fun.

I remember one morning we were running through some tests involving multiple computer terminals. I had to read out instructions while she moved around the room moving from computer to computer. After a couple of hours I noticed her getting fidgety, and crossing her legs tightly when standing still. She had finished her big mug of coffee ages ago so was probably getting quite desperate for a wee. At one point, she had to stand at a terminal and enter a long list of data which took about 10 minutes. She started bouncing one leg, before crossing it tightly over the other and bobbing a little on the spot, squeezing her crossed legs together.

'Ooh I'm going to need to go for a wee wee soon!' she said laughing. When she had finally finished putting in the data, she turned to look at me, shifting from foot to foot. 'Can we have a break so I can go for a wee?' She said with a grin, doing a little pee dance and squeezing her thighs together to show how badly she needed to go. I couldn't really say no, especially as she did look genuinely bursting, so I said we'd break for 10 minutes and she hurried off to the loo.

Similar to the sighting above, we were doing some more testing except this time somebody else was running it. The timing was more critical for these set of tests, meaning that we couldn't just take a break whenever we felt like it. We had been going for a couple of hours and had just started a new test phase, when she told us that she wished she had gone to the toilet because she needed a pee but now had to wait. She had to hold on for another 30 minutes or so, and by this time she was jiggling around in her chair and couldn't keep still at all when she was standing up, constantly bobbing on the spot or crossing her legs. Luckily for her, we had got to a point where she had time to to run to the loo quickly. 'Ooh can I go, I'm bursting' she said, doing a cute pee dance, and the person in charge let her. She thanked them and hurried off, coming back looking very relieved, saying 'that's so much better!'.

Last one for now. A tall, attractive blonde woman visiting from the office in Sweden came out of a meeting and walked quickly towards the toilets, only to find them closed for cleaning. She sighed in frustration and went back into the room. About 10 minutes later she appeared again, looking quite red faced and flustered by now, hurrying to the toilets but they were still closed. She sighed again and crossed her legs tightly, folding her arms and watching the door anxiously. After standing like this for a few seconds, she opened it and leaned in, probably asking the cleaner how long she would have to wait. The cleaner must have told her where the other toilets are, because I heard the the blonde woman say 'thank you!'. She did a quick bob on the spot before walking off down the corridor, her heels clicking loudly as she hurried towards the relief of an open toilet!

