I wet my pants in public

Author: Wolf-93

*000*2013-03-12 07:46

Alright, I'm a bit recovered from the shock so it's time to write out my experience.

It all started yesterday, when I was on my way home. I got on the train in the morning and drank a huge can of iced tea. About halfway in my ride I felt I needed a wee. At that very moment I was texting with another member of this site: Ranpalan. I wanted to tease him a bit about my need, so I did. Suddenly my need got a lot worse and I really had a hard time holding it. It was pushing inside me. As I don't like public bathrooms, I kept holding in. During this hold I figured it would be really interesting if I would have an accident in public some day.

I'm more the kind of omorashi fan who likes to watch others (cute, shy boys!) get desperate, but I sometimes try some things myself as well. Besides, another member of this board (Millan) dared me to wet myself in public sometime. So well, anyway. I was sitting there with my legs crossed, thinking I should really wet myself in public someday. And then I did something to not back off again: I asked Ranpalan to join me that night. I would drink 1.5l and see what would happen. I then got home and barely made it to the bathroom, already feeling nervous for the night that would come.

An hour before I would meet Ranpalan I started drinking. I drank a can of Red Bull, a huge glass of water and two shots of alcoholic stuff. I then filled a bottle with water (0.5l) and took a bottle of iced tea (0.5l) with me. On the way to Ranpalan I felt nothing serious, but I could feel it a bit. Probably just the nerves. I drank most of the water then and soon met up with Ranpalan. We walked into town and during that walk I finished my water bottle. I felt the need to pee now, but nothing serious yet. Which surprised me, so I started drinking on the iced tea, which I soon finished as well. We were now at some park and there I threw away my empty bottle of iced tea. 

Alright, still no serious need. We walked around for a bit and Ranpalan asked me at some point how urgent I had to go... Still, nothing serious. So he offered me his water. Silly me, I accepted it. And drank it. The water was freezing and it made me feel a bit sick in my stomach, but I kept drinking till I was done. The water made me feel a bit more uncomfortable and I could feel a need to wee now. Still... nothing serious. And I didn't understand it. 2l in and I wasn't bursting... How then?! We kept walking until Ranpalan said I might want to put my belt a little tighter. Okay then... I put it tighter. And then an overwhelming need to pee struck me. It was the belt! My bladder is massive, but with the belt I had to go a lot worse! Ranpalan suggested I should put it looser again then, but I denied. I didn't want to wait forever. Maybe I would never even have a small accident if I loosened it again! And I wanted an accident right?

We then kept walking and suddenly I had to stop because I saw a car coming. In those two seconds I stood still, my muscles relaxed and a huge spurt of wee got out. I was in total shock and at first I didn't dare to admit it to Ranpalan. I soon started moaning though. And admitted I had spurted. I could feel it clearly and with the cold it soon became uncomfortable. We then walked to a park, where it was really dark. And there I lost another tiny spurt, maybe on purpose, maybe by accident. I'm not sure what happened. I could've held it then, but I was done. I wanted to wet my pants there. But! There were people coming into the park, who were walking their dog. 

Ranpalan was like: 'don't pee now!' so I didn't. I clenched... And held it. I could. We then walked out of the park, but I was uncomfortable. I knew I could hold it, but mentally I was done. I wanted to wee so bad my muscles basically started to flutter. I let another large spurt out and I started panicking seriously. It ran down my leg! We were next to a huge way and there were lights everywhere! People could see me! I spotted some river then and I quickly walked over. Before I could walk over there was a car coming and that was no good. I had to wait. So I stood there, legs crossed, waiting for the car to pass. His headlights on me, and I felt so ashamed. I asked how long till we would be home. And when Ranpalan said it would be about 25 minutes... I mentally gave up.

There I was, clenching my legs together because I couldn't bring up the will-power to hold my wee any longer. When we crossed the road to the river I felt my wee coming out. I came to a halt close to the water and started pacing around... There was another guy with his dog coming then. When the guy passed, my brain couldn't take it anymore. My body could, but I was done. Finished. I wanted to pee, I had to pee. And then it came. At first it trickled out, soon it became spurts and then it came gushing out of me. I cried when the floodgates opened. I was so shocked. I kept asking Ranpalan if it showed on my pants. And even after I release a massive amount of pee already, he said it didn't show. I couldn't believe it, but it didn't show. 

But I could feel it gushing down my legs and pooling in my shoes. I kept peeing and peeing and peeing and soon I got the sign: it showed. Big time. I still couldn't stop peeing, I just kept going. After what seemed five minutes (in real it probably were less) the last drops of pee left my body and I checked the damage. The wetness was everywhere. Especially my bum and the lower part of my pants were soaked. I could feel it everywhere... And then panic struck. That's when Ranpalan should've said something. Not that I blame him for not saying anything comforting, but I needed that at that moment. I felt so bad for not trying to hold it till home. I didn't know what to do. Luckily I had some sweatpants in my bag, so I sat down on the bench which was there and inspected my pants. I asked Ranpalan if it would help if I put the sweats on. We both didn't know, so I put them on. And miraculously, it worked! Nobody could tell I had just soaked my pants.

I walked home with Ranpalan then, feeling embarrassed, naughty and proud at the same time. Finally I did it. And what a relief! But I could've held it maybe if I tried harder, right?! I didn't know what to think or say. Well, I then got home, thank the lord there was no one home! I quickly grabbed my stuff to shower and locked myself in the bathroom. And then it struck me again and I got really upset. I looked down and saw how much I had peed. I really needed some comfort then, but oh well... I undressed and threw all my wet stuff in the washing machine, then hopped in the shower. After the shower I felt like... really weird. Still in shock and all. Well, I then went to bed and I barely slept. I couldn't stop thinking about what happened.

Now, the day after, I'm still a bit embarrassed, but what an experience! Probably, in a week or so, I'll enjoy thinking back to it. But next time I would rather see this happen with a lover. Ranpalan is a great guy, but I would love to be held by the one I love, be comforted,... I'm mostly the dominant, comforting one, but maybe with the right person, I might let this happen again.

*007*2013-03-13 13:51

Well anonymousy1, I kinda feel the same. So no, it's not weird at all if you ask me. :)

To me, this is more than just a fetish as well and the intimacy plays a big role in this all.

Thanks for replying guys!

*010*2013-03-13 18:42

Heh! Ranpalan is the lucky one really. For he could watch this... Hehe. :P

