I completely soak my jeans

Author: medalpoker

*000*2013-10-26 04:21

I'd thought I'd describe my most recent wetting that I just had today.

It all began when I woke up from my nap. I came home from work exhausted and went straight to bed without even using the bathroom. I woke up a few hours later and realized that my parents were out again. I was wearing my blue jean shorts, when suddenly I felt the urge to try a naughty idea! I was not really desperate to go at the time, so I got on my computer to check my e-mail messages and such. 15 minutes later, tired of waiting, and fearing that my parents could return at any time, I started to drink larges glasses of water. I drank about three of those (about 20 ounces each maybe) in about 20 minutes. I then went back to my computer and waitied.

I logged onto Omorashi.org. What better way to think about wetting yourself than actually reading the experiences of others while desperate? It definitely helped the process, and soon I really felt the need to go. But I didn't. I just sat in my chair reading more experiences and leaving comments as I grew more and more desperate.

30 more minutes pass. I was then getting extremely desperate to piss myself. I didn't want to soak the carpet floor so I walked into the bathroom and stood in the tub. I then really felt the piss on the brink of gushing out. I pulled out my phone and as soon as I hit "record" I instantly started wetting my jeans. No desperation, just warm piss soaking my jeans. It was really a close call. I just exploded and pissed for over a minute. I felt a sigh of relief as I felt the warm piss flooding my blue jeans. I felt the piss running down my legs and heard the sound of it splashing against the bottom of the tub. I then stopped the video and proceeded to shower before throwing those shorts into the dirty laundry. :)

When I got out of the shower, the first thing I did was to upload this experience to Omorashi.org. :) I am really considering wetting myself whenever I have the chance now. haha

