My first real experience...

Author: DakotaDriver

*000*2015-08-23 21:18

I've been lurking on this site for about a year now, since I found it during my desperation google-searches. I feel confident enough to post my own story now, since I (sort of) have a feel for the site. I'm pretty sure I'm not violating any rules, but please let me know if I'm doing anything borderline. Apologies for the long text. The events are all true, while I may have embellished the details a bit.

This happened about 5 years ago, when I was about 19. I'm a guy, by the way.

I was over at a friends place for his graduation party. There were about 40 people there, milling about and doing whatever the hell people do at parties. I personally am not very social, and I was actually there just to help run the A/V system. Music is blasting, the dance floor is rumbling, and the alcohol is flowing. I don't drink, then or now.

The party rolled on till about 1AM, when people started to stumble out in various states of inebriation. I packed up the gear and helped the DJ put his stuff back into his van, and was in the process of putting my own mixer table into the back of my pickup when I notice a girl trying to get into her car. She's obviously shitfaced drunk, fumbling with her keys trying to get the door unlocked. She drops the keys and bends over to pick them up, stumbles, and goes down in a tangle. Me being the quintessential Good Samaritan that I am at heart, rush to her aid.

"Woah woah, hold up there girl. Are you okay?" I help her up back on her unsteady feet. She reeks of alcohol, and her speech comes out completely slurred.

"Ay, yeh I'm oook... Jus need too get home..." She stumbles again and brushes her brunette hair back from her face. Here I realize that holy shit, she's a hot one.

"You're not driving. You can barely stand up. Do you want me to call a cab?" After I said that I realized that the local small-town cab company, with a whopping 5 vehicles, shuts up operations at midnight.

"No,no no no.... I'm ookay just... ugh.."

"Look, let me give you a ride. There's no way you're making it home like that." I helped her up and tried to guide her towards my truck. As I unlock the passenger side door she passes out, and sort of flumps over onto my 1980's era bench seat. I feel obligated to do something now, so I check her wallet and find her address. Cool, she's only four blocks from my house. Easy to swing by.

About 5 minutes later I'm roaring down the freeway at the 50mph my truck can handle, when I hear a hissing noise. Fearing a leaky tire (which happens all too much), I stop quickly and pull over, only to realize the hissing is coming from inside the cab. I look over, and SURPRISE! My drunken damsel in distress is wetting in her jeans full force! The wetness starts spreading up her jeans, pooling around her ass and pouring down her legs.

I am, of course, highly turned on knowing that a girl is unknowingly wetting herself only a few feet away. I could care less about the seat, you can't hurt the thing with all the Pepsi in New York, but just... wow! A girl actually wetting herself right in front of me! Suddenly not caring about anything else, I let go and pissed myself as well. The warmth and wetness just felt too damn good... I jack off and blow in my underwear. Then the self consciousness returns: I'm on the side of a freeway, in a beater 1980's Ford, with a drunk piss-soaked girl in the passenger seat and I'm soaked as well. I smash the 5 speed gearbox back into first and tear out, and get to her apartment as fast as possible.

When we get to her apartment, I carry her up the three sets of stairs and work at figuring out which key goes to the door. I'm getting a bit uncomfortable by now, since my legs are cold and my crotch is slimy. I get the door unlocked and carry her into the apartment; she makes a cute little moan and shifts in my arms. I lay her down on the couch and try to figure out what to do.

I dig around in her kitchen and find a notepad and pen. I scribble out a note, describing what transpired along with my name and phone number. I nope out and get back in my truck, piss a little more to try and relieve the cold, and rumble back to my house.

The next day at about 11AM I got a call from her, thanking me for essentially saving her life. She said we should go out for coffee and donuts sometime, so she could meet me face to face (and sober).

I'll post some of my other experiences in this thread later. ;)

