Mom caught me

Author: Bedwettingchik12

*000*2013-11-25 06:07

Many of you don't know much about me. Some things are: I'm 20.. Live with my parents.. Although I enjoy wetting the bed, some times I don't have control over it, but I still purposely do it sometimes.. My parents have NO IDEA of anything related to this, they don't even know I have a bladder problem

So Saturday night I went to bed desperate and purposely just emptied my bladder all over (wearing pajama bottoms) anyway, I had to work this morning so my mom was gonna do laundry for me, I brought down the basket, didn't even think twice about my pajama pants

Until I got home from work, my mom and I were talking and she says "bring down your sheets because obviously you wet those too"

I kept denying it and she kept saying "there were wet pajama pants and they smelt like pee" so embarrassed I started going upstairs and she called me back down

"Kaleigh, shit happens.. Don't worry about it, you're 20. So you had an accident. It happens" she said with a sincere momlike expression.

I didn't even think she'd be alright to know I have accidents.. I have a great mom

*004*2013-11-25 15:48

She was understanding this time but I don't know if I wanna push my luck hahaha

*012*2013-11-26 18:15

{{:

So do you think your mom has any idea that this wasn't just an accident?

}}

Good question! No, the way I handled myself and the constant denial of what happened solidified in her head that it was just an accident

{{:

Yeah, definitely a close call. It's a win/win situation though. You got to drench yourself in bed, and when your mom found out she pretty much blew it off. Next time you can blame it on one too many drinks ;)

}}

Funny thing is.. I'm actually sick (well allergies) and my mom knows I don't feel well, so I almost was gonna wet my bed and blame it on "I had a lot of water for my throat and the sudafed knocked me out so I didn't wake up to pee" that way I get a change of sheets without being suspicious but I feel that would be pushing my luck.

Ironically, when I have genuine accidents, I'm NEVER caught.. After age 13 that is

*014*2013-11-28 08:55

{{:

Total mom reaction, lucky :)

My Mom's known about my issues for my whole life and I still have awkward conversations about it at times... sigh.

}}

That's what I'm hoping to avoid!! I'm wanting more than anything to say "'mom that wasn't a one time accident" but I can't

*018*2013-12-01 07:14

{{:

I love your mom already. :) What kind of allergies do you have?

}}

Just your garden variety pollen and mold stuff. Just had nasal congestion that day

*022*2013-12-03 06:10

{{:

I wet my pants in front of my mom when I was 22.

It wasn't quite in front of her, but it was in the kitchen and I did see her and she did see me.

"I've never seen you pee your pants before!" was pretty much it.

She thought it was just an accident.

My dad came home shortly after as she was looking it up in some medical book.

I had just taken a shower.

He asked what happened and she said "He peed his pants."

He just said if it happens again, see a doctor.

She said, "let's hope it doesn't happen at school."

That was it.

Most people don't think anything of the odd pant or bed wetting.

}}

That's weird your mom was so paranoid she was doing Internet research.

{{:

Yea, I think moms are usually more understanding of the situation than dads. I think they can relate themselves more to you, so they realize the predicament you're in.

Like this one time, I was totally bursting for the toilet and running towards it, my mom just opened the door to go in, but she saw and let me in first as she saw that i needed it more desperately then her. I was so thankful, if it hadn't happened, i would've probably wet myself.

}}

That's sweet of her!

