One of the strangest day of my life !

Author: DlavalD

*000*2012-12-11 13:27

It happened yesterday night and it's still hard for me to believe it :

"Once upon a time in France (lol), it wasn't such a normal day, I had a wet Omo dream about 9am that morning I woke up while I was cumming, felt strange but quite enjoyable except the sticky feeling afterwards, anyway that ain't the point of my story..

I had a cup of tea then a little one of a strong coffee and I went to my first exam of the year, it was quite easy and lasted only one hour and a half.

Then I took the tram back home, I was feeling a beginning of a need to pee but that wasn't bad at all, like a 4 on the desperation scale.

When I got home I started studying for the next exam while having a cup of tea and one or two of Tchaï (Indian spicy tea with milk, really good ! ^^), as my need to pee was increasing I started to felt aroused and finally I took off my jeans to wear a pair of blue shorts that I won't use till next summer (It's really freezing there).

I was getting more and more desperate by the time and finally I ran into my shower and let all my flow out, felt really good !

After came another kind of release *if you know what I mean* and I quickly get desperate to pee again even if I wasn't full at all I wasn't able to hold little spurts if I didn't grab my dick, which isn't easy when you're trying to cook <_<

So I went to the toilets (I know this is BAAAAAD lol) and after eating I wanted to see some people so I took my guitar and was going to a lovely place in my city : it's a kind of hippie tearoom where you can jam all day and night (In another topic I was spoking the "Omo-loneliness", after Omo pleasure I almost always get bad feelings of being lonely dirty perv..).

On the way to get there I saw from far away a man who seems homeless taking a pee on a tree, I didn't mind and as I was getting closer of the tearoom I realize it was always close on Monday so I get back the same way.

At this moment the guy I saw a few times ago on my way to the tearoom came to me and asked me if I knew a place where he can sleep, at first I was showing him the way to a square but he only had a sleeping bag and it was reaaally freezing (fountains are full of ice..) so I told him that I didn't want him to hypothermia and that I can sleep at my flat.

So we started getting back home again, he is a Czech dude and travels alone since October across Europe.

So at home we had a bottle of wine together and a little weed joint, I gave him some food also and at this time he started to look really tired or maybe drunk I don't really know. Then a friend of mine call me, he was in my street so I told him to come at my home. One minute later he was there, we started talking about music and stuff while the Czech guy (let call him Ondrèj) was going to sleep in his sleeping bag on a couch I borrowed him.

Then me and my friend were having a whisky, music and talks till 3am, everything was right, Ondrèj was sleeping like a baby, then I step him to get in the kitchen but my foot met a wet and warm spot !!

He just peed the couch, I told my friend that didn't believe me at first but in fact he did.

I didn't woke him up cause it would embarass him for nothing so I just mopped the pee on the floor, soon after my friend left.

And I went to bed but even if I was really tired I wasn't able to sleep for a while thinking about what will happen the morning after.. Also thinking : "may I take a photo for the forum? But if he woke up at this time, what will he think ? lol "

Finally when I woke up at midday he just acted like if nothing happened and I didn't want to awkward him so I didn't say anything about it and just put the couch outside cause there was a strong pee smell in the air, finally we eat together at home and he just left.

But some things seem strange to me in this story cause he went to the toilet before sleeping and as I didn't clean my Internet historic he may have seen this site before to went to bed and it may have ran into his subconscious making him wet the bed ?

Anyway I'm totally straight even when it comes to Omo so it didn't arouse me at all, I just felt embarassed for him but I guessed some girls and guys will enjoy this experience here !

;)

