Wetting from high school

Author: notagain!

*000*2011-09-03 05:03

This happened when i was a sophomore (i believe) in my biology class. Her name was Leah, she was white, had freckles on her face and arms, had red hair, a REALLY nice body, boobs and ass and was wearing our school's cheerleading uniform. She was a very popular girl in my grade and always wanted all the new gossip and center of attention around her. It was like the 4th or 5th day of class, and it was our first science lab of the year. All we had to do was bring in a living organism and write stuff about it. 

A lot of kids brought in their pet birds, hamsters, etc. It was actually a pretty cool lab. Earlier in the class, Leah said to her friend that she had to pee really badly (i heard this because she sat next to me). That caught my eye really quickly and noticed her move and cross her legs alot during the next 10 minutes. Lucky for me our teacher had a strict no bathroom policy unless it was an EMERGENCY. Leah asked if she could go to the bathroom, and my teacher said no. :D. So she just sat back down and prepared for our lab. She started to bounce up and down alot and her legs were almost always crossed.

Now, i really wanted to see Leah pee herself. So i started to fantasize of scenario's of her peeing herself. And then, i thought of a realistic idea, that might work! This is idea was probably the best idea my brain came up with during my whole high school education (hahaha). Leah said earlier in the class that she was petrified of snakes, and luckily for me one of my classmates had brought in a harmless snake to use for the observation lab. So once i saw the snake and Leah, i got the idea...when you have really bad pee desperation + fear = a wetting accident!

I had read stories online of how some people get the pee scared right out of them, so i decided, why not test that on Leah? Now, im not a mean person by any means, but i really wanted to see her pee for some reason, I guess during high school your hormones are just really active or something. But i didnt wanna be the person to put the snake near Leah. Sp i asked my friend (who wasnt particularly fond of Leah) to put the snake near her. He thought it would be funny so he decided to do it.

So when Leah was socializing with her friends, crossing her legs and fidgeting under her desk, when my friend decided to get the snake from his cage (it was his snake). He got it from the cage and neared her. Now, i thought he was just gonna put the snake near her, but instead, he put the snake on her shoulders and screamed "OH MY GOD LEAH LOOK OUT!" very loudly. Leah felt the snake and heard it hisss and she screamed at the top of her lungs. During this whole time i mainly focused on her legs, waiting for them to jerk when the snake went on her. I saw her legs jerk up and saw her immidietly put her hand on her crotch and cross her legs ever so tightly! She almost started to tear up a little bit. Everyone asked her "whats wrong Leah?" and she would say "I was tearing up because i was sooooo scared!" But i knew why she really was starting to tear up, i could see her fideling with her crotch, and saw when she stood up that the lower part of her very tight skirt was wet!

She told my teacher that she had a restroom emergency, and he let her go to the bathroom. Once i heard Leah ask for the bathroom, i knew she would get it, so i snuck out the door into the hallway she'd have to walk to down to go to the bathroom. She bolted out of the room and was doing a weird, fast/bent over walk. I could tell she was very desperate because of the fear she had. I watched her walk down the hallway, and as she approached the end of it, she bent over and let a little more pee out! You could hear her sniffling and crying as it happened. After she turned the corner i hung out in the hallway for a minute, trying to control the boner i had, it was a very hot moment!

I went back to my desk and examined Leah's and saw a nice little treasure, a nice little pool of pee! For the rest of the day i kept thinking of that moment, it was so amazing! I had her for math or something later that day. I could tell she didnt seem focused on class, and she'd occasionally rub her pussy to feel if it's damp. This was the 2nd of 3 wettings i experienced in my high school days, the first one happened in 9th grade i believe and the third wetting was in 12th grade.

Hope you liked my experience guys, lemme know how you feel about it. And let me know if you have any high school stories of girls peeing themselves! I'd love to read them!

