Hold It Contest Loser

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2014-09-01 14:32

One night, my omo-crazy friend Dex and I decided to have one of our holding contests. I was determined to win this one, particularly since Dex seemed to be much more desperate than I was. So, I took him out for a drive in the country, stopping at a gas station that I knew didn't have a working restroom for more water. I planned to drive around until he started wetting his jeans, but after another bottle of water, I was beginning to worry that I might not outlast him. I did my best to hide my desperation, but when I found myself on a narrow road, with no place to pull over, I began to panic. I had to pee so bad my driving was suffering, I was holding my crotch I squirming, and Dex was laughing and pressing on my bladder, but at the same time was encouraging me to keep on holding it. I responded by acting cutesy, and pressing on his bladder, though I couldn't keep it up for long.

I thought about pulling over, getting out of the car, and wetting myself to just get it over with; it wasn't like I was a guy, I couldn't pull down my pants in public and bare my ass to anyone who happened by...I'd get a ticket, if not an arrest! But, before I could do even that, the dam broke, and not in dribbles and squirts. Pee was pouring into my crotch and puddling in my seat. "Ohmigosh!" I cried in dismay to Dex. "I'm peeing my pants in the car!" Dex tried to get me to stop, since he likes to watch girls wet themselves, and in the dark of the car, that wasn't possible. But, I couldn't stop, no matter how hard I tried, I could only cut off the flow from a flood to a trickle, and then only briefly. I kept peeing in my seat until my poor bladder was empty.

I eventually found a park, where Dex got out and flooded his own pants. I couldn't see it, but I could hear and feel it :)

*002*2014-09-02 00:22

{{ 

Hold-it contests: The only contest where losing is as good as winning :D

}}

Ain't it the truth! Except in the car...

