Work Accident

Author: Thisisaname

*000*2015-07-12 20:31

So, although I don't post as much as I could, or should, most of you who know me, will know I am no stranger to accidents of both the wet and messy kinds. A combination of a weak bladder and an old car crash will do that to a girl.

Tonight, though... Tonight was different.

Recently I've been put on some new medications, to which my body is having a little trouble adjusting to. In the last four days, I've nearly shit myself in three different shops and in a close friend's car, a bar, and in my own car. Every time, just as I was losing hope, I've managed to make it to a toilet, into which I have ass-vomited LIQUID FUCKING FIRE.

So, just as I'm starting to feel better, tonight happens.

It started out at 5pm. I got in my car and went to work, setting about preparing everything for the night. Within 15 minutes, I HAD to pee. I went from totally fine to dribbling in less than 30 seconds. It hurt my bladder so much, and I knew I would never make it to the toilet, so I dropped trou and peed in the sink. I'm not proud of this, and if I'd had any other option, I would've taken it. After thoroughly cleaning the sink, I went back to my duties, rushing to get everything ready before my assistant arrived.

Three hours later, the urge to pee struck again. I'd only had one bottle of water since my first pee of the night, so this struck me as odd. Once again, I had little to no warning, and I found myself dribbling into my underwear as I shuffled hurriedly down the hallway to the loo. I sat down and let the stream go, when suddenly, my bowel opened up and emptied itself violently into the toilet. The smell was unbearable.

I finished up, sprayed some of the communal perfume around and headed back to work. It was roughly 9-10pm by this stage and I was running behind schedule. I knew that if I wanted to avoid trouble from the owner, I had to hurry.

Everything went smoothly, for the next two or three hours, and then I went to deliver some things to local businesses we supply. I got out of the van at one place and INSTANTLY my bladder exploded into pain. Gritting my teeth, I sucked it up and held on. I had to finish the job before I could go again. I was already late and to drop everything for a petty need was unthinkable.

I got back to my workplace, panties slightly dampened, and set about the last of my jobs. My assistant begged me to go home early, to catch the last of the tennis, and I made a point of pretending I didn't really want to let him go early, even though secretly, I couldn't wait for him to leave. My bladder was aching by now, and I eventually "caved in" and said he could go. Almost as he was walking out the door, I doubled over and squeezed hard on my crotch, legs double-crossed as I fought the urge. It subsided, not without a few spurts of urine, and I rushed about finishing up.

As I worked, hands shaking with need, my pants grew damper and damper, until they were glistening slightly at the front, a wet spot the size of perhaps a coffee mug over my genitalia. I crouched down to open a low drawer, and this was my undoing. Piss burst through my urethra, past my hand, which I had futilely placed over it to perhaps prevent this from happening, and all over my light blue 3/4 jeans. It wasn't until I felt my anus burning that I realized my bladder wasn't the only thing giving out.

The pee and diarrhea rushed out of my body, forcing its way through my pants and over the floor, and I could do nothing to stop it. I knelt there in shock, farting and bubbling all the way, before I felt a solid lump approach my sphincter. Knowing there was no point whatsoever in holding anything else in anymore, I gave a hard push, and a massive log heaved into my underwear, bulging out the tight-ish pants and creeping slightly up my cheeks. A few more bubbly farts followed, whether they were gas or more diarrhea I do not know, and I was done. Cautiously, I stood up, surveying my surroundings. As the realisation that I would have to continue in wet, messy clothes sunk in, I sighed.

I wiped away the most of the mess from my butt and legs, to avoid it dripping on the floor, and began the clean up. Once done, and the last of my work duties were finished, I grabbed some plastic bags, lined my car seat with them, and drove to a secluded place to start cleaning up.

I don't know if it was the knowledge that I was already messy, but on the drive, I wet myself once more. I was so far past caring that I just relaxed into it, enjoying the feeling of it pooling into my thighs. Once I arrived, I hurriedly cleaned up with a spare towel in the car (I go to the gym and always have at least two towels in the car, one for sweat and one to use after I shower) and a large bottle of water. Wrapping the other towel around my now naked waist, I bagged up my pants, put them in the car and drove back home where I jumped in the shower and thoroughly cleaned myself, after convincing my roomies that I managed to spill something over myself at work.

All I can say is I'm glad this happened after my assistant left, and that my car seems to be brilliantly stocked for exactly this kind of thing.

*003*2015-07-13 20:12

Aha, I'm so glad you've found the funny side of this!

I can't say I was overly upset about this whole experience, I do enjoy the occasional mess, it's just a shame the clean-up is so time consuming.

*006*2015-07-20 10:42

Punpunpunpunpun ^

