An old experience

Author: AS90

*000*2012-11-07 23:17

So, this is the first story I've thought about typing up here, and it feels pretty tame and fairly brief. Perhaps fitting for my first post in this section of the forum.

I've always had a bit of a fascination with the idea of being out in the rain. I think there's something so beautiful and natural about being out in nature surrounded by and (within reasonable limits) being at the mercy of mother nature. Even more so, the idea of peeing in the rain is one which interests me on both inquisitive and sexual levels.

I've only really had the chance to experiment with this once, which was a while back, when I was cycling home. It was about a 4 mile trip, and in the middle of it, I got caught in an absolute downpour. No waterproofs, no time to find shelter, just bone dry to sponge-like in about 30 seconds flat. It was whilst I was waiting at some lights that the urge to pee hit me, and awakened that little corner of my brain that started whispering "go on, you've thought about doing this for ages, doooooo it". At that point, I was soaked. I was also wearing black trousers. Win/win scenario really.

At first, I tried to relax, tried to let go. Nothing. Peeing outdoors comes relatively easy to me when I'm alone, but on a busy-ish road, surrounded by people, in broad daylight? Nuh-uh. Eventually, a degree of concentration and the sound of rain falling did the trick, and I managed to release a little trickle. As other fans of wetting may attest to, once the first little trickle is out, it serves to open the floodgates, and indeed, I was able to pee freely. It felt fantastic, and definitely warmed me up a little in the freezing rain. The biggest thrill came from knowing that only I could tell what I was doing. No-one around me would be able to distinguish rain-soaked clothes from a wetting, so I could get away with it easily.

As if in sync with my brain and body, as soon as I had finished, the lights changed, and off I went. Definitely something I'd like to experience again, but I feel that there was a large amount of coincidence that time, and that future experiences would have to be somewhat contrived.

Anyway, thanks for reading, just fancied sharing a little something.


