My Unplanned Wetting

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-03-24 08:55

All but one of my adult wetting ‘accidents’ have been because I deliberately held my pee until I physically was unable to hold it any longer, and I wet my pants . This is the story of this lone exception.

A few years ago,I was enjoying a particularly active period of Omorashi, and perhaps my brain connecting feeling desperate and having wet briefs with pleasure, over reacted.

For a couple of weeks I would suddenly go from needing to pee slightly to feeling like my pee was going to come out, to leaking into my underwear. This would happen at inappropriate times when I did not want to wet my pants, like at work. I was the evening closing manager at a supermarket about 45 minutes from home. By the end of my shift I needed to pee ‘normally’, nothing serious. I would always pee after I secured the back of the store, before my 33 mile ride home. As I was making sure everything in the back was locked and secure, I would suddenly and without warning go from this state , to feeling like I was about to pee, and then to leaking into my white cotton briefs uncontrollably. It was just a few spurts but, nothing even grabbing myself could prevent it. Fortunately I usually wet just my briefs, but as this condition worsened it began to soak through to my black jeans. Thankfully there usually was nobody left to notice.

My first reaction was to try to force my bladder to grow up by holding my pee longer when I could, which lead to this event. On my day off, I was out running errands, shopping etc. for several hours. By the time I reached my last stop at a food store, specializing in fruits and vegetables, I needed to pee moderately. I could feel the fullness in my bladder, not painful, but defiantly beyond when I would normally go. As I past the restrooms, I was tempted to use them. But, but the pressure was to the point, that I was beginning to enjoy it, and besides I would be home in 20 minutes. Also, my bladder needed to relearn some control so I kept walking. I finished shopping and the drive home was uneventful. I would put my need to pee at about a 6.5 (out of 10).

As soon as I got out of my car I felt the pee rush to the tip of my penis, pressing hard against my pee hole like it was about to come out. I quickly grabbed myself, but to no avail. I leaked a good sized spurt into my white cotton briefs. Here I go again. After another quick squeeze, to make sure I leaked no further, I grabbed my packages and headed towards the house. I still felt that pricking feeling at my pee hole warning me my pee was about to come out.

After a few steps I leaked again, further wetting my underwear. I tried unsuccessfully to juggle my packages, to free a hand ,to try to hold my leaking penis. I set my things down in order to unlock the door. By this time the spurts of pee had turned into a slow but steady stream .When playing I would love this feeling but, this was not planned. I tried squeezing myself hard, and crossing my legs while bending forward to stop the flow, but nothing worked. By this time my pee had soaked through my briefs, wetting my blue jeans in the front down to my crotch. I picked up my bags and quickly headed inside still slowly peeing. I set down my things and headed for the bathroom.

By this time despite furious work with my hand the slow leak was interspersed with bigger spurts. I looked down and the wetness had gone all the way to my knees, and I was still going. Reaching the toilet I quickly freed myself, spraying pee on the wall and floor as I never did stop the flow of pee. I finished up in the toilet, but my jeans were wet almost to the ankle in one leg and my briefs of course were soaked. Ordinarily that would be great but I had not planned it, so I was concerned. Even all my childhood wetting was limited to my underwear. I stopped pee playing for a while did kegles exercises and everything eventually returned to normal.

So all is well that ends well. Although I have had close calls, this is the only time except the 3 times when I was a kid, that I wet my pants without planning.

