Wife's desperate evening out in the city

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-21 11:12

This is the last one of altogether four incidents, in which I personally witnessed my wife in a situation of extreme pee desperation. This is also the most recent one so far.

It happened about three and a half years ago on a very cold mid-winter evening, when we both went to a small cellar theatre in our city. My wife was wearing an elegant black pullover, a light gray wool skirt that reached about 5cm above her knees, thick and warm black wool tights and dark green lace panties underneath. As it was very cold this evening, she had put on a long, warm gray coat, fur-lined grey boots, and she carried a small black handbag, not to forget.

We went to the theatre from our home by a ride on the underground without changing lines. However, we arrived very close, as there was technical hold-up on the underground ride that lasted for more than 20 minutes. As we finally arrived at the theatre the performance was about to begin. When took our seats, my wife whispered to me: "Damn, I wanted to go to the loo for a pee. I will have to wait for the break." I whispered back: "There is no break. The play is only 1 hour 25 minutes." She was definitely not amused, but also seemed not really very much worried.

And in fact I didn't see any particular signs of desperation from her for about one hour. Only during the last 25 minutes, there was some repeated leg crossing and some slight squirming and fidgeting in her seat. When the play ended and she stood up from her seat, I could see her slightly bending over, saying: "And now off to the loo, quick! I already didn't know how to sit still for the last 30 minutes!"

We went to the toilets and saw: Very long queues both for the Lady's and the Gent's! The small cellar theatre had only 120 seats - but also just two toilet stalls for every sex! To my surprise, my wife said: "That's ridiculous. I would have to line up here for maybe twenty minutes. Just let's go home. That won't take us much longer either." In fact she was right. The underground station was practically in front of the theatre. We had to go 9 stations without changing (18-19 minutes ride) and then another 4-5 minutes to walk home.

So we took our coats and left. I actually didn't expect much more to happen about her need to pee - but out in the street and in the cold air, my wife started complaining that walking is not to best "therapy" for her bladder. She even thought about using the toilets on the underground station, but we found them to be closed. She commented this: "Puh. Not good. Ok, let's go home as fast as possible!" When we waited for the train on the platform, she walked around in very fast, small steps, every couple of seconds stopping for leg crossing. My excitement grew watching her.

It took some time till our train arrived, as the underground goes at lower frequency in the evening. My wife became visibly more and more worried, for the first time I saw the pee desperation-specific “expression of horror” on her face. But when we finally we were on the train, she calmed down a bit. However, when we reached the first station, she remarked: "Fuck. Even sitting is already very uncomfortable now. No wonder, I actually need to pee since almost two and a half hours."

One station later she asked me to leave our seats and go to another area of the wagon with no passengers sitting close to us. I guessed why, and I was right: As soon as no other passengers were around, she opened her coat, put both hands firmly through her skirt into her crotch, and leaned her upper body forward almost on her thighs. I said "oh oh, that bad..?"

"Absolutely bursting now", she gasped with a very worried expression on her face. We arrived at the next station and no new passengers took a seat close to us. I said to my wife: "It's just six more stations, then the short walk home, less than 20 minutes, no need to worry!" She replied "20 more minutes are going to be very a close call, I am afraid." Her feet were tapping rapidly on the wagon floor, and she added: "Be prepared - I might end up having to squat somewhere in the street as soon as we will have reached our home station." I argued that it's only a 5 minute walk home from the station, and she actually answered: "Maybe that will be just 1 or 2 minutes too long. I still remember making it home literally in the last second some years ago. I won't risk this anymore." Oh yes, I still remembered this incident quite well! This remembrance and imagining her having an emergency pee in the street today evening excited me even more.

About half way to the next but one station, something happened that "made the evening" - the train stopped in the tunnel! Within a few seconds, we heard the same tape-announcement as already on our way to the theatre: "Due to service work this train will be at halt .... blabla". It actually happened between the same two stations as on our ride to the theatre – but we both had already forgotten about it! When my wife realised the halt and heard the announcement, her face grew pale. She said: "Oh, no, no! - will this again take 20 minutes as on our first ride?" They didn't tell on the tape about the length of our stay, so we just had to wait and see.

My wife was now visibly shocked about the fact of literally being "trapped" with a bursting bladder combined with a total uncertainty about the further development. She started squirming heavily in her seat, her breathing has turned into an almost permanent gasping. She did no longer touch herself thru her skirt, but had already pulled it up almost to the waistband, so she could easily jam her hands into her crotch directly on her black wool tights. She tried to cover this rather “inappropriate” action under her coat as much as possible. But in fact, the other passengers sat too far away to notice anything. It was only me who could clearly see the frantic movements of her whole body and the numerous small sweat drops now appearing on her forehead.

About 10 minutes after the train had stopped, she said to me in a surprisingly calm voice: "My bladder is on the verge of exploding. Get prepared. If we are stuck on this train much longer, I will have no other choice than to pee right here in the wagon. I just don't know yet how to manage this with all my clothing without being noticed. You will need to give me as much shelter as possible." Well – “unfortunately”, I had to object: "You should really not think about doing this! Since more than two years, there are lots of CCTVs on every wagon of our Underground! It would be so easy for them to recognise “live” what you are doing. And as we are on a stuck train, they would even have enough time to set some action immediately. If we are "lucky", the security guys would already wait for us in the next station on the platform!"

Now her face grew not pale, but actually white and she panicked: "But, but ... what will that mean for me!? I simply can't hold it much longer - I need to pee since almost three hours! What if we are trapped here for one more hour? I would need to let go into my clothes?? I never did this for my whole life!" Her voice almost shrieked at the last two sentences. I managed to say as calm as possible: "Darling, no need to worry! On our way to the theatre, the stay was about 20 minutes. Thinking logically, it should be the same now."

For a couple of minutes, she fell silent, only her body continued to "speak" about her predicament. Her legs had started to quiver severely. She bit her lips permanently, besides that her whole mouth was trembling in a very strange way. After almost 20 minutes in the tunnel (my wife permanently checked the ongoing minutes on her mobile!) she gasped with a very strained voice: "I have to get out of here. I need to pee so incredibly bad, I am about to go crazy!" I told her that I expect us to move again every second. 

With her quivering lips she answered: "I really hope so. I guess I have only got a couple of minutes before I will start to literally scream from pain, if I continue to try holding my pee in. And I definitely won't let the other passengers watch me going insane in front of them. I will rather let go into my tights instead as calm as possible. I am serious." Saying this, she had started sobbing, tears running down on her cheeks. "Fuck, can't believe this is happening. It will be such a mess in all my clothes", she added, now crying heavily. I reached over to her, caressed her face and said: "We will move again any second! I promise!" She shook her head and kept crying, I continued to caress her cheek.

One minute later she had regained some composure, but though she said: "Ok. I am now on the verge of virtually losing my mind due to this excruciating pee urge and pain." Her voice was trembling, as did her lips. "I will count exactly 5 minutes from now, then I will actually start to pee myself, before I do any really crazy things here in front of everyone."

I was quite surprised by this quite “rational” plan of hers. And though I was really pretty much overwhelmed by the prospect of finally seeing a woman (even my wife) pee herself, I really didn't want this to happen to her in this rather very public setting and I felt very bad for her. It was so ambivalent – I didn´t want to imagine that I will actually get turned on when she pees herself, but I was really afraid it will – at last partly – get my excited…

Well, we both were lucky - about two minutes later, the train actually started to get into motion again! My wife was clearly surprised, as she had already set up herself emotionally for the alternative scenario... We reached the station in less than a minute. "Out" she simply moaned. She got up from her seat with very careful slow movements, bent over immediately, her hands never leaving her crotch, and hurried with small steps out of the wagon and on the platform. I caught up to her, asking "And now?". "Up" she gasped, already heading for the lift, which was right next to the platform and lead directly to the street level. Some people looked at her quite astonished when she hobbled towards the lift almost totally bent over and with her hands clearly pressed into her crotch. Instead of the lift I proposed the escalators, as they lead to a floor directly under the street level, where we might find toilets.

But we were already in the lift (alone, all other passengers had chosen the escalators). My wife pee danced like mad, replying under heavy gasps: "Mhm, toilets, sure! Let's look for toilets which are either not existing, or take too much time to be found and are finally closed. No. A small miracle just saved me from being forced to pee into my clothes. I won't take any more risks." When the lift reached the street level, I could see her pulling up the whole front side of her wool skirt under her pullover, fixing it there, then closing her coat again.

Getting out of the lift, we found ourselves in the main street of a rather calm resident area with 5-6 storey apartment buildings. There was only a small number of shops, restaurants and bars, all of them had already closed (it was about 10.30 pm at that time). There were still a few pedestrians in the street every now and then.

Totally doubled over, my wife pee danced out of the lift onto the pavement. "And now?", I asked once more. The answer came right back: "Now?? PEE!!!! Wherever - between parked cars, on the pavement, in the middle of the street - I don't actually care WHERE. It only has to be NOW, in order to avoid doing it all in my clothes." A second later she shouted "over there" and pointed to the other side of the street at something that was a kind of an "alley" - but only 10-12 metres long and a dead end with a delivery entrance-door, probably for one of the shops on the main street.

My wife was already on her way there, crossing the street in her bent over posture. She had both hands in her deep coat pockets, and it was clear that she was using them to hold her crotch tightly. When we stepped between two parked cars on the pavement in front of the alley, she asked me to take her handbag from her shoulder.

Being so close to the place where she might pee finally, I could really feel that she was actually about to lose it any moment and now literally every second counted. Her whole body was heavily shivering and she was fidgeting like crazy. With a panicky voice she gasped "hhaaaa , quick, quick, quick!!" Even before we were actually covered in the dead end alley, she had opened her coat and her hands were already reaching for the waistband of her wool tights (Her skirt´s front was already fixed under her pullover). While she still hobbled towards the door at the end of the alley, she already tried to get her tights down, at the same time gasping to me: "Hold up the lower end of my coat, mmm-hhaaa, quiiick!!" I did this immediately, as I understood it would otherwise touch the dirty ground when she squats, or maybe even get hit by her pee.

When we reached the end of the alley she pee danced like crazy on the spot, as she still hadn´t succeeded in getting her thick wool tights down. That was mainly because she had to grab her crotch tightly every 1-2 seconds, which again and again delayed her efforts to get her tights down finally. I had no hand to help - in one was her coat's end, in my other her handbag. She was actually crying in despair, till she finally managed to roll her tights downward on her upper thighs just for about 25cm, revealing her sexy see thru black lace panties. Without losing the split of a second she went into a rather high crouch, in the same second reaching for the waistband of her panties. 

Suddenly her whole pelvic area started to tremble heavily and she whimpered “Oouuuuh, no, no, no, quiiiick!”, when I heard the sound of a very strong splashing on the ground. I looked at her crotch and could see many small pee streams going at an extremely high force right through her lace panties and hitting the ground. The streams escaping through her panties looked in fact a bit like the head of watering can pouring water at high pressure.

The hissing and splashing sound was not even drowned by her immediate whining outcry "Wooaah, going in paaantiiieees!" Instantly she hurried both hands to her crotch and frantically pulled her panties simply aside. The now unhindered pee gusher was unbelievably thick and strong and literally thundered on the ground with a loud noise. Pee splashed up again from the ground high into the air and into almost any direction. My black trousers got hit by some splashes, but I couldn't really step back, because I had to hold up the low end of her coat. Also her boots got hit by many splashes.

The pee now permanently changed from a gusher to a spray, the hissing was accompanied by very loud breathing and gasping from her. After about 30 seconds the alternating sprays and gushers finally turned into a “normal” single stream that went on for another 20 seconds. Only now she pulled her panties really forward on her tighs. The crotch was totally soaked, pee was dripping to the ground from it. She was extremely angry about it, but finally said she will stuff it with as many tissues as possible, it shouldn't feel too uncomfortable. She used 5 or 6 tissues, which really worked very well.

Afterwards, I called us a taxi from my mobile and we were home in about 20 minutes.

This was the last of four memorable incidents of my wife's pee desperations so far - at least considering the situations I could personally witness. And it included the first and only time I saw her "not quite making it" with totally dry clothes. I don't know whether any pedestrians got to watch us in the alley, as I stood there with my back to the street. However, some people may have had a nice "sighting"! ;-)

###

There were two more incidents I know about when she was in extreme pee desperation, but I was not present and only have been told about it by her. In comparison to my personal sightings, reports about these situations would be somewhat shorter - as she doesn't know about my fetish, I can never ask too much about details.

However, also her reports are quite hot I think. I can post them too, if the members of this forum like me to do so!?

*003*2015-05-22 05:24

{{ 

Great story, i loved her extreme desperation, very nice read

}}

Nice to hear you enjoyed it! ;-)

I very much liked to read your morning shower story too! Thanks for sharing it!!

*005*2015-05-22 07:06

{{ 

Wow best story yet, love the detail of her desperation & her not quite making it.

}}

Thanks! ;-)

To be honest, I don't actually have a "ranking" which one of the four incidents I witnessed, I liked the most.

But particularly because I really can't judge myself, I am very interested in the opinion of others - can you say, why you liked this one best...? I am curious to hear! ;-)

*008*2015-05-23 12:24

{{ 

It was your descriptions of the way she was dancing around in the undergraund station, it just really turned me on & the fact she wet herself this time, I just loved the way you described it spraying through her knickers.

}}

Yes, to watch how she made her way from the underground wagon till the alley was in fact priceless... People who are so desperate that they can actually only move doubled over are very rarely to be seen...

And that she "not quite made it" was another "bonus", that´s true. I actually had the feeling that she may lose it even earlier, f.e. in the lift, or on the pavement, before we reached the alley. Anyway, all that would have been better than in the wagon (I am really glad that she didn´t have to go through this...) As long as she didn´t need to pee herself with other people around, it would have been not the be biggest catastrophe, I think. Most of the damage would have been hidden by her coat. However the actual outcome was a kind of "win-win- situation" - very hot to witness for me though and not too embarrassing for her.

*009*2015-05-24 11:58

{{ 

You saved the last story for the best ! I love these long stories, gradually building the tension, with lots of details , leaving me wondering will she make it or not . Her repeated mentioning how badly she needed to pee , and , that she was not going to make it as well as squirming and grabbing herself ,is enough to arouse most Omorashi fans. With the ultimate ending of her wetting her panties some, trying to pee in an ally this story is awesome . Apparently to your knowledge nobody noticed, so it is all good. Thank you for sharing a story I don't remember seeing before.

}}

Nice to hear you enjoyed it! It was in fact a rather special setting, the options for her seemed very limited and the outcome was very uncertain for quite a long time! Not fun for her indeed, but as you said, eventually everything turned into an "acceptable" result for her and into an exciting experience for me too!

*012*2015-05-26 12:13

{{ 

I am so glad you have reposted these as I had not seen them wherever they were originally posted (I must admit if the quality of the stories on that site are in the same league as yours then I would like to check it out). I am really struggling to pick a favourite as loved them all but I think this one just edges them, it has everything with the decision to wait from your wife, you able to enjoy while being supportive and the incredible descriptions you give, i did not know how it would end and I must admit I was routing for her to make it as your descriptions are so realistic I think we as a reader side with her as the heroin of the story. In the end though what a finish, she gets off train early, pees in the open and doesn't quite make it but doesn't disgrace herself either so all in all a perfect ending. Many thanks again for sharing.

}}

Glad, you enjoyed it! Looking back, the incident actually seems to have a perfect "dramaturgy", you are right. However, it´s outcome could have been completely different.

*013*2015-05-30 09:36

{{ 

Great story!

I hope you'll have more to share, too.

}}

Thanks - Up to now, I have already posted all stories about the incidents I either personally witnessed or has been told about.

But I hope, the future will bring up some events that will be worth to tell you folks about it! ;-)

