A Bit Of Fun On Our Way Home From The Pub!

Author: vikka

*000*2014-02-19 01:31

Last Thursday we were three merry and tipsified girls leaving a pub. I must admit that we all had had a couple of too many pints of beer and shots during the evening. Before we left we went to the toilets to pee, but it was a long line of ladies before us, and after a giggly discussion we came to the optimistic conclusion, that we could easily hold on for a while more. I tittered covertly. We were going to round off the evening at Christina's place, and it was a rather long walk. I felt that I should have great difficulties to hold on all the way. And I hoped that that would go for the others too.

I was right! After only about five minutes Monica stopped and crossed her legs.

"Shit! I should have peed at the pub! I really need to pee now!" She panted.

"Me too", Cristina whimpered, "I don't know, if I'll make it all the way home!" She shoved her red skirt in between her thighs and pressed upon her crotch.

I thought it was time for me to do my bit.

"Same here! And I know for sure, that I won't make it! If only there was the tiniest little bush to hide behind, but there are only buildings and streets as long as you can see." I was tiptoeing on the spot.

We all began to giggle. We were really a screamingly funny spectacle. We were drunkenly reeling on the pavement with firm grips on our crotches. It was a brilliant opportunity, I thought, too good to be blown...

"Hey, girls", I began in a cheerful voice, "Let's have some fun! We know, that there isn't a chance we'll hold on all the way. Let's pretend we're little girls, wetting ourselves here, there and everywhere! We're wearing skirts so there won't be any wet patches visible. It could be really droll, if you dare! Actually, even if we don't dare, we'll probably wet ourselves anyway, hehe!"

I didn't have to be afraid, that Christina and Monica should chicken out. In their drunken states they thought my idea was hilarious! Laughing we decided, that we should try to walk as normally as possible, trying not to show, that we were desperate to pee. We should also try to not let everything go in one go, but save our pee so we could distribute it on several occasions.

Already while we were discussing the procedure, we started to leak. First out was Monica. Suddenly she parted her legs, and a spurt of pee hit the ground between her feet! The first spurt was followed by another, which made both Christina and me to yell:

"Stop it! Don't waste all your pee!"

After yet another spurt she managed to stop the flow.

"Wow! It felt sooo good!" She exclaimed. "My panties feel so wet and cosy! Look how wet they are!" She lifted her skirt for us to see. Her light yellow silk panties were dripping wet in the crotch, and the wetness had made them almost totally see-through. I noticed that her pussy was shaved, clean as a baby's. And hadn't she been a real baby now, wetting herself like that! The sight was so arousing! She gave her pussy a quick rubbing before letting it down. She moaned a little.

I was the next in turn. I'd been so desperately trying to hold my pee in, and now I didn't feel the little stream, that started to fill my panties and then slowly make its way through them, trickling down my thighs. It was when I felt the wet stream on my thighs, I got aware of, that I was wetting myself like a little kid. I lifted my skirt, and in the next second I came, and pee gushed down, splashing on the hard pavement! My orgasm made me give away a muffled scream. I tried not to be too loud, but it was enough to make a passing young woman turn her head and look at me. She continued her walk, but as I'd lifted my skirt up to my waist, she must have seen, that I was peeing myself. I put a hand on my pussy to help stopping the pee, and before I let down the skirt, I too gave my pussy a quick rubbing. I felt how wet and also sticky my pink cotton panties were.

"Vikka! You crazy girl!" Yelled Monica. "You got an orgasm! You're so naughty!"

"Vikka had an orgasm! Vikka had an orgasm!" Christina called out. Her enthusiasm made her lose control, and she too started to pee herself. From the beginning it was a strong spurt, that hit the pavement with a splash! Hastily she hitched up her skirt. I stared at her with open mouth. She was so sexy! She wore chestnut coloured nylon stockings with white garters running up her pale thighs and in under her light blue, very thin silk panties. Her pee ran with a thick stream between her parted legs. She put a hand at her crotch, trying to stop the flow, but it took a little while before she managed to do so. In the meantime her pee welled out through her panties, around her hand and between her fingers.

I took a rapid glance at Monica. I could see that she was as aroused by the sight as I was; like me she had one hand pushing her skirt in between her thighs and rubbing her pussy!

If Monica and I was aroused, so was also Christina! Even when she'd eventually succeeded to stop peeing, she continued to rub her pussy!

We were a sight for gods! Three tipsy girls stumbling around on the pavement, furiously masturbating! But suddenly Monica caught sight of two couples approaching us.

"Look out! People coming!" She called out.

Christina hastily pulled down her skirt, and trying to look as normal as possible, we continued to walk.

Five minutes later Monica announced:

"Girls! I can walk and pee at the same time! Look!"

We looked. It was amazing! Thin streams of pee were trickling down her legs, and Monica was walking on as everything was just normal. We passed a cinema with groups of people outside, and making her way through the crowd she went on peeing. I don't think anyone noticed it!

We crossed a small park not far from Cristina's place. I was very, very horny and longed for an opportunity to fondle my pussy. So, when I detected a park bench, I suggested, that we should sit down and empty our bladders. The others thought it was a brilliant idea.

The park was empty of people, so we hitched up our skirts and sat down. I'd purposely placed myself very close to Christina, and felt her warm thigh against mine. I knew, that both she and Monica was straight, both of them having boyfriends. But I couldn't help myself; I was so terribly horny! And seen the other two now and then rubbing their pussies during our walk, I knew they were pretty aroused too! I took a deep breath and put a hand on her thigh.

"I must feel how wet your panties are", I said. "Do you mind if I do?"

"It's alright", she answered thickly and giggled. "Go ahead!"

I stroke my hand over her stocking tops and continued slowly and gently over the bare skin until I reached her panties. Oh, they were so wet! I felt her pussy under the soaking panties. It was so warm and thick! Then I felt her panties getting even more wet! She was peeing on my hand! It was only a little spurt at first, but then it was like a sluice opened and her pee gushed through her panties and between my fingers. 

I began to rub her pussy over her panties. I found her throbbing clit and caressed it with gentle moves. She panted! And now I also felt a hand on my thigh. It was Monica's hand! She'd been watching and got so horny, that she began to caress me. Up to my pussy, and when her hand reached it I began to pee myself. Right on her hand! She began to caress my pussy with eager fingers. And I continued to caress Christina. I pressed her panties deep in her pussy with two fingers and stroke them firmly against the front of her vagina. She let out muffled screams, which mixed with my groans and simultaneously we both got huge orgasms! I pulled out my fingers from her vagina and a strong gush of pee and maybe something else squirted out penetrating her panties! I came in one strong orgasm after the other, peeing like a maniac!

When our orgasms had ebbed out, both Christina and I turned to Monica. I noticed that Christina really wanted to caress the pussy, why I concentrated on Monica's tits. And mouth, I pushed my tongue in between her lips and let it whirl around hers. She responded to my kiss and we went on kissing, while I managed to free her tits from her bra. I caressed them gently and fondled her nipples making them grow and get hard. In the meantime Christina kneeled between Monica's legs and began to kiss and lick her pussy! Now and then getting a potion of pee, generously administrated by Monica. I reflected, that they did very well, considering they were straight! And obviously Monica was very satisfied with the treatment Christina provided her. It was fortunate that Christina and I were kissing, when she got a mighty orgasm. Otherwise the whole neighborhood would have heard her screams! Now they got muffled by my mouth.

I love having sex with straight girls! When they get on it and lose their inhibitions, they get so enthusiastic and eager, that it gives sapphic sex a new dimension! Monica and I stayed the whole night at Christina's, and what a night it was!

*009*2014-02-21 23:13

Wow! Thankyou so, so, so, sooooo much for your praise!! You're so nice to me! Way beyound what I deserve... It'll spur me to write more about my experiences. I've got an idea how to tell about my experiences in a different way... We'll see.

@SAMan1: I'm not so sure about having converted my friends to our fetish. Sitting at the breakfast table the next morning, they were very embarrassed. I tried to lead our conversation in to what had occurred, but they were very reluctant to talk about it. And before we parted, Christina made us all to swear, that we should never tell anyone about what had happened. (I know, I've just told you all, but I haven't used their real names, and also changed some other details, so that no one would recognize them.) But I am convinced, that they liked it! Yes, we were all three pretty drunk, but even if you're drunk, you wouldn't do anything with such enthusiasm as they did, if you didn't want to. And also a few remarks at the breakfast table gave them away, hehe!

@poodragon: Even if I had filmed it, I would of course never put it up on the internet! That would be to betray my friends. I hope you understand that.

*014*2014-05-04 22:46

@ LeeKerr, v007 and Pappy: Lots of warm thanks for your nice words! I get so excited, when people likes what I write!

@ poodragon: Thankyou again!

And to those who've told me to try to get the girls to make a new try to wet themselves, I can tell, that I met Christina two weeks ago, and we had a cup of coffee at a café. Until just before we left the café, we didn't talk about "that" evening, but then she leant towards me and whispered: Vikka, I've been thinking a lot of that night, we were at the pub! You know, when we... ah, you know..." She blushed! "I mean, I think, I kind of liked, what we were doing..." Now she was red as a tomato! "I've been wondering, you're lesbian, but do you think you would... I mean, I would like to..." The poor girl was obviously too shy to come out with what was on her mind. But it didn't took a genious to figure out, what she wished to say! So I decided to help her. "Oh, Christina, do you want to try it again?" And that was exactly, what she wanted! And we decided to meet again... And yesterday we did! Maybe, maybe I'll tell more about it.

