My experiences at work

Author: dg6

*000*2013-12-28 18:00

Just a little back story. I'm a night manager at a local grocery store. Our store is pretty old so we don't have a rest room out in the open like modern buildings. We have two single occupant rest rooms for each sex in the back storage room that are available to customers. Most of the regulars know where they are but every once in a while we get some people who don't know where the toilet is.

Story 1. This one sticks in my mind well. I was working out in the aisles, helping stock product when an attractive girl about my age (late teens-early twenties) came up and to me and asked me if we had a rest room. She was wearing blue sweat pants, a blue t shirt, she had glasses, and long brunette hair. She was hot in the nerd way. I noticed she was doing a pee dance and was trying not to hold herself in front of me. I told her where the rest room was and went back to stocking shelves. I would have loved to have shown her where the toilet was but we were busy at the time. Later in the night when it was almost time to close and I was cleaning the restrooms (mopping the floors, filling TP, changing trash etc.) I had finished the men's room and was starting the women's rest room. I lifted the top of the trash can, and there sitting on top of the wet paper towels was a pair of light blue panties that had been peed. She must had just made it and leaked a lot.

Story 2. I was taking my dinner break. Out breakroom is directly across from the rest rooms. In comes the running Hispanic girl who rushed into the rest room. I didn't think anything of it and continued to eat my food. She was in there for a quite a while but I didn't notice. Next thing I know she exits the the rest room, face beat red, and she is looking at the ground, avoiding eye contact with me. I watch her leave and notice her butt is wet and there is a pee stream down one of her legs. Now my curiosity gets the best of me and I decide to do a quick bathroom inspection. Sure enough, the trash are a drenched pair of white panties with very yellow pee stains in them. Another great night.

Story 3. This is the last one I can remember. I was in the back room talking to my boss when this blond lady wearing a grey sweatshirt and sweat pants rushes in. She tries the ladie's room but it was occupied. She without hesitation then goes into the vacant men's room. My boss didn't seem to notice but I sure did. She was in there for a while. When she came out she hurried away. I was done talking to my boss so I decided to go relieve myself. I went in and there was pee on the floor and all over the seat like she had started to go without getting her pants down in time. Sitting on TOP of the trash can was her soaked panties.

Sorry that the experiences are so brief but I'm not very talented at story telling. Hope you enjoy these as much as I did

*002*2013-12-29 06:55

Yea I'm note sure why they do either. Its one thing if you mess them, then I can see it but pee is just a little wetness. I think a lot of times they are too embarrassed to be seen with a pair of wet panties, or its another reminder of a day they rather forget.

