A wetting accident I Had

Author: tmivelaz

*000*2014-07-27 19:32

So this happened to me a couple months ago. Every night, I always relieve myself before going to bed and I'm usually able to sleep until I get up in the morning and pee. Well, one night, I took care of business before going to bed. After relieving my bladder, I wash my hands and then go get in bed. I'm not one who falls asleep right away. It takes me a little time before I fall asleep. After some time has passed, I've finally fallen into a deep sleep. Next thing is, I'm having a a dream. I'm out at the mall, walking around doing shopping. I'm in one store and it hits me that I have to pee. I find what I'm looking for and pay for it.

After I leave the store, I go to the food court that's near the store to go to the bathroom. I get to the bathroom where I relieve my bladder. With how bad I had to pee, I peed for about 1 minute and a half. As I was peeing in my dream, I started to feel something warm, which was after about the minute and a half pee I had in my dream! I quickly jump out of my bed to come to find out that I had wet myself in my silk bed shorts and half my bed to being really wet. I decided to then just go back to bed in my wet shorts and wet bed :)

*002*2014-08-01 01:50

{{ 

Thanks for sharing, I love male bedwettings :)

}}

I actually liked the warmth of when it first happened ;) but then after getting up to see how big the wet spot was, which there was no avoiding not sleeping in my own pee ;) I just got back in and fell back to sleep :)

