Yet another wetting story :)

Author: EverythingGold

*000*2015-10-30 06:32

Hey hey everyone! My last two stories have gone well appreciated so as promised, here is yet another story from the summer my bathroom got renovated! :D (This one actually took place about two days before the reno began though)

After the last two stories had happened (You can read them on here), I decided I wanted to try something a bit different, something to make me seem less likely to be into omo. My plan was to tell them to do a drunk challenge, but wait until I think of one. Then when they had to pee, I'd say the challenge was to not go to the bathroom all day.

Quick facts: She was 18, about 5'10, and about 100lbs, (pretty skinny but not a stick lol)

It was about 10:00am and a girl I had been talking to for a while came over, as usual I had a 2/6 bottle of liquor ready to go as we were both a fan of alcohol :p After about a 40 minutes of talking over some drinks I noticed she was moving around a bit oddly while we were sitting on the couch. "Does she already have to pee?" I asked myself kind of excitedly, "The sooner the better!" I said to myself.

Although still doubtful. I had a little bit more confidence in omo happening as the past two times I'd had girls over, it had. At about 11:30 she finally asked me. "Hey, where is your bathroom?" I got excited. "Here we go, please let something omo happen today!" I said to myself, but had to play it off for now. "Down the hall n first door on your left!" She got up and as she was just about to walk down the hall I blurted, "Hey wait!" She stopped and asked me, "Can I help you?" with a bit of a giggle. "Yes you can, I just thought of a funny drunk challenge for you!" I said. "Okay! what is it?" she said almost excitedly as she walked back a couple steps in my direction. "You have to hold it all day until you can't hold it anymore." I said with a bit of a chuckle after it. "My pee?" she asked "Yep!" I said with a smile.

"Ugh but I already have to pee so bad!" She said laughing doing a little pee dance, "You can do it! I believe in youu" I said jokingly and she came and sat back down next to me. "Fine, but I expect food" she said with a wink. "Sure! What do you want, wanna order pizza?" She spasmed forward with excitement and said "YES!" Laughing, I said alright, we agreed on a kind of pizza and I called and ordered it for delivery.

It was 12:15 now, I remember cause I looked at the clock to see how long 40 min would be for the pizza. I could see that she had to go pretty badly and she definitely wasn't trying to/couldn't hide it anymore. "Wanna take some shots?" She asked, we were both already pretty drunk but she was a party girl and we both drank often during the summer, so I knew we could handle ourselves. "Is that even a question?" I said as we both laughed "Lets take like, 3!" she said and she got up and walked over to my counter "Yolooo?" I said and followed her to the kitchen.

As she stood at my kitchen counter pouring some shots, she was doing one of the most attractive desperate pee dances I'd ever seen and the best part was, she was intentionally holding it so she wasn't trying to hide it at all. "Here you are ;)" She said seductively as she handed me my full shot glass all the while still dancing about desperately.

We took out shots and put down our shot glasses. "One down ;)" she said as we both looked back into eachother eyes. "2 to go ;)" I said as we grabbed each others waists and kissed for about 15 seconds. after the kiss, she shoved her hands into her crotch as she bend her knees down. "Aggh I have to go peeeeee" She said looking up a the ceiling before looking back at me with a cute little bottom lip frown. "You gotta wait!" I said with a smile "I know!" she said as she rolled her eyes playfully with a giggle.

"Give me your shot glass!" She said, lightly throwing her arm in the direction of my shot glass sitting on the counter. I handed it to her and she began to pour yet another pair of shots, still dancing around, I was enjoying every second of watching her stand there so desperate, she was a thing of beauty. I could feel myself becoming more intoxicated by the second and it was quite obvious that she was as well so after we took our second shots I suggested we put the liquor away. Okay, but let me do something first!" she said and she grabbed the 2/6 and took yet another shot but this time, it was straight from the bottle. I took it from and we both started howling with laughter, we were both probably an 8.5/10 on the drunk scale at this point.

After we finished laughing she crouched. "Ahh, why would I do that? I'm gonna pee my pants" she said jokingly. "If you actually did, that would actually be hilarious!" I said. "Actually?" She said starting to laugh."Actually!" I said, and we both started howling again because of how many times we just said actually. She started to say something, but was interrupted by the door bell. "Pizza!" she said with a giant mouth open smile and I went to the from door to get the pizza. (I'm really good at acting sober when I have to)

She sat down on a stool at my counter and ripped open the pizza box. It was at this point I realized how attractive it was when a girl was extremely desperate while sitting down. We talked while we ate a slice of pizza then she got up urgently. "I really can't hold it anymore, I'm gonna peeeee" she said violently dancing around on the spot. "You have to wait though! Don't wreck the challenge" I said really wanting her to continue holding it. "Ahh I'm straight up gonna pee my pants thoughhh!" she said. "No you wont! just wait" I said praying that she would.

"Okay, but if I seriously pee my pants don't get mad at me, I warned you!" she said with a light giggle and sat back down to eat more pizza.

About three minutes later I got up "Wanna bring the pizza to my room and watch netflix or something? I wanted to lay down to be more comfortable and we were running out of things to talk about. "Okay!" she said and I grabbed the pizza. I started walking to my room and turned around to wait for her to catch up.

Almost immediately after she got up off her stool she put her hands to her crotch, then stood up straight in an awkward position with her legs crossed, then without warning the flood gates opened. She started to pee her yoga pants and looked up at me. "yah, so I'm peeing.." she said with a shy , "I told you I was gonna pee my pants" I was frozen, I didn't expect her to so freely just start peeing, a massive puddle formed underneath her feet and after she finished she lifted one of her legs and I watched as pee was dripping off her sock, and joined the puddle below.

"You actually just peed?! Oh my god!" I said laughing. "What are you gonna do now? Do you have a change of clothes?" I asked pretty knowing the answer. "Ya, cause I totally just bring changes of clothes with me wherever I go.." She said sarcastically. "Whatever, they'll dry! I'm gonna go lay on your bed, I don't care if it gets wet, this is your fault anyways!" and she dashed into my room and jumped onto my bed. (Of course, I didn't mind) ;)

Unfortunately my memory started to fail me here and I can't recall the specifics of what happened after this point :| but we pretty much just made out (and alot more) laying on the bed "watching a movie" however, something very interesting happened after the movie as we were picking another one, and I just so happen to remember this part clear as day ;)

"I have to pee againnn" she said with another lower lip frown. She seemed pretty much okay with it by now even though she didn't know I was into omo. "You still gotta hold it! Your challenge doesn't end till the day does" I said with a laugh. "I knooooww" she said as she started crawling to the end of the bed.

"Where are you going?" I asked still laughing. "I don't even know" she said drunkenly and she fell off my bed. We laughed and then went silent for about 10 seconds.

"Come on, we still gotta pick a movie!" I said laughing and in response all I heard was a soft moan, and before I could say anything else she softly said "I'm peeing againnn" drunkenly. I looked down and sure enough, there she was laying on my bedroom carpet just peeing her pants again. I was in amazement, there she was, peeing all over my house without a care in the world, without me even telling her I like it.

About half way through her pee session, she stood up (still peeing) and pointed at a movie rolling by on the screen with excitement. "That one! I really like that one!" I said "Okay okay! jeez!" with a laugh and she climbed back onto my bed. We did end up watching the movie for about 5 minutes, but then other (more important) activities started to take over.

My memory comes back after yet another movie ended (we "watched" three in total) by now it was about 4:30, and we had both sobered up considerably. Her once gloriously drenched yoga pants were now only barely damp and not noticeably wet anymore and we both decided she should probably head home. We said our "goodbyes" and eventually, she left still wearing her once wet clothes.

Unfortunately that was the first and last time I hungout with this girl, as over the next month or two we started talking less and less. However, I'm never going to forget that day.. Well I guess except the not important parts my drunk mind forgot lol xD.

Hope you guys enjoyed! let me know down below if you want to hear some more stories, as I have quite a few more! :D

*003*2015-11-01 09:27

{{ 

Ahhh ... what an experience!!!

}}

Right?:D

*006*2015-11-02 07:05

{{ 

Geez man, you have the most amazing experiences. The best I've ever had was a girl at school holding it during a test.... and I don't think she was really in danger of losing it.

Share the love man :)

}}

Will do! I honestly don't know how I managed to get so many omo experiences that summer!

{{ 

I keep hearing that some people can start wetting themselves all at once, without visibly leaking first, but I still have a hard time wrapping my head around it.

But seriously, this is so hot.

}}

I don't know if the girl in my story leaked at all.. She could have while she was sitting down? I just didn't see lol but it was very hot indeed ;)

