Friend's High School Accident

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2014-09-07 14:16

One of my friends, "Jared", told me about the time he wet his pants as a freshman, in 2005.

Near the end of the school year, one whole afternoon was devoted to a dress rehearsal of the school play, which all students were required to attend. Jared sat with the rest of his homeroom class, and before long, he realized he needed to pee. He didn't think he would be excused if he asked, and didn't want everyone to know he was desperate, so he just tried to hold it and maintain that all was normal on the outside. By the time the first act ended, and he noticed other students taking advantage of the intermission, he had serious doubts about being able to make it to the boys' room if he tried. So, he stayed in his seat, holding his backpack on his lap. Jared had pretty much resigned himself to the fact he was going to wet his pants, and during the second act, that's just what happened. He was grateful he had on black pants that day, and when the play ended, and school was dismissed, he waited until almost everyone was gone before he got up. No one ever found out he peed his pants.

*003*2014-09-08 12:35

{{ 

Cute story :) I wonder how nobody found out. If he was bursting I'd think he would pee enough for it to run onto the floor and leave puddle and make sound.

}}

He was worried it would make a sound, but apparently no one noticed. The chair was padded, so the pee soaked in, rather than running on the floor.

*006*2014-09-08 14:36

I should mention that Jared told me this story when we were probing the question of whether or not he had a pee fetish... I asked him when he'd last wet his pants, and his reply was "in school". I had assumed he'd meant elementary school, and after he finished his story I told him that lots of kids wet their pants in school back then. Although it had not happened to me, I remembered it happening to other kids. He said: "No, not elementary school...high school." After asking him a few more questions, I told him: "Yeah, you've definitely got a pee fetish, kiddo."

{{ 

Did he say he waited until he just lost control of his bladder or did he just decide to let go at a certain point? Great story!

}}

He waited until he lost control. And, thank you :)

*008*2014-09-09 00:07

{{ 

So is he now into omorashi? :) I wonder how common it is for boys to wet their pants (if they are no into omorashi), after all there seems to be much more stories about females wetting pants than boys. Is it that boys just don't wet so often or that they don't admit...

}}

He's more into pee play than omorashi, like me. He used to have some hot vids on xtube, but he took them down.

