Pee My Pants

Author: sexyy

*000*2010-10-04 16:48

When I was in the fifth grade our class was working on a project where we all participated in painting a large mural on the classroom wall by breaking it into squares and assigning each student a square to fill in. It was early in the morning and I had been working on my part for about ten minutes when I couldn't hold it any longer. I asked my teacher if I might please be excused to use the bathroom. She told me that I could go when I was finished with my square. I insisted, but so did she. So I went back to the wall. My square was near the Apple IIgs at the back of the classroom. A Mexican boy named Leonardo was playing a game.

Minutes later I had to reach to get to the upper right corner of my square. As I did so I also stretched whatever muscle it is that keeps one from peeing one's pants. I remember being panic-sticken. Leonardo looked over and saw the drips coming from my pant leg. He chuckled and went back to his game. By this time I was basically finished with the square, so I asked if I could go to the computer lab where the rest of the class had gone by this time. She allowed me to go.

I had no idea what to do. My pants were soaking wet. Luckily no one could really tell. I hoped against hope that it would dry in the two minutes it took to walk to the computer lab. When I got there I sat down and the breeze had made my wet pants cold. I don't know how he found out, but the teacher's aide, with whom I had built up rapport over the course of the school year, asked me to come outside. I tried to play it off, but he knew what was up. Called the office who called my parents to come and take care of me. I went to the office where I waited outside. I was driven back home where I cleaned up and changed my clothes. Then I was dropped back off at school during lunchtime.

When the class came back in from lunch the teacher told us she had something very important that she wanted to discuss with the class. She then told the story of what had happened. She left out my name, but I knew that at least the teacher's aide and Leonardo knew who she was talking about. Then she told the class that if we ever needed to use the bathroom so bad that we were going to pee our pants that we didn't need permission and that we should just run out of the classroom and get to the bathroom as fast as we can. It was the most embarrassing 15 minutes of my life. I felt like she was talking right to me. I'm sure that almost no one knew what the heck she was talking about, but it didn't help the embarrassment much.

I ended up finishing out the year without any more problems when I asked to go to the bathroom. That was the second to last time in my life that I ever peed my pants.

