1,000th Post - Desperate Journey, There and Back

Author: Gemmy

*000*2013-05-01 16:19

So i noticed the other day i was nearing 1000 posts and decided to write a story for it rather than just have another boring old post :p. I thought about what story i could write and as seen as it is my 1000th post i thought i would share this particular tale....its actually two stories but they are based on the same thing so i put them into one. Over the past two weeks Bea has shared with me tales of her desperate journey home and im sure a lot of you will have read the story she posted. It was these tales of hers and the response she got that lead me to share this story. Reading the responses to her stories made me realize that people are a fan of desperate driving. The story will be written in two parts. Me and y boyfriend went to Scotland last year and Part 1 is about the journey up there and Part 2 is the journey home, i hope you all enjoy :).

Part 1

So part 1 begins on the day we went to Scotland, we were going for a holiday and to spend the week with some of my boyfriends family who live up there. We estimated the journey would take roughly 5 hours with a stop off at Gretna Green services. We got up on the Saturday morning at half 7 and got dressed, had breakfast and packed the car. It was a warm sunny day and i put on a white skirt and red top and white knickers with red hearts on them. After we had packed everything we set off about half 8. As it was a warm day we both had drinks in the car and in the back seat we had a 3 litre bottle of water to keep hydrated.

Immediately into the journey we hit a snag, as we came onto the motorway there were signs saying that ahead between two of the junctions there had been an accident and delays were expected. Luckily my boyfriend is a good navigator and asked me to check the map to find which junction we needed to head onto another motorway to take us West. I asked why and he said rather than get caught up in traffic we could drive towards the west coast on one motorway and then join the one that goes all the way up north. I consulted the map and located where we needed to be and a few junctions later we ended up on another motorway. Now it was an easy drive, head along this motorway until we reached the M6 which would take us just past the Scottish border and then from there we knew the way.

An hour later we were nearing exiting onto the M6, by now it was just after 10:00 and the temperature had climbed and was lovely and warm. Not too warm that it was unconformable but warm enough to make you thirsty. We had both finished our drinks and i felt thirsty so took the bottle off the back seat and filled both cups up with water and as we drove along i kept occasionally drinking. We exited onto the M6 and the Sat Nav told us to continue going straight for 123 miles :p. Going off the average speed we would cross the border in just short of two hours. As we went i kept re filling our cups so we coudl drink and keep cool.

After an hour or so we had just over 60 miles left and i noticed for the first time my bladder rapidly filling, all the water i had drunk had gone straight through me, it was only 5/10 and knew it would take a while before i was at bursting point. I went back to looking at the scenery, now we were nearing scotland we were surrounded by rolling hills and fields, the view was that wonderful i forgot all about my bladder. We reached Gretna grenn services and we both got out, went to the shop, had a stroll to stretch our legs and then went and got back in the car.

As my bladder had gone back to sleep i never thought to use the bathroom, it never crossed my mind. We set off again, now just short of 2 hours from where we were heading, however half an hour in my bladder had woken up again. From the moment i finished the drink i bought in the shop at the services it decided it wanted to make itself known and suddenly it shot from nothing to 7/10, again though i knew it wasn't long before we arrived and i was nowhere near my limit. However half an hour after that i was starting to feel desperate, i had gone up to 9/10 and was wiggling in my seat. I asked my boyfriend how long it would be till we got there and he said about an hour at the most.

Suddenly out of nowhere traffic started to get heavier and we slowed down. We were driving behind a queue of traffic going slow, well slow for that road. The road was full of roundabouts and traffic lights and the queue slowly crawled along the road. I dont know whether it was just being stuck in traffic but suddenly my bladder jumped to 10/10 and i was now busting for a wee. I sat bouncing in my seat, putting my hand up my skirt to press on my wee hole, crossing my legs. I sat doing everything whilst we slowly drove along. I was starting to doubt whether i could hold it, my bladder was bulging and pressing into my skirt adding more pressure. It felt like it was going to pop any moment. 10 minutes of wiggling and grabbing passed and we finally got out of the traffic and back to speed.

By now i was on the verge of wetting myself. I asked my boyfriend if we could stop somewhere, but as he pointed out we were surrounded by fields, there was nowhere to stop. I said i would go at the side of the road but again there was no cover and it was a very busy road so i would be seen by many people. We were only half hour from our destination and i thought i could make it when suddenly my wee hole relaxed and a leak dripped into my knickers. Over the next five minutes i leaked a few more times. I put my hand in my knickers and pushed on my wee hole to try and stop the leaks but as soon as i pressed onto it a spurt escaped, i felt it soak my knickers and drip down round my bum and wet my skirt.

I was dangerously close to losing it and frantically looked round and my eyes fell on the water bottle. I knew i would have to try wee into that, if i didn't i would wet the car and i didn't want that, it was the only thing i had bar the cups but they were too small. I was contemplating whether i could do it when i spurted again and then i knew i had no choice. I grabbed the bottle but to my dismay found it still almost half full. I quickly asked my boyfriend to drink his cup so i could pour into it and he did, all the while i bounced and wiggled, trying desperately to hold back the flood in my bladder. He drank his cup and put it down and i poured into it, the sound of the pouring causing me to spurt again. He drank another cup and i poured into both mine and his. This time however he didn't drink it, he said he couldn't drink anymore. I looked back at the bottle, it was just below half full. It would have to do.

I shuffled to the edge of my seat, pulling my skirt up and moving my knickers to the side. It took all my concentration while i was unscrewing the bottle not to start weeing. As i was unscrewing the bottle i thought i had lost control and started dribbling onto the floor. I managed to stop the dribble and spread my pussy open revealing my quivering wee hole, now it was open and had nothing to stop it it spurted again and again. I quickly stopped it and pushed the bottle neck around my wee hole, pushing it hard to seal off as much as possible. The moment i did my wee hole lost the fight against my bladder and i lost control.

A huge stream gushed into the bottle and i moaned in relief as i felt my bladder empty. Its a good job my boyfriend has good concentration skills otherwise he would have crashed :p. I sat there loving the feeling of my bladder emptying, I then suddenly had a thought, as much as i was enjoying the feeling i had forgotten something. I looked down and saw the bottle rapidly filling....1/4 left....1/3 left....it was filling up fast. I somehow had to stop weeing, otherwise the bottle would overflow. I put all my strength into stopping the stream and with great difficulty managed to slow it down and eventually stop.

Although my bladder hadn't fully emptied at least now i wasnt bursting and could hold the rest of it until we arrived. I put my knickers back into place, feeling the dampness of them and then pulled my skirt down. I picked up the bottle and put the lid back on, it was a good job i managed to stop when i did, the bottle was almost full. It felt lovely and warm in my hands. I put it on the floor and sat back in my seat. 20 minutes later we arrived my boyfriends uncle's house and went inside, i went to the bathroom and finished emptying my bladder. We then unpacked the car and went to our bedroom and unpacked. As i was unpacking i found the bottle in one of our bags and i asked my boyfriend why he had brought it in. He smiled and said "i aint leaving it in the car, someone might see it, and anyway you don't think im going to throw it away do you, its not often i get a bottle full of your pee". I giggled and put it under the bed to be used later on ;).

Part 2

We then spent a lovely week in Scotland and the following Saturday we decided as it was a nice day we would spend another day there and then set off home late afternoon. After a lovely day we made sure we had packed everything up and then set off home. After what happened the week before i made sure to empty my bladder before we left. We set off about half 4 and i said i would drive home as my boyfriend had drove there and drove around all week. Due to the time of day the roads seemed to reasonably quiet and it was a nice drive. Before long we had joined the M6 and was cruising along heading towards home.

After about 2 and a half hours we were almost at the turn off point to take us East and to take us to the motorway that would take us home. My boyfriend had fallen asleep, which i didn't mind as he needs all the sleep he can get and i was happy driving along listening to my iPod. I noticed my bladder filling but like it normally does, at least this time i wasn't drinking loads of water. I exited the M6 and joined the other motorway which we would be on for about an hour.

As i drove along and time passed my bladder slowly filled and by the time we reached the M62 it had risen to 8/10. Although i was desperate i wasn't uncomfortable and it was only an hour or so till we reached our junction....or so i thought. Unfortunately at the moment the M62 is under going major refurbishment and for miles an miles there are roadworks which means at some sections one of the lanes are closed. This meant that the speed limit is reduced and more traffic using only two lanes which results in slower moving traffic. We reached the junction for Leeds and traffic is usually bad round there anyway and between Leeds and a place called Chain Bar the traffic was really heavy and moving very slow. I wasn't too bothered by this, i know the area well and am used to these conditions.

As we slowly made our way along my bladder continued to fill and by the time traffic started getting moving again it had risen to 9/10. I was really desperate but couldn't do anything about it. Once again the roadworks were causing delays and i decided to exit at the next junction and take the A roads home, it would take a longer distance but looking at the speed of the traffic on the motorway it would probably be faster. I exited the motorway and joined the road that would take us from the city we were in to our town. By now i was busting for a wee and at every roundabout and traffic light i came to i wiggled and grabbed myself. I came to a set of traffic lights and to ease the pressure on my bladder i undid my shorts to stop them pressing on my bulge. I stuck my hand down the front of my shorts and rubbed my wee hole. Then the lights changed and i set off again. Every time i had to stop i would resume the rubbing of my wee hole.

Suddenly my bladder shot up to 10 and now i was at bursting point. I wanted nothing more than to cross my legs but whilst driving that is a little hard. Now i had reached 10 i didn't think i would make it home. Even though we were only 15 mins away it felt like my bladder didn't care if it was only 15 minutes and i began slowly leaking into my knickers. I leaked a few times and then suddenly spurted, soaking the front of my knickers. I knew now i wouldn't make it home dry. I didn't want to wet in the car so i knew i had to stop somewhere....and i knew where. I turned off onto a little road that takes you past the big park in town and up into the woods. Just before the road goes off through the woods it goes through a ford (place where river crossed the road). I drove down and pulled up by the ford. My intention was to go under the public footpath bridge.

As i went to get out i noticed a couple walking their dog, through the park. I didn't want to get out while they were there as it would look weird if they saw me get out my car and go down some banking under a bridge. I sat in my seat wiggling with my hand in my knickers rubbing my wee hole, watching them walking along as without a care in the world. If only they knew i was on the verge of exploding into my knickers waiting for them to hurry up. To my dismay they came out of the park and headed down towards where we were parked. I urged them to hurry up, my legs crossed tightly with my hand trapped between them squeezing my poor wee hole.

It didn't help either i was parked next to a fast flowing river. The sound was almost killing me. As they crossed over the bridge and headed towards the car i pulled my hand out and put my shirt over my open shorts. Without my hand there i spurted and urged them to hurry up and walk past. As soon as they walked past and round the corner and i jammed my hand back into my knickers and got out of the car. I stood at my car crossing and bobbing with my hand on my wee hole, desperately trying to keep control for a few more seconds.

I hobbled over to the bridge and went down behind the bridge and looked round, I couldn't see anyone so pulled down my shorts and knickers and spread my legs, releasing a powerful stream into the water below. It felt so nice to finally wee. As i stood there peeing i heard voices. I looked over the bridge and saw two people walking their dogs. They were walking towards where i was. I managed to stop weeing and quickly pulled my knickers and shorts up. I was still absolutely busting for a wee. I moved back and went into the bushes. I needed to wee so bad but i couldnt until they had gone. They would hear me if i did. I stood in the bushes, dancing like crazy, spurting into my knickers.

I could feel it running down my legs. If they didnt hurry up i was going to wet myself. I watched as they walked over the bridge and round the corner. The moment they left my knickers and shorts came down and i resumed my stream. I moaned out as i let it all go. After what seemed like forever i stopped peeing. I pulled my knickers and shorts back up and went and sat back in the car. I was so horny, the thought i had nearly being caught, the thought i had nearly wet myself. So many thoughts circling in my head, adding wetness to my already damp knickers.

I set off again and arrived home about 10 minutes later. I pulled into the driveway and parked up. I woke my boyfriend up and told him we were home. It then became apparent he had to pee too. Needless to say i took that opportunity gladly and we had a lot of fun that night ;)

FIN

Well i hope you all enjoyed my 1,000th post. I certainly enjoyed writing it, especially as all the way through ive been busting for a wee and insanely horny ;). Let me know what you guys think...

Love Gemmy xxxx

*007*2013-05-02 15:20

{{ 

Fantastic 1000th post and thank you for sharing the story in such excellent detail,. Where did you stay in Scotland?

}}

Thanks hun :D....we stayed in a place called Kirkcudbright, on the South coast, about 30 miles South West of Dumfries

