Supermarket Sightings

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-02-05 13:49

I have worked for supermarkest for almost 43 years, so I have a numerous desperation and a few wetting sightings. I plan to post them here.

One of the first: An attractive brunet girl about 19 wearing jean shorts came in and was holding herself, crossing her legs tightly and bending forward and begged me to let her use the restroom. She said she had to pee real badly. I said ok,  but as it was locked, for security purposes, I would have to get her the key.

She was in such a hurry she didn’t hear the last part and dashed off to the ladies room .I got the key and followed her, but was too late. When she got to the restroom door and, realized the door was locked she couldn’t hold it any longer, a big spurt of pee wetting her crouch. By the time I got back there with the key she had pulled down her shorts, squatted down and was peeing on the floor right in front of me. He face was red with embarrassment .She apologized profusely saying she was unable to hold it any longer and that she had started wetting herself. I could see that was true by the wet spot in the crouch and partly down her leg of her shorts. If she ever knew how much I enjoyed that....

PS Why am I having such an issue with the text wrap?

*004*2013-02-06 18:15

SUPERMARKET SIGHTINGS PART 2 :THE LATE NIGHT SHOPPERS.

The grocery store I worked in at the time was open all night. About 1:30 AM a young couple, in their twenties, came in and split up to quickly gather the items they needed. In addition to stocking the shelves, part of my duties was to run the cash register when the infrequent customer came in late at night. I also had to keep an eye on them to discourage shoplifting. As I looked down the aisle the female was in, I noticed she was standing with her legs tightly crossed as she examined a box of cereal. This could be interesting, I thought, although standing cross-legged is not an absolute sign of desperation. I returned to the front of the store. She came up front a few minutes later and said “I have to go to the bathroom real bad “!

I looked up and she was standing hunched over, legs tightly crossed her hand buried in her crouch. She ran down the aisle bent over at the waist. That surely got my full attention! Without being too obvious followed her partway down the aisle.

From my vantage point I could see her around the corner at the back of the store.

She again was standing stock still, bent forward legs crossed, both hands holding her crouch. I thought: She is peeing in her pants, which caused a stirring in my loins! A few minutes later she returned to the front of the store with her boyfriend to pay for their purchases. Being that it was winter the upper part of her pants was hidden by her coat; so I could not see the wet spot that had to be there. She said to her boyfriend “I have to pee badly”. He asked her if she wanted to go here, but she responded no I can wait. He asked her a second time, same response. She no longer showed any signs of desperation. 

They left the store so I never knew the outcome; did she make it home without any further peeing in her pants. My imagination says she was doing a pee pee dance for him as he unlocked the car door.

My Omorashi mind wondered if they had been out, and she had been holding it for a long time in order to pee in her pants for him However, misjudged the time it would take to travel and shop, thus she had a little accident wetting at least her panties if not the crouch of her pants. If not that perhaps part of the thrill for them was to let me see part of the show. In any event I certainly enjoyed it. I always wonder how and where, she peed for him.

*006*2013-02-12 10:08

Deliberate Female Public Wetter?

In the very early morning hours a young female came into the supermarket. Hearing the door open,

I walked up front to assist her. She quickly jumped up on the register counter and sat there with her legs crossed. This was way before the internet,and deliberate public desperation and wetting was not something I had thought of, so I thought this was very odd. fShe askedor a pack of cigarettes. I went to get them for her and she got off the counter. As I cashed her out she was a bit of doing a pee-pee dance, but not holding herself . As she turned to leave, she said “I have to pee sooo bad.” That got my attention.

I turned to look just as a small wet spot in her crouch rapidly spread o wide streaks of pee spreading, across her butt and, down both her legs, and onto the floor. She must have been holding it for a long time , because in addition to soaking her jeans , she left a big puddle of pee on the floor . That is one mess I did not mind cleaning up; inhaling the sweat aroma of her fresh pee as I did. At the time I assumed she just had to pee badly, which is why she sat on the register counter with her legs crossed, but she was too shy to ask for the restroom. Since then I have been educated on the subject, and wonder if she did it on purpose.

If so I, hope she enjoyed it as much as I did.

Now As side note to my readers. I really appreciate you taking the time to read my posts, and want to make them as readable as possible. You probably noticed on most of my posts there are strange line breaks in my sentences. I have already been dinged by admin for this, and I fully understand their point, and wish to comply with the rules. The problem is I don’t understand what I am doing wrong . The way the text posts is not the way I write it. My spelling is atrocious so I write everything first in MS Word 2010, and then copy it the posting box. It usually appears there with some lines only having a few words.

It looks even worse in the preview. So, I cut and paste a few words at a time so that it looks correct in the box, which is time consuming and frustrating. However, when I preview ,have/post it looks better but still has strange unwanted line breaks. I don’t this issue elsewhere. Any ideas as to how I can fix this will be appreciated. The text here fills the box edge to edge ,I hope it appears that way when I post it, but there has to be a better way.

*007*2013-02-12 10:22

GRRR! I still have some random line breaks! I did a simple copy /paste from MS Word , of this same story, to three other pee web sites I am a member of , without any further editing, and it looks fine. I do not understand !Please help.

