No-Warning Wetting Accident

Author: mastersnothing

*000*2015-07-09 07:20

This is a true story, posted by permission from my Master. I am the girl in the story...I just have a flare for fancy story telling. --

I have never been ashamed of the life I've happily chosen to lead. Sure, my path may be skewed or completely out of the cultural norm, but I've found solace in my pleasure and happiness in my lifestyle. However, my story is a little bit different -- even by "taboo" standards -- you see, I am 98% piss incontinent and 100% owned and bred at all times; I sit here 5 months pregnant, enjoying my water, with a damp diaper hugging my ass. Don't mistake, however - the journey was a long one -- but the outcome was something so incredibly amazing that, even now, I have trouble describing adequately.

Still, as Julie Andrews sang: Let's start at the very beginning, a very good place to start.

My First No-Warning Wetting:

My Master is a loving, caring man; a Man I trust with every breath in my lungs - and when He started regressing my potty training - I worked hard with fervor and excitement to please Him...but, I couldn't seem to make it work and disappointment started to creep into my heart. Still, Master was certain that I would be fully incontinent soon and all of my hard work would finally put a smile on my face.

So, on the morning of June 12, 2010 - Master woke me up early and handed me a very long, soft maxi dress. Of course I was grateful and impressed with His taste in clothing, so I hurried to dress and put on a diaper (I was not allowed to sleep with one on), but Master stopped me and smiled softly: "No," He'd whispered sweetly and gently took the diaper from my hand. "Today," He continued, "you're only allowed the dress. No bra. No panties, and definitely no diaper. We have some grocery shopping to do," He noted and gave me a tap of His fingertip on my nipple...a sign that I was to hurry.

Nervous, I did as Master told me, of course, and with nothing but the dress on, I padded downstairs to find my flip flops (I love those things). Rounding the corner from the kitchen into the den Master held three bottles of cold water and nodded towards the door. So I followed Master to the car and buckled into the backseat as I had always been instructed.

"We're going to Wal-Mart two towns over," Master coo'd, handing me the three bottles of water, "that should give you plenty of time to finish these."

Without question I took the bottles He gave me and eagerly began to drink. The cold of the water felt good, even in the southern heat, and I was very grateful Master was keeping me hydrated.

"I want them all gone before I put the car into park, Nothing." (Nothing is the name He gave me for private moments)

"Yes, sir," I nodded, with a happy grin and gulped down the first with ease before opening the second. Half-way through the second bottle, I felt a tightness in my abdomen -- but attributed it to me drinking water too quickly and immediately dismissed the feeling; I had plenty of time to slow down my drinking just a bit, before we got to the Wal-Mart two towns over.

It was about 20 minutes later that I sat, bloated, and tired in the backseat when Master put the car into park. When He turned to see three empty bottles He smiled brightly and came around to open my door (child-locks are always on). "That's My nothing," Master praised and kissed me sweetly before offering His hand to help me out of the car.

Walking through the doors I felt completely exposed: would Master let me find a restroom if I needed to pee? Would someone notice I didn't have anything on underneath? However, for all my concerns, it didn't matter -- I always did what Master told me.

So, holding my hand, Master and I started to walk up and down the aisle, wondering what to buy for dinner (please understand that even though He is my Master - we are still very much in love and I am no unwilling slave).

"What do you want, tonight, Anna?" Master asked me - always making my heart flutter when He used my given name.

"You know I'm always in the mood for steak, Sir," I answered when He laughed heartily at my response.

"That you are, Anna -- that you are."

Tapping the little bell for the butcher, I stood next to Master and didn't look at the man - as I've always been instructed...instead, when Master is speaking - my eyes must always be on HIM, in public. Master dictated what meat He wanted cut and just as the butcher left to fulfill the order, I felt the first trickle of warmth spreading down my inner thighs.

"Oh!" I blushed and turned into Master so I could shove my hand up against my piss hole...I was so embarassed without a diaper on and quickly turned my head just enough to see if there was any on the floor.

"Move your hand," Master quickly ordered in a low, undeniable tone; I would NEVER question that tone. However, even though this had been the goal from day one, I was still fighting back the tears.

"Y-yes Sir," I stammered and when I moved my hand, the flood gates burst open - warmth spread over my thighs, soaking my dress and the floor beneath me - as the tears welled up and spilled down my cheeks.

"Mommy!" I heard a little boy shout - and I could almost feel him pointing at me as he exclaimed: "That lady's peeing her pants," to which the mother responded by hurrying him away.

Master looked down at me as my stream kept coming - and me, powerless to stop it. "Why are you crying, Anna?" He asked, concern in His voice. "We talked about this," He quickly reminded me - and my tears stopped almost instantly and I raised my head to look at Master when the butcher returned...thank GOD, he didn't ask any questions.

Soon we walked away like nothing happened and I found myself wetting three times before we left the store -- each time I had no warning - and was unable to stop it.

An hour later, Master put the groceries in the trunk and I sat in the back seat - my dress soaked as my pussy started to dribble a bit more piss, without warning. There was no feeling anymore -- at all -- it just came out, I was realizing, when it wanted to...I suddenly became aware that I might never have that feeling ever again.

"You were beautiful in there, Nothing...do you know that?" Master praised and I swear I'd never seen Him look so happy. "Just know the backseat is yours -- so don't worry about any accidents -- looks like you won't be able to stop them even if you had them now."

On the way to our house, two towns over, I thought about the steak Master would grill as a small puddle formed beneath my ass, without warning and when we arrived home, it was clear that the regression had been a success.

IF you liked the story, let me know and I'll tell you some more!

If you don't...that's okay too.

Go easy on me.

*003*2015-07-09 18:15

Thank you!

I will tell you, it was absolutely terrifying for the first month. I spend the first 30 days feeling isolated and embarrassed - even in Master's home. There were a lot of tears and begging Sir to help me gain the control back, but his answer was and would be today (if I hadn't embraced it): "Do not ask again, Nothing."

Master is ALWAYS very gracious and kind to His nothing - he gently talked me and guided me through what I was born to do: submit. Sure enough, after a little over 30 days - I realized I NEVER wanted control back.

*005*2015-07-09 19:08

Thank You!

I've grown to LOVE the loss of my warning system...now I just get excited when I feel the warmth. I especially love waking up in a cooled puddle. I pee a lot more right now because I'm pregnant, so Master has lovingly banished me to the extra bedroom. Lol.

*008*2015-07-11 03:31

{{ 

I'm glad you enjoy a wet bed, that's the one thing I can't stand. O.o

Do you think you might have to gain control back as the baby grows up?

}}

I know a lot of people who don't like the aspect of wetting the bed and waking up to realize you'd laid in it all night long, but - I'm nearly completely incontinent and Master doesn't let me sleep clothed or diapered, so -- it's just something I learned to accept and eventually love.

Master and I have spoke about how He will change my status once the baby is born; He has asked me if I want to train again, but I told Master I would like to have a trial period to see how I handle both aspects of having our new baby and keeping up our lifestyle. Of course, Master will have me wearing diapers once the baby is old enough to notice anything (if I choose to continue without retraining).

Master knows that I want nothing more than to keep our baby safe, loved, and free from judgement for our actions - Master has told me He will be watching me very closely for any signs of distress, as He is worried I'll continue, even if it's not what I want, because it makes Him happy.

*010*2015-07-11 04:03

{{ 

I want a woman like you, mastersnothing... So bad... You have no idea....

}}

What a great compliment! Of course, I'm not sure I deserve it.

Master's just behind me on His computer and He said He'll get to work on His cloning machine. LOL

