Girl peed her pants while playing Slender

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-04-12 21:15

Well. It's been awhile.

This happend last friday. Your humble narrator had his girfriend over. Now first thing I should tell you about my girlfriend. She is easily scared. You can probably see where I was going with this. So as usual, she turns down my offers of food and I get her a drink. We make out for about 30 mins before my mum knocked on the door (Seriously). Luckily I'm the greatest human alive and managed to get rid of her without her knowing my girlfriend was in the house. LIKE A BOSS. Now I knew there would be do interuptions. I could now do what I do, and scare the heck out of my girl.

I'd been planning this for awhile. I downloaded quite a few horror games specifically for this occasion. We started off playing a game based of "The Rake" (Don't google it.) This game even freaked me out, I can only imagine what it did to her. Before we continue I should probably tell you the seating. I originally had two chairs in my room, but I managed to knock the entire back rest of one of them, so I'm left with only one. While doing this, I got my hand stuck between a screw attaching the chair to the backrest and had my hand badly slashed. I had a bandage over it and it hurt like a "CENSORED" when I moved it. So. I had her sat on my knee, with her controling my movement (W,A,S,D) and me using the mouse to look around.

After she'd been utterly terrified by "The Rake", I decided to take us onto "Slender: The Arrival" (Great game btw). I knew my girl hated Slenderman and was scared shitless (or pissless in this case) by him. She claimed she'd gotten over her fear by playing an Ipod app. I decided to test it. "Next up we got....Slender: The Arrival...can you hack it?" I said. "It can't be that bad." She replied in a cocky manner. I grinned as I pressed the icon and brought it up. I quickly put us onto the scarier of the three levels I'd unlocked. Level 3. (I personally hate this level.)

As the level begun we see our character stuck in a clearance near some woods. It's daytime so she presumed she'd be fine. Quickly the music and tension began to take it's effect. At this point I noticed she was shaking a bit and kept rubbing further down onto my crotch. "She is tottally rubbing my boner right now" I thought. Why this was quite a nice postion, she quickly noticed and said "Can you move your hand?". -Insert awkward moment of me explaining it's not my hand-.

We reached a dark, scary looking entrance. For some reason the sun light stopped just before the entrance. The only light in the darkness was coming from a single flashlight held by our character. I could feel her tense as she began to get scared and smirked as I relised just how right I was. She wasen't over her fear of Slenderman, but I'd be damned if I was gonna let her stop now. We continued further into the concrete fortress as we were finally given our objective "Find the 6 generators". The first was easy to find. The second was just as easy and she seemed to be getting calmer and more determined to get through. Now, I'd already test played this level, so I knew what was coming up. Me being the evil one I am, decided to distract her a little. I quickly placed my hand under her shirt and onto her breast. I started to massage it as she got further into the level. She stopped playing when she started to get turned on, and turned around to kiss me. Then, we heard footsteps.

She peeked up as the footsteps got closer and louder. I noticed as look of terror as I sneaked my hand down to the mouse and turned the character around. Wham! She screamed as our character was leaped upon by a man in a hood and mask. She turned around and hugged me, nesteling into my chest. I then felt the top of my left leg getting wet. The wetness made it's way further down into my crotch, pooling on the chair. "Erm...hun. I think I might of-" I began to stammer, believing it was me who was causing this warm feeling. She rose her head and looked into my eyes. I saw a look of confusion as it dawned upon her what just happend. I snuck my hand around to her crotch and felt her damn jeans as urine continued to spurt out. She suddenly looked down and saw what was happening. "Oh god! I'm peeing".

She stood and I got a good luck at the damage. On the top of her pants there was litte to no signs. Only a baseball sized patch inbetween her legs. I told her to turn around and she obliged, still dazed as to what happend. I saw that on her butt, the wetness had spread around, covering her lower ass and the top of her thighs. I looked to mine and saw just how much was on mine. This was to much for me to handle and a quietly came in my pants. She looked to me when she saw what was happening. "Did you just-" She began. "No, I just caught my toe on the chair wheel. Anyway, lets clean you up. You can borrow a pair of my jea-" I stammered. She quickly shook her head. "No, it's fine. I'll tie my jacket around my waist.".

"Oh are you going?" I began. Dissapointed that I didn't get to feel her ass. "I'd better, hadn't I?". I walked over and gave her a kiss and a hug, placing my hands on her ass to push her closer to my face (There's quite a height differnce between us). Luckily she was occupied with kissing me, to notice me massaging the wet material. "Oh my god this is heaven" I thought. We spent about 10 mins kissing, with me placing my hands on differnt locations on her body(Mainly the ass). I led her downstairs as she tied her jacket around her waist, covering the wet patch. After one last kiss she left. I was left standing at the door. In a pair of wet jeans with a boner.

