1st time in ages

Author: helen123

*000*2015-03-13 21:17

This is my 1st post here to place bare with me.

I am 27 now, when i was in my teens i played about with holding. at that time i never new there was a name for it or any sites to share this with. today was the 1st time since i was a teen that i decided to have a holding challenge to myself, i have previously always been a lurker. anyway here is today's story.

So today at about 10am i decided that i would start my holing challenge i was maybe at that time at about 2/10 i have drank about 1 liter of soda and had filled up another liter of water in a jug and a glass full of water. i sat ready waiting, on this site reading stories at i went. by the end of the 1st hour i had drank all my water and read quite a few stories getting rather existed. i was about a good 6/10 but this time i started to fidget about occasionally holding myself. i went and got some more water and settled down to read some more and drink all my water. a lot of fidgeting and holding later i decided to move into the bathroom for easier clean up. bringing the laptop and some towels. i squirmed about a lot reading and drinking a little more water. i knelled on the floor with 3 towels under me and a father tight pair of jeans. deciding to get ready for my clean up i started to run a bath witch made me go right to a solid 9/10. fidgeting a lot and my hand firmly crammed into my pee hole, still reading with the water running full blast i squirted a little in to my panties. there was no leak onto my jeans at this point. about 5 mins later i had another leak this time a little bigger, i have a golf ball shaped wet patch at my crotch. i managed to regain control but not for long this time a i started to leak more and a small stream came out. i tried my hardest to stop it but there was no hope it got faster and stronger. i sat there for a good min before it stopped. i then sat in my wet jeans and the 3 wet towels until my bath was run.

After my bath i got dressed in just panties and a vest top i sat for an hour or so not paying much attention watching tv rather happy with myself with my 1st wetting in ages when the urge came on me very fast and i had t run to the bathroom, i leaked a little on the way. i decided why not, and got into the bath and let loose for the second time today. feeling very turned on this time i started to rub myself and after what felt like 2 seconds i came and a little more pee came out guess i was not finished.....

I have found that for the rest of today i have been hypersensitive and all fluid i just running though me. not wet myself again though as company is here now :(

