It seems I got a bit drunk tonight...

Author: vikka

*000*2013-04-29 00:20

Ok, I'm a bit drunk right now. Two of my friends have just driven me home from the pub we honoured with our presence tonight. They've left me with this friendly exhortation:

"The first thing you'll do now is to have a proper shower! The second thing is: Go right to bed after the shower! The third thing is: Don't go up again before the morning!" Then they left me.

But I don't want to go to bed. I'm as fit as a fiddle! Why not tell you how it was that the girls drove me home? It was like this, and I don't have a clue why they made such a fuzz about it:

Well, Britt, Ellie and I were spending the evening at a pub in Uppsala. There we met a lot of fun people. And very generous too; I didn't have to pay for a single beer, and perhaps I had a few. Or more. Anyway, after a couple of hours, I stood up from my chair, I really don't remember why I did it but that's what I did. Maybe I shouldn't have done it so fast. I took a step or two and somehow I stumbled, in doing which I fell. Britt came to my help and got me on my feet again. Of course her help wasn't needed, I was totally capable of taking care of myself. But it was nice of her anyway.

"Let me go now", I said. So she did and the next thing was that I bumped in to the stomach of this two metres (or more) guy. I really don't know where he came from. I almost fell again but the giant grabbed me and very politely admitted that it was his fault:

"Excuse me, it was entirely my fault! I hope you didn't hurt yourself?"

I assured him that I was ok and he went on. By then I'd forgotten why I'd left the table, why I returned and sat down again.

But from reasons unknown to me Britt and Ellie stood up and grabbed an arm of mine each and made me stand up again.

"It's time we leave now", Ellie said. "Maybe you've got enough to drink now!"

I protested vigorously but they didn't listen and dragged me with them. Outside the pub they ran across some guys they knew. I kept on going and I've to admit that I wasn't quite steady on my feet.

When I'd walked a bit, I came to a narrow alley from which I heard a voice:

"Shit! Too late..." I looked around the corner and saw a girl who'd pulled up her skirt and was peeing, very forcefully, through her panties. Obviously she hadn't had enough time to pull down her panties.

"Good idea", I thought to myself and went up beside her. "I really have to pee!"

Like her I pulled up my skirt, parted my legs and began immediately to pee in my pink cotton panties. Holy shit! I didn't know I needed it so much! Never had my interpretation of the Niagara Falls been so convincing!

I turned my head to the girl and said:

"Oh, this was just brilliantly nice, don't you think?"

She nodded. Her Niagara-Falls-interpretation wasn't bad either, I had to admit. Looking at her and feeling my pee constantly hitting my clit turned me on and naturally I had to play with my pussy, while my pee streamed between my fingers. The girl stared at me so I gave her a big, friendly smile.

Suddenly I got a fantastic orgasm, and I moaned and laughed at the same time. I'd difficulties to keep my balance and had to lean my back against the house wall behind me. At that moment Britt and Ellie came around the corner.

"Vikka!" They yelled in chorus and ran up to me and again they dragged me away. Really, I was beginning to get tired of their continually inclination for dragging me this evening. And then it was the fact that I was still peeing. They should show some consideration and let me finish peeing. I thought. But they didn't and there was probably a trail of pee after me.

"Vikka! Are you mad!" Yelled Britt in my left ear. "Wetting yourself and masturbating in the middle of the town!"

"Anyone could have seen you!" Yelled Ellie in my right ear.

"But it was only that girl there and she was peeing and when I saw it, I felt that I had to pee too", I tried to explain. "What's wrong with that?"

"We saw you and so could anyone else", Ellie snapped out.

"But no one else did and you two have seen me wetting myself and masturbating before! And you've done it yourselves..."

The arguing continued the whole way to Britt's car. On the way to my cottage I fell asleep and when we were there they had some difficulties to wake me up.

Now I feel very sleepy again and I think I'll skip the shower and go right to bed. It's so nice to sleep in wet panties... Btw. they're freshly wet. I've peed myself twice while I was writing this. Somewhat sticky though, because I've also had some more orgasms... Hehe!

*002*2013-04-29 11:58

Hi, big sister, and thankyou very much :) It always pleases me to get you excited :p !

But when I read my story this morning and remembered my behaviour last night, I got so embarrassed ! What shall I say, when I meet Britt and Ellie next time? What will they say? And worst... I've this awful feeling that I wetted myself again in Britt's car on the way home... I'm not quite sure but I have a vague memory I did. I think I'll go to bed and sleep for a week and hope everything is forgotten then...

