Soaking Wet Day: Bladder Paid me Back

Author: themerger

*000*2015-05-26 13:19

Hey everybody!

As I mentioned in my recently added video to the Amateur Wetting section, I have had the house to myself for the last 5 days. Thus I have dedicated lots of time to having a variety of 'accidents' around the house, and around town since I can come home soaked without any ramifications.

Yesterday I wet myself three times; once on purpose, the other two are well...debatable.

I took my dog out hiking; Being Memorial Day here in the US, there were surprisingly few people on the trails. I began at the foot of this giant hill and made sure I was supremely hydrated before ascending. As I continued up the hill I passed by a family Geocaching on my way to the summit and began to think that there may be families around the summit. I began second guessing my idea, as I was now feeling very desperate but will urged me on.

Upon reaching the top, it was completely barren; just my dog, myself and an incredible view over a large river, winding it's way through the Earth, speckled with little islands. I decided that in this bucolic moment I would soak my athletic shorts. I LOVE squatting and wetting as it reduces (slightly) the damage done to the front of your pants while also spreading wet warmth under the crotch and posterior (which doesn't happen naturally for us guys, ladies, when we stand to wet). It felt absolutely amazing!, gazing upon nature in it's glory, basking in the sun and soaking my pants.

On my way back down the hill, I crossed paths with another family who looked down to admire my dog since admittedly he's incredibly cute. Luckily the dri-fit material of the shorts I was wearing didn't flaunt my accident (I had also dried out a bit by this point) but certainly did not do anything to hide it. No one remarked, nor do I think were perturbed (hey it could've just been a lot of sweat...right?)

###

Upon arriving home I laid out my wet shorts and underwear to dry and got a call from a friend and his wife about hanging at their place. I went over to their house, drank a couple beers, talked politics, music, films and obscure sexual preferences. They are swingers and are incredibly open minded about sexual exploration, though I have yet to muster the courage to bluntly admit my love for omorashi.

I spent about 4 hours there and had already pissed twice but as I was getting ready to go, I struggled desperately to maintain control of my bladder. As I walked to the end of their driveway I sincerely could do nothing to hold it any longer. Of course I could've whipped it out and peed but I thought: "What the heck?" It was dark in a very quiet suburban neighborhood so I just let it flow into my pants at the end of their driveway. Pee gushed torrentially into my slim-fitting jeans, without the inhibition of underwear. I've found recently that removing underwear from the equation makes it easier to wet down both legs, so both legs glistened with a glossy sheen. I barely had time to kick off my flip-flops before getting absolutely soaked!

Luckily no one drove by or I would've been discovered very quickly. Urine had soaked both my legs, even curving around to the backs of them. I stripped off my wet pants behind a tree and put on a bathing suit that I had fortuitously brought with me, and drove home.

###

Before going to bed I decided to play one more game with myself. I had to take my dog Bailey out for one last pee, and seeing as I had been drinking lots of water and exhausting my bladder from a day of holding, I thought of a great task: I had a RedBox movie to return, just under a mile from my house. I challenged myself to wittingly go out in public (albeit, late-at-night) with a brimming bladder, return the movie and make it home without wetting myself. I was determined upon leaving my house that I would make it; it wasn't that far right? I got about halfway there before realizing that I wasn't going to make it there. My bladder was throbbing painfully, clearly fed-up with the rigorous exercise all day. I saw a police officer drove by, as they normally my neighborhood, and began to get nervous that I was going to wet myself and instigate an interrogation! I began walking quickly back to my house.

Of course Bailey wanted to sniff and pee on EVERYTHING between our position and the house. Each time he tried to stop I doubled-over and grabbed myself in order to regain to composure. I was getting a little frantic honestly; I had woefully underestimated how desperate I was! About three blocks from the house, Bailey stopped suddenly and pulled me back a bit to try and chase a rabbit in my neighbor's yard. This sudden jerking motion made me pee unintentionally. This was serious! I pulled back and got Bailey back on track. That loss of pee left a stain about the size of a mug's circumference. I started dribbling steadily, slowly but enough that two more blocks seemed impossible!

Up ahead a car was coming my direction. I strategically positioned the RedBox movie in my hand so that the stain was covered. I was still leaking little by little and the last block proved to be too much and I let some strong spurts out. Had any cars driven past, I never could've hidden the damage. I was wetting myself in public and couldn't stop! I hobbled quickly to my backyard, and as soon as my feet hit the grass the dam burst! My jeans were soaked all around both legs and both shoes were completely filled with warm urine. I had to dump them out before I continued onto the patio and stripped off my sopping wet jeans.

My bladder was still spasming a bit and even today feels a little sore. I am going to take it easy on the wettings today, though it is my last day with the house to myself ;)

Thanks for letting me share y'all!

Cheers

