Actual Desperation Story, Recent

Author: MagicMike123

*000*2015-02-16 05:54

Actual Desperation Story #1 While Skyping

I decided at 12:00 am I would do a hold. Before, I had had lemonade, juice and water, totaling in at around 4-5 glasses. I called up my friends on Skype so we could game.

I soon felt the urge to pee. I kept filling up on drinks and finally stopped, filling my bladder up beyond its current maximum capacity. I decided to video chat with them, and that would be the challenge. None of them actually knew I was doing a hold or even liked omorashi to begin with.

I sat down with my legs folded on my office chair. I had the camera on so it was important not to show signs of extreme desperation. I peed a little bit, releasing several small spurts that resulted in the front of my underwear becoming wet.

I later than decided to fix my underwear, I got up and pulled them up a tad more. I could feel the wetness on the back of my legs from my wet underwear. I sat back down in a position where my knees were touching my chest, leaving my groin area exposed. I tried my best to stay still, but that made me pee, a lot. I dripped on to the chair. I ended up running to the bathroom to avoid destroying my nice leather office chair.

I did experiment with very light bondage. I tied a rope around my waist and stomach to increase the pressure on my bladder during the hold. In my eyes it was a short, but successful hold, and the best part, a very pleasurable one.

If you guys have any similar experiences, feel free to tell me in the comments! Thank you for reading this!

