Indian Food Poisoning with Girlfriend and Sister

Author: Ranganath

*000*2016-02-18 16:42

I had gone with my girlfriend Aankita and her sister Tanya to Madurai on a vacation type thing. In case you don't know, Madurai is a really really cheap and kind of undeveloped city.

So yeah: then one day for dinner, as we were getting tired of the food being prepared by the cook in the house, we decided to go out in search of a place to eat. Aankita donned a kurti, and Tanya a long knee-length floral white skirt, ( can still remember too clearly :P)

By the time we left it was around 8:30 and by the time we found a stall, a very run-down yet still plying stall, it was almost 9.

We ordered 3 Chicken Kuththu Paratha and some buttermilk. The entire thing came up to only 60 rupees!

Having finished we returned back, and somewhere along the halfway mark back to the house, it hit us (me at least).

It started as a slight pain in the lower abdomen, sort of like a cramp, but coupled with nausea and really strong ures for the bathroom. Aankita was still acting relatively normal but Tanya was visibly affected, trying to walk as quickly as possible, all the mean while keeping her sphincter clenched tightly and her ass clenched.

When we finally reached the room, Aankita, showing visible signs of desperation, ignored our pleas, and ran into the indian style commode and shut the door.

As by this point of time it was around 10, 10:30, there was nobody awake nearby for us to ask for a toilet.

So, for almost 20 minutes Tanya and I paced around the room, we didn't really make eye contact or talk; both really embarrassed as neither of us knew the other that well.

We tried a countless number of times to get Aankita out of the bathroom but to no avail, the tatti splatter in the toilet bowl, and the sound of her vomiting,was all that we got back.

Eventually, we both (Tanya and I), had accidents.

As I was wearing light blue jeans, nothing was that visible, (although it was still pretty noticeable as she noticed and actually told me not to worry).

Tanya on the other end, as she was wearing a skirt, suffered the brunt. When she lost it, I could hear, smell, and see her facial expressions slowly change to those of shock, as a thin brown line of liquid ran down one leg.

We both hobbled around awkwardly and when the toilet finally opened I dashed in, anxious for my girlfriend not to see me like this. The bathroom was disgusting and stank. Tanya was banging on the door pretty much the majority of the time I was in there.

In conclusion, though it was really unpleasant and humiliating at the time, the sightings remain greatly appreciable ! :)

