Wetsuits are for wetting, right?

Author: maxpee

*000*2015-10-02 12:50

Last month I was travelling through Australia with a friend. One day we went snorkeling in the Great Barrier Reef.

At 9am we took a boat that would bring us to a pontoon in the Great Barrier Reef. On the pontoon all the passengers could go diving, snorkeling, sunbathing, have lunch in buffet-style, take a helicopter flight, etc. The sun was shining on our faces, wind in our hair, we were living the dream! The boattrip itself took longer than we thought, about one hour and a half. My friend and I had never done snorkeling before, so we signed up for an introduction.

The introduction started at 11am, so when the boat arrived, we quickly grabbed a wetsuit and changed our clothes. By that time I already felt I had to pee a little, but we didn't have any more time to go to the toilet, because the introduction was about to start. We went into the water with 3 other people and an instructor. The introduction took about half an hour. When we got out of the water my friend immediatly told me she had to pee. ‘Yeah, me too’, I said. I was actually already pretty desperate by then and had leaked a little when we were in the water. So we went looking for the bathroom, still wearing our wetsuit. We found two toilets on the boat.

The first one was vacant, the other one was occupied. I quickly headed to the first toilet, assuming my friend would take the second toilet when it became vacant again. When I closed the door, I started jumping up and down. The sight of release made me feel my bladder even more! I pulled the zipper (which was on the front side of the wetsuit), still dancing and bouncing up and down in front of the toilet. I managed to open the zipper and wanted to start undoing the wetsuit, but I just didn’t succeed. For some reason I wasn’t able to undo the wetsuit from my shoulders, no matter how hard I pushed and pulled. I was already considering just peeing on the ground with my wetsuit still on.

But I figured that wouldn’t be a good idea, because then the toiletfloor would be all wet. Maybe peeing on the toilet with my wetsuit was a better idea? But then I thought the pee would just stay in the wetsuit and would come out at the bottom of the wetsuit like a waterfall the second I would stand up, with ofcourse the same effect like option number one. My next idea was to just go outside and ask someone to help me undo my wetsuit. But I figured my friend would already be in the other toilet stall by now and I was too shy to ask a stranger. So the only thing left to do was to hold it and pee in the water when we went snorkeling again. I pulled it together and opened the door.

I came out of the toilet stall and to my surprise I was my friend still standing in front of the toilet. I asked her if she already went, which she denied and she told me she wanted to use the same toilet. If I had known that, I easily could’ve asked her. But my decision was made: I was gonna hold it.

The next two hours were pure torture, yet very exciting. After my friend came out of the toilet stall, we went walking around on the pontoon. The upper deck had chairs for sunbathing and my friend went up there. I had no other choice then following her and having a seat, even though I wanted to keep moving to prevent from leaking. When I took a seat next to her, I felt my bladder hurting. Little drips of pee forced their way out, right into the wetsuit. I tried remaining calm and not showing I had to pee so urgently. After a few drips the leaking stopped. After a few minutes we stood up again and went looking to the other people snorkeling. I felt I was leaking again, so I decided to let a little pee out. It felt really great, because the wetsuit kept the warm urine inside for a while and then slowly dripped down my legs.

At 12.15 the buffet started. Soon everyone started queuing up. We had to wait quite a while until we reached the table with food. While we were waiting in line, I wasn’t able to stand still. I tried moving around in a subtle way. I really didn’t want anyone to suspect I was really desperate, especially not my friend. I just pretended to look at all the other people and constantly turned around. Every now and then I peed a little, sometimes by accident, sometimes to take some pressure off my bladder. The little leaks prevented me from fully wetting. So that’s what I also did the entire time we were eating.

By 13.00 we finally ended our lunch and decided to go back into the water. I was so releaved, because the spurts of pee were getting bigger and I had a hard time holding it without letting it show. By then, my friend had already taken her wetsuit off and was walking around in her bikini, so she had to put her wetsuit on again and take all her snorkeling gear. Normally she’s a really slow person and she takes her time for everything, which ofcourse I didn’t really like at that moment. I really pushed her to hurry and started taking the snorkeling gear in her place while she put her wetsuit on. The thought of release made it almost impossible to stand still and I started hopping around a little bit, trying to convince my friend I was just excited to go snorkeling on our own for the first time.

We went into the water, into a little platform where we could put our flippers on our feet. The moment I sat down to do so, I started peeing uncontrollably for about 10 seconds. I felt my body curling and I managed to hold it again. I didn’t take the time to wait for my friend. I just jumped into the water, swimmed off as fast as I could until I saw all people were a good few metres away from me and then finally let everything go. I felt the urine filling up my wetsuit again and then slowly sipping away into the ocean, which was a weird but nice feeling. God, I was so releaved.

I felt naughty and good, knowing I had peed my wetsuit. When we had to change and take the boat back to the city, I asked my friend to help me undo the wetsuit. When I was in the changeroom, I held the wetsuit between my legs and peed on it again, oops. Then I handed it in. They gave it a quick rinse and that was it, nobody knew what I had done :D

*002*2015-10-02 15:41

You should definitly do so, it's a great experience :D

