Cheerleader Desperate

Author: Archivekitten

*000*2013-12-07 19:49

It was another boing day in Spanish class. Honestly if I didn’t want to be bilingual so damned bad I wouldn’t even take Spanish.

However there is one upside to it. Right in front of me sits a cheerleader. Her build is fantastic, perky breasts and a round supple ass… Long legs and a slim waist. All with a sun kissed tan by the way. I’d do a lot to see her in nothing but her shoes and a pair of damp white cotton panties. I nearly lost it when she dropped her pen. I think she noticed me staring at her though because she knew better than to flash her underwear at me as she bent to pick it up.

She sat back in her chair and I was a little sad I couldn’t stare at her legs right under that short little skirt anymore. I swear that thing hardly covers her butt. I sadly might have been drooling. I tried not to let anyone notice my perverseness but it’s not like everyone else wasn’t having their own little peep show. For the most part guys dominate my Spanish class and on my side of the room there is only two other girls.

So anyway as the class went on it became apparent to me that this cheerleader had forgotten something very important during her break. There is one downside to being as fit as her. There simply isn’t as much room for you to hold it when you need to. It was quite apparent because of the way she crossed her legs and squirmed in her seat. She continued taking notes but eventually the hand she wasn’t using for that snuck down to help hold back the flood.

Class was nearly over and I was a little sad that I might not get to see her wet. That was until I noticed something dripping off the back of her chair. She was leaking. I was mesmerized. Someone on the other side of the room raised their hand I was to enthralled to tell exactly what they were asking about that was until I finally heard the cheerleader confess. You see only one person is allowed to use that bathroom at a time in my class hence why this outburst even occurred. “Please I can’t hold it in!” Her hand was raised and I hadn’t even noticed..

Needless to say the rule was broken there and both were allowed to go but that didn’t mean I didn’t watch her leave the classroom with rapt interest. No one else noticed but a little bit of pee dribbled down her leg and she made her way out the door.

