Uh-Oh....

Author: l0v3ly

*000*2012-05-20 06:10

Now that I started driving I finally had the opportunity to get myself some diapers that actually fit! So the other day I stopped by the store and picked up some Underjams cause I've heard good things about them and they were also on sale. I wet one the first day I got them without any leaks. It was extremely absorbant...it didn't even feel like I had wet it much at all, though in reality I had peed a lot into it. Just now I was wearing one of my new diapers for the 2nd time while laying in bed reading some wetting stories here, as well as watching some wetting videos and texting my sub. 

I wasn't much planning on wetting tonight to be honest, I just wanted to wear my diapie :). But I hadn't peed since early morning and was soon too lazy to get up. I was nowhere near desperate but all the stuff was making me aroused and I figured why not just wet my diapie? I decided to make it more fun by only letting out a little at a time. It worked for a while, and then I started getting desperate because I had not finished and I starting leaking unvoluntarily a little at a time into my diapie.

Eventually the leaks stopped though I still needed to pee and I just decided to let it all out. It felt wonderful. I peed a whole lot into my diapie. I could feel it getting soaked with pee. However, what I couldn't feel was that (maybe just cause I was laying down) i also leaked onto my bed....and not just a little, like a HUGE puddle. and by the time I realized this, I was still peeing full force and could feel my pee leaking out the top of my diapie and up my back and pillows. 

The second I stopped I peeled the diapie off and put it in my trash. This REALLY sucked cause I love just sitting around in a wet diaper and playing with it for as long as I can, but I was nervous as fuck. From my ankles, up most of my back, and even the ends of my hair are drenched in pee as well as my bed. Currently I'm laying in my puddle still and my heart is pounding. I'm really torn here because this whole leak thing has me so aroused (I don't find it gross. I'm extremtly turned on right now) but I'm also scared because I live with my parents and don't really have a way to wash my bed sheets and such. I'm also really hoping neither of my parents decide to come peek in on me tonight O__O

*002*2012-05-20 06:32

You are the smartest person I've ever met O_O thank you. So much

*004*2012-05-20 07:26

I dont like peeing in the shower. Defeats the purpose to me, but I've done it. My biggest issue is hiding my wet clothes from my parents until they're gone for a long enough time to where I can do my own laundry without them knowing. My parents are super nazis and whenever I do my own laundry when they're home they think I'm trying to hide something like slutty underwear or something. I'm 18 -_-

