Laziness and curiosity inspire some fun

Author: Jarvis Langley

*000*2013-04-27 23:32

Well, figured it's about time I shared an experience here. No clothes were harmed, but didn't use a toilet either, so I figure it still counts. This just happened earlier.

I'd been wanting to measure how much I could hold for awhile now, and it occurred to me that 500mL bottles would be pretty good for measuring with. I've kind of always liked using bottles for some reason, too. Not sure why...I guess because there seems something naughty about it? Also been ill with some sort of cold/flu and drinking tons because of it, which was making me pee like crazy, so figured this was as good a time as any since it wouldn't take long!

Most of the day I'd been just going whenever it got really bad, though I kept considering this plan. I had plenty of them around since I was drinking so much water while too tired and lazy to clean up the empty bottles, but I wasn't sure I was ready to actually try it. I'm usually not very adventurous, after all – I'm terribly pee-shy – but as I was hanging out in the IRC in the evening with a distinct need for the loo and little motive to get up, the idea became inescapably appealing. I decided I was going to give it a go...pun not intended.

Krayzee was also in the IRC and also holding, so I decided to try outlasting him even though I knew I had no chance – he was doing a long hold while I was super-hydrated. Competitive spirit is a great motivator, though, and I love a challenge. It was already starting to hurt some when I challenged him, since I was filling up so fast from all the water and soda I'd been going through, but it was still the completely enjoyable variety. I was getting quite squirmy and fidgety as well. Nearly everyone else in the chat was idle, so it was mostly just him and me talking increasingly about how we needed to pee, which was making me laugh and making it rather worse.

Bea showed up about two hours later, and by then I was really desperate. I couldn't quite sit still at all anymore, even though I kept getting bladder twinges every time I shifted in my seat. There was no way I'd give in easily now though – the contest now had an amused audience, and Krayzee seemed to be starting to have trouble. We joked around back and forth about how the other was going to lose, and Bea chimed in with how much she could hold for me to try to beat it (1.7 litres). This was proving to be a lot of fun.

The next hour and fifteen minutes (or thereabouts) were madness. I felt nearly bursting and was singularly focused on the need to pee, shaking and rocking and constantly wriggling about in search of a better sitting position. I had a hyper-aware sensation of the volume and weight of how much I was holding, which was even more apparent whenever I moved. Much of the time I was typing one-handed on account of needing to grab and squeeze to deal with the pressure. It probably didn't help that I'd kept drinking water the whole time, but I was too thirsty not to.

At one point during that time I was dared to try to stand up. The attempt made me glad I wasn't actually going to have to walk to the bathroom when I was done, since it was something of a struggle to stand and I ended up sitting back down right away, but I was still holding despite it. My bladder was starting to cramp up, and I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer, but the competition appeared to be close enough to keep trying.

Though I was stubbornly trying to last, I did end up giving in first, but felt I'd given it my best. Frustratingly (and as I thought I would) I locked up at first on account of the unusual situation I was trying to let go in, and I thought I might have to give up on it and just use the toilet instead of the bottles since I was rather in agony, but I managed it and miraculously didn't make a mess either. I felt it was nonetheless worth the trouble when I'd finally finished with that – I ended up filling over 3 1/2 of them, so at least 1.75 litres. I'd managed to top Bea's measurement, and I was bizarrely satisfied with this.

I don't know if I was at my best on account of being unwell, but it was still definitely a fun experience. Don't know how interesting it is to read, but I wanted to share regardless!

*002*2013-04-29 01:17

An update with something related – I just had an idea for a more accurate way to do this, still using disposable containers like this to avoid dirtying a measuring cup. Measuring out 100mL increments of water and pouring them into the container, then marking a line for the water level each time. Then you have something that'd be accurate within 1/10th of a litre and reasonably easy to guess within 1/20th, and it'd work with any size container. Figured I'd mention this in case anybody is reading this and wanting a way to measure, and I'm gonna try it sometime.

{{ 

You'll have to do another with me sometime xD

}}

Also, totally! :D

