How I started HD Wetting

Author: TVGuy

*000*2014-03-28 19:50

As I am sure most of you know by now, I run the website HD Wetting. A pay site featuring now hundreds of exclusive videos of girls peeing in their pants.

I've never been terribly secret about how or why I started HD Wetting, but I have never told the full story either. So this is the complete story of how HD Wetting got started.

For those of you who are just interested about the part where girls pee in their pants, skip ahead. For anyone else who is interested in the background of HD Wetting, keep reading.

###

I have always had extreme issues with self esteem and self worth. For a good portion of the time I was in high school and college I was suicidal. Even when I wasn't suicidal, I was very depressed. No part of me could comprehend in any way that I could be worth anything to anyone. The way I saw myself, there was nothing I had to offer the world. Nothing I had to offer any potential friends. Anytime anyone showed the slightest interest in spending time with me, I figured they were doing it out of pity, not because they were actually interested in being my friend. In my view, the world just barely tolerated me. Everyone I knew I would be better off without me around.

By the time I got to my last year of college I still had never had a girlfriend. I was still a virgin. There was a girl I liked in high school. She was the only one I could imagine being with, but as I couldn't imagine how she could ever be into me I never let her know how I felt. After high school she got married, but I still wasn't interested in anyone else.

As I approached my college graduation, I was afraid I would graduate having never had a girlfriend or having had sex. I didn't have a job lined up, so once I graduated I was going to have to move back home for a bit. Going into my final year of college I decided I was going to make it my mission to loose my virginity before the end of the year.

My strategy for doing this was simple- The internet. At the time Yahoo had a vast number of heavily populated chat rooms organized into different categories. I spent all my free time in the local chat rooms on Yahoo, chatting with local girls. Most girls found me a downer because I was so depressed. I can't really blame them. All I talked about was how depressed I was, how my dream girl was now married to this other guy, how I had never even kissed a girl before.

It was 2:00am and I was online chatting. The girl I was talking to couldn't believe that I was about to graduate college and hadn't even kissed a girl. She asked if I was super fat and ugly, in my mind I was, but I sent her a pic anyway.

"You're cute," she said in the message.

I figured she must just be trying to boost my self esteem. I knew I wasn't cute.

"Not cute enough for you to want to have sex with," I wrote back.

"I never said that," she replied, "I would totally have sex with you."

"Ya right," I said.

"Where are you right now?" she asked.

I gave her my address. She lived about five miles away, but had a car. She wanted to meet somewhere public first, even though it was 2:30am, so we met at my school. I just walked as I didn't have a car, but the school was less than a mile from my apartment.

She showed up at the school. She had long, straight black hair. She looked thin, but not anorexic. It was hard to tell too much as she was wearing a heavy black coat.

"You are even cuter in person than in your picture," she said.

We walked back to my apartment together. I didn't seriously figure she would want to have sex with me, but we talked about all sorts of stuff.

My apartment was a one room studio. It didn't even have a kitchen, just a sink and a place to put a microwave. My only furnishings were my bed, my computer desk, and of course my computer.

My computer was the only thing I had pride in, so once we got back to my apartment I started showing it off to her. She was sitting on my bed as I was demonstrating the real time 3D modeling software on my computer, which I felt was very impressive.

When I turned around to see her reaction to a particularly impressive piece of real time 3D performance I saw her sitting there, on my bed, paying attention. Only now completely topless. She smiled at me.

I had never seen a girl topless before. I mean I had seen pictures online, but nothing in person.

I'm not going to go into a whole lot of details here as this is a story about how HD Wetting got started, but we did end up having sex. Afterwards, laying in bed together, I asked her if she had any fetishes. She said she was into bondage. She asked if I was into anything kinky. I had never told anyone about my pee fetish before, but I had just had sex with this girl, so I told her.

"That's really gross," she said.

"I know, I'm sorry," was all I could think of to say to her.

She started to get up and get dressed.

"You don't have to go," I said, "You can stay the night."

"I have to get home," she said, "Plus the pee thing is really weird. I don't want to be woken up by you peeing the bed or anything."

I promised her I wasn't going to do that, but she didn't care. She was freaked out by the pee thing and wanted to get out of there.

We stayed in touch online for a while afterwards, but never met again in person.

================================

Some months later, just before I graduated, I met another girl online. She had just turned 18 and was still in high school. We talked for a long time online before we ever met in person. When we did finally meet in person, we went out and did stuff together, it wasn't just about having sex.

When it came to sex though, wow! She was very horny. Almost every time we got together we ended up sneaking off somewhere to have sex.

I was still living with my parents at this point, and she was in college with three room mates, but I had a part time minimum wage job as a television production assistant. Working in TV was my dream job, and now I had a bit of money.

For the first time I really felt like someone cared about me. This girl really made me feel special, like she actually wanted to be with me. She wasn't just hanging out with me because she had pity on me, but was genuinely into me. I had never felt like that before.

Still, I didn't tell her about my pee fetish. I was terrified if I did everything would fall apart. I remembered what happened when I told that other girl, and I didn't want that to happen again.

Plus, this new girl, even though she didn't know about my fetish, was still plenty interesting in that department. She frequently would talk about having to pee, needing to tinkle, having dribbled in her pants, doing potty dances. I was very content just to enjoy this without sharing my fetish with her.

My part time production assistant job became a full time video editing job. We got a small, trashy, one bedroom apartment together and started making plans for our future.

Everything wasn't all that great though. Money was really tight for us. My girlfriend loved shopping and was horrible at managing money. She just kept getting more and more credit cards to support her shopping habits. She also started to express frustration with how little I was making at the TV station. She pointed out that I could go work for the nearby supermarket and make more money and have better hours.

She had also become aware that I had some kind of a fetish. I don't remember how it came up, but she now knew that I was into something that I didn't want to tell her. Of course this just motivated her to try and find out more and more what it was.

In an attempt to earn some extra money and ease our financial situation we maxed out a couple credit cards to by a professional, standard definition camera. The plan was to do wedding videos. We did a few wedding videos with it, made some extra money, but not enough to really cover the investment of that camera.

Then, out of no where a huge opportunity landed on my lap. Toyota needed a video produced for internal corporate use. It was a huge gig and a huge client. I submitted a bit for a huge amount, expecting I would be rejected. To my surprise Toyota accepted my bid and I got the gig. The shoot took five days, but once it was complete I walked away with $10,000.

My girlfriend and I now had a disagreement. For some time I had my eye on the JVC HD-110 camera. This was my dream video camera- A fully professional high definition camera. For $10,000 I could get this camera, a light kit, a pro-tripod, and some microphones. I was sure with this camera I would be able to get many more gigs like the Toyota one. Making $10,000 in a week could become routine.

My girlfriend felt that there was no promise we would ever get a payout like this again. She wanted to use the $10,000 to pay off a few credit cards and cover the cost of our wedding.

Finally we came to an agreement- I would use the $10,000 to get this camera, but she would take over the management of our finances. I would hand over my paychecks to her from now on.

I was happy about ordering the camera, and she was happy about getting to manage the finances. This way there would be no disagreement for what to spend our money on.

================================

We had sex that night. Just as I was about to have an orgasm she stopped.

"Tell me what your fetish is," she demanded.

I really didn't want to tell her. But I was so close to finishing.

"Tell me what your fetish is," she said again, "or you don't get to cum."

"I sighed, "Pee. I like pee."

She was surprised. I could tell this wasn't want she expected.

"Oh," she said, "Like you want me to pee on you?"

"No, not that," I said reluctantly, "I like it when girls pee in their pants."

"Okay," she said in a very apprehensive tone.

We kept having sex then. I finished. We fell asleep.

Over the next several days the topic of my fetish didn't come up again. Previously, before she knew what my fetish was, she has promised that she would indulge me in my fetish, whatever it was, if I would just tell her. Having told her now, she made no indication that she was willing to do it for me. And I was fine with that. I was just happy she didn't leave me because of it.

Neither one of us brought up my fetish until the following week. I came home from work at the TV station, exhausted. As soon as I opened the door she was standing there, legs crossed, bouncing up and down, hands pressed into her crotch.

"Its about damn time!" she shouted, then uncrossed her legs and moved her hands away. Standing there she completely flooded her jeans.

I didn't know what to say.

"Sorry I didn't do this when you first told me," she said, "I just didn't know if I could make myself do it on purpose so I've been practicing."

"Practicing?" I asked.

"Yeah, for the last week," she said, "While you've been at work I've been trying to get comfortable with doing it."

================================

Despite her wililngness to pee in her pants for me, she never really did it unless I asked. Even then she often didn't want to. I felt bad asking because she really wasn't that into it. On the occasions she would go ahead and do it for me, it always seemed like a huge chore to her. It turned me on, but she was never sexually excited after doing it. Eventually I stopped asking.

There was also tension in our relationship at this point. She was making it increasingly clear that I was not making enough money. That she got into the relationship with me because she knew I would be able to provide for her, but that is not what was happening.

I would then bring up that we would have more money if she stopped spending so much on worthless junk. Of course that always would start a huge argument. Usually I would then have to apologize and promise that I would find some way to bring in more money.

Another issue was that the $10,000 camera we invested in wasn't making us any money.

Sex really wasn't happening anymore. Our schedule were so opposite that we barely saw each other. When we did see each other we would fight about money, or she would just go out with her friends spending even more. Of course it was my fault she would spend more money because I was the one driving her to go out and do this.

I was becoming sexually frustrated. I wanted something besides masturbation. I wanted to see a girl wet her pants in person again, not just pictures online.

I became aware of a new website, clips4sale.

This gave me an idea.

Excitedly I explained the plan to my girlfriend, it would be the solution to all our problems. I believed our relationship would be fixed if I could just bring in more money and clips4sale was how I would do it.

"There are no pee fetish websites," I explained to her, "That offer videos in high definition. With our camera we could shoot pants wetting videos in high definition. No one else is offering that. With clips4sale all we have to do is upload, the process the payments and handle running the website and everything."

At this point I was so used to us fighting about everything I didn't expect her to agree. On the contrary, she thought it was a great idea.

We turned to Craigslist and posted an ad to try to find a couple models for these videos. We had some disagreement on how much to pay them. I figured we were going to make money off of these girls, we needed to compensate them as much as we could. As much as I could come up with was $60 a piece. I figured if I pay each girl $60 for just one video where all they have to do is pee once, we might get some interest.

My girlfriend felt $60 was way too much. Her believe was that any girl who was willing to pee her pants on camera for a stranger for $60 would also do it for $20 and there was no reason we should spend more. We ended up splitting the difference and offering $40.

Soon my girfriend had told all her friends. This was something I wanted to keep secret and didn't want anyone to know about. My girfriend however relished in the idea that we were about to become wealthy fetish pornographers. My girlfriend's friends all thought this was fantastic as well. One even offered up her back yard as the location to film these videos.

================================

Almost as soon as the ad went up on Craigslist I got a couple responses. Two girls, Haydee, 18, and Mikki, 20, were interested. We set the time and location. A few days later it was time for the shoot.

I was nervous. I didn't know if the girls would actually show up, but they did.

I had them do some paperwork which I had researched was necessary to stay completely legal with everything. One of the girls, Haydee, expressed that she really needed to go. She had been drinking a lot in anticipation of the video and needed to let it out now.

It was one of the strangest shoots I had done so far. Completely different from anything we had done at the TV station. There were no lights, not even a microphone. There was no action of any kind. I was just going to shoot her from different angles, record a close up of her peeing, then upload the video.

I had Haydee do some poses outside, almost like still photography, only I was recording video. I shot various wide shots, medium shots, close ups. I felt like I needed to do something else, but couldn't think of anything, so I told her she could go ahead and pee. She didn't have any problems with it. Almost immediately her jeans got wet and pee trickles started flowing down her legs.

After she finished peeing I shot some more video of her in her wet jeans. Once I couldn't think of anything else to shoot she went inside and Mikki came out.

I had Mikki stand in a different location in the yard and did the same thing. I shot some video of Mikki posing for the camera, and then had her pee. After she peed I shot some more video.

After that I packed up the camera and went inside the house where the girls were chatting with my girlfriend. I paid them $40 each and they both said they would love to do more videos sometime.

When I shot the videos I had no microphone plugged in to the camera. The videos felt empty with absolutely no sound, so I used some free music on them. I put some titles on the videos, rendered them out as HD WMV files, and uploaded them.

We made just over $200 on clips4sale. That might not seem like a lot, but when cash was so tight for us that $200 was huge. It also proved that money could be made in pee videos, we just needed to scale it up.

Soon we had scheduled more shoots with Haydee and Mikki and were uploading videos on a regular basis to clips4sale. The money we earned really helped relieve the pressure on our relationship. Plus I got to watch girls pee their pants, which was pretty nice.

As clips4sale grew they started taking a bigger and bigger cut of the profits. After a while I started investigating starting my own membership site. I had taken some HTML classes in high school. Six months after posting the first clips4sale video HDwetting.com went online.

You can download those first two videos I shot with Mikki and Haydee here

.

*014*2014-03-29 22:31

{{:

That is really interesting. It's also cool to me to hear about a pee fetish making someone's life better.

}}

Starting HD Wetting didn't totally fix things for us.

Yes, it did help relieve some financial stress putting the videos on clips4sale. As clips4sale grew, we had more and more competing producers, so we had to upload more and more videos to get the same number of sales, but spend more making more videos. Cips4sale was also taking an ever increasing amount.

Starting the membership site didn't solve things. It actually made things worse. I thought starting our own site would result in a more stable income, and more customers. As a result the same customers who bought our stuff on clips4sale joined, but not really anyone else. We made more money from them buying individual clips. It was three years of running HD Wetting before we ever truly broke even.

{{:

When I saw how long this story was, I clicked on the back button; but then I came back and read the whole story and I'm glad I did! Thanks for sharing this, that is just fantastic. I have been a member of HDwetting since 2008. Keep it up!

}}

Thanks for being a member so long. Wow. Just, thank you a lot!

{{:

Great story, thanks for sharing it. It makes me want to see if I can get girls in my area to pee for $40. It's always been a fantasy of mine to start a wetting website, but with all of the "sharing" that happens now, I'm afraid it would be a non-profit venture.

}}

After hiring Haydee and Mikki for $40 and getting such a response right away I thought finding models would be easy. I think I really lucked out with Haydee and Mikki. After that finding any other models was incredibly difficult.

{{:

That is interesting, thanks Man, well done. I often wondered how one would go about getting models, like who weren't porn pros. I wonder if craigslist still does that kind of thing.

And the punchline question, did it finally pay for the camera?

}}

I had to stop using craigslist to find models after they shut down their adult section. Attempts to post ads for models only resulted in my ads being flagged. I tried some modeling sites and had a bit of luck there before they started cracking down on porn specific modeling jobs. Mostly now I rely on Backpage.com.... but I have to spend a lot of money running ads and get very little response.

Yes, the camera did finally get paid off. But only after my girlfriend and I broke up. I had wanted to do other things with HD Wetting, redesign the site, hire more models, increase the frequency of updates, do bigger shoots, all things which I felt were necessary. She was very much against me putting anything else into the site since it hadn't done so well. Once we broke up I was free to start making all those changes. Those changes did help and for the first time HD Wetting saw an actual profit. Once the camera was paid off I ended up selling it and upgrading to the JVC HM700, a newer version of the HD110.

My mainstream video business has also picked up quite a bit, to the point where I no longer needed to work for a TV station. I now have several cameras that I can use, depending on what the right camera for the job is.

*019*2014-03-30 19:49

{{:

Oof... TV Guy, I really like you, and think you're an amazing person for taking ideas and Dreams and making them you're own, but I also kind of feel bad for you.

I hope your relationship is great now that there's steady money, but your story makes your girlfriend seem very entitled, and the relationship toxic. I know from experience how controlled you can be and how heartbreaking loss can be. I just hope your relationship is better, and if this is truly how your girlfriend is, that she's willing yo seek help for spending habits and being more supportive of herself. She should love you because she wants to love you, not because she needs you. Just looking out for you, man.

}}

Thank you for such a thoughtful reply Runsy.

I ended up not staying with that girl. We eventually split up. Even though making a bit more money helped for a while, soon she found ways to spend that and we needed even more money. No matter how much more I was able to make, it was only a temporary fix until she wanted even more. I continued to believe that there was some magic number that if I could be earning that much everything would be fixed.

We got a house, we got engaged, we even underwent genetic testing to make sure any children we would have would be healthy. We booked a venue for our wedding and started planning everything. A few weeks before our wedding she ended up walking out on me.

I was very devastated for a while. Pretty soon though I started to realize maybe things weren't bad. Yes, I had spent seven years of my life trying to build a future with this girl. But now without her in my life I had no one constantly telling me what to do. If i wanted to watch TV, I could watch TV. If I wanted to play a video game, I could play a video game. If I was tired after work I could come home, no one telling me to hang out because her friends were over and she didn't want to be bothered.

I was able to focus my efforts on improving both HD Wetting, starting HD Diapers, and growing my mainstream business. Eventually I found a new girlfriend who actually supports me.

*023*2014-04-04 00:07

{{:

What got you interested in starting up HD diapers? That seems like a strech from HD wetting. Any issues with the models doing that?

}}

Around the time HD Wetting first went online as its own stand alone website, not just a clips4sale store, we started shooting some diaper videos. I ran out of ideas for new wetting videos after shooting about 20 of them. Luckily people who were buying the videos started sending in their own ideas for what they would like to see. Some of the earliest requests were for videos involving diapers.

The first diaper video we tried I just published to HD Wetting. You can still find it on HD Wetting here

. After publishing that video though it became clear that not everyone who was a member appreciated diapers. Back then the site was only being updated three or four times a month (now the site is updated 3-4 times a week). Users felt ripped off when they joined a wetting site and one of the few updates was of a diaper video.

Within four months of HD Wetting being online I was already planning a diaper site. We shot a lot of videos to get it started. Unfortunately it was around that time I suffered a catastrophic hard drive failure. All the content on the site was backed up, but I didn't have a backup for all the diaper videos. Having lost all those videos was discouraging enough that I postponed starting HD Diapers for a while.

I focused on growing HD Wetting and making it better. As anyone who has been a member since the beginning could tell you, the site has come a very long way in terms of its content, design, and technology. Just the combination of running HD Wetting, running a mainstream video production business, working full time, and trying to maintain my relationship just made starting yet another site very difficult.

It was only after my fiance left me and I really wanted to fill my time with work to keep focused on something else that I started working on HD Diapers seriously. Even though it had been in the back of my mind and always something I had intended to do eventually, it took not having a relationship anymore and the need to fill any free time I might have with something else to get it started.

