Fun Wetting Experience

Author: diaperpeeftw

*000*2013-05-15 08:21

First If you have seen Some of my other posts I'm sorry for not being to active also this might be a bit to sexual for some just a heads up.

So it was a normal winter day it was cold and there was snow on the ground. the trees glistening in a spectacular show of sparkles, just like a painting. during this particular winter day I was really "bored" and I really wanted to have some "fun" so I called up my special friend. now really quick this is the same friend form most of my other story's so ya just throwing that out there. now after I called her she immediately came to my house. we talked a BS'ed for awhile and then we started getting down to business. I started sarcastically asking

You know why I wanted you to come over right?

Nooooooo. She replied playfully.

We were just watching TV and chatting till then. after that little smart ass "no" that's when I started to get "assertive". I got really close to her and started gently rubbing her leg and working my way up closer to her pussy. As I looked at her I noticed how exited she really was. she was just sitting there, with a big grin on her face blushing slightly and looking a bit nervous she was wearing really and I mean REALLY tight jeans and a black tank top. As I started to get more "playful" she laied down on the couch were I promptly got over here and reached under her shit to get a hand full of her breasts.

I slowly removed her bra, and gently rubbed her nipples. From there I began to squeeze her Giant wounder full "temperpedic" boobs. I then got closer, put my chest against hers and began just to feel her hole body. I slowly removed her wounder fully tight jeans and began to rub here warm thighs I made my way up to the crotch of her black laced pink cotton panties. I noticed they were wet and not the normal kind of wet. then I looked over at her jeans and noticed how extremely wet the were. I asked did you cum.

No

Did you.... pee?

Maybe a little

(now I will clarify she does no I like omorashi and has wet for me before)

Oh you dirty girl, you know how much I like that.

Yep!

I then began to rub and finger her shaved pussy through her pee and pussy juice soaked panties. I then slid them to the side, and began to finger her good. she yelled and moaned and groaned as I hit her G-spot just right. she began to cum, and yelled

Oh my it feels so good and so wired down there, keep going its like nothing I've felt before.

At this point she was grinding that air. and squizing what I looked like were her bladder was and just kept yelling. she then yelled

I'm gonna PEE!

She then moaned and let out a big YES! I could feel her pussy tighten. I promptly removed my fingers as giant gushes Of warm hot pee squirted out of her . she then crabbed her panties and pulled them back over her pussy and held her crotch as war hot pee gushed through her panties and then trough her fingers. Lucky the pee got all over the floor and not the couch. I said

Wow that was fun, you really had to go didn't you.

Yepers!, but theirs one problem...

Whats that?

I didn't finish peeing.

What!?

Yep. I really still need to go, can you help me?

She crouched over the already big puddle of pee, I then began to squeeze her still very full bladder till she finally burst and just peed nice and slowly through her panties. I was rubbing her wet pussy all the while as she went. after that we cleaned up and she went home.

Not that I need to say but we did mess around a bit after that.

Well I hoped you enjoyed reading about it as much as I did living it. I know it really sexual but I still hope you all liked it nonetheless.

