A Bad Walk Home

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2015-07-02 16:11

I just wanted to share a dumb thing I did when I was in like first or second grade.

One day after school, I realized maybe I drank too much water that day, and had to go to the bathroom pretty badly. I didn't like the school bathrooms, so I decided, badly, to hold it until I got home. What I forgot about though was that the bus ride home was a good maybe 20 minutes. So there I was. Doing my best to hold it until I got home. But the whole way the pressure was increasing. By the halfway mark it got so bad that every time we hit a pothole, I had to struggle to keep from wetting myself.

After what seemed like an eternity of agony, the bus finally stopped at the place close to my house where I got off. It was the home stretch, but by that point I was full to bursting. Every step I took down the road sent shockwaves all through me, and, by default, painful urges through my bladder. I decided to resort to the old stance I saw people do when they had to go really bad. I stuck my hands between my legs, and grabbed myself through my underwear as hard as I could. I then continued to shuffle down the road in that position. I remember being worried someone would see me going down the road like that and stare. I started looking around paranoid from this one thought. 

As I looked around, I paid such little attention to the road I walked down every day of my life at that point that my clumsy feet walked off the road into the rain ditch on the side of the road. I felt my ankle twist painfully as I fell to my knees, followed shortly after by the feeling of warm liquid seeping into my briefs as I lost control and had a bladder leak. My face burned with embarrassment with the thought that I just peed my pants. I looked down and was relieved to see my pants were still dry. I only leaked enough to make my underwear wet. It didn't soak through. I knew if I didn't get home soon, my pants wouldn't be dry for much longer. So I slowly got up again. I did it carelessly enough to make my bladder spasm again, and I felt a few more drops leak out of me, and re-wet my damp, already growing chilly, underwear. I managed once again, somehow to avoid totally wetting my pants, and continued on.

After what felt like a hundred years, but was actually only a few minutes, I finally saw my house coming up. I was so happy to see it. I was going to get home, pee, maybe change my wet underwear, and be done with this whole humiliating day. Everything was hurting below my waist by this point, and I could barely walk anymore. While I was thinking all this I stopped paying attention to the road again. Big mistake. I caught my foot in an uneven part of the road and went sprawling forward onto my hands and knees with a painful thump. I got up, sitting on my legs, waiting for the pain to go away enough so I could get back up and keep going to my goal. As the pain did recede, it was replaced by another feeling. What felt like a warm waterfall in my pants. I looked down in horror just in time to see the dark spot spreading fast. 

I tried as hard as I could to regain control, and stop the flow, but my bladder just hurt too much to do anything. I knew I had no choice in the matter anymore. So, with a burning red face, I closed my eyes, accepted what was happening. That was probably a worse idea now that I think of it. I heard the hissing sound, and felt the pee as it soaked right through my briefs, and ran down my legs, and over my lap. After maybe a long minute and a half of soaking myself, it finally wore off, and I got up. I looked at the damage. The whole front of my pants were soaked. Most of the back was wet too from where it seeped through. It was autumn and the wind was blowing. I was freezing now because of it. I tried my best to go on to my house through my humiliation. Luckily the street was mostly deserted, and no one saw me, or my wet pants. Even so I came up with the idea I'd tell anyone who asked that I fell in a puddle.

By the time I got home I was shivering. I somehow managed to avoid my family, creep up to my room, and stripped off my soaked clothes. I did catch a semi-cold from peeing my pants in the cold weather the next day. My mother also didn't ask about why my clothes were so damp either. If she did, I'd give the puddle explanation all day. Not surprisingly, after this experience, I decided the school bathrooms really weren't that bad after all.

