Story 2 - Road tripping with Keely (pic)

Author: lukerossi

*000*2014-03-05 12:28

My relationship with Keely had become a little rocky. We’d been together for a long time and luckily enough Keely had often wet herself for me quite often. It happened mostly in the shower with a pair of underwear on and though it turned me on, I felt myself wanting more!

We decided to get away for the weekend down the coast to Byron Bay.

The drive from the Gold Coast to Byron is short, so we decided to pack lunch and drive all the scenic routes and do some exploring for the day. Keely had also picked up a few vodka mixes for the trip. It was a pretty standard trip really with great music, food and pulling into different parts of the coastline for a look.

We’d made several stops throughout the daily for Keely to relieve herself of some of those vodka mixes and I found myself becoming infuriated. She knew how much I loved to watch her pee herself and we were on a romantic getaway and it didn’t seem to cross her mind!

Later that day I pulled into a part of the coastline with nothing around but bush and beach. I pulled off the side of the road and said to Keely that I wanted to have a look around.

We did so for half an hour or so and made our way back to the car. The isolation of the area started to play on my mind. “How perfect it would be to have some wet fun,” I thought. I was never a big wetter in front of Keely. She enjoyed wetting for me because she knew how turned on I would get, but I never thought she’d feel the same if I did so in front of her. I suddenly wished I were alone so I could at least take full advantage of this beautiful place!

Keely wore a red and white floral dress, she had pale skin and pink sheer underwear – goddamn I wanted to see her piss in them!

We got back to the car and Keely suggested we make another stop at the next bathroom. “Great I thought.”

“F%$K the bathroom,” I said. “Just go here.” I was referring to her find a place in the bush to squat, but deep down what I mean was to just go right where she was without moving a muscle.

Our car was parked on the side of a road with no real privacy – she would have to venture back down the beach track for that.

“Okay,” she said as my ears suddenly pricked up. Keely was never a big fan of the outdoors pee and preferred to hold until she found a bathroom. I guess a couple of vodka’s has loosened her up just enough to manage it. I knew I wanted to follow her and at the very least, watch her go, even if it was minus those sexy panties.

We were still at the car and Keely had opened the passenger side door (closest to the bush and slightly shielded from passing cars) and started fiddling through her hand bag and re organizing the front sit for the remain part of the drive.

“Well, aren’t you going to go then? We have to get out of here,” I said.

“Yeah,” Keely replied as she kept going on about her business.

I was starting to get pissed, I wanted to get back on the road and didn’t want to wait for Keely to re organize the whole car, then walk all the way back into the bush for a pee.

I got back in the car and decided I wouldn’t follow her because if I did, she would probably not go and may even risk an argument between us.

I glanced over as Keely pulled another Vodka out, opened it and put the cap into her handbag. I noticed several pair of underwear in her handbag and figured she’d thrown them in there at the last minute instead of her luggage bag.

“Why are they in there,” I asked.

“Just in case I need them,” she replied.

I mumbled something about her hurrying up to go and pee so we could get on the road.

“Ok,” she said as she stood back up straight out of the car.

She was just standing there looking at me, legs slightly apart.

“What are you doing,” I said.

There was no reply, just hiked the front of her dress up far enough to reveal those sheer pink panties that I so desperately wanted to see get pissed in.

Suddenly perfectly clear pee started flowing through them and out from under her dress. The sheer material allowed the flow to pour out freely onto the ground hidden from the passing cars.

I was speechless. She simply grabbed the towel she’d been sifting around for, dried her thighs and changed into a fresh pair of underwear.

She got back into the car and said, “ok let’s go.”

The rest of the day consisted of more stops, more exploring and more drinks for Keely, who decided not to use another bathroom for the remainder of the day. Instead she put those spare panties to use and peed without inhibition, through another three pairs similarly to the first. The final pair were baptized soon after arriving at our Byron Bay cabin.

The pair Keely now had on was the last she packed. I guess she hadn’t planned on peeing herself more than four times that day and by the time we check in, she was absolutely bursting. So much so that assumed she would run to the bathroom. Hell I didn’t care at that point, I had seen Keely wet herself all day and I was ready to have a drink or five and tear her clothes off!

I opened the door to the cabin, dragged our bags into the living room and put the remaining food we had in the fridge.

I turned around and Keely was dragging her bag up the stairs and into the room with a hand between her legs. I laughed as I took it off her and brought it in.

The second the door closed behind her, she ripped the curtains closed whilst simultaneously bursting. She stood there for an instant before squatting down. Her piss gushed so hard through her black cotton panties and all over her dress. She peed for what seemed like a minute or two and while doing so, pulled me over by my belt and started stroking my cock. When she’d finished, she left her clothes in the puddle while we retired to the bedroom for the next chapter of fun.

*003*2014-03-06 23:28

Excuse my newbiness here but I thought I had attached pic? Can someone explain the best way to do it?

*006*2014-03-07 05:08

I see where I went wrong now. Will try and get the photo back up soon.

*007*2014-03-09 05:46

Sorted. Here you go.

*011*2014-03-15 23:18

Plenty of 'isolated' areas to explore around Brisbane too!

