The Girl At Gymnastics

Author: Anathema

*000*2012-10-23 07:19

So, when I was younger, I did gymnastics. My parents enrolled me in lessons when I was a kid so I could get exersise, and as I went through puberty I stuck with it because I enjoyed doing flips, and it was an excellent excuse to hang around pretty high school girls wearing nothing but leotards and cheerleading outfits.

Of course, the guys and the girls classes never really mixed, so I'm sad to say I never got to date one of these girls. They came and went in a blur over the years. One incident stands out from all these girls though.

There was a girl who's class was at the same time as ours. She was a bit of a loud mouth. She was nice and fun loving, just loud. You'd hear her all over the gym. Her name is lost to time. Let's call her Viki. She was short and kind of flat chested (as all gymnasts are) with a beautiful face and shoulder length brown hair.

One evening, Vicki's voice was carrying through the gym as usual, when she said something that was music to my ears. "Don't make me laugh! I'll wet myself!" I looked in Viki's direction and she was waiting in like to do a routine on the uneven bars. She was hopping from foot to foot with her thighs pressed together. I had to 'adjust myself' as I continued doing my stretching.

Dispite the bathroom being spotleslly clean, unoccupied, and right off the main room of the gym, Viki did not use it. Instead she waited for her turn on the bars. Her teammates of course, began to try and make her laugh, and suceeded in getting her to hold herself pussy and complain that she really was going to wet her blue crushed velvet leotard. Finally she was up.

I would like to thank my coach for being the most incredible troll ever. What happened next was burned into my mind forever. While Vicki was hanging from the top bar, my coach leaned in and tickled Vicki's sides. Vicki burst out laughing and dropped from the uneven bars and bolted for the bathroom, both hands between her legs.

Viki was in the bathroom a long time. Regretfully, I was not close enough to see if she wet herself on her way to the bathroom, but she did end up spending the rest of the lesson wearing her warm-up pants. Viki simply laughed it all off, and was not embarrassed in the least. My Coach appologized profusely.

I wish I knew why she held it so long. Did she enjoy holding it too? Did she hate using public bathrooms? Was she just stubborn and wanted take her turn? I guess I'll never know. I doubt she's on this site reading this.

