First female wetting I witnessed.

Author: Jodan

*000*2013-04-29 10:49

I just posted about my accident in the first grade that was really the starting point for what later became my fetish. Now I will share a couple stories of when I've seen girls wet themselves throughout the years. Sadly, I've only seen a few and only once was an accident. I'll start with the accident.

As I said before, I had my incident in school and it humiliated me pretty bad. I kinda wondered if something was wrong with me at first because no one else seemed to wet themselves. I began to (only vaguely at first) wish that I could see someone else have an accident. Then I found myself thinking about it more, and over time it became more specific; I wanted to see a girl wet her pants. Over time I noticed that I became exited if I thought about a girl wetting her self, or of me wetting my pants. So I knew I had I thing for it, but I didn't realize just how bad it was until the ninth grade.

I was just at the height of puberty, and we were having a guest at our house for the week. My uncle had just gotten married to a woman who had two daughters. So, by law, they were cousins... tell that to a 14 year old's hormones. By blood they were just some girls. Only one was old enough for me to be interested anyway, we'll call her Allie here, and I wasn't interested in her as of that point. Anyway, Allie and her younger sister would be staying at our place while their parents went on their honeymoon. She is a year younger than me. She was always pretty, with blond hair and green eyes and a pretty nice body too.

So Allie and I were out walking in the bushes on a hill we knew about a mile from my house, collecting rocks. Some good pieces of obsidian have been found there. We had been there searching and talking and joking for a couple hours when I said something that struck her as particularly funny and she had to grab her crotch, cross her legs and bend over at the waist. 

She got herself under control quickly and I continued cracking jokes. A few minutes later I hit her funny bone again and she did the same maneuver, but this time she stumbled a bit when she crossed her legs and in the process of catching her balance ended up with her back turned to me. I noticed that this was quite a view (I should mention she was wearing jean shorts that were pretty high cut), her bend over at the waist sticking her butt out in my direction desperate to pee. She finally got herself under control again and told me not to make her laugh. A few minutes later she asked if we could go home. I played dumb and asked, "Why?"

She crossed her legs dramatically and said, "Because I need to pee really bad."

I have to admit that this was when I started trying to delay our return home. I told her that mom was making dinner and wouldn't let us leave again if we went back, so we should just stay here for another half an hour or so until the sun goes down then go home. I asked her if she could hold it, trying to sound sarcastic, and I was elated when she only said, "Umm, I think so."

So I kept kicking rocks around for another twenty minutes or so when she finally said that we really needed to go home. I said something to the extent of "what's wrong, can't you hold it?" and she replied that she had never had to pee so bad in her life. I could see that she was serious and was honestly kind of feeling guilty for making her wait, so I agreed and we started walking home.

The whole way she kept stopping to cross her legs, grab her crotch and do a little pee dance that I must admit I found sexy. I asked her if she was going to be okay and she said no, and that she had to pee so bad that she might pee her pants. I told her that was nonsense that to just keep moving, that she'd make it. But she just froze again and again. I playfully pushed her from behind once and she told me I was going to make her pee, I told her to keep moving then. So she was walking in front of me and she's walking very rigidly with her knees locked and still holding her crotch. Suddenly she stopped, pressed her legs together, and stood there shaking for a minute. Then she quickly crossed her legs and kind of grunted something about peeing (I couldn't hear it exactly because she didn't speak very clearly). Another wave of the shakes overtook her and then she gasped.

And that's when it happened. She said, "Oh my god," and started peeing her shorts. I heard a hissing sound before I saw anything, then I saw a wet spot form up the crack of her butt and down what thighs the shorts had to offer. Within a second or two her denim shorts were glistening and pee was dripping from them onto the ground and running down her legs. The wet spot had spread more than half way up the butt of her shorts. I couldn't believe I eyes! I was standing there watching this very pretty girl totally pee herself in front of me. I had a strange sudden urge to let go and pee my pants a well, but suppressed it. It all happened so fast and when she was finally done peeing her shorts were soaked up the rear, the insides of the thighs and up the front too. It was obvious she had peed herself. Needless to say I was hard as a rock, I seriously almost came in my pants.

She made me promise not to tell anyone at the house, which I obliged. When we got home I stealthily went into her bag and got her some pants while she waited in the yard. She changed in the garage and gave me her wet clothes to wash. After all that was taken care of, I had to go to the bathroom for a different reason...

*010*2013-06-11 15:22

{{ 

It's hardly luck when you're the one who induced it. Poor thing, but nice read.

}}

Have to admit you've got a point there. As I said, I was kind of an ass sometimes growing up. In this instance, with this particular girl it tuned out well, but it just as easily could have gone bad and ended very differently had she been more upset about it. Really it was very careless of me and could have driven her to hate me under different circumstances. If placed in a similar situation today, we'd go home the minute she said she had to go. I love to see a girl have an accident, but not at the expense of a friendship. It's just not worth it. Can't sell your soul to this shit. lol

