Shadow's Revenge

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-11-08 18:30

My story the other day about making Shadow hold until he made me cum was well praised so thank you . I had a request to write more about his desperation which I will do soon but this story is to fulfill the request I had to write the opposite side of the tale where I'm the one desperate and I have to make him cum. I chose to write this one as it effectively follows on from the previous story as he was acting his revenge on me.

Me and my sister had met our mum in town and had been for lunch. We spent two hours sat eating lunch and catching up, in which time the drinks were plentiful. After lunch my mum had to go to work and me and Casey decided to do some shopping. We decided to go to the White Rose (some of you will know this place, for those who don't it is a shopping centre on the outskirts of Leeds) as we hadn't been there for a while. Its nice because it has a lot of the shops we like and its only 20 minutes drive up the motorway. We got there and spend the next few hours looking round the shops. We stopped at the food court and got ourselves a coffee.

After we finished we made our way back towards the exit stopping in a few shops to pick up stuff we hadn't bought previously to avoid having to carry it around. We got to the escalators that lead to the car park and I asked if she wanted to go anywhere else. She said she didn't so we exited out into the car park. After locating my car we pulled out of the car park onto the main road and headed towards the motorway.

As we pulled up the slip road onto the motorway I noticed the traffic was quite heavy and looked at the clock on the dashboard, it was almost 4 o'clock, the start of rush hour, at least we were coming home now and not in an hours time when the rush hour would be in a full swing. We drove along for about five minutes when we hit traffic. We slowed down and I realised it was the roadworks up ahead. As we slowly crawled along my sister said “oh god why is there traffic”. I looked over and was about to ask why she cared when I noticed her fidgeting. “why what's up with the traffic” I asked. “all those drinks from lunch have caught up with me and I really need a wee”. As if to prove her point she stuck her hand between her legs and squirmed. I laughed and told her she should have gone before we left. She told me she had thought about it but knew she could make it home but now we were stuck in traffic it seemed a whole lot worse.

I giggled and starting teasing her, but as I did my thoughts focused on my own bladder. For the past hour or so It had been filling up and I myself had to pee, It wasn't too bad at the moment but I was starting to get desperate. 20 minutes later we were almost at our exit and now she was squirming around like crazy. She hadn't mentioned her need in that time, we just chatted and listened to the radio. By now my own bladder had filled and I was busting for a wee myself. Each time we stopped I would squeeze my thighs together. Looking at my sister I wasn't as bad as her but I was getting there. As we pulled off down the slip road she said “ooooo hurry up Gem im about to pee myself”. My eyes widened and I felt my pussy spring to attention. I knew she had to go but not that bad. I glanced over at her and her hands were jammed into her crotch and she was breaking out a cute little pee dance.

We drove down the main road into town and she kept saying she had to pee and telling me hurry up. This was turning me on so much but at the same time her constant commentary on needing to pee was making me need to pee worse. We got through the mass of traffic lights in the town centre and as we pulled into the bottom of our road she whipped her seatbelt off and started moaning saying she was leaking in her knickers and was on the verge of exploding. The moment I pulled into our drive she jumped out of the car and dashed towards the front door. When I got out of the car and turned round I caught a glimpse of her as she dashed through the door. I walked over and went inside and saw her kicking her shoes off and running up the stairs. I heard her say hi to Matty and then heard the bathroom door shut. Now I was stood up I noticed just how bad I had to pee. I was getting close to leaking.

I walked upstairs and into my room and found Shadow sat on the bed. He laughed and asked what was up with Casey. I told him we got in traffic and she had a very very full bladder. He laughed and asked how I was. I told him I was fine, apart from my own very very full bladder. I took off my coat and walked over to the bathroom door and told her to be quick cos I was bursting for a pee. I then walked back into the bedroom....this was a fatal mistake. I sat on the bed and crossed my legs bouncing slightly as I waited for her to finish in the bathroom. I stood up to get my bag to get my things out and I stood fidgeting and shifting from foot to foot as I desperately tried to keep my knickers dry. I thought out loud and said “she best hurry up in there, i'm about to burst”. He looked at me and nodded and then went back to his work. I came and sat back on the bed and looked what he was doing. It was some boring accounts stuff for the shop.

I heard the toilet flush and then a about a minute later she came out and went downstairs. I asked him if we had anything planned for the evening and he said we hadn't and I said I would be downstairs. I stood up to and pee and to go downstairs when he grabbed my hand. I looked at him and said “where you going”. I said “i'm gonna go for a pee then i'm going to go get a drink and chill with Casey downstairs”. He smiled and said “don't I get a kiss”. I giggled and leant over and kissed him. I leant back up and he still had hold of my hand.

As I went to pull away he said “oh by the way, i've just thought of something I need to do.....i need to act my revenge”. I looked at him puzzled as he put his laptop down on the bed. I said “you can tell me in a minute, i'm seriously about to wee myself” and I tried to pull away but he kept hold of my hand. He smiled and said “well....you know what you need to do”. I was confused then it dawned on me. His revenge!!!.....only three days before we had played our game and I made him hold on till he made me cum, now it my turn. I protested and said that I would never last, I was almost wetting myself. He just laughed and said, you better get a move on then and winked at me.

I scowled at him as my bladder pushed down hard as if to say you don't have time for this, but secretly I was loving it. I sat down on the bad beside him and slowly pulled down the zip on his jeans then tried to undo the button. It was like when you try to get the key in the door when you are bursting, my fingers fumbled and slipped all over the place. Eventually I got it undone and moved them down slightly. My hand reached in his shorts and pulled out his limp cock. Oh god, this was going to take longer than I thought. I knew what I had to do. I stood up and walked to the end of the bed and started pee dancing. It was intended as an act to arouse him but it turned into actual pee dancing as my bladder threatened to explode and empty into my knickers.

I slid my hand down the front of my jeans and into my knickers and pushed on my pee hole. As I did I moaned in desperation and wiggled and bounced around. I turned round and bent forward holding myself plus giving him a view of my wiggling bum. I continued moaning and dancing and when I turned round his cock was growing and before long it was big and hard and seriously turned on. “god damn girl you know how to turn me on”. I giggled and keeled on the bed next to him. My hand in my jeans continued rubbing my aching pee hole and my other hand reached down and gripped round his cock. I began to stroke him and felt his cock throb under my fingers.

I gasped as the hand in my knickers suddenly felt damp. I pulled it out and as I did a leak escaped and dampened my knickers. I moaned and bounced even more telling him I had leaked and need to wee so bad. This was true but I know there is nothing that turns him on more than me telling him how bad I need to pee. My hand continued to stroke his cock and I begged him to cum before I wet my knickers like a naughty girl. Suddenly both my hands felt damp. I looked at my left hand pressed against my pussy and saw a wet patch on my jeans, I then looked at my right hand and saw pre cum dribbling over my fingers. I smiled knowing he wouldn't be able to last much longer.

I leant back on the bed and spread my legs open. I showed him the wet patch on my jeans and told him if he didn't cum soon they would be soaked. It seemed to have the desired effect as his cock twitched in my hand. I shuffled down the bed and leaned forward and gently licked the tip of his cock with my tongue which caused him to groan. I wrapped my lips around it and gently sucked on it. I continued stroking his shaft as my tongue licked around the tip. More and more pre cum dribbled onto my tongue and more and more pee dribbled into my knickers. Without warning a spurt escaped into my knickers and soaked the front of my jeans. I lifted my head and told him I was starting to spurt and really really needed him cum. I went back to his cock desperately using my hand and tongue trying to make him cum. If he didn't cum soon I was going to have an accident.

A few more spurts escaped and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer, my bladder was pushing down so hard on my pee hole which was gradually starting to give up. The pressure was getting so intense. Suddenly a massive spurt shot into my knickers and I felt it run down my thigh soaking my jeans. I moaned and said that I was practically wetting myself. Then I felt it, his cock tightened in my hand, I felt a pumping sensation as the cum travelled up the shaft then it shot out of the top as he groaned out. I continued stroking, milking out every last drop of cum and licking it all up. He said “oh god baby you are good”. I giggled and sat up and asked if I could go pee now, I opened my legs and showed the huge wet patch on my crotch and legs to prove I was seconds from wetting myself. He laughed and said “course you can baby”. I smiled and swung my legs round and went to stand up.

As I did he grabbed me and pulled me on top of him. I giggled and said “oh god baby i'm gonna wee myself, you said I could go pee”. He nodded and said “yeah, I said you could go pee, I never said you could leave” and winked at me. Then without warning he pushed down on my bladder causing me to lose control. Pee came gushing out my aching pee hole and soaked my knickers and jeans. He pulled me down and kissed me and I could only lay there, wetting myself, emptying my bladder all over him and kiss him. My bladder continued to empty, I had loads inside me. Eventually the stream stopped and I sat back up. Everything was soaked. My knickers, my jeans, him, the bed. I made a huge puddle. “mmmmm that felt nice” he said.

“oh god it did” I replied “now im super horny though”.

“ooooo baby, why don't you take care of it”.

I didn't need telling twice, my hand ventured down my pee soaked jeans and into my knickers and I started rubbing my clit. God it felt good. Everything about the situation was turning me on. I had just made him cum, I had just wet myself, I had peed all over him, now I was sat on top of him playing with my throbbing pussy. All those thoughts came together in my mind and then I felt the familiar warm sensation in my pussy as my orgasm built. I continued rubbing until I exploded in orgasm. I screamed out and collapsed forward onto him shaking as the pleasure shot through me. I felt cum squirting out of my pussy soaking my jeans and knickers even more. I heard him sigh happily and I realised he must have felt it soaking through my jeans. 

When the feeling subsided I just laid there on top of him not wanting to move. Until he said “I love you ya know”. For some reason I found it funny and could not stop laughing. I stood up off the bed and looked in the mirror. My jeans were soaked all the way down my legs. I slowly peeled them off and peeled off my wet knickers and threw them in washing basket. I took the rest of my clothes off to go take a shower. I walked out of the bedroom and went and switched the shower on. I was still really horny so I walked back to the bedroom door all wet and soapy and gestured for him to follow me. He did and we enjoyed a very hot steamy shower together in which he repay the favour and emptied his bladder all over me

*003*2014-11-09 19:36

{{ 

God, that was hot. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Hee hee, glad you enjoyed it :)

{{ 

This story was so amazing and so erotic, wow. *.*

}}

Thank you :)

*005*2014-11-10 16:38

{{ 

Man Gemmy, I wish you were my girlfriend.....

}}

Hee hee, quite a few people say that

