It's a long way home

Author: OddOwl

*000*2014-03-25 19:24

Today was the deadline of an important course work so my classmate and I had decided to work on it at the university. He had to go to work in the afternoon so we promised to meet early in the morning. I was up late last night so I woke up quite tired. So I made myself an unusually big cup of coffee to make me ready for some brain work and then left to the university. I bought another cup of coffee from the metro station on my way.

The boy I got as my pair for this work is really cute and I don't actually know him very well so I'm a bit shy around him. We get along really well, though. We worked quite intensely, only having a quick break for eating lunch. At some point I went to the toilet, because coffee always goes fast trough me. We decided to have a break at the university cafe before reading trough our paper for the last time and correcting all the details. I think my pair was flirting a little with me and he offered to buy me a large coffee because I was yawning all the time. Obviously, I said yes.

So we finished the work, the paper turned out quite well written and we handed it in. I felt like I should go to the toilet before leaving home but I didn't want to say it to my pair so I just left the university with him. We took the same metro from the university towards the city center. I live quite far from the university, after the metro I also had to take a train.

The trains don't go that often, and I managed to just miss one so I had to wait for the next one on the platform. As I live in the north, it is still chilly weather and also very windy today. Like I said, coffee goes fast through me and now I really started to feel that I should have gone to the toilet at the university. The cold weather made it even worse, freezing my thighs. I walked around the platform, trying to keep myself warm, trying to forget that I had to pee.

Finally the train arrived and I got a seat next to the window. I immediately crossed my legs and tried to sleep a little to make the twenty minute journey to go fast. Halfway the journey I started getting a bit desperate so I had to sit straight. I think that I was swinging my foot quite nervously as the man sitting opposite me looked me strangely. Luckily my station came so I got up and left the train.

There are long stairs on the train station, which I usually kind of ran down, so I did that today as well. It was a mistake, as I leaked a little in my pants while doing that. I'm sure I blushed while this happened and slowed down immediately. Luckily I had a black skirt and thick black tights so it wasn't easy to see anything.

From the train station I can either walk fifteen minutes or take a bus that takes only a couple of minutes. I thought that walking would be too painful in this condition, so I decided to wait for the bus even though it was coming only after five minutes. Standing in the cold wind increased my urge to pee once again and my slightly damp panties didn't make the situation any easier. It was hard to stand still so I kept changing my position and suddenly spurted little more in my panties.

The bus came, and it was very full so I didn't get a seat. I had to cross my legs while standing and I was hoping that the bus would drive as fast as it can. I felt really uncomfortable at this point, like I would pee at any point. Finally the bus was approaching my stop so I walked to the door. Suddenly, the bus driver made an unexpected emergency stop, which made some passengers fall. I managed to keep my balance but I started peeing my pants. I sensed the hot feeling inside my thighs for few seconds and felt the pee run down all the way to my ankles. I was able to stop, but I was bright red at this point and hoped that my black clothing made my accident invisible.

The bus driver opened the doors and I immediately hopped out and started rushing towards my home. While walking I continued dribbling to my pants and I felt the skirt stick to my ass. At our porch I almost gave up but I managed to hold until the toilet where I didn't bother taking of my thighs before sitting to the toilet.

