A little leak last night by my wife

Author: Sentinelchicken

*000*2011-07-28 17:22

So yesterday afternoon my wife (Joy) and I were at home before going to dinner, half watching TV, my half playing with my phone, she sitting at the computer on Facebook.

Suddenly Joy sneezes really hard a couple of times and then says, "Wow, I think I sneezed so hard I peed a little!"

That got my attention, of course!

She got out of her chair and started toward the bedroom but I jumped off of the couch to grab her and try to get her to show me. She laughed and struggled a little to get away from me but I followed her, playfully trying to tickle her sides while she giggled and squirmed away from me down the hallway and to our bedroom. She was wearing blue sweat shorts and a tanktop over her panties. I asked her to show me and she finally stopped by her dresser and showed me her crotch but there was nothing visible.

"I don't see anything," I said.

"Well, I feel it," she replied. "It was just a little. Enough I want to change, though."

"Well, at least let me see the panties before you change," I begged.

So she pushed her shorts down and sure enough there was a tiny wet spot on the crotch of her panties, about the size of a nickle maybe. A little smaller than a quarter, at least. I was turned on and wanted to fool around but she just wanted to change and go get dinner first.

Then she turned around to dig a clean pair of panties out of her dresser, which gave me a view of the wet spot from behind. It was all I could do not to grab her and take her like that right there! She grabbed the new panties, turned back around, kissed me on the cheek, and said, "After dinner I'll make it up to you."

With that she disappeared into the bathroom, peed, and came back out in the new panties, carrying the damp ones, took them to the laundry room and threw in some other delicates to wash, and then we left for dinner. I was barely able to concentrate driving or eating, haha.

Sadly, she didn't wet herself any further. I was hoping she would, but she did make it up to me in other ways, so at least there's that... Still wish she'd have wet herself, though. ;)

