Desperate females sighted in M&S

Author: stinklerus

*000*2015-06-08 12:27

I recently had the unexpected pleasure of experiencing two desperation sightings in different branches of Marks & Spencer.

The first took place in one of their larger stores. The toilets in this store, like many others in my experience, are tucked away in a quiet area on the top floor, The up escalator takes people fairly close to where they are situated, but their location means that even when you come off the escalator it is not immediately obvious where they are.

On the day in question I was waiting around at the top of the escalator to meet up with my wife, as we were going for a coffee in the cafe which is also on the top floor. I had looked around the adjacent menswear, but didn’t want to stray out of sight of the escalator, as I didn’t want to miss her. As I was watching, a tall young blonde woman who I would guess was in her early 20’s came rushing up the escalator, She was well built without being fat and had a Scandinavian appearance to her. She was wearing a red outdoor jacket and tight jeans. As the she neared the top of the escalator I saw her look around anxiously. I immediately took notice, as there was something about her appearance that suggested to me that she was desperate for the toilet. She was quite flushed in the face and was glancing around in all directions with a desperate look on her face.

There were a few other people on the escalator, but despite this as soon as she got off at the top she stood aside and thrust one hand hard into her crotch whilst twisting her thighs together as hard a she could. As she stood there, she continued to look around frantically for any sign indicating where the toilets were, but due to the way the goods were laid out in the shop, they were not readily spotted from her position. Her expression then took on a look of alarm, and I thought for moment she had started to loose control. However, just then she looked in the direction of the toilets and must have seen the sign, as she rushed off towards them, still holding herself and almost knocking over an old lady on the way.

From my experience of waiting for my wife at these toilets there is often a queue for the ladies, so I was left wondering whether her ordeal was over once she got in the door, or whether she was forced to wait for a cubicle. In either case she must have been close to her limit and I often wonder if she made it with dry knickers or whether she wet herself to some degree. Unfortunately my wife arrived soon after the girl found the toilets, so I didn’t get the chance to wait until she came back out to see if there were any tell tale wet spots on her jeans.

The other sighting was in another store and I have more definite proof of the outcome. This time we were in the cafe when I noticed a good looking mature woman in the queue at the counter. She must have been in her late fifties or early sixties, but had kept her figure and was still attractive. She was wearing dark trousers and a short jacket. At first I noticed her due to her being attractive and shapely, but as I watched her I couldn’t help but wonder if she wasn’t showing signs of needing the loo, as she kept crossing and uncrossing her lower legs and glancing in the direction of the toilets. She eventually paid for her food and went to sit at a table nearby where I could still see her without it being obvious that I was watching her. (When she bent down before sitting to get something from a carrier bag I got a delightful view of a the outline of a pair of full back knickers showing through her trousers, and a nice firm bottom stretching the fabric.)

When we had finished our food my wife indicated that she wanted to go to the lingerie department, so I said I would go to the toilet and then come and wait for her nearby. As we were leaving I noticed that the woman had also finished her food and had also stood up to leave, but a friend or acquaintance had now arrived and was talking with her. My suspicions were aroused further as I noticed her give herself a little squeeze behind the cover of her carrier bag. She was having trouble standing still and I am sure she wasn’t paying much attention to what her friend was saying, as when she spoke it was more or less in one word answers and she kept glancing in the direction of the toilets.

I went off to the toilet as planned and did what was necessary. Now in that store like many of the firm’s shops, there is one door from the shopping area to the toilet lobby and once in the lobby the doors to the ladies and gents are opposite one another off the lobby. When I opened the door to come out of the gents into the lobby there was a complete gridlock at the ladies side. An old guy was trying to be a charmer with some old ladies, and was holding the lobby door open to let them in. They were stopped chatting to him, which meant that the women coming out of the ladies were backing up and the door was being held wide open so that you could se straight inside. He obviously thought of himself as a bit of a ladies man and was trying to be so polite it was painful to watch. Whilst the old lad was doing his charming, none other than the lady from the cafe came rushing past the women who were at the door and squeezed her way into the toilet.

As soon as she got in through the toilet door, not realising that it was being held open, she thrust one hand between her legs and rushed towards the cubicles, only to find them all occupied. When she saw this she stood back and bobbed up and down frantically, with her hand still tightly pressed into her crotch. She seemed oblivious to the fact that the main door was open still, as I think it had been pushed too far back as she had pushed her way in and was now stuck open. She stood like that for a few seconds whilst glancing around frantically as if she was looking for an alternative to a cubicle – perhaps a waste bin or even the sink. Her actions certainly confirmed that she was really, really desperate and I wondered how long she was going to be able to hold on. Suddenly she froze and her expression changed to one of complete shock.

She then spread her legs apart slightly before taking her hand away and looking down at her crotch. Thinking that the dam had burst I expected to see a flood appear between her feet , but it must have only been an initial spurt, as she clamped her thighs back together and jammed both hands into her crotch and stood in a high squat. Just then a cubicle opened and she rushed in almost taking the woman coming out back in with her. At that moment too the main door finally cleared and every one could get moving again, so I went off down the escalator to wait for my wife. I saw her deep in the underwear department, so stood about waiting patiently. I had been waiting for about five minutes when the woman appeared and went straight to the stand where the full cut knickers were on display.

She had to bend down to look at the knickers on the stand and I noticed when she did so that I now couldn’t see any obvious panty line, as I had seen earlier in the cafe. This made me wonder if she had not made it in time and had wet herself quite badly and been forced to leave off her wet knickers before leaving the toilet. My suspicions were further confirmed when she bought a pack of plain beige knickers and, having paid for them, went straight back upstairs to the toilet again, presumably to put a pair on.

I was left wondering whether she had actually started to wet herself when the look of shock came over her whilst waiting, or whether had she made it inside reasonably dry but lost it further whilst trying to get her trousers and knickers down. Either way it was a great sighting and certainly brightened up my shopping trip. I was left wishing she hadn’t been held up with her friend a bit longer and then I might have witnessed the actual flood.

