My love to a beautiful 'Bladder-Queen'

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-13 20:10

The most exciting experience with a big bladdered woman, I had some years ago. I found a new love to a fascinating woman for a longer time.

The 2 parts of this story really happened some years ago and I have NOT decorated or improved any of the described facts !!!

I don't tell you her name, but she was a slim and sporty woman of then 32 years, had very long dark brown hair. She was very pretty and beautiful, could smile fascinatingly - and had the best trained, incredible massive and persistent bladder I ever found. And she was really tough and had really strong nerves. A fascinating woman with many other good qualities, which are not theme of a water-sports community.

For the fans of stats: 1,75 cm / approximately 50 kg

Our first meeting - and her extraordinary bladder

I had drunk some beer and changed into another pub at about midnight. A good looking woman of 32 years (as she told my later) stood at the bar and had some discussion with some of the men in there. She was a little drunken but very lovely. The discussion became a little aggressive and nobody wanted to stop.

I went beside that woman and started another discussion - and the struggle had been finished. A few minutes later I knew two for me very important things: 1st was she liked me and I had good chance to have a nice time or more - and 2nd she had waited much too long to visit the toilet. She did not want to show her problem and also she wanted to stay beside me. We were standing at the bar and she secretly pressed her legs together, shifted her hips, changed her position very often and changed from one foot to the other every few minutes. Her posture for me looked a little bit cramped. She had a hard struggle with her bladder and it was difficult to see how much she had to fight. But all her aggressions of the last minutes had flown away. Remember: we were standing at the bar, not sitting.

We had the good feeling of a new love coming. About an hour later, she told me that she had to go very badly. I asked her, when she went the last time - and she had not gone the whole evening and night. She had drunk a lot of beer in the evening and I could hardly believe her statement. When I knew her better some weeks later, I knew, she had told me the truth that evening at the bar.

When she started to go to the toilet, I tried to lay my arms around her and feel the hardness and prominence of her lower abdomen. But she angrily shouted to stop touching her 'overfilled bladder'.

Then she rushed off towards the toilets area.

When she came back about 8 minutes later, I could not resist to ask her, if she felt better now after her relieve. To my surprise she told me, that she was not able to empty her bladder really, because everything was so cramped in there. It was the 1st time in my life, that a woman told me about such a situation. So I asked her to try it again later. But she wanted to stay beside me. Her bladder was just a nerving thing, but not a real problem, as she told me.

Another hour later we left the pub and I took some money from an EC automat at a bank 50 m beside that place. It was cold winter and we wanted to find a new pub very soon. I made some proposals and she told me she needed a cab, because her bladder got nearly out of control now and she could not walk any step.

Fortunately about 10 minutes later we had a cab and were on our way to the next pub, about 10 minutes to drive. We stopped at the main street and went the last 50 m to the pub, but it was closed...

I felt some sympathy for my new love. (It was sure, it would become more than an affair or an one-night-stand!) I told her to go to a department store very nearby, which had some bushes around the car-park, but she refused and told me, she would manage the way to the next suggested pub about 45 minutes by foot. I was surprised about her courage and her bladder strength. And I liked the idea to walk three quarters of an hour beside a beautiful woman I loved and she would show me how strong a bladder could be after many many beers, a not complete emptying, which had opened her sphincter after all the hours of her fight before. I knew she had hardly (cramped and very quietly) managed the way to the 2nd pub in the cab. And now she wanted to walk the long way in the really cold night...!

She walked beside me the whole way without any word about her horrible need to pee. She tried to talk about other themes, but was very unconcentrated. She walked in a normal speed and looked normally. I was fascinated about this additional quality of her. I ever had dreamed about a really strong-bladdered and good looking woman. Now I had found her !

The time was bad for finding a new pub. The 3rd pub now also was closed. I saw the panic in her eyes and she saw my admiration and fascination. She asked me to go to my flat now and did not do anything for more comfort in her bladder. I could not believe it !

We walked about half an hour and passed her home. She showed me the house while passing and I asked her, if she could hold it for another quarter of an hour to reach me home - or if she wanted us to go in - so near to her functioning and clean toilet. She cramped a little bit, but her decision was fixed: she would reach my flat without any pee before.

Remember: She had not peed for about 7 hours while drinking first. 1 hour later she got to the loo and opened her floodgates a little bit, but could not empty, because of her cramped sphincter.

Another hour later we left for the odyssey. She was not able to walk anymore. After the cabs drive, which lasted us 20 minutes (waiting and the way), she seemed to be a little bit recreated by sitting in the cab. Another 45 minutes for the way to the next pub. 30 minutes to her home and her proud idea to resist her need for 15 more minutes on the way to my home - and it was really cold outside...

So if I count all the hours, there are 8h before her piss and 2:50 later. and she had about 10 pints of beer as I knew from our conversation.

At my home we sat on my couch and some time later she sat on my lap and I could feel her fidgeting very very hardly. It was not that kind of trembling fidgeting you have, when your muscles get weak, but it was a fidgeting to prevent peeing. We sat there for a little more than 6 hours, kissing and enjoying our new love. She was fidgeting the whole time in that special way and did not just ask for the toilet. It made me completely horny, but I did not ask her to have sex, because I had misgivings, that she would visit the loo before.

After these last 6 hours she went to the toilet, but not in trouble or in any kind of hurry. I think she would had been able to wait much longer sitting there with me.

The bladder massage

My love often held her pee for many many hours - 6 hours on a regular base - fidgeting non-stop, when we were at home, but outside she solved to looked calm anyhow.

Once she got really bad bladder cramps and laid onto her bed (instead of going to the bathroom to relieve her so painfully overstretched bladder). Later I laid beside her and saw my sexy lady really exhausted, but the cramps had gone. From outside I could feel her still very full, but now not anymore hard bladder, which felt like a big bag filled half with fluid. She had not peed, but the walls of her bladder had relaxed totally - and so I could shift the pee inside her and massage her bladder without any real pain for her. My darling could not get enough of this massage...

I never again felt such a full and big bladder so relaxed again at any other woman!

The cinema visit - the 1st time she nearly left control

Another time we went to the cinema at 8 pm. She had drunk very much tee and coffee over the day and later on also some beer. When we left, we had not much time and she had no chance to visit the toilet before. On the bus she told me, that it would become a real problem by the time.

It was not often, that she had real problems with her bladder. But we were late and she also skipped the loo at the cinema... After about 15 minutes she stood up, bent over and afterward went out. 10 minutes later she came back. She had not found the way to the toilets and there was no personal to ask for. She had just smoked a cigarette and then came back. She did not leave again, just sat beside me, very quiet and without any move. And it was an overlong movie of more than 2.5 hours... At the end she was up very quickly, but the other people blocked our way. Also it was impossible to sit down again. She now had very serious and obviously visible problems !

I did not ask her when she visited the loo the last time. On some days she did not do after her morning piss - probably also this day.

When we came out, there was a really very long queue at the one (!) toilet door. I counted about 25 women and there was no move to see. My love decided not to wait, but to go home. I suggested to go to a nearby pub, but she wanted to use her own loo now. Probably because her hard stream would be reflected by the bowl - and that is a very bad thing on a dirty public loo...

We got a bus quick and she sat down. On our way she told me twice, she could not manage this time, but she did - I don't know how. Never before she told me, she would not manage to hold a little longer. It must have been really hard, even for her good trained and pain habited bladder and her brave and persistent mind. Unfortunately I did not ask her, how long she had waited before and how much she drank. I was alarmed by her unfamiliar, nearly hopeless struggle and did not want to see her leaving control in the public. I loved her and was very proud on her, so I wanted her as a winner in hopeless situations - not as a shamed looser ! My 'Bladder-Queen' comes to her limits

From my last story you already know my former love, I called her my Bladder Queen there. Here a new - real story, how she tried to find her limits.

My lovely "Bladder Queen" was an approved tourist guide in double-decker sight seeing busses and for booked city tours by foot or cab. We were in love and a couple for a few years. She often waited very much too long, then (deliberately) was fidgeting with her legs, to hold it a little easier. But she just did this, when we both were at home. Outside she never showed any (for other people visible) sign of her often really urgent need to pee. When even she got really desperate outside, she just whispered into my ear, that she could not hold it any longer. But my friend never wet her panties, not even when desperately dying for a loo for many hours. And I ever was fascinated and loved my Bladder Queen for being that brave and strong

Once she had been in the bathroom at about 8 am the last time. Afterwards she went to work. In the late afternoon she came back, without having peed (as normally). Then she went to a nearby pub and drank a lot of beer the whole evening and night long - still without any pee.

In the next morning she started for her work directly from the pub - still without having peed for about 24 hrs now. Also while work she refused herself any pee. She normally sat in a normal seat in the rear part of the upper deck in the bus. So she was able to fidget with her legs, without being observed by the tourists, if she wanted to - at least sometimes. If there were many tourists around her, she had to hide her predicament...

In the late afternoon she was back to the pub - still her bladder totally overfilled. My Bladder Queen always wore tight jeans. And she still was holding back all her pee in her now for so long completely distended and rock hard bladder. Her bladder had to carry this incredible load for about 32 hrs now... But she again drank a lot of beer all night long. In the 3rd morning my love just changed her clothes before work - still not allowing her poor bladder any relief - after now about 48 hrs.

That day, she just held it back in the morning. At about 10 am my poor Bladder Queen got a serious crisis in the bus - but there of cause was no toilet available and no chance to go! But she anyhow was able to prevent a leak - still telling detailed comments about all the sights passing by to the tourists. Anyhow she was holding back her so much too big amount of pee in her now very bad aching bladder with all her remaining power. 

She later told me, that she was in a horrible agony and very very desperate then! - But she also knew, that there just was no toilet available and she had no alternative then just holding back all her hot pee just a little longer - and again half a minute longer - and again a few seconds longer - and again and again and again... It was her own fault and she now anyway and anyhow had to suffer the really cruel consequences... She hoped, that her need to pee would slow down again. She originally again wanted to wait till being back home in the afternoon - or probably also for another night... But this time it just got worse and worser. Her now nearly exploding bladder tried to get free from the so long pended overload NOW...!

At about 11 am the bus reached a big place in front of the town hall. Anyhow my Bladder Queen managed to stand up, to go down the steep steps to the lower deck and to the front to ask the bus driver to stop there. Then she kept so cool to tell the tourists about a pee break for all of them and brought many of them out of the bus and to the public loo there. You will know, how much time it needs to get a crowd of tourists out of a bus. And you may imagine, how much more time it may last with a double-decker bus, if the tourists are not told before and not prepared to leave the bus. It is absolutely not possible effectively to goad a group of curious tourists quickly. 

So our secretly franticly holding, poor but really fascinating woman had absolutely no chance to hurry up - and did not just try... In an last effort she clamped off her pee - now, to make it worse, even standing, talking loudly to the group without any microphone and even helping older tourists out of the bus... Her bladder now furiously tried to blow out all her so long pent up pee. Her exhausted sphincter was working - no fighting - overtime and overload. And the so urgently needed time passed by so quick now...!

But at the end sometime, my poor love was in the line to the loos - and after again waiting anyhow, she even came inside a free cubicle. Then finally my poor Bladder Queen was able to let all her pee blast out in a loudly hissing jet. She could pee the first time after her now about 50 hrs (!!!) hold it. And her panties staid dry!

This day it was the only pee, my Bladder Queen did at work - and you will know, how quick a bladder refills after the kidneys were blocked for hours by her pent up pee, caused by a too high bladder pressure.

My love afterwards, back home in the afternoon, told me, that it would not have been a real problem for her to wait that 50+ hrs, because she only in the mornings and in the evenings felt an urgent need to pee. Just the last morning experience, when she decided to use the loo, that was a real torture, but she had solved it.

I just could imagine, that her good trained bladder was absolutely full to the brim and by this did not fill further. But just to urgently hold a normal amount for a never ending time lets a bladder get weak. I still wonder, how my Bladder Queen was able to hold her soon refilled pee for the rest of her working time - after overstraining her bladder that long time before... Most people after an extreme long and strong hold, have a really weak bladder for some hours or a day and then have to go all few hours. But probably her lifelong bladder training and her by the nearly daily overfilling rather enlarged bladder worked different than normal bladders.

(C) [email protected]

*001*2021-09-13 20:17

The 1st trilogy story is what I myself experienced with my former friend.

The 2nd story is what she told me, when I once asked her about her worst and hardest pee hold.

This woman did never lie to me. She not even lied when she knew it would hurt me to hear the truth. And she definitely was no braggadocian, but ever asked me why I would adore her extreme pee holding. This would be embarrassing but definitely not fascinating...! So even if it seems to be too extreme, what she told me, I belive in it, as she was kinda extreme truth-loving, same as she was an extreme pee holder - my "Bladder Queen".

And from the medical point I can just suspect, that her bladder was totally overstretched and could not expand anymore. So her pee will have pent up back to her kidneys and (nearly) stopped the kidney function by its backpressure. The kidneys use blood pressure and capillary action to produce urine in the renal calices. These renal calices are sensible against urinary backpressure and by the time get damaged if there is too much for too long again and again - but in temporary extreme cases the backpressure can (nearly) stop the kidney function. Probably also the absolutely overstretched bladder at the end was unable to contract anymore as the pulled muscle fibres were too strained like after a sports accident. And beside beeing used to hold her pee for ages, control her bursting bladder to the absolute extreme, she was drunk most of the time - all that alcohol will have numbed the pain and relax her muscles...

*003*2021-09-15 21:40

{{1 hour ago, wjl1981 said:

This shouldn't be in wetting experiences. It belongs in the fiction section

}}

Sorry, but this is not fiction as it really happened! And I experienced it with, Veronica, that woman as reported, described and written.

It is extreme, but possible and reality.

I can even show you facts about medical urological emergencies with overly stretched bladders by e.g. protate blocking the exit or by bringe drinkers, who had alkohol induced neurological problems when drunk to extreme. It is possible (but not healthy) to even stretch a bladder up to 3..4..6+ liters. Then it will not empty completely any more. This endangers the bladder to inflammation and diverticulitis same as at the end rupture e.g. when hit, kicked or by falling.

And the pent up pee also endangers the kidneys in 2 ways: (a) by kidney infection and (b) also by overly high pressure by pent up pee, which endangers the sensible inner kidney structures.

The in my Story mentioned woman and a few others I met and fell into love with, were extreme holders - but definitely no fiction!

But later on I will also place some fiction stories here - and that then will be found in the fiction area.

