Had to go, with nowhere to go

Author: sephirothtx

*000*2012-11-14 18:34

So it's been a while since i had the time or the real want to pee myself, and the truth is it wasn't the first thing i thought off this morning.

You see i had to call UHC (med center) to reschedule and move an appointment to get myself insurance (well its not real insurance because i'm too poor for that and too rich for medcade, but hopefully its something that'll help till the texan tyrant is taken off his throne)

Anyway back to story i have a cell phone i cannot unplug, or it will crash, no matter what i'm doing on it, and then turn on like hte batteries dead.

So i'm sitting there, having just woke up, when that urge to pee starts to call 5 minutes into the long wait. It's the morning, you really gotta go or your bladders going to explode kind of thing.

I start to wiggle and worm, my right leg drums out an impatient beet, and it starts to worsen ten minutes into the wait. About thirteen i can feel it, its coming, i know i can go three ways. I can drop the call and run off to pee, and have to wait alll over again, i can force it to hold but i know it'll be one of those times where the bladder complains with a pain like a knife and i really don't like those.

So i go with option three, i relax, knowing very well i'll enjoy it anyway, and lett the golden, salty smelling flow, it flows out, directly hits the comforter i have and sprays back over my tummy and inner thighs, pooling on the plastic sheet around my bottom and legs, warming them.

As i shiver in both releif and arousal i'm still wetting when the rep comes on.

I try to calmly get the job done with her as i finally finish down below, sitting in nothing less than a little lake of pee, now quite aroused.

It takes a good ten minutes of sitting in my own, warm pee, wich seems not to cool under the covers, or maybe its my own warmth keeping it so, and then i'm done with her.

Lol and that's my latest wetting experince, it was hot, so now i'm going to go do naughty things in the shower ;D

