Accidental wetting! First post

Author: joneswynona

*000*2015-01-29 20:12

Okay so, this is my first post. I've been into omorashi, as long as I can remember. I'm 22 now, female. Never had I actually had any experience with accidents since being toilet trained as a child. I dreamt of it though. I Was always hoping I'd catch some one wetting their pants on accident. The thought thrilled me to my bones. Or even that I'd be the one desperate, forced to wet my pants. Well, little did I know, the latter would happen before the first.

I'm in nursing school currently. Out of 75 students, ten are male. There was one guy, although I was in a relationship with someone who wasn't into omorashi, who I was attracted to, Brian. We would always end up getting stuck together during clinical rotations, due to our last names beginning with the same letter. During our surgical rotation, we were partnered up to observe during this very critical cardiac surgery. The surgery was scheduled to last 4 hours. As we arrived to the unit that more morning, Brian had picked up a hot coffee for me at Starbucks. At 4 am, I was desperate for that. I chugged the entire thing before entering the sterile surgical room. 

Our instructor poked her head in just before the surgeon arrived and said "if you need to use the restroom, go now! Be back before Dr. ** gets In here! Once these doors are shut, this room needs to stay closed off. You may not leave unless you are bleeding or dying! Once you leave, you may not reenter which is automatic fail" (She was a bit dramatic). I, stupidly, stayed in the room. I was gowned up, scrubbed in, and didn't feel the need to go anyway. Brian jogged out, going to the Restroom, I grinned under my mask thinking about him peeing. Pulling his member out if his scrubs and peeing full force. I shiver. He runs back in next to me. "You ready for this? Don't pass out! "

The surgery takes off to a good start. Patient's stats are well, vitals are normal, easy. It was amazing watching every intricate move the doctor made while fixing this patients heart. Time was flying by. The surgery began at 530 am, it was now 830. The surgeon was about to begin closing up. My bladder sent a tiny signal to my brain, saying it needed relief. I ignored, knowing I could easily make it another hour until we get out. That's when it happen. Beeps, alarms, people shouting. Paddles. Electricity. The patient was coding, which means dying. We stood against the wall, making ourselves as small as we could while chaos ensued around us. "Stay out of the way!" our instructor had told us, "do not interrupt anyone!"

Another 45 minutes pass and the patient is stable. Excess damage had been done. Brian was getting nervous, and I had to use the restroom, bad. Coffee has always had that effect on me, takes a couple hours to hit me, and when it does, it's fast and powerful. My bladder was tbrobbing, I could see my bladder bulging through my scrubs. Brian and I were leaned up against the wall, in the corner. If there was a way I could slip out... I mean I knew the surgery wasn't going to be ending in an hour. A nurse came over and said, "well, you may be here a while. The longest surgery I've been in was 11 hours straight. Now I don't think this one will take that long, but we may be another 4 hours. I'm sorry you too, welcome to the world of nursing!"

Since childhood, I could hold my bladder for long periods of time. I was terrified of using public restrooms, so I'd simply not go if I wasnt at home. I'm the same way, still, at 22 years old.

7 hours into the surgery that was supposed to last 4, I was desperate. More desperate than I have ever been in my life. I was leaning up against the wall, slightly hunched over, with my thighs pressed together, trying as hard as I could not to breathe, because with every breath, I felt as if I'd lose total control, all while trying to be discreet.The muscles between my thighs ached and burned, begging to be released. Urine was stretching my bladder, making a bulge right between my two hip bones.

I saw Brian out of the corner of my eye glancing down at me, looking at my legs with a concerned look. He quickly looked away. another spasm hit, and I felt my panties get slightly damp. a small amount leaked out. My hands shot between my thighs and squeezed, stopping the tiny amount. Brian definitely saw this. I was humiliated, though no one else in the room saw. He leaned over to me, and said, "just sneak out," and I quickly obliged. As I stumbled to the door, the same nurse said to me, "I'm sorry, but you can't leave the ward. We should be finished in just under two hours."

I felt my bladder begin release, and a little more snuck out, soaking my panties, but not on my scrubs. I was able to stop it, and walk back over to Brian. This cannot be happening to me.

The plastic gowns we were wearing were plastic, long and blue, they came down over our knees and tied in the back, like a long sleeve apron. They serve the purpose of any bacteria that gets on our scrubs before the surgery won't be brought into the room, and any we get during surgery won't be brought out. we also wear shoe covers, which serve the same purpose. As I was walking back to the corner we stood in, I noticed Brian had a bulge poking through his gown right where his p**** is. He can't be enjoying this? I know I'm not. If he was the one who had to pee, I'd be loving it.

I stand next to Brian, my face hot with shame, and my bladder hotter with desperation. Brian whispered in my ear "you have to pee bad, don't you?"

"Obviously I do," I said.

"Do you think you're going to make it another hour or do you think you...."

"Do i think I'll what? " I snapped.

"wet your scrubs? Pee on yourself." He said.

Why did I detect hope in his voice? "No. I'll be fine," I lied. The clock was ticking, and my bladder was losing control slowly. Brian watched me, watched my body languag, he couldn't see the front of my scrubs due to the gown, but he could see the back, and every position I shifted, I'd catch him glancing down. He kept adjusting his crotch, slightly turning away from me when he did it, but I could still see how hard he was under those scrubs, bulging out. I could also hear him breathing heavier and heavier.

I think he likes seeing me like this. Was he into desperation to.

The next 15 minutes were the most embarrassing 15 minutes of my life.

Another alarm sound startled me, and the second my mind left the thought of my bladder, it took its chance and a forceful stream, lasting about 7 seconds came out, soaking a stream down my right leg. I could feel that my scrubs were wet there. The only thing covering me was my front, but this I directly between my legs, going straight down. You can see it from behind.

Brian sees.

My bladder spasms.

Brian knows it's spasming, he's breathing heavily, I notice his pulse bounding in his neck, he's sweating, and the tiniest of moans escapes from his throat.

Finally, my bladder overpowers my brain and pee begins gushing out, uncontrollably, soaking my panties, flooding my pu*** with hot, wet pee. the warm stain is spreading across my ass, soaking my scrubs, and Im standing with my legs crossed, hands shoved between under my gown, flooding. I feel the piss hit my socks and begin soaking my feet. Thank god for shoe covers. I suddenly dash out the room, no one noticing I left until I'm far gone. I run into the nurses locker room, not locking the door behind me, the stream just beginning to die off, as I decide the damage has been done, and I enjoy relaxing, standing, allowing last 10 seconds of pee to flow out between my legs completely relaxed, and feeling the hot liquid slide down my thighs, and all over my ass. Suddenly, a knock at the door,

"Are you in there? Let me in, it's okay, they didn't even see you leave!" Whispers Brian.

"I'm not letting you in!! I'm disgusting. I couldn't hold it." The door bursts open, Brian enters and locks it behind him.

"Come here," he says.

He reaches for my gown, and rips it off, examining the damge, eyes burning with lust. His gown is already off, and I can see his p**** bulging through his tight scrub bottoms, the bulge so tight I can see the outline of the head.

He looks me in the eye, as I'm crying, and looks as if he's trying to think. Suddenly, he kisses my lips hard, parting my mouth with his tongue, and shoving his hand between my thighs on top of my soaking wet scrubs, rubbing me. He leans down, pulls my soaked shoes off, pulls down my drenched scrubs and panties, rips off my shirt, and picks me up, wrapping my legs around his back, putting me up against the wall. He enters me, and I moan and tear into his back, and we both cum hard.

*005*2015-01-30 01:15

Glad you all enjoyed. I've aways love spending time on this site, since I've never shared this fetish with anyone before, until now, which made me want to make an account and share with you all! I will be honest, the very last paragraph is exaggerated a tad, the scenario happened, he followed me to the bathroom, but I didn't let him in. I made him leave. In the locker rooms, they have those special blue scrubs that people only wear during surgery so nurses change out of their normal scrubs and put onthose the hospital provides. I got naked, wiped my legs down, put on new scrubs, and by that time the surgery ended. That night, Brian texted me, worrying about me. We conversate a bit, and eventually I got him to admit his boner and he had to explain. He said he "had a weakness for a girl that has to pee really bad."

The last paragraph, is what we both wished would have happened. We havnt had any more wetting experiences since, but if we get to play, I'll share :)

