A simple dare turned into public pee play

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-10-05 17:57

In 6th grade my mom gave me the freedom to hang out unsupervised with the neighboring kids, it was a sweltering day the air was hot and I was hanging around my two friends: “Curly” and “Princess”, Princess was the same girl in my skirt wetting story, and like that skirt wetting story I said that I hate being interrupted when I’m entertained. I found holding my pee until I exploded felt nicer. I believe Curly felt the same because she wouldn’t go in her house. Speaking of Curly, she was the new girl on the street, and like me, going through puberty.

One afternoon, I noticed Curly acting strange

“I need to pee now, like really bad” She said while doing a “pee-pee” dance and held herself.

Princess chimed in, “Just go in your house.”

“But my mom once I go inside I can’t go out, a-and I won’t be able to play anymore” She was clearly desperate and it was kinda cute seeing her like that.

“Pee outside” I said without a thought. I’ve urinated in my friend’s backyard after swimming…I just never removed my pants (Hey, they were wet anyway)

“No!” Curly wiggled.

I smirked, “I dare ya!”

You can’t go back on a dare.

“I have no choice. It’s nearly leaking!” She ripped off her capri’s and squatted right there.

Curious, I got closer. I could see everything.

“Pee comes out like that?!” I said without a second thought.

It was like a spicket, liquid spewed out in all directions all over her feet. She moaned rather loudly, but it didn’t muffle the deafening

“PSSSSHT” sound as urine hit the ground. A little got on her jeans.

“Now your turn Panetto!” Curly said.

“Me?!”

“I dare ya!”

Fine. How’s it any different than before?

I pulled down my shorts as well and released my load of urine into the tiny shrub. It mixed with Curly’s causing it to foam and bubble a little. I realized what I was doing and blushed, but it was too late I was already urinating. It dripped down my leg and onto my pants, darn.

I could see the road from where I was, what if they saw my private parts?

Curly’s eyes then grew to the size of saucers, “PANETTO! YOU HAVE HAIR THERE!”

I looked away a little embarrassed by my unsightly hairs and covered my relieved sex.

Curly looked at Princess next, “Your turn!”

“No!” Princess flat out refused.

In coincidental unison we declared “I dare ya!”

*002*2015-10-13 19:49

{{ 

LOL. Must of been a weird day for yah that's all I got to say about that.

}}

It was awesome though!

