Some of the first I had seen

Author: diaperpeeftw

*000*2013-01-14 08:52

So Here is a story from when I was in 5th grade. I was out playing with my new neighbors one a guy and one a girl. the me and my guy friend were doing the things we always do; riding bikes, when unexpectedly here comes his sister (the girl of the story) riding her bike. we would pretend we were in cars and just ride for hours it was about one hour after we ate lunch so probably 1:00 pm we were still riding bikes when she exclaimed

"I really need to pee!"

I replied saying

"we can go back to my house."

Girl:"nah I can hold it"

That's when I got a wonderful idea to see something I had wanted to see. desperation even a wetting maybe.

As she got more desperate you could see her squeeze her legs together on her bike seat as she squirmed all around

That's when I said "I dare you to pee in you pants"

She got off her bike and stood there and to my amazement she said "I'll try"

She was standing there in a light blue tank top that you could see her nipples through considering she hadn't matured enough yet. she was also wearing jeans that were tight on top by the butt and loose the rest of the way.

She was moving all around holding her pussy. she would bend over and you could see the outline of here underwear and once in a while see it, light pink with multi colored poka dots.

She turned to me and said

"it's going to come out"

As she stood there now not holding herself getting ready to let it out but then she said

"I just cant do it"

But I noticed a little growing damp spot on her jeans . She was leaking and didn't want us to see!

I was getting back on my bike assuming that was the end but nope!

I heard a loud

"OH NO!"

As i heard what sounded like a water fall there she was legs trembeling completly wetting herself. it was flowing like a waterfall too. must have been just squirting out of her pussy and straght through her panties. after she was done i was exited considering i was about that age. she was in my life and still is and there is and will be much more to come

*please excuse my English

*feed back welcome and would be very much appreciated

I have many more story's of her and some other girls too!

*002*2013-01-16 04:36

So here is a story from middle school involving the same girl.

Me, her, and my friend; lets call him john were playing around in the woods behind my house. we were pretending to be wizards or something, any way while we were playing I "cast a spell" to make everyone have to pee. There she was again holding her crotch and jumping up and down again

Girl: I'm going to explode! you two guys go away so I can pee.

My friend John already turned and left but before I could leave she winked at me and waved me over. I eagerly went to go see what she wanted even though I had a feeling what it was.

She the told me "remember how I said I would do anything for you?" thats when I remembered she did say that one time (happened before this, will be the next story)

She then went on to explain that she knew I liked this from the time before (next story) and how she was doing this for me.

So we went off were there was no possible way john could see us. we went off into so tall grass when she made the most erotic sound I had ever heard at that time and immediately after said "it's going to come out!" right then and there she pulled down her jean short shorts but not her pink panties which had a little blue bow thing at the top, and she slightly lifted her pink t-shirt

I few seconds later I saw something I thought I would never see, she was peeing right through her panties as it hissed through them and splashed onto the dirt below I couldn't help but be ecstatic when she was done I asked what she would do, she went on to explain how she liked how wet and warm it was and that she would just leave her panties on.

Again there are many more storys of this girl in that same forest plus others . next story coming soon

*003*2013-01-17 16:42

Check out the third story (didn't turn out to be the one I originally had in mind) hope you will enjoy it all the same

You can find the third story here: 

$/11589-some-of-the-first-i-had-seen-part-iii/

