Check Mate - A Desperate Experience from my School Years

Author: Waittowee

*000*2012-08-21 23:15

Check Mate - A Desperate Experience from my School Years

A true experience, remembered from a long time ago, and fictionalised as best I can.......:

Several years ago, when I was at secondary school (High School for those in the USA!) I was a member of the school chess team. We used to play tournaments at our school, and visiting other schools. These always took place after the end of the school day. We always played in school uniform as we were representing the school, so I was dressed in my grey school trousers, white shirt, blue and yellow school tie, and my blue school blazer.

So on this day, I'd done a full school day, then after school, we all got into the minibus, and drove across the town to a school on the other side where todays tournament was happening. I'd gone for a pee earlier in the afternoon, but didn't go before we left. But really, I should have been fine. We arrived at the school and went into the classroom where the tournament was happening. An average classroom, brown wooden parquet floor, grey and white wooden desks, with metal legs. Plastic school chairs. Windows down one side of the room looked out onto the twilight of the winters afternoon. It was all set out as usual, with 6 or 7 desks pulled out, a chair on each side, and a chess board between. Water was provided - two cups and two bottles on each desk.

First game underway, and I was concentrating hard, absentmindedly drinking water as I pondered and considered my moves. Forty-five minutes later, the match was over. I won. When each pair had finished their first round match, we all swapped round, reset the chessboards, and the waters got replenished. It was pretty hot and stuffy in the classroom, the heating full blast on this cold winters day, so plenty of the water was being drunk. A general hubbub of conversation surrounded the reset, scraping of chairs on the floor as people stretched their legs. The second round started, the room fell silent again, only broken by the occasional scuffing of the chess pieces being moved on the boards, and the sounds of water being poured and drunk. This match went long.

About an hour later, my opponent finally check mated me, and it was over. By this time, I was aware that the water I had drunk was beginning to have an effect on my bladder. I needed a pee. Not desperately yet, but the sensation was there - the tension in my bladder, the pinpricking urge in the end of my penis. My game was the last one to finish, so we were quickly reset, and into the third and final round. I was still pretty confident that I could make it through this game and back to my school, then go for a pee. I sat down opposite my opponent, and crossed my legs, squeezing my thighs together for a moment as I did so. My urge subsided slightly.

I looked across at my opponent. A very pretty girl, of about my own age. Helena. As she opened the game, I shifted in my seat, and crossed my legs the other way. It helped a bit, but my bladder was filling. I could really feel the tension in my lower abdomen, the urge in my crotch intensified. I wiggled slightly in my chair, trying to numb the urges, and focussed on the game. Helena was a good player - challenging every attack I made, constantly on the ball, making her moves quickly, precisely. We played on, my fidgeting growing as time passed. I was really in a bad way by now, desperate to pee, clenching and clenching my muscles, trying to fidget as little as possible so that hopefully neither Helena nor anyone else would realise my predicament. I was at that shy stage of young teenage years where you really don't like to admit to the need for bodily functions - particularly not in front of pretty girls that you've only just met.

Our game lasted fifty minutes, give or take a few. Helena won. She probably would have on any day, but today especially, I simply couldn't focus properly. I made silly mistakes, and she immediately seized on them and capitalised. I shook hands with her, pushed my chair back, and carefully stood up, clenching hard to avoid shaking my legs or squirming. It was no good. There was no way I was going to make it through the minibus ride back to school. I looked for a teacher, found one, and asked if I could use a toilet. He frowned. It was 5pm by now, way after the school would normally be open and the caretakers might have started shutting up for the night. They might still be open though and he told me where they were. So far, I'd managed all this pretty discreetly, but then to my horror he called Helena over - "Helena, could you show this young man where the boys toilets are?"

I blushed, crimson red, a prickly heat of embarrassment flowing over me. But I was in no position to back out - I HAD to go. Standing on the spot I was fighting the urge to squirm and jiggle up and down, or grab myself to numb the desperate urge in my penis for a moment. A delicate blush painted Helena's cheek - she too, was clearly not comfortable. She led the way out of the room, down the corridor. I tried to keep a step or two behind her, so that she wouldn't notice my sightly stiff walk, my hand in my pocket, my occasional squeezing of my penis as I fought to hold my desperate young bladder.

Turn, first left, then right. Up another corridor. Silence. No small talk. Helena walked hurriedly, not turning to look at me. The sound of her steps on the tiled floor echoed in the empty corridor. I shuffled equally hurriedly behind her. Please let them be open. Please. Please. Please. As we approached the toilets, I gave my penis one last squeeze and clenched hard. Just in time. Helena turned to face me. "Here they are."

"Thank you!"

I turned to the door and pushed it. Unyeilding. Locked. My heart sank. It must have showed in my face. "Wait," Helena said, "I'll try the girls for you, I can always stand outside and make sure nobody goes in." I could have kissed her. Though clearly embarrassed by the whole situation, she was trying her best for me. She stepped across the corridor to the girls. Taking the opportunity of her turned back, I bounced up and down behind her, squeezing my legs together, fighting, fighting, fighting to hold it in. Helena raised a hand to the girls toilet door and pushed. It too was locked. I began to panic. There was no way I could hold it all the way home. I straightened up just before she turned back to me, but not quite in time. She caught me straightening, and immediately looked away. "Are you going to be ok?" she asked, real concern in her voice.

"Yes," I lied, "I'll be fine, I'll just wait till we get back." Back through the corridors, Helena walking ahead of me, me lagging behind, hand in my pocket again, squeezing my penis, desperately trying to numb the intense urge in it's tip enough to keep my pee in. I could feel the muscles in the base of my penis fluttering with the effort of clenching, and the fullness of my bladder heavy in my lower abdomen. As we reached the classroom again my teammates were just leaving to get back on the bus. I turned to follow them. "Bye,' said Helena suddenly, "sorry I could't help." I turned, briefly forced a smile, then followed out of the building towards the bus.

I chose a seat at the back of the bus, with a row to myself. The bus was a 16 seater, and there were only 7 in the chess team, so spreading out was not a problem thank goodness. As the bus pulled out of the school, I sat and squirmed in my seat, willing my muscles to hold on that little bit longer, willing my bladder to be big enough to hold to school. Minutes passed. The bus rocked, shuddered and jolted as we drove back through the town, every jolt, every turn sending spasms through my bladder. About half way home the urge intensified suddenly. I clenched hard, sat forward, rocked back and forth in my seat, grabbed my penis and squeezed for all I was worth. Clench. Clench. I felt my muscles flutter. CLENCH. Squeeze. Flutter again. I felt a spurt escape, felt it flow though my tubes, felt it come out of the tip, and felt it's dampness against my fingers through my trousers. Shit. Panicking, I bounced up and down, violently squeezing myself, clenching as hard as I could.

Another spurt. Another, another. I was losing control. I could feel my boxers growing wet around me, as I kept squeezing myself I could feel the crotch of my trousers dampening against my fingers. Shit, shit, shit. I looked around. Nobody was watching, everyone else looking out of the windows of the bus into the darkness as we drove through the housing estate around the school. Nearly there. Squirming and clenching like mad, I regained a bit of control, and held back the spurting. I looked down at my crotch. Even in the darkness of the bus I could see my trousers had a wet patch. How was I going to get off the bus? I did up my blazer. It covered my crotch, just. I kept squirming, kept clenching - if I could just hold on 5 more minutes I could be off the bus and into the toilets at school. The minutes passed slowly. My young, tired muscles struggled.

I felt another spurt escape, fresh wetness flowing into my boxers and trousers. Grabbing myself and squeezing myself I stopped the flow again. I could feel the pee against the inside of my leg, the fabric of my trousers growing wet from it. The bus stopped. Engine died into silence. Among the bustle of people getting bags and coats I gingerly stood, one hand in my pocket, one hand holding my blazer in place trying to disguise that I had started to wet myself. Everyone got off the bus ahead of me. I shuffled down it, and stepped off, every step I took threatening to overpower my control, threatening my clenched muscles.

Another spurt. I squeezed myself and kept squeezing, trying to physically prevent any more pee coming out, though I could feel my full, tortured, tired bladder contracting, trying to force it out. I could't clench against it anymore, I just couldn't. My muscles had given up. I tried as hard as I could to keep tightening them against the flow. The urge I felt was unbearable, my bladder contracting, forcing pee through my penis, my hand squeezing it closed. Half running, half shuffling I made for the Lower School building. The lights were still on. I could see a cleaner inside. I felt trickle of pee escape, running out of me, into my crotch. I could feel the warm wet feeling spread down my leg. Into the building, past the cleaner. Crashed into the unlocked door of the boys toilet. In front of a urinal. Hand away.

I clenched as hard as I could to hold it back, but I couldn't. As I struggled with my fly, bouncing and squirming like mad, the dam burst and I felt my pee spraying out of me, into my uniform trousers. Fly undone. Hand in through the fly, grabbed my penis and pulled it out, spraying pee everywhere as I did. Aim. Unclench. Release. The spurting spray turned into a torrent against the urinal. I felt my whole body relax, the tension of the last hour flowing out of me. My boxers, the crotch of my trousers and the inside of my trouser legs were soaked. Finally, my flow subsided. Final couple of spurts, shake, and put myself away and re-zipped my fly. My blazer could't cover the damage anymore. I walked quickly past the cleaner, blushing beat red, hoping against hope they wouldn't notice. I pushed open the school door and walked out into the night air, for a very damp walk home.

Cg125

*003*2012-08-30 17:30

{{ 

Sorry this is such a late reply but I really love this story.

And I know these are small things but some of my favorite things about your writing are:

I'm not 100% sure my understanding of "the rule of three" is right, but I love when you repeated words three times or used three different adjectives to describe things:

"The bus rocked, shuddered and jolted"

"Please. Please. Please."

"My full, tortured, tired bladder"

And something about the parts where your sentences get shorter really adds to the tension. When you're describing the scene and setting up the story before the desperation your sentences are longer and calmer/more concise and as you get more desperate in the story your sentences are shorter and have a lot more one-word sentences and sentence parts put together with a dash. I love that xD

Also something about the sentence "Engine died into silence."

Awesome, awesome story. Great job =D

}}

Hi Sara! Glad you enjoyed it, thank you very much for your very kind compliments.

