Pretty Small Story

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-04-30 15:56

This story isn't much, as it was just something that may have happened, but I felt like sharing none the less.

Now, I work in a discount department store that is really secure against theft. I mean so secure that we put security tags on our shopping baskets and huge poles on the carts that keep them from going outside. So, we have rules about what goes in the fitting room, and an attendant that makes sure you come out with what you went in with. But for bathrooms, that would be a little difficult, and so we have a lock on ours. The employees know the code, but for anyone else to get in, the fitting room attendant has to hold down a button to let them in. That way, we have a better chance of stopping them from bringing merchandise in.

I'm sure you think you know where this is going, that as fitting room attendant, I have all these epic stories of desperation. Yeah, I wish. Every time I work fitting room, I'm on the lookout, but nothing.

Last night I was the front end supervisor, so I had a headset. We give headsets to the front end, fitting room attendant, manager on duty, and security guy, so we can all be in contact. While I'm up there, the fitting room attendant calls the manager and says, "We had a boo-boo in the fitting room. I'm going to need a mop."

Naturally, my curiosity is already peaked, but it comes to a head when a woman with two girls (I'm estimating fifteen or sixteen) check out. I start bagging their clothes, but one of them stops me with a pair of leggings and says, "No, we need those now." The mom says, "You don't even want to know why. We can probably never shop here again."

The two girls then take the leggings and run off to the fitting room while I finish ringing the mom up. They soon return, with a tied off shopping bag in hand. There are clearly some jeans in there, and the mom tells them to take it to the car while she goes to get the other girl. Not really clear on the details, but it sounds like there was a wetting of some kind, and I'm so curious! We were slammed pretty soon after that so I didn't get a chance to ask my manager or the attendant, and I felt weird bringing it up later.

I really wonder how that happened though, if that is what happened. I mean, the bathrooms are directly across from the ladies' fitting room, so what was stopping her? Oooooh, man, I wish I had been on fitting room last night, and that's saying something considering it's my least favorite job. Just my luck, huh?

