The Desperate Wally

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-09-08 23:11

Before I start the story i will explain the title. I don't mean Wally as in someone who is being daft and stupid. I mean Wally as in the character, or for my American readers Waldo. I have always loved "Where's Wally" and this experience made me love it so much more.

So the tale begins about half 11 at night and me and my husband were sat on the platform waiting for our train home. We had been out for a meal to celebrate our friends birthday and were now heading home. As we were sat waiting the train on the platform next to ours pulled in and a load of people got off. Amongst which were a group of about 30 women of all ages dressed up as Wally. The train had come from the coast and it was obvious they were out celebrating something and had been to the seaside and by the looks of them they had a good day. They stood on the platform chatting and they said their goodbyes and some left the station and others went to different platforms.

After about 10 minutes there were only two left and i couldnt take my eyes off them. They were both mid 20's and they were the sexiest wally's i had ever seen. Some of the other women were more...conservative....with their costumes but these two both had on small tight spandex shorts and stripey vest tops that showed a whole lot of cleavage and to top it off they both had cute little hats on. I will post a pic at the bottom so you have an idea. They came and sat on the bench behind ours and were chatting away about their day and it was obvious they were both a bit tipsy.

Out of nowhere the blonde one said "i could do with a wee.....but i really cant be bothered going all the way across to the other platform to use the toilets, and anyway the train will be here in a couple of minutes". Her friend replied with "well they are probably shut anyway, i mean look around, there is only me and you and this couple sat behind us". A couple of minutes later our train pulled in and we got on and sat on the first table seat in the carriage. The two girls got on and sat on the table opposite ours, luckily for us.

As they sat down the blonde girl put her legs up on the seat and I almost fell out of my chair. The spandex on her shorts had stretched across her pussy leaving little to the imagination, it was now obvious she was wearing nothing underneath. Five minutes passed and all i had done was stare at the sexy sight opposite me. By now i could feel my own bladder start to feel really full due to the wine i had had with dinner. I crossed my legs and went back to admiring.

The train set off and as we travelled along I absently mindedly watched lights flying by the window trying to figure out what they were from and where we were. All the while i was aware that my bladder was almost full and i was getting really desperate. I couldn't stop wiggling in my seat and my husband obviously noticed as he gave me a knowing smile and i mouthed "i really need a wee". He winked and said "yeah so do i". I went back to looking out the window now thinking about both of us needing to pee and wondering what we could do when we got home.

I was brought back to reality suddenly by the brunette giggling and saying "you ok?". I looked round and the blonde said "yeah, just you know i said i could do with a wee when we were at the station.....well now i could really do with a wee". I looked down and noticed her hand pressed on her crotch and a little wiggle occurring. I completely forgot she had said she needed to pee. The brunette teased her about it to which the blonde replied "its not funny, its getting really bad now".

For the next 10 minutes i watched her as her wiggling got more and more noticeable. Suddenly mid sentence she leaned forward and said "oh god i need to pee so bad" and glanced down". I looked at her crotch where she was looking and saw a tiny little wet patch on the front of her shorts. My mind exploded, i knew she needed to pee but i didn't realise it was that bad. Her friend laughed at the wet spot and teased her about wetting herself to which she said "its not funny, i nearly am wetting myself". As she said this I felt a tap on my leg and turned round and my husband said "she isn't the only one" and squirmed. I winked at him and rubbed my belly and he winked back.

The announcer said we were approaching our stop and the girls stood up and went and stood by the door. We stood up and went and stood behind them. The blonde girl was stood wiggling and dancing and i was mesmerised by her spandex covered bum wiggling from side to side. The train pulled into the station and the doors opened. The two girls got off and moved to the side to let us off. As we got off the brunette said that she was going the opposite way as she was being picked up in the car park.. Me and my husband were climbing up the stairs and when we got to the top i looked down and they were saying thier goodbyes.

The blonde was stood pee dancing and i loved the fact she was desperate but was just chatting so casually. Watching her pee dance was making my need worse and as i thought this my husband said "i cant hold it much longer, im gonna go pee". We only live round the corner from the station but there are times that we pee in an alleyway over the road from the station, sometimes cos we feel naughty and want to pee outside and other times cos we are so desperate we know we wont make it the small walk round the corner.

I nodded at him and he walked over the road and i followed. He went into the alleyway and went round into the courtyard. It was an old factory with a few garages but it has been in disuse ever since i was a kid so we were never bothered about peeing there. He told me to keep a look out and i said i would and told him to hurry up because now i was so close to being able to pee the urge was so much stronger and i was almost wetting myself. Just as i said this the girl appeared at the top of the stairs and hurried across the road towards me. As she came into the alleyway it was obvious she was coming to do the same as us.

I told my husband to wait but she heard me and must of realised what was happening because she said "oh no don't stop cos of me i wont look......im here to do the same". Suddenly there was a splashing sound as his pee hit against the wall. The sound send shock waves to my bladder and it must have affected her too as she started dancing. She looked at my leg bobbing and asked if i needed to go too. I nodded and she laughed and said "its not often you get a queue". I laughed and asked if she wanted to go first. She said "no its fine, you were here first....just promise you will be quick". I giggled and said i would.

My husband finished and came round the corner. I dashed past him, pulled down my knickers and lifted my skirt up, before i could squat down it came gushing out and ran down my legs, i quickly squatted down and sighed in relief. The girl shouted round the corner "oh god that sounds nice, please be quick im gonna burst......oh god". The knowledge she was stood just round the corner on the verge of wetting herself waiting for me to finish was such a turn on. I eventually finished peeing and stood up and fixed my clothing and walked back out.

I stopped dead, she was stood bent over with her hands buried in her crotch with small leaks of pee running down her legs. She looked up and said "oh god and ran past me round the corner". There was a huge sigh and the sound of pee hitting the concrete. The sound was amazing. After a couple of minutes she re-emerged looking a bit shy. My husband asked if she was ok and she nodded sheepishly". I looked down and saw her shorts were dripping wet. I looked at her and she said "i didn't have time to take them off, the moment i got round there it burst out and i couldn't stop it....im so embarrassed.

I told her not to be embarrassed and my husband asked her how she was getting home. She said she was going to ring a taxi but now she was too embarrassed to. He told her to come with us and he would give her a lift home. She walked round to our house with us and he nipped inside, grabbed a towel and his car keys and came back out. He put the towel on the front seat and she got in. He came round and kissed me and said he would be back shortly. I went inside and went upstairs. My mind was filled with the image of her squirming, dancing, her wet shorts. My hand found their way up my skirt and next thing i knew i heard a cough and found my husband stood at the end of the bed and said "you naughty girl"......the rest I will leave to your imagination .

Here is the pic of the fancy dress she was wearing, it was very similar to this -

*004*2014-09-08 23:41

{{ 

That was really nice of you guys to give her a ride home.

}}

We are just that nice, Yorkshire hospitality at its finest :p

*006*2014-09-09 00:25

{{ 

Another fantastic read - so well written, I can certainly picture the scene. Thanks for sharing it, and keep them coming!

I was thinking about this sort of scenario earlier, strangely enough, after talking about planning a day out with a friend. We've been out on a really well publicised 'Ale Trail' (the Transpennine one - not sure if that's your part of Yorkshire or not!) a few times in the past, using the train to get between pubs (last time - fairly short journey but with a change of trains on the way, left it too late to go before leaving one pub, train was a few minutes late, didn't go on the train either, then regretted it when waiting for the second train at a station with no facilities whatsoever...!). It's always been quite calm, but I'm told it's quite a party atmosphere at weekends. I wonder how many times a similar story's played out in reality every weekend? I'd like to imagine that it's quite common

}}

Ive been on the ale trail many a time, I love it

*009*2014-09-09 10:03

{{ 

It's always been a fantastic day out for us - I've obviously never been as lucky as you with that sort of sighting! There was a bit of concern that the only toilet on the train home (well over an hour on one of the local trains...the old, slow and broken ones...) wasn't working, but sadly it turned out that it was. Maybe next time...

}}

You will just have to hope one day you come across me and Shadow, we are always desperate when we go on the Ale Trail :p

*014*2014-09-10 10:04

{{ 

Even better, at some of the pubs you can wait until the train's coming into the platform before finishing your pint and going to catch it. No suspicious clock-watching and no opportunities for a quick visit that way

}}

We do that, we watch out of the window for the train coming and when we see it we have to go quick which means you dont get chance to pee, makes for some fun :p

