A day in my dreams

Author: paragon

*000*2014-04-24 03:15

It's a beautiful spring day. I decide to take her to the park to enjoy the weather. I pull on my clothes after calling her to let her know I'll be picking her up for the day. I get in my car and roll the windows down, smiling as a breeze wafts in to my car. I put on a sublime CD and drive to her house. She answers her door with an adorable smile. The smell of her sweet perfume fills the air, and her beautiful auburn hair falls gently on her shoulders. She has on my favorite dress... a flowing light sundress with spaghetti straps, and a low cut that shows off her sexy breasts.

Her cute little feet are in black sandals and her toenails are painted a light shiny pink. After drinking her in I put my arm around her and walk with her to my car. I don't fail to notice her painfully delicious ass swaying slightly as she walks. I open her car door for her and smile at her as she settles in. Soon we're off on the road with the wind blowing in our faces. It's then she slips her feet out of her sandals and puts them up on the dash. The wind billows her dress and I see that this naughty little girl painted her toenails to match her satin panties. She sees me notice them as we stop at a red light. She grins, pulls her dress up so I can inspect them better and asks "Do you like them? Aren't they cute?" I have to agree. I also have no choice but to give them a rub to sate myself. She grins again then puts her legs back down for the rest of the trip.

After we pull in to the park, I hop out while she puts her feet back in her sandals. I open her door again and she hops out daintily. I take the chance to give her a deep kiss, and since nobody is in this part of the park, I take the liberty of sliding my hand up her dress and getting a good hold of her sexy ass. She wiggles it playfully and says "Let's go!". She takes my hand and leads me off on the trail. I chat with her in between watching her ass as she walks. She tells me how much water she's been drinking all day. She stops walking and grabs my hand, placing it on her lower tummy. "This is all pee! Feel how round it is!".

Naturally I do, and don't lose the opportunity to push on it. She giggles before backing up, still holding my hand and leading me quicker along the trail.

"It's gonna be a lot!" she says.

"Mmm I'm glad, baby..." Finally we make it to the bridges over one of the many ponds scattered in the park. Very secluded, but very open. Her pace quickens as she picks up her dress a little on the bridge. I see a wet spot just under her ass, her pink satin panties shining in the sun. A couple drops land on the wood planks of the bridge.

"Hold on baby... wait until we're in the middle!"

"I'm trying hard..."

Finally we make it to the little cutout in the middle of the bridge, surrounded by tall water foliage and filled with three benches. She stands in the middle as I sit on one of the benches to watch my own private show. She lifts her dress all the way up to her breasts so her bare tummy and panties hang out in the open. She parts her beautiful thighs and starts to let her bladder go. A tasty stream of light yellow runs out and spatters on the wood below her. She moans a little as she lets it go. It pools beneath her, and starts to trickle in to the pond below us.

Finally she reaches down, pulls her panty crotch to the side and lets a stream out, and as she squats down to release the rest of her orgasmic deluge, I can't stop myself from cumming. She rubs her clit while still peeing, moaning a little as the sight of my orgasm triggers her own. As the last drops fall from her smooth lips, she wiggles her ass a little to make sure they fall. She lets her panties slide back in to place and stands up smiling. She kisses me deeply, moaning gently.

We walk back to the car, which feels further than before. She announces every time some more pee fills her panties. I just smile and softly say "Sexy girl..."

We arrive at the car and I open her door for her. I slide my hands under her dress and slip my thumbs in the waste band of her panties. I pull them down her tasty thighs and she steps out of them sweetly for me, putting her hand on my shoulder for balance. They're soaked almost completely, and still quite warm. I dare to suck just a little on the crotch of them, tasting her salty liquid. She giggles and sits in the car, taking the panties away from me. The entire drive home, she smiles and sways a little to the music. After getting her home, I walk her to the door and kiss her soft lips, thanking her for a perfect day.

Before she closes her door she giggles and says "I left you a little present!".

As I get back to my car, I see her soggy panties sitting in her seat. "Sexy girl..."

