Right this very second

Author: Mia Moore

*000*2011-01-25 03:57

I'm going to write about what I'm experiencing at this moment because I have a bit of an exhibition fetish as well as omorashi. I hope this is okay...

Anyway, I noticed I had to pee before I wrote my introduction. I ate my dinner and drank a coke and now I'm lying in bed with my laptop and my legs tightly crossed. The pressure in my bladder is getting very hard to handle. My hands are shaking as I type because I keep having to shift and squeeze my thighs together. I don't want to wet myself but I want to see how close I can come before I chicken out and head to the restroom.

My bladder calms down once in a while. Right now, I feel almost okay, like I only have the slightest discomfort but I'm well aware that pretty soon, I'll have to go or I'll lose control.

And the pressure increased again and I'm wiggling. Crossing and uncrossing my legs and squeezing my thighs together. My legs are shaking and I'm starting to get nervous that I'll pee myself. It's like a strong tingling at the bottom of my pussy and it feels like my clit is throbbing. Every once in a while, I get a really hard throb down there and I have to squeeze my legs together harder to keep myself in check.

Right now, I'm trembling all over and I'm seriously afraid I'm going to lose it at any moment. I might not be able to make it to a bathroom even if I jump up right this instant and run as fast as I can.

My bladder is so uncomfortably full and but the desperation is making me feel pretty aroused as well. On the one hand, I'm terrified that I'll wet, on the other, I want to feel what it's like to let loose and soak my undies and sheets.

I'm calm for a second right now. Writing about this is both exciting and nerve-wracking. Because I'm focusing on it instead of trying to distract myself. It's interesting.

What do you guys think? Should I hold out a little longer or should I rush to the toilet?

*004*2011-01-25 04:19

Still holding it. I can't believe I haven't peed my pants or rushed to the bathroom yet.

This is really thrilling. I've been going on other threads and reading stories from other people and looking at pictures and links. It's really a charge, sitting here on my bed and having to pee and knowing that other people know about it.

I keep having moments where I don't feel like I have to pee all that bad and then I'll suddenly feel a throbbing pressure and tingling and I'll be dancing in place. I feel like I'll probably end up running to the bathroom and standing in the tub so I can pee on myself without making a mess but this is really starting to make me shake...

*006*2011-01-25 04:29

{{:

Im still rooting for ya! At least no matter what you do its sure to turn out sexy ;)

}}

I sure hope so!

Have any of you guys ever drank anything when you were already desperate? I got up and changed into my pajamas and went to get an orange soda from the fridge. I've never downed a drink while having to pee. It's nerve-wracking!

Anyway, I think I can hold out just a little bit longer. I'm starting to feel my face heat up from this experience (along with various other parts of my body :D ) I'm having a little trouble focusing on anything other than how badly I have to pee. Ugh... I really really want to make this last....

*010*2011-01-25 05:14

My bladder is starting to feel sore. I'm feeling a little weak in the legs from holding this so long. I'm looking forward to the release as well as enjoying this squirmy feeling from having to pee so bad. In fact... I think I'm going to hop in the shower, fully clothed and let go. I'll write the experience below.

= = = = = = =

Wow... I seriously underestimated my ability to hold it! I was in the shower for a good fifteen minutes, squirming and such. Here's what I did, I took off the night gown but left my panties on. I turned the shower on warm and went through the motions of showering, washing my hair, and such. I still felt that achingly wonderful need to pee but I was able to hold it. Finally, thinking I was going to have to wait a bit longer before I totally lost control, I turned off the water and got ready to leave the shower. The moment I lifted my leg, a burst of pee came out. I quickly grabbed my crotch out of instinct to stem the flow but I'd been holding it for so long and I had drank so much today that it just kept coming and coming. I was shocked by how much pee I had in my bladder. I must have been full to bursting! I don't know exactly how much pee I let out, but I was wetting at full force for several long moments before it slowed down. I thought I was done. Needless to say, I wasn't.

As soon as I stepped out of the shower and began drying myself off, a new wave of pee came out and I got it all over my legs, towel and the tiled floor. It was almost as good as having an unintended accident. :D I hope you guys enjoyed this little chronicle of my night in holding.

I'm going to lie down and attend to the pent up desire. Fare well!

*012*2011-01-25 05:40

{{:

Keep posting similar incidents, your a good descriptive writter :)

}}

Why thank you! I believe it has a lot to do with the amount of fanfiction I write. I'm pretty popular in my fandom (as I mentioned in my introductory post) and my reputation is well earned.

Glad you enjoyed it. And I'll consider posting again in the future. Maybe tomorrow night. I'll be sure to drink a LOT more next time I do.

*016*2011-01-26 00:34

{{:

I have to echo the above comment, your writing is truly a joy to read. And naturally the situation you found yourself in was also quite delicious on top of that. Something you said prompts me to ask a question... since you mention you happen to like the idea of people knowing you have to pee, have you ever 'exaggerated' your need to hold in public or actually let yourself get purposely desperate where people could see? I recall you saying that you weren't as open in real life as in the Internet, but I thought I'd ask.

Also, let me re-iterate that this experience was completely awesome. It almost inspires me to try holding again (I have a ridiculously weak bladder <.<)

}}

Thanks! Unfortunately, I'm kind of shy in public, but I do have a tendency to get desperate in public for my own enjoyment. I try to hide it but I like going around feeling like I have to pee and doing normal things with the thought that I could lose it at the edge of my mind. It's just a thrill.

{{:

I really like your holding moment and you are good writer too, when reading it felt like being in place. in near future, maybe in next weekend im going to hold too as long as i can for change. hopefully here could be enough people online in same time for a little hold it contest.

}}

I'll look forward to it if it happens. I'm glad so many people enjoyed reading this.

*018*2011-01-26 01:14

Guess who's back for another round of the Holding Game? Heh.

I'm making things a little bit more interesting today. I have one of those extra-long incontinence pads in my panties so I'll have a bit more time to rush to the bathroom if I need to. Also, I'm going to be drinking full glasses of water every twenty or so minutes. Right now, I feel like I could pee but it's not an emergency. I'm also going to be asking for feedback from you guys. Let me know what you'd like me to do and I'll do my best to fill some requests, mkay? ;)

*020*2011-01-26 01:23

{{:

Dancing around the room I think xD

That or do 20 star jumps, pushups, etc.. Just stuff that works your muscles

I always used too do that to try and wear my muscles down so I'd have a little less control

}}

Did 20 squats. Seemed like the best way to work those muscles and wear them out.

I am now at 2 full glasses of water and feeling a slight bit of pressure. Oh, and my little sister is using our only bathtub so this might get a bit difficult....

I still feel pretty in control, only a slight tingling. It feels pretty good to be honest. I'm excited to see what happens next.

= = = = = = =

Just finished my third glass of water and still feel pretty okay. No real throbbing to speak of. I'm sitting on my bed with my knees spread and feet pressed together. Wearing white panties with a pad in them and white socks with my purple and white spotted night gown. Still looking for suggestions, dear readers.

*022*2011-01-26 02:17

I walked away for twenty minutes to do some writing and I'm starting to really feel the pressure now. My bladder feels sore and full. I drank some lemonade per Meowth's recommendation and now I'm wiggling a bit. Every so often my bladder sends a pulse right to my pussy and I'm having difficulty concentrating. I'm still sitting with my knees spread apart so I have to use only my abs and lower muscles to keep myself from peeing. I've drank a total of 4 glasses of water and one glass of lemonade now and the soreness is getting difficult to handle.

My little sister is STILL in the bathtub, if you can believe it. I guess she likes long baths.

Oh man, my bladder keeps giving little spasms and I have to keep grabbing my crotch, it's making it hard to type this. My left foot is tapping on the floor and it's getting harder not to close my legs. I'm at the point now where I can hardly keep still. The urge to pee is getting more severe far faster than it had yesterday, probably because I drank so much more today. I'm going to get another glass of water but I'm not sure if I'll be able to finish it all before I have to pee. Or if I'll even make it down stairs to the kitchen to refill my glass.

Oh... this is starting to hurt a bit...

*023*2011-01-26 02:40

I keep letting out little moans because of how good this hurts. I don't know how much longer I can hold this in. Surprisingly, I'm still dry even though I've kept my legs apart most of the time. It took awhile last night for me to lose control in spite of how much moving around I did to aid in the process.

I'm rocking back and forth and shifting from side to side as I write this. It's a bit painful and I'm worried that if I try to stand up I'll wet myself. I think I'm going to try standing up anyway. Maybe I'll rush to the bathroom, maybe not. What should I do, ladies and gents? Should I wet myself right here and now? On the one hand, the mess will be harder to clean up, on the other hand, I kind of want to know how it feels.

My sister has left the bathroom by now so if I want to, I can rush to the tub and just let loose in there. I was hoping for more feedback this time, but I guess everyone's busy...

