Near Wetting While Playing Video Games

Author: superweirdstuff1

*000*2015-03-31 08:11

This is my first actual experience that I'm writing about. This is not my first time wetting though, this just happens to be one of the more notable wettings I've ever done.

So a few days ago I had nothing better to do so I decided to do a hold randomly. I drank four 12oz (355ml) bottles of Gatorade while playing video games on my computer. My current set up is a gaming laptop on a desk, and the nearest bathroom is in my bedroom down the hall. I played for a few hours slowly feeling my bladder fill and expand in size. I got bored of the game I was currently playing and began to browse the web for omorashi related content when a friend skyped me. I picked up (no video) and he wanted to know if wanted to play Payday 2 with him and one of his friends. I was questioning going to the restroom and peeing before beginning, but I decided against it. I joined my friend and we began playing a few missions. 

Before we started I was already squirming and was working on my 5th Gatorade. I finished my Gatorade in the middle of a chaotic heist and decided to stop my intake of fluids so I could concentrate on the game. We finished a few missions before I became extremely desperate. We were stuck on a heist and had to restart several times. By the time we started the heist I was already grabbing myself frequently. I couldn't wait to finish the mission so I could go pee. I was squirming like crazy and grabbing my crotch every few seconds. It seemed like we hit a wall. I know my (already pitiful) skills were being worsened by my need to pee, but my friends should of been able to complete it without my help. I was trying my hardest to help, but was preoccupied with my current situation. I wanted to moan from the pain and pleasure of being desperate, but since my friends could hear every sound I made I had to bite my tongue and stay quiet. On the fourth time doing the mission I was panicking.

If we didn't finish it this time Id have to bolt to the restroom and leave them without any help, or possible just wet myself at my desk if worse came to worse. We were almost finished with the mission when the first leak came. It was a quick spurt that just dampened my boxers. I lost all focus on the game as I regained control. I had one hand on my crotch and one on my mouse at this point. I had to use both hands so I clenched my bladder muscles and quickly moved my player into the escape zone. The mission finally ended and we returned to the lobby. I quickly told my friends that I needed to take a leak and took of my mic. As soon as I stood up the increased weight of my bladder forced me to double-over. I had to quickly and quietly hobble into my restroom because my mic was still on.I slowly hobbled down the hall and bedroom to the restroom, trying my hardest not to strain my bladder.

As soon as I reached the door to the restroom my bladder was about to give out. I was standing there about to wet myself, my hand being the only thing keeping the contents of my bladder inside me. I quickly dropped my pants and jumped into the shower, allowing a small stream of urine to begin to make its way out of my bursting bladder. As soon as I was inside I relaxed and let my bladder release. I was wearing grey boxer-briefs which showed a remarkable dark spot as the warm urine soaked through them. Starting near the waistband because of my erection and quickly cascading down my right thigh. I sighed as I looked down at myself watching the dark stain slowly spread in all direction.I seemed to pee for ages soaking the front of my boxers. 

After I pushed out the last of my pee, I began to pleasure myself when I remembered my friends were still waiting on me to continue playing. The thought that I almost wet myself while talking to my friends aroused me even more, but it had to wait. I quickly threw my soaked boxers into the sink and washed my legs of in the shower. I put on some new boxers and slipped my pants on again and joined my friends. As we began to play again I smiled to myself knowing what I just got away with.

