[FEMALE] My First Real Wetting

Author: mistyomo

*000*2015-12-30 23:28

Alright so this is my first shared experience and I'm super nervous about the response...but here goes...

I've been into Omorashi since I was about 12, it just kinda developed along with other fetishes. No special story of how it came to be. However I never had the chance to truly wet myself, as I live with my parents (though I do wash my own clothes so that kinda makes things easier).

A few weeks ago, that changed!

I was wearing a pair of male blue jeans (They're comfortable, shut up!!) and I had the familiar urge. I thought "What if I just let go right now? What would be the result?" Well in the process of thinking about this, I started to leak...more than I ever truly intended. The feeling rushed around my..'area' and suddenly I was smiling and shivering. This feeling truly set Omorashi in place for me. I let more out slowly and gave myself a small rub through my jeans, and then I looked down...I had soaked a generous portion of my jeans with no plan for clean up. I quickly went to the bathroom to grab at towel...then looked at the bathtub. "Why didn't I think of that before??"

This is where it really started. I took my shirt off and stepped in the tub. It took a few seconds but soon it started. A powerful stream ripped through my panties and soaked every bit of them. I spread my legs a bit and began rubbing, allowing the stream to spread wider. My legs started getting wet and warm, then my socks. The entire thing made me shake and nearly unable to stand. I continued to rub myself until I couldn't stand it, and I slowly fell to the ground where I continued until I had one of the best orgasms of my life!

Afterwards, I turned the shower on to fully soak my clothes and wash the pee out and of course, take a shower. Then I went and put them in the washing machine and my parents were clueless. It was extremely pleasing to know that I could get away with something like this. It felt wonderful.

Now omorashi isn't a huge part of my sexual interests, but occasionally I do like to view art and maybe read some stories. I don't mind any questions people may have but just understand that this is all new to me and I may not be able to answer to your content, so please don't be mad at me for vague answers.

Anyways thanks for reading and I hope everyone has a nice day!!

*003*2015-12-30 23:48

{{ 

Thanks for sharing the story of your first omo wetting! I really enjoyed reading how you kind of fell into wetting more than you intended and naturally began to rub yourself, soaking your panties and jeans and socks, becoming unable to stand, and finallyhaving one of the best orgasms of your life. Thus a true omorashi fetishist emerges. Welcome to our world!

}}

It's a very warm welcome =^-^= thanks!!

{{ 

There's gotta be a first time for everything!

Really glad that you found out how to satisfy your omorashi needs without getting caught.

And as for any personal experience, you just have to take it all at your own pace. You can't rush art, and you most certainly can't rush experience.

Story as it is, a really nice read too. Sounds like you had a lot of fun with it too. That's the most important thing.

If you feel troubled in any way, not just omo related, feel free to post or pm me or any other of the wonderful members of OmoOrg. We're open-minded and we love to help!

}}

Thank you very much for your kindness and acceptance. It means a lot!!

*008*2015-12-31 18:23

I do plan to possibly post some more in the future but they might not be of me since I'm not able to do this too often.

I might write some stories or something though :) This feedback is really great and again, I thank you all.

