Met someone

Author: lukerossi

*000*2015-03-15 03:33

What a week. You know when you meet someone new and you become slightly obsessed by them? Well it's been one of those. Problem is, I'm in a relationship.

Bit of background. My current partner has never really enjoyed peeing, but has always indulged me. However as the years have gone by it's happening less and less and now barely at all.

Anyways, I've been away on a job for the past few weeks and have become quite close friends with a girl from another company who's been working on the same job. In general, she's cool as fuck. However, the reason for my post is this.

A couple of nights ago, we had a break up party as the job is basically over and staff are going their separate ways. I ended up drinking and sharing the odd bump of coke with this girl (Bridgette) in my office on our own. The mix of alcohol and class A drugs made for very honest conversation, and suddenly the conversation turns to pee.

When drunk, I find myself subconciously turning the conversation toward that subject to test the waters, however I hadn't this time and Bridgette begain to talk about it on her own accord. She told me how one day at a music festival, she suddenly felt a desire to pee on someone after someone mentioned Golden showers in passing. A member of a group near by overheard and long story short, a guy put his hand up to be the recipient and Bridgette had peed on him.

My mind was blown after she told me she'd enjoyed it.

I promptly told her I'd had a girl pee on me before. I didn't flat out say I had a pee fetish, but said I'd been peed on by a girl with a pee fetish and that I didn't mind it. (This is all true, however I did already have a pee fetish). I mentioned though that the girl I'd been with had left her clothes and underwear on when she did it.

Bridgette's reaction was amazing - "Well as long as you had spare clothes around, of course you'd just leave them on."

Anyway, not a lot happened that night but she did get drunk and nearly had an accident. I didn't want to push this new friendship by asking her to simply piss herself.

So we've been texting a lot since and we often joke about pee.

She also has a boyfriend and now I'm not too sure where this is going to go.

I know one thing, I would LOVE to see her piss herself, and pretty convinced that she'd happily do it, specially with a couple of drinks under her belt.

I'm kind of torn here.

*005*2015-04-16 02:47

An update. So I've had numerous conversations with my partner who aknowledged that she'd not done much in the pee department for a while and understands the desires that I have.

Anyway, not a lot happened. then randomly the other night, I decided to go down on her while we were on the couch watching TV (the show was boring the hell out of me). She had a nighty and underwear pulled off but still hanging on one leg.

Anyway after about 5-10 minutes she was quite into it, then all of a sudden, without warning my mouth started to fill up. It took me a minute to realise what was happening, but she'd just decided to let go completely right there, on the couch and soaked me, the couch and herself in the process just become coming.

I honestly cannot stop thinking about it. For those worried about the couch. It will live. There are no stains or smells. just a f&*king fun time.

