On Desperation and Vendettas

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2015-06-08 10:32

So, it's been a long while since I contributed anything to this site. I could go into the numerous reasons for this, but I guess I'll just simply be "I'm at a point in my life where posting stuff regularly to a fetish web forum is not a priority."

Anyway, I'm somewhere in between periods of being busy as hell with work and other personal projects, and so I'd thought I'd share this recount of an event that happened a few months ago. There's a bit of preamble that isn't really related to desperation or wetting. It's relevant information, but I put in a marker for where the desperation starts anyway.

Due to various circumstances, I'm currently going to a community college (It's technically a state college, but it still functions effectively like a community college, so I'm going to call it one), so a lot of people from my high school landed themselves there as well. To some extent, it's nice going to classes with old friends and seeing familiar faces around, but there's also a lot of people from high school that for one reason or another I found distasteful. I've always considered myself to be an intellectual person, so seeing people so flippant about knowledge (or even worse, downright unintelligent) clashed with my very character, and left a bad taste in my mouth.

Today's account does not involve someone like that.

I was in a creative writing class (I like creative writing, who would've guessed?) this past semester, which was a class I thoroughly enjoyed for multiple reasons, but there was one thing that always served as the thorn in my side that soured the experience.

Simply put, and old person from my high school days was also in that class, and that person and I were not on good terms.

I'm a pretty relaxed and reasonable person. I don't like to hold grudges against someone, especially not for all the high school drama bullshit that's so prevalent everywhere. Even saying that, I think it would be more accurate to say I downright loathe this person.

I won't go into details, but she's simply the most hard-headed, disagreeable, stubborn individual I have ever met in my life, and at one point or another I managed to piss her off. Because of this, even back when we were "friends", she treated me like total shit, and once the mutual friend we both hung out with moved away, she didn't even bother hiding how much she outwardly hated me.

Needless to say, putting up with her shit back then would've been enough of a reason for people to justify hating someone, and now she was back in my life at a point in time where I was not in high spirits to begin with.

At first, things went as you might expect. Instead of directly rekindling some sort of petty back and forth cycle of revenge against each other, we simply did as best as we could to avoid each other and everything was fine. It still bothered me that she was there, and there were a few times we were forced into awkward conversations and the like through sheer coincidence and bad timing, but at the very least we managed to keep our distance.

Then the professor had the bright idea to pair us up.

I wouldn't even call it a coincidence or some stroke of misfortune. The class was small enough as it was and the professor had no reason to believe that there would be any issues there. I wasn't about to bring up something so petty as an old feud from high school as a reason not to work together, and apparently neither was she.

We actually managed to accomplish something in the time we had to work together, but she was so infuriatingly disagreeable and refused to compromise or budge at all on a project that emphasized teamwork and communication.

That experience alone reminded me that, no, I wasn't just being unfair to her in my mind, she truly was a person I could not get along with.

It all started not in class, but on my way back to school for my last class; creative writing.

I was driving down one of the side streets (it's a little less traveled, but the path lets me skip three stop lights) when I noticed a car stopped on the side of the road. I had seen it in the school parking lot before, but until that afternoon, I hadn't known who it belonged to.

I figured whoever the owner was, they'd appreciate a ride to class (or perhaps not, some people revel in the idea of their car breaking down so they have a legitimate excuse not to go to class, but I'd feel bad for not offering either way), so I thought about slowing down when a frustrated person popped out from behind the car.

It was her.

She looked panicked and I knew why. She hadn't broken down too far from the school, but it was far enough that even at a full sprint she'd likely be hard pressed to get to class on time. Credit where it's due, she's a person who values her education, so she wouldn't enjoy being late to class or fully skipping it entirely.

In spite of my personal dislike of her, I humored the idea of stopping to pick her up anyway.

Honestly, I'm still not sure if it would've been better or worse if I had.

In the end, though, my feelings got the better of me and I drove on by without stopping.

I proceeded to the school like normal and got to class a little before I needed to be there. As people piled in one by one, I wasn't surprised to see that she was not one of them.

This is where the account starts getting interesting.

*Stop here if you skipped ahead*

About fifteen minutes into the class, the doors open and she walks into the classroom, nodding her head low and trying to keep herself small as if that would make her invisible to the heads that had turned as soon as they heard the door open. She ducked down and quickly took a seat on the end of the row right in front of me. Since she normally sits on the other side of the classroom, my guess is that she didn't want to walk across the whole room while the teacher was lecturing, or otherwise wanted to sit down as quickly as possible.

I go back to paying attention to the professor for a few minutes, but with her so close to me and my mind normally geared to looking for signs of desperation anyway, it's not long before I notice how restless she is in her seat.

When she had first come into the classroom, she had been coated with a thin sheen of sweat from running and was noticeably short of breath.

Now, however, I could hear her shuffling around audibly and tapping her ankle against the chair she was seated in lightly, even through the voice of the professor rambling about one thing or another.

It was at this point I had noticed another thing. Namely, her empty water bottle.

I live in an area where it's prone to getting brutally hot in the summer. Even in April, the temperature outside can reach around 80 degrees Fahrenheit or above depending on how sunny it is. As such, staying hydrated is important on those days, even more so if you're doing outdoor physical activities.

She just ran a good quarter mile on foot to get to class. It was inevitable that she'd drink a lot after that.

She leaned forwards and crossed her legs a bit, wiggling around as she did so. Her notebook in front of her had been turned to an empty page and her hand was still even though the lecture was still ongoing. She wasn't paying attention at all.

At this point, it was clear to me that her being late had either directly led to or indirectly contributed to her situation right now.

Namely, she had to pee.

In my mind, the person in front of me was not ever an object of attraction. She was physically attractive, but her ugly personality made it so I had never wanted anything like a physical relationship with her.

In the end, though, my fetish won out over my common sense and my utter dislike of the woman before me, and I could feel myself drawn in by the situation that had befallen the woman in front of me.

She lasted a good 45 minutes or so without causing too much of a disruption or drawing too much attention to herself. She discretely wiggled around in her chair, bounced up and down, tapped her foot, uncrossed and recrossed her legs, and let out short little breaths that could've very well have been silenced moans of desperation.

I couldn't get a good view of her hands from where I was sitting, but I couldn't see them on the desk, so I imagined that she had them placed inconspicuously on or in between her thighs, far enough away from that place to be considered suspicious or draw the attention of anyone who could see them.

She wiggled and danced in her seat for that whole time, but she at least tried to keep her motions discrete. Had I not known how he normally acted in classes, I think she would've even kept me guessing as to whether she had to pee or not.

After 45 minutes, however, she seemed to have reached some sort of limit and her movements became more desperate and erratic. She leaned forwards and and bounced a few times in her seat, double-crossed her legs and tried to adjust her jeans to be more comfortable in such a situation.

It had gotten to the point where other people were starting to notice as well. I heard someone whisper to their friend that they think that one girl is going to piss herself.

Even though there was still at least a half-hour left in class, the stubborn woman behind me continued to dance around in her seat instead of giving in and going to the bathroom. I don't really know why she didn't just get up and leave, but for some reason she seemed determined to make it through the whole class.

From my close proximity to her, I could hear her short breaths turn into whispered moans as she wiggled around.

For both me and her, the class lecture was forgotten.

For her, all that seemed to matter was holding it until the end of class.

For me, I wanted to watch this play out as long as possible.

As it approached the end of class, it was clear that she was forgetting herself in her desperation.

She was moving around furiously, her legs scissoring back and forth in her seat as her arms were held somewhere in front of her (most likely holding herself shamelessly). She was bouncing up and down frequently in her seat, and every single one of her ragged breaths was accompanied by a soft sort of "ahh" sound as she fought back a flood of urine trying to escape her.

"All right, you guys can go."

My eyes shot up to the clock. There were still supposed to be fifteen minutes of class, but the professor had clearly gotten through everything he wanted to say today. He's normally the kind of professor that teaches until the end of class, but he's the kind of laid-back guy that would probably let us out early more often if given the chance.

At these words, her breath hitched and she gathered up her stuff in a desperate fury.

Everyone else was already starting to pack up to leave, and some who had either had the foresight to know the lesson was ending early or the flippant disinterest to have stuff out at all were already making there way to the door.

I managed to pack up quickly, and was prepared to follow her discretely as long as I could, when I heard her gasp loudly and double over where she stood.

A series of quick moans left her mouth as she grabbed herself tightly with her hands.

From my point of view, I could see the tips of her fingers poking out from behind as she grabbed herself.

And in that position she started peeing uncontrollably.

Everyone still in the room stopped to watch the spectacle in shock.

A loud hissing sound filled the room as I watched rivulets of dark wetness dribble down her legs, and drops of nearly clear urine drip from between her fingers as she peed through her jeans and her hands.

She let out something between a sob and a sigh of relief and removed her hands from between her legs as she tried in vain to minimize the damage.

She had peed for a straight minute before the flow of urine finally ceased.

Some of the students were disinterested enough to leave the room without another word, and to that end, even the professor left, saying something about letting the janitors know.

However, not all students had been so curious. Some had started to snicker at her.

One of the students outright began laughing at her audibly, trying to cover their hand with their mouth as if that would make them any less noticeable.

She turned quickly and looked around the room as if to check to see how many people had noticed her, a look of embarrassment clear as day on her face.

When her eyes met mine, I could've sworn she was about to break down and cry from the humiliation.

I might seem like a heartless person by saying this, but it felt satisfying.

This was a person who had time after time treated me coldly and went out of her way to insult me for whatever reason.

Now, because of something I could've done but didn't do, she was in such a situation, and had wound up wetting herself in front of the class.

It would be a while before she lived this one down, for sure. That's what the look on her face told me.

To some extent. it felt like this was a result of enacting my revenge.

And in this case, revenge was definitely sweet.

*006*2015-06-11 01:39

This is mere speculation on my part, but regarding why she didn't go to the bathroom, I believe the fact that she was running late had something to do with it. From my experience with that person, she disliked being late to class at all, so I can only imagine she was running late and didn't have time to stop beforehand, and once she got into class it was more a matter of pride than anything else. Even if it was just to leave to go to the bathroom, I don't think she wanted to leave the class after already being 15 minutes late or so. I can't tell you for sure, though, because I wouldn't ever be in a position to ask her about it and even if I had she pointedly avoided me from that day until the end of the semester.

Also, about the comforting thing, I was actually a little torn myself about the situation. I mean, I make her sound like a difficult person (because she is), but she legitimately looked like she was going to cry and for a brief moment I thought "maybe this is my chance to fix everything." At the end, I never got a chance to approach her about it and, once again, she had avoided me since up until the end of the semester, so I think for her it's something like a "the person I'm enemies with witnessed my most embarrassing moment, a conversation with him is out of the question" kind of thing.

Sorry for not including these in my original account. It was late and I was tired and I just wanted to write something because I haven't for a while.

*008*2015-06-11 02:23

{{ 

As for what you should do, subjugate that bitch into paying you back for all the grief she has caused you.

I am half-joking, but it wouldn't be out of the question to try to get her to become a more likable person using the occurred events as leverage. Think of it as salvaging whatever "friendship" there is left between you two.

}}

I will. I feel compelled to listen to anything Kongou-san tells me, after all.

Joking aside, I've actually humored this idea. I have ways to contact her even outside of school and honestly trying to patch together any kind of shaky friendship was one of the reasons I felt torn about whether to comfort her in the first place. I'm not such an innocent person that I can't use a little coercion and leverage, especially with someone like her.

