Oops! I created a pink pee-balloon tonight!

Author: vikka

*000*2015-07-25 22:57

Hi, everybody,

This happened only minutes ago! I went out in my garden for my usual Good Night Pee. I hadn't peed since I had supper four hours ago. I had a large can of beer to my meal (which was Pasta alla Carbonara, my speciality). I spent a nice evening, mostly reading. I opened a bottle of red wine, which I totally emptied, why I opened another, of which I consumed about half. It was a very pleasant evening, and I really enjoyed being all alone with a good book and red wine.

When I stood up to prepare for bed going, I realized that I was pretty tipsy. But it felt good! I went out in the garden, and standing on the lawn with parted legs I, as usual full of expectations, waited for the sluices to open. I didn't have to wait long. Usually it starts slowly with a few trickles, hardly enough to moisten my panties, then a little pause to add to my expectations, and then increases to a steady stream through my panties. But this time it was like a volcano eruption! My pee gushed out in huge quantities! I wore a pair of pink, silky panties, and they were rapidly filled with pee. At first they hold the pee, which made them attain the shape of a big balloon! I bursted out laughing hysterically, when I saw the pee balloon I had created dangling between my thighs! It lasted only for a short moment, and then the pee forced its way through my panties and hit the lawn with a BIG splash!

I went on peeing for ever and ever! Being so tipsy I had big problems with my balance and staggered around, pee splashing in all directions. I got hornier and hornier, rubbing my mimsy outside my panties, and suddenly I started to have one big orgasm after the other! Imagine the sight! This girl, being me, tipsy, moaning loudly, giggling hysterically, with her pee gushing through her pink panties, reeling on unsteady feet until she looses her balance and finds herself sitting on the ground! Still peeing, still orgasming! Vikka, when will you grow up?

