Desperate blonde girl

Author: sk8kidc

*000*2011-04-22 17:48

So the other day i was sitting in class and an annoucment came over the intercom " theres been a water main break and there is no water, we will fix it as soon as possible." it was still early in the day and no running water ment no bathroom. i have first period with this blonde cheerleader girl named Megan who had a 44oz of some kind of drink. this girl has to be one of the hottest girls in the school. she was wearing blue jeans which made her ass look soooo cute. and luckily for me i have four classes with her as first period ended nothing special happened and went to second period. then when i got to third period i had class with Megan again. i kept my eye on her all class knowing she had so much to drink earlier today. but she didn't seem to have to pee at all. 

After third period was lunch and all kinds of girls were saying they had to pee. it was really arousing just the thought of soo many girls in one area needing to pee.forth period is where things started to get interesting. this was another class i had with Megan and now she was fidgeting in her seat. she even raised her hand and said "ms Davis, i have to pee really bad." about half way through the class i couldn't even concentrate on my work. i had sunglasses on so i could stare at her all class and no one could know where i was looking. i was really hoping she would be able to hold it till next class because i sat right beside her in that class. her legs were crossed and she was shaking her legs up and down, and about once every 5 mins she would hold her crotch. the anticipation was killing me but it was probably the hottest thing iv ever seen. in the last 5 mins of class she asked if she could check if the water was back on.

She went to the front of class where the sink was and turned the knob. nothing came out. she let out a big sigh and walked back to her seat with her hand pressed at her crotch. the bell rang and Megan ran outta class. i tried to stay close to her but i didn't want people to think i was spying on her or something. she ran straight to class which was unusual for her because shes usually the last person in class. 

On my way to class i her about 3 girls say something like " i gotta pee so bad" or "i'm about to wet myself" the day was getting better and better. when i got to fifth period Megan's bookbag was on the floor in front of the little hallway to the bathroom. i peeked through the hallway door and the door was locked and Megan was trying to pry it open. she came back in the classroom and asked ms ramone why both the boys and girls door was locked. ms ramone said the office made every teacher lock their bathroom because it was unsanitary. megan got in her seat beside me. i looked down at her crotch and it was a little wet. somebody from accross the room yelled " it smells like pee in here" and everyone looked at Megan.

Meagan said "fuck you DJ" the teacher didnt say anything about her language because she felt bad for Megan. she was at the point where she was red in the face and crying. she whispered to herself " im gonna pee myself, i know it" two minutes later the tears came down real hard and she stopped fidgeting. i could hear the pee come out and watched as her crotch quickly became soaked. the seat she was sitting in seemed to have caught most of the pee puddle. i whisperd to her to keep fidgeting and pretend she still has to pee.

I gave her my jacket to put over her crotch so no one would see. she kept looking down at herself and stood up once to see the damage from the back. i got the best view of her butt. it was soaked and made her already cute ass even cuter. she sat back down still pretending to pee. an annoncment came on over the intercom saying we could leave early because they couldnt fix it. both me and Megan were the last ones out of class. i walked with her to her car( which she must have some rich parents because she drives one of those new mustangs) she gave me a hug and said "thanks for the jacket.

I'll have it for you tomorrow all washed." i said wait a sec, and went to my car and grabbed a towel i was gonna use for the beach for her to sit on. "you can just give it to me now and ill wash it" . there was quite a bit of pee on the jacket. i put it in my car and said to myself "i may never wash this jacket" i was still kinda disappointed because there was still half a day left and many desperate girls but i don't guess i can complain. maybe after this experience me n Megan will become even better friends, maybe even more than friends someday ;)

*006*2011-04-23 14:06

It didnt break untill first period so they tried to fix it. after half the day went by they figured out they couldnt fix it in time

