Witnessed a wetting

Author: Barry

*000*2015-02-23 01:56

I actually saw a wetting yesterday, or at least the aftermath of one.

I drove to our local beach for a morning swim. I pulled into the carpark and parked in a middle row, and was behind a van that was parked in the front row, about 10 feet away. The occupants were getting out, and consisted of 2 Middle aged women, both quite plump, and 3 kids. There was a little girl who was maybe 7, a boy who was obviously her older brother who looked about 10, and another boy of about 13.

What initially got my attention was the mother of the 2 kids. You could tell which group was a family, as they had black hair and a darker complexion while the older boy and his mother were pale skinned and had ginger hair. The mother was going through stuff in the back of the van and had her back to me and was bent over, revealing a floral patterned bathing suit under her t shirt. What got my attention originally was at first glance I thought her bottom was wet, but it was only the pattern of her swimsuit.

A bit disappointed, I was about to dismiss them from my mind when I noticed the younger boy. He wore denim shorts and a Chicago Bulls singlet, combined with the fashion crime that is crocs with socks. He was standing by the side of the van with his hand grasping the front of his shorts tightly, while he hopped up and down a bit with a worried look on his face. He was holding a bag with a snorkel sticking out of it, and was swing it around as he waited. He was obviously desperate for a pee.

I watched for a moment as they got their belongings out and started to lock the van up. He whispered something to his mother, and I heard her reply "We'll be getting in the water in a minute."

They started down the ramp to the beach, but I stayed in the car for a moment to respond to a couple of messages on my phone. I didn't worry about following them as that would be creepy. You just don't follow kids around a beach. Anyway, the kid was going to pee in the water, so what.

After a minute or so I grabbed my towel and headed to the ramp, only to meet the dark haired woman at the top. I heard her shout to her friend that she had left her phone in the car and was going back for it. The ramp descends down, then does a U-turn and continues down. The red haired women, her son and the girl were already on the sand, but the dark haired boy was waiting for his mother at the turn of the ramp. He was obviously desperate and didn't even try to hide it. His hand was clamped on his crotch, underneath his long singlet and he was bouncing around like mad. The funny thing was he didn't appear upset. He was bursting, but didn't seem overly concerned about it. I suppose he was just secure in the knowledge he would be safe in the water shortly.

I passed him and headed to a clear spot on the sand. I spread my towel down and started applying sunscreen. When I glanced back, I saw the mother had met her son on the ramp and they were walking down to join their group. I didn't pay much more attention until they picked a spot right in front of me to set up. As they were sorting themselves out the boy turned around in my direction.

He had well and truly pissed in his pants. The bottom of his Bulls singlet was wet, and his shorts were dripping. There didn't seem to be a dry spot left on his front or inside his legs. But at the same time he appeared completely unfazed by it. He had just wet himself on a public beach, in front of his mother, sister, friend and friends mum, not to mention dozens of strangers, but seemed more relieved than bothered by it. Even his group just ignored it.

He stepped out of his crocs leaving his socks on, then removed his shorts, leaving a pair of orange speedos on. He took his shirt and socks off next, and stood there in nothing more that obviously peed in bathers without a care in the world. I thought he would run into the water straight away, but the two women insisted that the kids put sunscreen on first. He dried his legs and started there, and his mother applied it to his back, turning him around so he faced me again.

As she rubbed his back he squeezed his crotch and bent his head to check it out. He pulled on his bathers to get a better look but at no stage tried to hide it.

His mum laid his wet clothes on a towel to dry in the sun, then they all went swimming.

It was just so strange to see a kid that old doing a pee pee dance in public, then openly wet himself in front of others and not get upset or try and hide it. Strange as well that nobody in his group made mention of it. I assume he must have had his accident on the ramp while waiting for his mum, or that she even just told him to do it. Either way it was certainly different.

I actually felt bad for noticing. I have no interest in children whatsoever, and people that do need help (or a bullet) quickly. But my love of wetting accidents made me pay attention. I actually felt a little jealous!

