Dreaming about a cute girl wetting

Author: superhorse2

*000*2012-08-23 23:10

This isn't an experience I really had, but it's a dream I had last night about someone else having one. I wasn't sure if it belonged here or in in the fiction board. But whatever, I'll write it here.

At my school there is this really cute girl. She's only about 5'2", but she has beautiful dark brown hair and is generally very cute and sweet. We are not close friends, but we could talk if locked in a room together for an hour. For the sake of this story, I will call her Emma (Not her real name).

Anyway, in this dream, me, her and a few others are wandering the streets of my city at night. She is wearing some nondescript black and white t-shirt, and some loose light blue trousers, almost like pyjama bottoms. As we are walking along, we come to this corner shop near my house, and Emma suddenly stops, turns to the rest of us and says: "Guys, I really have to pee!"

So we all start looking around for somewhere with a bathroom. The small shop is closed and blacked out, so while everyone else goes away to look, I stay with Emma to keep an eye on her. When everyone is out of earshot, she turns and looks me in the eye and says, "I really love doing this you know; peeing myself..." She winked at me and I started to get excited, thinking about how hot this whole thing was.

A few minutes pass (I think it was a few minutes, it is hard to tell in dreams), and Emma was getting more and more desperate. She grabbed hold of my hand and began to squeeze it really hard. She kept looking over her shoulder as if looking for the others, before she gasped and said, "Oh god, it's coming out!" I looked down into her crotch and by the sodium glow of the street lamps, I could see a small dark patch forming. I looked up at her face; her expression was a mixed one, both of joy, and concentration. She almost looked like she was pushing to make herself pee faster! The small stain rapidly grew and spread down her legs. The shimmering fabric clinging to the inside of her thighs. She threw back her head and began to moan, gripping my hand even tighter. She didn't take long to finish; the dark stain covered more than 2/3 of the fabric of her trousers, and there was a huge puddle beneath her that was reflecting the street lamps back at us.

She looked back at me, bit her lip and whispered, "I f-ing love doing that.", before slowing walking away behind the shop.

I was stunned so just stared at her as she walked, watching her firm little pee-soaked ass go round the corner. She turned back and cocked her head, as if inviting me to go too. I followed and as soon as I got round the corner she pulled me into a full-on passionate kiss. My hands began to search her body, one on her ass and the other rubbing her off through her sodden trousers.

It was at this point I woke up with one of the biggest morning woods I have ever had! :p

I hope that all made sense to everyone - you know how dreams can be! And I hope everyone enjoyed it :)

