A possible sighting I had the other day on the train

Author: warmsuprize

*000*2015-04-05 17:34

Something got me curious the other day. I was catching the train home and reading my book so not really paying attention to anything. Then when my stop came, I got up and this young girl, in her twenties perhaps, approached the same door as I mine but from the other end of the carriage. What caught my attention was that she was wrapping a jumper around her waist. That always makes me think, even more so because she had a rucksack she could have put it in and it wasn't really that warm outside.

I was standing next to her waiting for the train to stop. She had black leggings on and boots. Me being me, I was trying to look for any wet patches on her legs where the jumper ended. I wasn't sure if she could see me through the reflection of the window because being dark outside, it acted like a mirror. I couldn't see anything. Then she did something unusual. She slightly parted her feet and stood still. My heart was beating. It was like how some people stand when they are peeing. Then she looked down at her boots. And so did I. It hadn't been raining that day and there was a tiny little puddle at her feet. I was looking harder at her black leggings and boots but it was impossible to see any wetness.

Then she started pressing the button to open the door but they don't open until the light comes on. She started getting a bit frantic and kept pressing the button, cursing under her breath. I didn't want to appear intimidating so I stopped looking at her legs in case she knew I was looking. She seemed stressed, which I wouldn't want to be a cause of that.

So the doors opened and she got off. I got off too and walked slowly, sort of keeping her in the side of my vision. We were walking pretty much side by side until we got off the station. I suppose I could have walked more slower to be behind her but that made me feel creepy so I didn't. At the exit of the station she turned left and I turned right. I could have got to my home by going the same direction as her, it wouldn't have made much difference to the length of my journey but I didn't. I didn't because I was to shy to be bold enough. I always feel a bit creepy if I look at girls, I think they automatically think I'm a pervert. It's a hang-up I suffer with. But also, she seemed stressed so I didn't want to exacerbate that. I didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable or anything.

But walking off, I was so angry with myself for not being more bolder. Then I reassured myself I'd done the right thing because she might have been having a really embarrassing moment. I don't know. I don't know if she did it on purpose or not. It was definitely strange how she just stood still like that on the train. She must have let a bit of pee out for that puddle to form because it hadn't been raining. I wish I could have asked her about it but really it was none of my business. I like to think she did it deliberately and the reason she got stressed with the door button was because she got brave but then lost her nerve and started panicking.

So I left with mixed feelings of excitement and frustration. I do that journey everyday so I'm always wondering if I'll see her again, with a jumper wrapped around her waist. Did she pee herself on the seat? Might have. I wonder if her bum was soaking wet, although black leggings are very forgiving. I don't think I'll forget that sighting. I can't be certain it was a sighting but I'm pretty sure it was.

*002*2015-04-05 21:38

Thanks Rachelkirwan, the last thing I would want is to make someone upset. I just hope that she did enjoy it, rather than it have been an accident that made her feel bad and embarrassed. I might never know but at least I can console myself with a good conscience.

