Coffee

Author: Averylynn

*000*2015-07-26 09:28

A while ago my girlfriend, Nat, and I met up with my friends. As per usual, we drank some and got stoned, and all that jazz. Now, my biggest problem is when I'm under the influence at all I have a huge problem with blatter control. A lot of times I'm not sure if my panties are wet because I'm horny or because I peed a bit. It leads to some problems, although I have also learnt over the last little bit Nat has the same issue.

We had to walk back to my house afterwards and it was probably ten thirty at night. My house was an hours walk away and both of us were fucked. Nat admitted slightly down the road that she had to pee. Now she's been doing this a lot when drunk since I told her that I thought it was really hot when she had peed her tights on Canada day. Although that day I was not up for dealing with that. It was colder than it has been lately, and it was late at night and I wanted to get home and I wanted to cuddle my girlfriend and pass out.

"Nat, we literally left five minutes ago why didn't you go at Tiki's place?" I asked her.

"I didn't have o go then!" She whined. At this point I was kinda annoyed. I didn't want to babysit and Nat was acting like a child.

"The coffee shop down the street is open till eleven, hey have publi washrooms, we'll be there soon" I told her as we continued on.

Now, I was not aware that it was the drive thru open late. I thought that the drvie thru and store were both open till eleven. But not only was the store closed, but it looked like the drive thru closed early too. I don't have a clue what Nat was at at that point, in turms of a scale, although the second she noticed the flashing "closed" sign, she went pale. I honestly swear she was going to cry.

Although instead of crying, she lefted up her skirt and started peeing, right there. She didn't seem to care at all for the entire fourty seconds that she was wetting for. Afterwards she didn't way anything, although she gave me the most sinister look, and grabbed my hand and pulled me in he direction we needed to go. I was so fucking aroused at that point, although I managed to keep my cool for the rest of the walk home

