At the seaside again

Author: wetpantsdennis

*000*2012-05-29 17:43

A few years ago, I was on holiday near the north east coast of England, and I found this beach, miles from any town or village, and it was totally empty, not a person in sight. This was a chance too good to miss! the top of the beach was bordered by farmland, there were no buildings visible. so I stripped to my underpants, and walked up and down the sand for a bit, drinking a bottle of soft drink.The beach was still totally deserted, apart from me, so I took off my underpants, and walked around nude for a bit.

After a while, I started to feel the need to pee, so I went back to the car, and found a pair of white y-front style briefs in my bag.

Putting them on, i went back to the beach, and I made sure there was no one about. After a few more minutes, I was getting desperate to pee, so I relaxed a bit and let a couple of dribbles of wee run down my legs. then I sat down on the sand, and wet my pants properly. Oh, it felt bloody great! I peed so much, that it even trickled between my bum cheeks and got wet you know where!

Eventually, my pee subsided, and then I got an erection in my soggy wet pants; so I stood up and went in to the sea to wash off.

My pants sort of slipped halfway down my bum but I didn't care, the place was deserted. I let my wet underwear slip down completely, my erection bounced free! Well, I had a quick and powerful jerking off which was very nice!

A couple of days later, I was driving further south, and I found myself needing to pee, so eventually I found another apparently deserted beach, so I parked the car, and took my swimming things with me, and wandered along to the far end of the beach, where there were some rocky outcrops, and a pathway leading to an old ww2 pillbox in the middle of a field. No one about again, so I thought, so i went to the far side of the rocks as it seemed a bit more secluded, and stripped down to my underpants, a pair of white cellular y-front style briefs. I was very desperate to pee by now, so I just relaxed and peed in my pants, they soon got soaked, and being quite baggy, my erection tented them out in front! 

Just as I went in to the sea to wash off all my pee, I happened to turn round and saw a boy sitting on the rocks! I guess he must have been about 18 yrs old. I was quite shocked, he must have seen everything! by then, my wet pants were half way down my butt, and of course he couldn't help but see my obvious state of arousal. He smiled at me and I noticed the black nylon shorts he was wearing were poking out in front also! He must have gotten aroused by me peeing my pants. I asked him if he minded if i got naked and he said to go right ahead. So I slipped my soggy pants off, and he couldn't keep his eyes off my erection bobbing about. Then I saw a wet mark spread across his shorts as he orgasmed in his shorts. when his cock went down he peed in his shorts, and It was my turn to ejaculate in a very powerful way! We hung about with each other for the rest of the day, and had more wetting fun later.

I never saw him again after that day, which was sad. We really enjoyed each others company that day! See Ya!

