My Friend Desperate at the Movie...

Author: irishgirl

*000*2011-06-06 19:17

This is about a close friend of mine; let's call her Haylie.

I should mention here that I am about twice as attracted to girls as to boys.

Haylie is 16 and about 5ft 6in, or 1.67m. She is not *skinny* but well built and has a light but very even natural tan. Her hair is long and dirty blonde.

On her 16th birthday, four other girls and I threw her a surprise party. When we got to her house to surpise her, it was about 7pm. Before this Haylie had been in her basement having a small family party, and presumably drinking caffeinated soda. We hung out at her house and had cake before leaving to see the midnight showing of a movie at the theater nearby.

From the time we got to Haylie's house to the time we seated ourselves in the theater about 5 hours passed. Our friend Ella had seen the movie a while back and was the only one with an idea of how long it ran. She and the other three sat on Haylie's left; I sat on Haylie's right. Everyone got either Mountain Dew or Pepsi.

About forty-five minutes into the movie, I noticed Haylie shift suddenly - well, not so suddenly, but in just the right quick way that I knew she must have to pee. She didn't move again for a while, and I began to wonder if I'd just been doing "wishful thinking".

Haylie moved in about ten-minute intervals for the next half hour. I was starting to lose focus on the movie because I was dying to see Haylie get really desperate. She started bouncing her right foot slowly so as to focus on the movie. Eventually this became both feet, and then one whole leg, and then both legs. Sometimes she scooted really far back on her chair, spread her legs, and leaned forward. She was wearing a short skirt with opaque tights, and I couldn't help looking discreetly into her crotch. As her legs danced she was rocking her taught torso very slowly, not trying to draw too much attention to herself.

It got harder to not look at Haylie as she got more desperate. Soon she was twisting side to side in her seat and rocking quicker. Every so often she'd jam her legs together and rest her hands in her "lap", though I could tell she was using a few fingers to hold herself subtly. She leaned over to Ella and asked how long the movie had left to run - there were 40 minutes left. Haylie frowned and leaned forward onto the edge of the seat again.

For the next 20 minutes I saw the greatest desperation ever - LIVE. Haylie was rocking and squirming and even once in a while whimpering so quietly that only I could hear it, because I was listening for it. I wished she cross her legs so I could see her long sexy thigh, but I think was too inexperiencd with desperation to know to do this.

I began to imagine her losing control. I knew what it'd look like. She'd go real still, jam her thighs together, and lean back and forth as the dam broke and she started wetting. Her skirt would cover the first wet spot on the crotch of her tights, but then the urine would stream out and pool beneath her in the seat before it ran up between her legs. If she stayed sitting, the stream would be thin over her clamped legs but run out beneath, dripping onto the floor and making a huge round wet spot on her bottom.

Then it would flow out and run down her tights, staining the vibrant blue with dripping indigo. However, if she stood then, she would twist and grab herself and try to keep the rest of the pee in, but it would be no use and after a few steps she'd be right next to me, and I would be able to see the pee streaming down her legs in a thin misshapen stream as she squirmed. Then she would realize she was really, truly wetting and start running, which would make her stream flow harder and soak her tights as she ran to the bathroom. 

She'd leave at least a small puddle on the floor. She would get to the bathroom soaked with just a few drops left, which she would pee into the toilet as she became familiar with the way wet mylon clings to legs and the smell of her own urine and the humiliation. She would try very hard not to cry and be too embarrassed to leave the stall. Of course I would have followed her. I fantasized about sliding my hand under her tights and giving her a good long feel in the stall, but in real life I'd give her my jacket to put around her waist and wash her soaking tights out in the sink as she thanked me for my kindness.

Now as I was thinking all this, it was extremely difficult not to make my interest in Haylie's situation very obvious. I couldn't stop looking. I was more 'turned on' than I'd ever been. I was wet. I wanted to grab her and snog her and press on her bladder until she let loose and... and *so* much more. I felt the beginnings of fullness in my own bladder and crossed my legs in the way that makes my bladder rub against the inside of my clit and pleasured myself, which felt even better with the kink that I was in public and no one else knew.

Sadly, very soon Haylie decided she couldn't take it anymore and dashed out of the theater. I hoped she'd stay gone a while so I could go find her and catch in the bathroom having wet herself on the way, but she came back about three minutes later dry as a bone. I was disappointed, but then again this was the best show I'd even seen. I still think about it when I need some sexy thoughts.

*010*2011-06-17 05:21

{{:

Nice experience. I can't believe that you didn't get caught for something that obvious, cause in the cinemas the light from the screen reflects on the audience which makes it visible to see everyone near you. Unless it's a movie with a dark sense and almost no lighting

}}

It was a very dark theater, yeah. Also I have wider-than-normal peripheral vision hehehe... but I was very lucky that no one saw me looking.

