Car "Accident"

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-10-23 01:02

One night last fall I went to visit my friend who is a hoarder. As usual, I hung out until I started getting tired, and full. I wouldn't use his bathroom; it should have been declared a hazardous situation. So, I got ready to leave. I was so tired, though, I had to ask for more coffee to go. It would be a test on my bladder, but I figured I'd make it home, even if I had to pee next to the garage. My friend lives about forty-five minutes away, and in the middle of the deep dark of the night, I began my journey.

The drive to the freeway was very desolate. I thought about pulling over in a church parking lot and sneaking a pee beside the car, but I saw a cop in the lot when I drove by, so I decided against that and continued on to the freeway. I hadn't even been driving ten minutes when I began to doubt I'd make it home without a pee break. In ten more minutes, my overfull bladder was cramping, and I had to hold myself almost constantly. At least I was wearing thin lounge pants, so it was easy to do. I played a little too, rubbing my clit and holding my peehole shut all at once. There was no place to pull over, and I was squirming and squeezing the steering wheel hard.

I took an exit, deciding I'd have to pull over on the off or on ramp, I knew there were gas stations coming up, but I was so desperate, I knew I would wet my pants before I found one that was open, because it was two in the morning. Relief on both the on and off ramp was denied by semi trucks, parked and doing who knew what. Peeing, maybe. The thought made me want to pee even worse, and my driving was beginning to suffer. Still, I held on, hoping to make it to a park and ride, which would hopefully be empty.

I squirmed, I held myself, I tried to hold my pee, but I just couldn't. I began to leak, in spurts, each one harder to contain than the last. I felt my crotch getting wetter, and wetter, and my driving pillow, too. I decided to just give up and let the pee go, at least until I could stop and have good control over it. I figured if I didn't go potty too much, my driving pillow would take it all, and spare my seat. But, I was holding a lot. It was probably one of the times I've had to pee the worst in my life. So, a lot had to be let go, and it just seemed to pour out of me, between my legs, and pooling in my lap before soaking into the driving pillow, and (alas!) my seat. After that, I was pretty soaked, but I felt much more in control of my bladder...for the next twenty minutes or so. Then, just before my turn off to 43 (I was on 94, northbound), I had to pee badly again.

I reached underneath my pillow; my seat was already soaked. I was heading into the tunnel, and had to focus; it was under construction, and narrow. My overworked bladder was tired and weakened. I had wet in the car, might as well just keep going, it was going to be just as much cleanup either way. I had every excuse in the world to flood my pants, and I used them all.

I let go of my bladder, letting the pee come naturally, shivering with relief. I drove through the tunnel, still peeing. When I got to 27th Street, I was finally empty. I had been holding so much. It felt amazing to let go. I had to start playing right away, but I saved my orgasm for at home, in the comfort of my bed.

*006*2012-10-23 14:23

How to clean the seat...that's really a problem, because you can't, not really. I usually would soak up what I could with a towel, leave the windows open to speed the drying process, then spray febreeze if it smelled. My driving pillow I would just toss in the wash. That was the process in my old car. I have yet to wet IN my new car, though I have sat in it and driven it while all pissy-pantsed, but I always put a trash bag or coat or towel down to keep it off the seat. On those occasions I've had to pee badly while driving lately, and can't find a place to pee subtly, I'll just pull over, get out, take an innocent posture, and slowly wet whatever it is I've got on. When I'm done, I spread something on the seat to protect it from my wet butt ;)

