Accidents As a Kid (Big and Small)

Author: mattso800

*000*2016-02-08 04:12

Wettings.

I am currently an 18 year old male and today I was thinking of all the times I had accidents. I haven’t in years, but I will detail the ones I can remember in this post. I used to think I was pretty good at managing my bladder, but now I am thinking a bit differently. I had many small/mini accidents and two major accidents as a kid. How do you compare, was I pretty good or bad at holding it :)?

Small Accidents:

This started in second grade. In a period between second a third grade, I had countless small accidents. I’m talking like how you see women talk about a lot, little leaks that gave me wet underwear, and a bit of embarrassment, but nothing to show on the pants, and therefore nobody ever found out. Many times this happened, I pushed it out of my head and went 20-30 minutes later. Once, however, this did not happened. Once, something that eight year old me considered impossible happened: One of my little transgressions almost(read did) turned into something a bit more significant.

Everyone knows the common childhood accident story. Kid is too busy being a kid, puts playing in front of the potty, and wets themself. Many times this is a common occurrence among 3, 4, and maybe 5 year olds. Usually it happens once, maybe twice, quite possibly to their benefit, and then never again. Maybe it is good for this to happen, because if it doesn’t you don’t learn your lesson. One thing is for sure. This specific situation should not happen to an eight year old(coincidentally both major accidents I had were at the ages of eight and nine, apparently this extremely close call was not enough of a lesson for me :)) It especially shouldn’t happen to one who had absolutely no history of accidents since potty training 5 years ago. But it did.

It happened on the playground on a warm spring day. I was wearing my brand new khaki shorts. I first noticed my need to pee at lunch, but as I was about to go, the bell rang for recess. Silly eight year old me though I had an adult bladder and decided to hold it until classes started again, after all recess was thirty minutes, surely my need wouldn’t get out of hand...The first leak happened just 5 minutes into recess. I was running across the rope bridge when one of my, at this point fairly common leaks occurred. Barely enough to wet my underwear, it wasn’t even a spurt just a few drops. I thought nothing of it and kept playing. Then, as I got tagged by somebody maybe 10 minutes later, something very rare for me happened.

I spurted into my underwear. It was short. So short nothing showed on my pants, but enough to embarrass me and make me acutely aware of the wetness on my new boxer briefs(I had just ‘graduated’ from cartoon underwear). After this I ran off to the side of the playground, not really thinking about my situation, I could hold it for 15 minutes. I decided just to walk around for the rest of recess. However, after another 5 minutes, my bladder forced the issue. For the first time I could remember, I had a serious, very serious, leak. I must have peed forcefully for maybe a full second before getting myself under control through a very forceful crotch grab. I potty danced on the spot for a good ten seconds before getting my composure back. 

I looked down, horrified to see a wet spot on my new khakis. At the time, the small wet spot sent me into a panic. I was sure someone would notice and I ran over to my teacher, tears in my eyes, and asked in a hurried tone if she could make an exception to the no bathroom during recess rule and let me go. She didn’t look up from her book and told me we would go back to class in a few minutes, and I would have to hold it until then. I was on the verge of tears and asked again, more desperately, more pitifully for her to let me go. She looked at me, grabbed my hand, and said let’s go.

I don’t know if it was the dime sized wet spot on my shorts, which I have to doubt she noticed as she never mentioned it, or something else, but for whatever reason she decided to make a rare exception for me and we jogged toward the restroom. As we were jogging I leaked once or twice more and had some tears running down my face, as I silently cried, thinking there was no way I would make it. She gave me some words of encouragement as we go toward the end of our one minute jog and got to the, thankfully empty, bathrooms. I ran in, undid my pants as I got to the urinal and let loose. I peed for so long as my boxer briefs leaked urine.

After I finished, I surveyed the damage, and my pants weren't too bad. Maybe on dime sized spot accompanied by one very small streak on the inside of my pants. Enough that unless someone was looking, they wouldn’t tell. I had to wring out my underwear however, which had gotten very wet in this process. As I ran some toilet paper on my pants and left the bathroom. My teacher never looked for spots, as far as I know, but she did ask in a soft tone if I had made it. I said I had and carried on with the day. In my younger head, I considered it a full blown accident. Now I don’t as I wasn’t caught and barely wet my pants, but it was definitely more significant than the other “small ones”.

Major Accidents.

My first major accident was a few months after the wetting I just detailed. It was halloween night. I spent about 20 minutes getting into my nice ninja costume. It was expensive and tough to get on. It was two layers, one almost like leggings, was skin tight and went around the waist. the other was baggy and had some kind of belt on it. On top of that was the hard plastic “armor”. After I finally got my costume on we went trick or treating. This wetting isn’t especially interesting until the event itself. I wasn’t very desperate until we were close to home. This was probably similar to the last one. I was too busy trick or treating and didn’t even NOTICE my urge to go. As we were going home though and the excitement had gone down, it started. I felt the urge, and it was strong. It was almost as strong as the time at school a few months ago. Nobody had found out about that though, everyone still thought I had never had an accident.

This was about to change. My mother was walking me home and I told her I had to go badly, and she had an odd expression on her face, and said, “it’s unlike you to need to pee badly all of the sudden like this.” We started walking quickly. I remember leaking once along the way and starting to lightly hold myself. My mother noticed my holding and had a concerned expression on her face, and tried to encourage me. I was getting stressed again. We went into the house and as we entered I had a decent sized spurt. Enough that the pee leaked down the legging like material that was under the upper part. It was bad, but I was literally only 30 seconds away from relief. I thought so and my mom thought so. I rushed into the bathroom and tried to pull my pants down, but everything was so difficult.

I should’ve remained calm, but I didn’t I was tugging, not undoing, the belt and the armor piece. I got hot tears in my eyes and called for my mom. She came in and tried to help me, but I was panicing. Hopping up and down, pitifully right next to the toilet. My brain thought I was close to release, but the way things were going it was going to take a few minutes at least to get the costume off. In my panic I spurted several times, a little pee got on the floor and my mom looked pretty shocked. I remember being supremely embarrassed as my younger sisters looked on to my, at the moment, extreme desperation and leaking.

My mom yanked down the pants with the belt and that was it. With only the already soaked leggings and plastic armor left hanging from the shirt, I couldn’t hold it. I let out one huge spurt. Bent over and while holding myself began to pee uncontrollably. My sisters were giggling and my mom was still trying to get me to stop. I may have been able to stop again, but I went into a tantrum. I was finally having the blow out accident I never had as a four or five year old. I peed, cried, and sobbed for at least 45 seconds. I regressed into a small child for a good hour. Crying, in shock, shame, and embarrassment over my accident. 

Thinking this should never happen to an EIGHT year old. I was eight and I had just peed myself in the fashion of a child going through potty training. Standing right in front of the toilet with their mother. She tried to comfort me, but it was no use. I was absolutely inconsolable. She threw out the whole expensive costume and my underwear. I had seen her handles my four year old sisters clothing in a similar way and it made me feel so ashamed. My previously, at least as far as everyone knew, undefeated bladder had lost. In one of the most juvenile ways possible.

Looking back now, I think this wetting and the one above are fairly non-standard for an eight year old. Maybe I didn’t have a great bladder. I will post more later. How do my experiences compare to yours?

*009*2016-03-04 07:52

Looking back I definetly did have a pretty weak bladder until I was 10 or so. I wet myself a little so often it barely even bothered me when I happened.

*012*2016-03-24 16:46

I am remembering the first time I wet myself and enjoyed it. I was playing with my friends on a hot summer day in the sprinklers. I was probably 10 years old and my "problems" with peeing had pretty much gone away. I no longer had little spurt of pee in my pants every few days.

This day I was very distracted though. All day I had Ben outside drinking water in the heat. Because of this I had been quickly developing the need to pee, but I guess my mind was still not fully matured as I was able to pretty much ignore it until I started having an accident. I leaked once while running through the sprinklers and it surprised me. As often happened when I was younger, I had no idea that i needed to pee until I was on the absolute edge of being able to hold it. The shock that came made me thrust my hands onto my crotch. I was thinking though, it's wet here, nobody will know if I pee myself. Besides, I thought, I didn't want to make myself loom like a child by running inside to the toilet, a hand on my crotch. With that, my embarrassment of the situation left.

I decided I would just go ahead and pee my pants. I tried to do it immediately, but couldn't. I was basically telling my body to ignore years of conditioning to not pee while clothed. I was just standing still, needing to pee, but not able to. So I decided to just run around, and pee when the urge came. Maybe ten minutes later, it happened. I felt a strong leak coming on and made no attempt to stop it. It felt incredible, wetting myself without even trying to stop it. It was the first "erotic" experience of my life, and probably why I connect pee with my sexuality.

I'm not sure if that even counts as a pee accident or not. It's actually the second to last time I ever peed myself at all not.on purpose. The last time was very minor. I was 11 or so and was watching some funny show with a friend and peed a little while laughing uncontrollably.

*018*2016-05-08 19:03

I think boys do wet themselves far less than girls though. That's from purely anecdotal evidence though.

