Ask for bathroom or hold it?

Author: Lukhas

*000*2016-02-21 20:27

This day should be very nice, only 5 lessons and rest of the day only for me. Nice cold weather did that I thought about hot tee in my room after school.

Lesson number 3 is gymclass. We are playing football and we are drinking much water or another drinks. After gym I am going to my class, yes I need to pee a little, it will not to be problem to hold it another 45 minutes. Next lesson is history for me and for one part of class english. So I am sitting in the class and follow lesson. In the middle of lesson I feel that I need to bathroom rapidly more than in the brake. OK, I must only hold it, it is not problem. Teacher now is ending with talking and we get to see movie about some historical places. So I can change sitting position and it is better now.

But it takes no long time and I need more and more. Should I ask for bathroom? But I do not want to disturb video. No, I must hold it. 8 minute befor brake I am feeling warm spurt to my briefs, I manage to stop it- but now I must go to the bathroom.

My hand is going up, I am looking for the teacher, she is in the back classroom, she does not see me. Oh, I need really badly.

Finally she notices me! I am saved! Or my jeans are saved- better said.

"Lukas, what do you need?"

"I need to go to the bathroom.

"Lukas, it is only 5 minutes to brake, you can hold it, right?

Shit, I am too shy to say no. I am sitting back behind my desk but tears are running down my face. And there is not wet only my face. I am feeling how there down between my legs is starting to flow a stream of my pee. The stream is stronger and stronger and there is no possible to stop it. A short moment after my pee floods through my jeans to chair and down to the floor. Two minutes before break I am sitting in my peed jeans in the classroom and last drops of my own pee are falling to the floor.

Nobody notice something because movie speaks in a loud voice. But I do not have a idea what I can do after school bell ring brake.

Yes, it should be nice day...

*003*2016-02-22 16:52

Same as me, but sometimes I could not hold it any more and peed myself.

*005*2016-02-24 21:34

{{ 

I almost didn't make it and wonder sometimes what would have happened if she told me to wait

}}

It is easy, in that case you should poop yourself in the middle of classroom. And it can be humiliating experience ever.

