Earliest Omo Memories

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2015-05-21 19:38

I just wanted to share some of my earliest wetting memories. The very earliest thing I can remember with wetting are vague bits of memories I have of wearing pull ups as a toddler, and how I'd sometimes get too scared by something, or couldn't make it to the bathroom in time, and ended up wetting them. I remember how it felt to wet them the clearest, and that even though I failed in what I was trying to do, that I still enjoyed the warm feeling as I soaked my pull up. Sometimes I'd just wet them for fun, even though I'd get in trouble for it later.

The next thing I can remember is from a few years later. Around kindergarten age. At the time, we had a house on the edge of some woods in our backyard, and I'd go out and play around in them alone for hours sometimes. When I was alone, I wouldn't want to stop playing to go to the bathroom, so pretty often, I'd just sit there and pee in my pants. I didn't see anything wrong with it at all. I was alone, wanted to keep playing, and it felt good too. I'd keep playing for hours after wetting myself, and it would dry out really well so no one would notice what I did. Or if they did notice, I never knew about it, which is probably what happened now that I think of it. 

When my parents did my laundry, and saw my underwear, there's no way else to explain the reason my briefs were always sort of yellow.. I even had a friend who would do the same thing sometimes, not because he wanted to though, but because he had a weak bladder, and sometimes had some pretty big leaks. He knew he'd never make it to a bathroom, like he was, from where we usually played, so when he could, he'd go off and pee in the bushes every once in a while. Not enough to stop wetting his pants though. It happened so much that one of the ways I identified him was the smell of dried out pee that was usually around him. I didn't mind much though...

A little later I did start going to kindergarten, and while I was there started getting weird ideas. I thought of maybe for fun like letting little leaks of pee out into my underwear. Not enough to make a wet spot on my pants, but just enough to make my briefs wet. I nervously tried my idea out in class one day. As I sat there I relaxed my bladder a little, and let a few drops out. Just like I thought, just my underwear got wet, and it didn't make it to my pants. I felt like I was getting away with something, or that I was hiding my own secret right there in front of everyone. I did it every day after that, all through the day I'd dribble a little pee into my underwear, and would just go on with my day in damp underwear. There were some bad days while doing that though.

Sometimes I'd try and just leak a little when I had a full bladder, and end up wetting a big spot on my pants, and be made fun of as a pants wetter by the other kids, but I still kept on doing it. A few big leaks weren't going to stop me enjoying the little ones. I do remember one really bad leak. It was during nap-time. I was bored, and not tired at all, so I got the brilliant idea to try to leak again for fun. I layed there, and relaxed as usual, but instead of the normal couple of drops, I had what felt like a faucet of warm water turn on in my pants. I was horrified. I thought I knew what happened, and reached under the covers to be sure though, and felt the front of my pants.

My hand came back drenched. I was terrified. If I got up to try and fix it I'd be caught, so I just layed there wet, and scared. The whole time hoping that it would last long enough to dry out on it's own. No luck though. Nap-time was over 15 minutes later, and My pants were still soaked. I tried to stay where I was the longest. Luckily one of the adults there came over alone, saw what I did, and thinking I just wet my bed, quickly got me somewhere away from the others for a change of dry clothes. I was labeled a bedwetter by the administration after that, and made to use the bathroom from then on before nap-time. I didn't care though. I more or less dodged a bullet when it came to the other kids making fun of me. I still didn't stop leaking all the rest of the time there though, and I even kept doing it most of the way through first grade. Until it was replaced by my full on, secret pants wettings that I started that is...

*006*2015-05-29 12:49

{{ 

I had quite a few experiences when I was younger. I recall a few times I would try to wet the bed by putting my hand under the faucet and running to bed so I could fall asleep with a wet hand, thinking it would make me wet. It never did, obviously. Other times I would lie in bed and slowly wet my pjs and they were always dry by morning. Sometimes I would get out of bed and stand there and wet my pjs and then go back to sleep knowing they would be dry (or mostly) by morning.

Other times I would sit on the toilet and wet my briefs or do it in the shower so I could rinse them out. I would let them dry and throw them in the laundry. I'm sure my mom must have noticed the stains, but she never said anything. I staged a few 'accidents' in front of my parents when I was younger and they were always sympathetic. I only did it a few times though.

}}

I do the same thing sometimes in the tub. Just lay back, relax, and soak my pants where I can rinse them out, and clean up easily.

{{ 

I have posted my most memorable childhood stories in similar threads previously. $/24722-young-wetting-stories/page-2#entry939123

There is one tale I had forgotten about. I was a bit older in 8th grade so around 13 or 14. I attended a Catholic grade school, and being excused to use the restroom was a big hassle. Like most students I would just hold it. There were a few girls (for some reason no boys) that wet themselves over the years. Our last opportunity to pee for the day was just before lunch, so, around 12 noon. We did not change classes then, so we were stuck in the classroom.

We got out of school around 3PM, and I needed to pee rather badly, but not desperately, so I forewent a detour to the boy’s room. We could not do this without the nuns noticing, and admonishing us for not being grown up and holding it. I only made that day end trip to the restroom on the few occasions, when I felt like I was about to wet my pants, and could not wait until I got home.

Our school library was small, with few research books, (this was mid 1960’s )so in order to look things up for an assignment we needed to use the public library about a twenty minute walk from school. I set out on my journey, not worried about needing to pee, in fact in a strange way I enjoyed it somewhat.

As I worked on my project my need to pee quickly increased. My bladder was stretched and painful and there was strong pressure in my penis, near the pee hole. I found it necessary to start holding myself periodically. Once my need to pee increased to the point that I needed to hold my penis constantly to keep from peeing, I decided to get up and use the restroom, something I habitually avoided, since I did not want people to know my need. I was chagrined to discover they were locked! There was no sign or explanation, the door was simply locked. I was too shy to ask the librarian. I was already embarrassed that someone would notice that I tried to go and couldn’t, and thus know I was holding it.

As usual getting up increased my need to relieve my bladder significantly. I was not done with my report, and it was about a half hour walk home. I was soon forced to start squirming my legs back and forth, in addition to holding myself tightly. Even at that age I had excellent bladder control, and was usually confident in my ability to hold my pee, but I was beginning to worry about wetting my pants. Why was that freeken men’s room door locked (I know it sounds like a cliché but yes this happens in real life).

I was having difficulty concentrating on my research, and my intense need to pee. Writing became difficult, with one hand in my crotch, but whenever I let go my pee felt like it would come out. I was able to arrange myself so squeezing my legs together tightly helped somewhat. It was less effective though, so I still had to use my hand each time I felt like a leak was about to start.

This was during the winter and it was starting to get dark, so it must have been about 4:30 PM when I left the library for my 30 minute walk home. Happily my pants were still dry but the walk ahead seemed like an eternity. I held my books in front of me thinking it was slightly less obvious what my hand was doing. Several times while waiting at a crosswalk, I had to cross my legs in a sort of pee-pee dance.

Amazingly my struggling not to urinate in my pants seemed to be working. I was almost home, just a short walk through the woods and I would be home. I had made it home with dry pants, and part of me was enjoying this, despite the pain I was in.

However, as I entered the woods, the pressure on my pee hole increased sharply. I had not thought that possible. I can still see it in my mind’s eye; I was at the bottom of a hill that would take at most 3-4 minutes to climb to my house, and I was about do something I was too old to be doing. I thought about just whipping it out and going right there but I was afraid of being caught. Being so close to home, saying I could not hold it any longer would not do. In a panic I grabbed my penis as tightly as I could, crossed my legs and bent forward. In a moment or so the surge ended, I had not peed, so I gingerly began walking again. About half way through the wooded area the surge of pee at my pee hole returned. But this time despite my frantic efforts to hold my pee just 2 more minutes, I felt a strange tickle across the tip of my penis, followed by a very slowly growing wet spot in my white cotton briefs. I think the ‘tickle’ was caused by a tiny trickle of urine flowing across it.

OMG I can’t be wetting my pants now, this close to home, they will never dry. I hoped my school uniform dark navy blue pants would not show my accident, as I again bent forward, clutching myself ,struggling to stop the flow. Fortunately, my superior bladder control permitted me to stop peeing with only a baseball sized wet spot in my briefs, and dry pants, which nobody noticed.

I stayed in my slightly wet underwear until it was time for a shower, by which time they had dried. As I lay in bed later, thinking about the ordeal, I became aroused, and acted accordingly. It had worked out well. I did not plan to hold my pee, but did so as long as possible, even wetting my pants a bit. This was the first time I recall getting excited by my own desperation

}}

I have a similar experience. I'll probably post it sometime.

