Wet Gaming

Author: PsN3rd

*000*2015-06-03 23:11

This happened a good two years ago now - I was at home by myself playing an online first-person shooter with my sister when it kind of hit me: My bladder felt pretty full.

Most of the times that I wind up holding, it sort of happens on a whim. I'll be doing something and I'll realize that I have to pee out of nowhere. That was the case that day. This also occured a few days after I told a good friend of mine that I was into omorashi and that I kind of liked the idea of wetting myself. Even though this was true, I'm a bit on the lazy side and never feel like cleaning anything up (especially one carpeted floors), so I usually just hold for a while and then go to the bathroom.

Anyway, I was playing online in a lobby that my sister was also playing in - I was trying to concentrate on the game, but as time went on and more battles passed (they were all pretty short), the pressure grew. As my kill/death ratio dropped I'm sure my sister could tell something was up, but she never mentioned anything though. Normally, I do pretty good, but that day was one of the worst. It was amusing to know that secretly, I was stuggling with my bladder.

I wasn't using a mic, so there was no communication between me, my sister, or anyone else in the lobby. I was however texting my friend that I told about omorashi just a few days earlier. She didn't really understand it, but was supportive of me for a while. I told her a couple times that I really had to go. She told me multiple times just to wet myself and get it over with, and the thought was definitely tantalizing but I decided to hold longer.

Eventually, the pressure out of control and I thought to myself "Well, there are carpeted floors everywhere in my house - I better make my way to the bathroom unless I want a huge mess that's going to be impossible to clean before anyone gets home." Then an idea hit me: I need to go outside to get the mail and feed my outdoor cat. I can hold it until I finish that.

I threw on some shorts (I had only been in my breifs up until then) and headed outside with a full bladder. Each step made my bladder feel like a water balloon that was being squeezed in a multitude of ways - It felt like I was ready to burst. I walked down to the end of my long driveway, got my mail, and slowly walked back up to my house. Time to feed my cat. I set the mail down and headed to the garage. As I grabbed the doorknob, I felt a small leak escape into my briefs. It was completely accidental - I was actually trying not to go, but I couldn't stop it. Soon another followed. Each step was followed by an accidental spurt.

By now, there was a small wet spot on the front of my shorts about the size of a baseball. As I opened the can of cat food, I struggled to keep any more from coming out. I was successful for a second, then I had to bend over to put the can down. On the way down, a pretty big leak escaped and ran down my leg. I stopped and knelt on one knee and grabbed myself. "I really gotto go." I told myself under my breath - I was extremely turned on at this point. I stood up and rubbed my crotch which was pretty damp now, I thought to myself, "Hey, there's no carpet out here." The whole way from my garage to my back porch I let it all go. The warmth ran down my legs as I left wet spots the entire length of my sidewalk. It felt absolutely amazing.

Before I went inside, I slid off my shorts, removed my shoes, and went inside with drenched briefs. I then proceeded to the shower and continued playing the game where I did much better than I was just a little while before.

Thank you for reading. XD

