The Story about Manuela

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-16 12:03

About 6 or 8 weeks ago in a pub I met a sexy woman I know from before. We talked a little and she wanted to use the toilet urgently, because she had waited too long (all evening as she told me some hours later). I refused her doing so and invited her to use the clean toilet at my home. After emptying her glass, she went home with me. That time she did not seem as drunken as she really was.

When we left that pub, she stopped outside and stood there in the rain with her legs very tight for a few minutes. Then I grabbed her and we crossed the street. We bought another bottle of wine for her at a petrol station. (I have no drinks at home since I stopped drinking alcohol.) When we left there, she again and again stopped and stood there concentrating on holding in her pee. Every about 200m or less she stopped. And every time I told her that it would be the shortest way and it would not be far. We needed more than about 40 minutes (instead of normally less than 10). In front of the house she told me she could not hold it anymore. And I asked her, if she would be able to get up to my flat, as we stood just in front of the house... – So she groaningly held it in and followed me upstairs (3rd floor – no lift). In front of my door she bent over and seemed to be really desperate!

When she entered the bathroom she hurried to use the toilet – without closing the door. From before I know, that she can hold a really full bladder for a very long time. But now she started to worry and rant, as she could not get out of her obviously brand-new and extremely tight jeans. She was drunk and her bladder was absolutely rock hard. She could not even pull the belt far enough into her belly to get the prong of the buckle out of the belt hole...!

So I just helped her and pulled a little stronger. When she sat onto the loo, it just started to dribbled and no power piss started. I teased her a little, because before she told me she could not hold it anymore and now it just dribbled slowly – well-knowing, that her sphincter was too cramped to really let go actually. She told me, that this was her first pee. I unfortunately did not ask, if it was her first pee after she had started drinking in the pub – or also her first pee of the day, etc.

Later she drank another few glasses of wine and we had sex, but after some time I just stopped it, because she was too drunk and it was no more real fun...

She then slept beside me and when she woke up, her bladder was not just 'slightly' bulging out about 5 or 6 cm as at the moment when we arrived, but her bladder was clearly bulging out about 10 cm now! That was very painful for her, but she could hold it until she was really awake and reached the toilet with my help. But she was still very drunken and both of us were not in the mood to have full bladder sex that time. Drunken sex is no really good sex – specially if one is much more drunken than the other one. If you are just a little drunken (tipsy), it may help shy people, but really drunk, it just doesn't really work.

This woman works in a fashion shop and often has to hold in her pee for hours. And she often drinks a lot of alcohol when out and even then holds her pee for a very long time, as I knew from the last times I met her.

I wish she would hold her pee after work and would drink a lot of non-alcoholic drinks to overfill her bladder for me. But actually she on the phone tells me, that she was ashamed after our last meeting. She did not like it, that I stopped sex, when she was so drunken... I understand that, but I would like to have sex with a sexy woman and not with a totally drunken one, who normally is so sexy...

I within the next weeks will meet her again some day and then I definitely will not buy her another bottle of wine, but e.g. have a walk to a nearby big lake – and when we later go to my or her home, she will (hopefully) be more clear and probably hold a really full bladder then – or at least in the morning.

