A talk with my friend

Author: Vickypee

*000*2012-02-02 21:25

So ive never told anyone else in real life but my bf about this sort of stuff. but yesterday i was hanging out with a friend between classes at school and we were joking around and laughing and she said, "stop making me laugh or i'll pee my pants!" that made me curious and we kept going and laughing and soon she had her legs crossed and said, "seriously stop or i'll pee my pants!" i didnt want to push anything so we calmed down and stopped laughing and i asked, "have you ever really peed your pants from laughing too hard?" she turned red a little but said, "a few times ive peed a little bit, yeah. you?" i said, "oh, sure. if i laugh too hard and i have to pee then my panties better watch out!" we laughed some more and i asked her if she had ever peed her pants not from laughing, like on accident. she turned red again and said, "sometimes..." i asked her when the last time was. she said, "a couple of years ago. what about you?" i told her that I have had more than a few accidents in my life. i then told her about the "accident" I had in my car a few months ago that i posted here from when i held too long during class and peed my jeans in my car on the way home. i then asked what happened to her a couple of years ago. she said that she had drank a lot of water at school and didnt get to go pee after lunch and she was in a test in last period and started leaking into her jeans and ran out of the room to teh bathroom but when she did get to teh bathroom before she could get into a stall she lost control and totally peed her jeans standing in the bathroom. she then had to wait for one of her friends to come to check on her when she didnt go back to class and then go to the school nurse in soaking wet jeans and wait for her friend to get her gym shorts from her locker. i said that must have sucked. she said it did. but then something else came up and we stopped talking about wetting but maybe i'll get to bring it up with her again soon. :)

