My wetting accident last evening at a café in front of a journalist!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-09-22 02:20

Last evening something happened that I am pretty sure will never happen again. I was strolling around in the city. I'd been having a lot of coca cola and was getting pretty desperate to pee. It felt nice but I wanted to intense that feeling, why I directed my steps to a café. Coffee would be what I needed to reach the final stage of desperation, I thought.

It was a very cosy café. The interior decoration was kind of Laura Ashley inspired, and the chairs were very comfortable with thick, comfy cushions. I sat down at a round table in a corner. The tablecloth was quite generous; enough to cover my legs, which I appreciated as maybe there would be some wriggling and even holding. I ordered coffee and one Danish pastry.

I'd just started to enjoy my coffee, when a voice made me to look up. It was a good-looking woman in her thirties:

"Excuse me! I'm reporter at News at Town" (a fictitious name), "and I would like to make some questions about your café habits. If you attend cafés often, which you like most, how you want a café to be like and so on. I would really appreciate if you will have the kindness to answer them! May I sit down?"

I was taken by surprise and couldn't find a reason to say no. But I did regret saying yes right after I'd said it. I mean, after all I was pretty - no, by now I was very - desperate. What if I had to hold myself? This could be thrilling!

The journalist told her name was Barbro and asked for mine. Then she began her questions. She was a very nice woman and funny to talk to. When she'd finished her questions, we went on talking about all sorts of things. At first I didn't feel at all desperate. But after about twenty minutes I felt a sudden, strong twitch in my lower abdomen. And then the desperation began! I sneaked my right hand under the tablecloth, drew up my skirt and pressed my hand on my crotch.

Barbro didn't notice anything. My desperation increased. I squeezed my thighs hard together. The twitches came faster and stronger. It was as they were knocking on the door, demanding me to release my pee! Knowing this wasn't the right time to wet myself, I tried as hard as I could to prevent an accident, which seemed to approach so inexorably fast. I rubbed my pussy forcefully, which quickly got me to the verge to come! Mustn't happen, I thought! If it did I would most certain lose the battle...

Barbro gave me a quizzical look, when I suddenly gave away a moan. I felt my fingers getting wet. I'd had a strong spurt of pee in my panties, and it took all my strength to stop me from totally lose it. I pressed and rubbed harder, but had to stop doing so. If I'd continued, I would no doubt orgasm right there, in front of a journalist interviewing me! That would have been too embarrassing! Well, the alternative would also be embarrassing, as it would be me wetting myself in front of a journalist interviewing me! But as I couldn't possibly have an orgasm without her noticing it, I decided to let Nature have its course! Which Nature had the next moment! I completely lost it! My pee streamed through my panties, between my fingers and into the thick chair cushion, which silently absorbed my pee!

I probably blushed and my breathing was a bit strained. Barbro asked if anything was wrong, but I denied it. While I was still wetting myself... It went on for ever and I was actually talking to her at the same time as I peed. I felt really weird, and I was so embarrassed!

Finally she thanked me and said she enjoyed our talk. "Likewise", I answered and felt so relieved, when she left. I hoped she didn't thought I was unpolite, as I didnt rise to say goodbye...

Then I sat there for about ten minutes, thinking of what to do. I've peed litres into the chair cushion and some had come onto the carpet too. I know, I had to tell the waitress about my accident. But it wasn't an easy step to take; it would be so embarrassing, so very humiliating to confess that I've been wetting myself like a baby. At the same time the feelings of embarrassment and humiliation made me really aroused! I couldn't help myself from touching my pussy, and before I even knew what I was doing, I was eagerly caressing my pussy upon my soaked panties! I reached an overwhelming orgasm within a couple of minutes and I had to bit my lips to avoid screaming!

And before I left the café, I told the waitress that I'd had a wetting accident. I told her that I absolutely wanted to pay for the damages and left my name, address and mobile number. She was very sweet and said that accidents happen! As I was talking to her, pee drops still ran down my legs.

To confess my accident to the waitress was one of the most humiliating moments of my life!

*020*2012-10-06 23:30

Oh, thankyou very much for all your nice comments!

Some of you thought that I was brave for telling the waitress about my accident. But honestly, I don't think I was brave. Of course I was embarrassed when I told her. But I'd peed on a chair and on the carpet in a private owned café. It wouldn't be fair to just leave without taking responsibility for the damage I'd caused. Similar accidents have happened before, and I'm by now quite used to tell what happened. And never has anyone been angry with me; on the contrary, they've been very nice. I guess people appreciate honesty. There is also something I got to confess: For me the embarrassment I feel, when I confess an accident, gets me really turned on! Weird, isn't it?

Lots of kisses to all of you!!

