Wetting Pajamas While Relaxing in Bed

Author: gobphus

*000*2015-02-16 15:16

I think our pee fetish is a great thing, so pleasurable and so renewable -- keep drinking and keep wetting! I'm lying in bed right now, having taken my soaked and leaking overnight diaper off. A moment ago I felt something warm and wet spreading across my lap, and I realized that I was wetting my pajamas almost without deciding to do so. That's almost as good a feeling as waking up already wetting.

Maybe the next time I wet, my hot urine will make its ways under my bottom. I like when that happens inside my diaper, and I bet it will feel just as good in pajamas. I'm getting aroused just thinking about doing that.

Oops, I just peed again! I'm incorrigible, but it felt so good to wet my pajamas, like that time I woke up just after wetting them back in December. As it did that time, my lap just now filled with hot pee. I'm getting aroused again as I feel the cooling wetness.

I've wet my pajamas two more times as I've sat in bed, and every time feels just wonderful as hot pee spreads across my lap! I could lie here all day wetting myself like this, but instead I must get up, wipe off, and cook breakfast. Later today I'll resume playing in my wet bed. That will be fun!


*002*2015-02-17 00:32

{{ 

Great post, keep on writing!

}}

Thanks, Mike. Writing about wetting is part of the fun, don't you think?

*004*2015-02-17 04:04

{{ 

Your welcome, I do think it is part of the fun, a big part, an even bigger one is sharing them with others such as on here like I do.

}}

Absolutely!

*006*2015-02-17 11:59

{{ 

Mmmmm so sexy <3

}}

Coming from you, Gemmy, that's a real compliment. Thanks! Your posts about being desperate in bed, losing control, and soaking your sheets are very arousing.

*008*2015-02-25 22:58

{{ 

Definitely! Sometimes when I'm in the mood to write a bit of smut, I can start off perfectly fine but by time I've written a detailed wetting scene I find myself to be quite desperate to pee - even if I've not drunk anything!

}}

The power of suggestion is real. Other things trigger me to pee, like sipping water, getting involved in something I can't stop doing, and stimulating certain parts of my anatomy.

Explicit Content

Like touching the rear edge of my anus and shower-spraying the opening of my urethra.

*010*2015-02-26 14:26

{{ 

I love bedwettings; thanks for sharing :)

}}

Then I should tell you that last night I woke up needing to pee about an hour and a half after going to bed. I was wearing black briefs, a white t-shirt, and my familiar plaid pajamas. Since I was also lying on my large waterproof pad, I knew I could wet without having a lot of laundry to do. So, I rolled over onto my tummy, drew my left leg up a bit to ease the pressure on my penis, and relaxed. Almost immediately I felt an explosion of hot wetness all around my crotch. What I didn't expect was that same sensation of heat halfway down my left thigh. That surprise was an added bonus for my decision to wet. I lay still for a few minutes, as the warmth slowly faded. At last I needed to pee again, so once again I relaxed and felt fresh hot urine bathing my pubic area, and my left thigh. What a lovely sensation! No wonder I wet the bed into young adulthood.

I wet a couple more times last night but my previous wettings had been so heavy that my pajamas were soaked and quickly drained the heat from my fresh pee. At that point I got up, stripped my soggy clothes off, gathered up the soaked pad from my dry bed, and took the lot downstairs to the laundry room. After starting the washer on the load of wet clothes and pad, I went back upstairs, put on clean pajamas, and got back into bed.

This morning I woke up dry but wanted to go back to sleep or at least to relax in bed, so I put on a NorthShore pullup and have enjoyed wetting it a couple of times now. Now it's time for breakfast.

