Playing games with myself

Author: AndyT

*000*2013-12-14 19:36

I had the day away from my girfriend and thought that I would play a pee game with myself to see how much I could hold. I had managed around 800ml before and wanted to reach a 1l.

It was around midday and I anhad already had a cup of tea, a large glass of orange juice and a small glass of water. I was out and started to feel the urge to pee. I went into town to do some shopping and drank another litre of water. By the time I got back to the car I was feeling pretty desperate and could feel my penis beginning to ache from the pressure of holding my pee back. I started the journey home and thought that I would stop and get the car washed. When I got to the hand car wash there was quite a long queue but I thought I could hold on until I got home so I joined the back of three cars. By now I was feeling really desperate and had to keep holding myself. The sound of water from the hoses all around me was not helping!

Finally it was my turn and the guys washed the outside. I pulled forward to where they dry and hoover the cars. I got out and standing up really made the pressure feel a lot worse. By now I wished I hadn't stopped to get the car washed and just gone home! As i said it was really busy at the car wash and what would normally take about 5 mins to dry and hoover was taking an age. I was pacing up and down just looking around for a place to pee. I said to myself that I could hold it a bit longer and tried to take my mind off it. After about another 5 mins I knew I would have to pee somewhere immediately or I was peeing my pants. I decided to go behind a nearby building and quickly let out some pressure. The feeling was amazing as pee flowed from me. I let out what must have been my normal bladder capacity and it still felt quite full. I stopped as I wanted to continue playing the game.

My car now washed and my bladder now much emptier I decided to call into a nearby shop and pick up a few things. No more than about 20 mins later I was bursting again and had to head for home. I pee'd into a cup and measured just over 800ml. Damn I thought. I have continued again twice more and managed just over 800 each time before the pressure gets too much!

So far its been a great day.

Anyone got any tips to hold out that bit longer. I want to get to 1l

