My friend in first grade

Author: DezzyBlack

*000*2014-09-01 21:54

So... I don't even know how to explain all of this. When I was in first grade, I had a friend who was one year older than me and somehow, we've discovered we shared this fascination with peeing. I don't remember how we knew, only that we did.

The two of us both had working mothers and stayed in a club-type thing after school. We were also the only ones who spoke out shared native tongue and we'd go around whispering about 'our secret' (although we actually spent most of our time talking about books and solving the math workbook ahead of time like good little nerd girls).

When we had to pee, we would wait until the last moment so we could race to the toilet and make it just in time. She would always dare me to let a bit of pee out in my pants and I once made her remove her jeans under a coat in the corner and pee in a crowded room - I'm glad we weren't caught, or at least weren't called out for it, or else someone would have some very traumatic memories.

When I was in second grade, we both quit the school's babysitting service and she would come over to my house once in a while. I had a teddy bear as tall as I was and we'd pee on it, or sort of just... stand in the toilet watching the other one pee?

Either way, between our gushing about Math and Harry Potter, there was a lot of peeing involved.

Obviously, we both knew it was 'wrong' and all that. One time, she introduced me to a friend of hers and I asked something I don't remember and she said that "No, she's a good girl, she doesn't play pee games."

A while after that, I moved and we never saw each other again

I can sort of understand why I'm into this now, because it's a fetish and all that, not to mention I'm used to it... but I honestly don't know what the hell we were even doing.

*003*2014-09-02 13:45

{{ 

That's certainly an interesting childhood. A lot more interesting than mine.

}}

Honestly, I don't remember much. But even if it didn't start my fetish, it certainly did nothing to discourage it.

I sort of wonder what happened to the girl - cause we live on different continents now - and whether she's still into this.

(Also whether she likes girls.)

