My history of sightings

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-10-31 03:00

Hi! I just thought I'd recount some of my sightings of desperate women over the years.

My interest in females being desperate to pee (and wetting themselves uncontrollably!) started when I was 6 or 7 years old. I was staying at my cousins (a boy and girl) overnight and we were playing King of the Hill. My male cousin's be was the "mountain" one of us would stand on as the other two tried to knock the "King" down. We would start in the doorway of my cousin's room and run toward the bed to attempt to knock down the "King" After we were playing for awhile my girl cousin (who was several years older than me) announced she was going to have to pee soon. It was her turn to be king and my turn to try to knock her down.

I took off running toward the bed, but before I reached it, my foot got caught on a loose rug and I tripped. My foot was caught in the rug, so my body rotated 180 degrees as a I fell. My head landed on the very edge of the bed between my girl cousin's feet, and for a split second, before my head bounced back off the bed, I found myself looking straight up her nightgown. She had busted up laughing at my fall, and in that split second I saw dark spots form on her panties as she lost control in her laughter and started to pee herself. She jumped off the bed and ran toward the bathroom yelling "I'm peeing myself!"

"You made me pee myself!" She ended up having to change clothes before coming back to play. I believe she actually wet herself twice that night, but my memory is too fuzzy to remember anything else.

My Mom once told me about a time she had gone somewhere with her friend and her friend's mother years before, and on the way home my Mom needed to pee real bad. Her friend's mom kept saying funny things and making them laugh, and my Mom laughed so hard she lost control and peed herself in the car.

I remember a time in Junior High School (7th or 8th grade) I was sitting in class one day waiting for the teacher to arrive. Two of my classmates (both boys) were talking to each other behind me. The one boy was telling the other about a girl classmate whom I wasn't acquainted with who had arrived first thing in the morning at school and asked him where the teacher was. When he asked her why, she said "I peed myself." He said her legs were soaked all the way down, and I remember vividly how he said her shoes squished when she walked, because they were soaked in pee.

I remember my Mom at one time babysat a little girl. The girl's older sister was the same age as me, although a year behind me in school. I remember telling the older sister one time about the incident where my Mom wet herself laughing in her friend's car. (I don't know why, I guess I just could help myself!) She seemed rather interested by it. One day she came home from school while my Mom was babysitting her little sister, and came into the kitchen. She proclaimed rather loudly that she really needed to pee bad, and did a little fidgeting while leaning on the kitchen island.

She pointedly looked at me when she did it. Like an idiot I paid little attention to her, and soon she went upstairs to the bathroom. It wasn't until I thought back on it years later, that I realized she was trying to come on to me with her little pee dance. DUH! What an idiot I was! (Hey I was very introverted and socially awkward - So sue me!) (To add insult to injury, she later competed in the Miss America Pageant!)

I remember the last time I went to the rodeo. There is a rodeo some miles from here every summer for a week. They used to claim it was the largest rodeo east of the Mississippi River. My Dad used to take me every year, and this incident took place the very last time we went. The rodeo that year was, for the first time, presented by a different rodeo company than in the previous years. As a result, the events lasted considerably longer than usual. I remember seeing a group of teenagers (17-18 years old probably) enter the arena with plastic water bottles. When the rodeo ended, the teenagers happened to be right behind me. I suspect now that they had vodka in the water bottles, as they appeared to be rather drunk as they left.

The one girl, who was wearing blue jeans, was so plastered her friends had ahold of her arms and practically had to drag her along between them. They were all giggling and laughing and girl in the blue jeans kept stating loudly that she needed to pee. They apparently stopped near the gate of the rodeo grounds, while my Dad and I continued out to his car which was parked with all the other cars on the opposite hillside from the open-air arena. I could no longer see the teenagers, but as we waited in a monumental traffic jam to leave the rodeo grounds, I could hear the drunk girl repeated yelling out, "I HAVE TO PEE!" Eventually her yell changed to "I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD!" to "I'M GOING TO PEE MYSELF!" to "I'M PEEING MYSELF!" to finally, "I PEED MYSELF!" I never saw anything in the dark from the opposite hillside, but I'll never forget listening to her shouts!

I remember a couple of sightings at work. The first was a middle aged woman about 50 or so, who was wearing a dark brown pant suit. She really wasn't much to look at as far as her face goes. Anyway, she came into the store I work as a clerk at, and started browsing through the magazines. I didn't pay too much attention to her at first. I happened to look in her direction, and saw her squat down to look through the magazines on the bottom rack. As she squatted, I saw her start rocking on her heels and she started sucking wind through her teeth. She quickly stood back up and started fidgeting as she stood there. She finally chose several magazines to buy and brought them up to the counter.

As I was ringing them up she started fidgeting and sucking wind through her teeth, and suddenly she crossed her legs in such a sudden, violent manner, and lurched over, I thought she was going to knock a display rack on the counter over. When I finished ringing her up she asked me where the nearest bathroom was. I suggested the bar two doors down. (We are not allowed to let customers use our bathroom.) She thanked me and marched to that bar, only to learn (as I found out later) their bathrooms were out of order due to a plumbing problem! She left that bar, and I saw her march across the street to another bar over there where she apparently used their bathroom.

The other notable sighting at work happened this past winter. A lady customer came to our store who confined to a motorized wheelchair. She always has a private duty nurse with her to assist her. The nurse on this particular visit was a very attractive young blond in her twenties. I soon noticed the nurse had a small plastic water bottle sticking out of the pocket of her scrubs. The thought crossed my mind that maybe she might get an urge to pee, as I know a lot of nurses are in the habit of drinking lots of water. Sure enough I soon noticed she was rocking from foot to foot a lot while helping her patient browse the shelves. This went on for an hour or so, when the nurse finally approached me and asked if we had a bathroom she could use.

Normally we are not allowed to let customers use our bathroom, and on this occasion it so happened the plumbing was disconnected as the sewer lines were being replaced. I told her so, but she gave me a dirty look, like she thought I was lying! The nurse went back to helping her patient, and she went on rocking from foot to foot for another hour or so. Finally, the patient made her selections and the nurse paid for them for her. The nurse left her patient on the sidewalk out front, and darted across the street to see if the flower shop on the other side was still open. She saw to her disappointment it was not. She darted back across the street to rejoin her patient and made the mistake of almost running. This must have jarred her bladder, as she quickly shoved her hand into the pocket of her scrubs to grab herself and help hold her pee back. The nurse and her patient disappeared down the sidewalk and I'll never know if she made it to a toilet in time.

Well, I hope you enjoyed this little stroll down memory lane!

Pdancefan

