Oops I had an accident in highschool

Author: urinatedpanties

*000*2014-02-02 00:11

Hi everyboby, I'm here^^

I'm into omorashi since I was very young I started to like to see others holding themselves and having accident before I discovered I like to wet myself too.

So I'm going to tell you the accident that made me realise that I like to pee my pants

I was 16 years old when I first try to wet myself to know how it feel, I've tried to do it on the toilet with only my panties on but even if I tried a long time I just couldn't start peeing. So I thought that to be sure to wet my panties I would need to be desperate but that was impossible because I lived with my family (my parents and my two sisters) so it would have been imposible to be desperate without everyone noticing what I was doing...

But later this day I heard at the radio that tomorow there wouldn't be any school bus in circulation because of the snow! so I decided to not go to toilet before going to bed because tomorrow my parents would be at work my younger sister would be at school because it's near our house my other sister was sick so she would stay in her room, in other terms I would be alone! So I went to bed thinking that I would finally be able to wet my panties.

The next day I've been waken up by my mother, I told her that there wasn't any school bus but she replied that she was going to bring me to high school and that she need me to be prepared earlier because she didn't want to be late at work. So I as fast as lightning took my breakfast brushed my teeth and put on my black jeans, a white t-shirt and a black jacket and mom brought me to school but in such a hurry I totally forgot to go to toilet and that I didn't go neither before going to sleep...

During the first hour I felt that my bladder was very full but I tought that I could wait until the break but of courses I did not pay attention to the fact that the next lesson was a two hours lesson of spanish, and so there was no break between the two hours and to be even more dramatic for me the teacher never allowed anybody to go to bathroom. So there I was in what would be the most terrible spanish lesson of my life, during the first 30 minutes I manged to stay calm and forget my bladder but after it quickly began to give signal that it need to be emptied as soon as possible, each passing minutes I was giving less and less attention to the teacher and focusing more and more on my bladder.

At the begining of the second hour the teacher said that she will interogate those who hadn't participate during the first hour "because even if you are shy you must practice spanish to progress" (when she said that I was thinking that the only thing that will progress for me was my pee in my pants, omg i was desperate and scared of the possibility to have an accident).

And of course whose the one she chose to go first? it was me! I had no choice so I stood up and go in front of the class cross my leg and began my stupid speech in spanish with a trembling voice and a trembling body. My presentation wasn't to long only five minutes (the minimum that the teacher asked) but when I was half way into it my bladder gave up for a few seconds and a big spurt filled my panties and began to run down my tights I managed to regain control, during this leak I hadn't stop speaking hoping that no one would notice, I finished my presentation without any more leaks, and immediatly asked the teacher if she could let me go to the bathroom but true to herself she answered no so I returned to my desk hoping that I would not have a full accident, even if it stayed more than 40 minutes to the end of the class.

When I sat down I looked at my jeans and hopefully it was not visible that I had wet them a little ( well in reality they were more than a little, from the crotch to the knee and i felt that my butt was wet half way up. I managed to wait 15 more minutes before I gave up, there where tears in my eyes I couldn't believe that I was having an accident at my age, a grown girl of 16 years old wetting her panties and jeans during a lesson of spanish in high school

I was embarrassed beyond what you can imagine, I feel my pee warming again my crotch and my butt forming a puddle on my chair then going down my tights before falling to the floor, I blushed bright red during all the process not daring to look up from my desk to anyone in the class but after a moment I realised that no one was paying attention to me but why? how none of them heard my pee hitting the floor? Then I understood why, it was because I was in the back of the class and because of the snow my schoolmates that normally sit next to me weren't here and because outside it was hailing! I was lucky in my bad luck I tought, maybe no one would notice before my mother came and pick me up.

And that's what happened no one notice, my mom came, pick me up but on the way home she asked me what was wrong, my mother know me very well and always figure out when I'm sad or doesn't feel good, I answered that I was okay but she asked me again and tears began to fell from my eyes as I told her that I totally peed myself, she tried to comfort me saying it was okay accidents happened to all of us, but I was so ashamed that I wanted to die.

When we finaly arrived, I ran to my room to calm down and take clean clothes then went to the bathroom to take a shower but when i took off my jeans and saw that my green panties were darker in the crotch and the back I looked at me in the mirror and I don't know why but I found that I was sexy with this dark spot in my panties that 's why I kept wearing them the rest of the day.

That's how I began to like to wet myself and wear peed panties

*006*2014-02-03 21:44

I'm glad that you liked my experience, and yes you're wetvic I think that this accident was benefic to me, without it maybe I wouldn't be here today^^

*011*2014-02-07 14:08

{{ 

Thanks for sharing! How long do you wear your panties for after you wet them? It's one of my favorite things about omorashi, but I don't hear about many girls who are into leaving their wet clothes on.

}}

I usually wear them the rest of the day and if I wetted late in afternoon I keep them at night but it's rare that I keep them on more than 24 hours,

