The Girl In Seat F2

Author: Raisuga

*000*2010-10-30 10:03

First off, hello, My name is Raisuga, and this is my first post. This happened to me in the 9th grade with a friend of mine whom I had a crush on for a while, and this pretty much started my interest in Omorashi. Hope you all enjoy!

Also, this is a pee/poop desperation. for those who do not like panty poop (I think thats what it's called) please don't complain, for I have given a proper warning.

It was just after school, we were all loading up for the buses. It was pretty hot that day, and kinda dry, so everyone was drinking water, but not as much as Samantha (for security reasons, I used a fake name). She had blonde hair tied in a ponytail, a blue tee shirt, and tight jean shorts that reached to her knees (for dresscode reasons). She was drinking water constantly, always going to refill her waterbottle at the water fountain every time she finished. I believe she drank like ten or twelve bottles. The bus finally came and we all sat in our seats, I was lucky enough to have the seat right next to her. As we started to leave, I noticed that she started to become rather fidgety. "Are you ok Sam?"

She just smiled at me and said, "Yeah, just feeling a little restless today." She then started to take to looking out the window. When we were about 20 minutes into the bus ride, I noticed that the water was starting to get to her now, legs bobbing, crossing, breathing a little heavy, and a slight sweat despite the AC being on full blast. "Sam, you sure you're ok?"

"Well, not exactly...."

"What's wrong? You know you can tell me."

"Well... I really need to go to the bathroom... and my stop isn't for like another half hour..."

"Oh, right you don't get off until after my stop, that sucks..."

"Yeah... I don't know if I can wait that long..." She said as she placed her backpack over her lap, obviously so that she could place her hand underneath it to hide that she was grabbing her crotch. She was really desperate, and I was suprised to find out that I was becoming arroused by it. All of a sudden, the bus starts slowing down, and stops on the sideof the road, and stalls out. Sam looked frustrated.

"Perfect timing... Damn! And I really need to go!" She went to grab her crotch again, but this time, she went further down, indicating that she also had to do more than just pee...

"Well, What're you gonna do? You know that the bus driver won't let us off the bus. It's protocol to make sure that the students stay safe, so they cant leave the bus for any reason in case of a stalling. (and yes, that is a legit bus rule, I didn't make it up)

"I don't know... I'm not sure I will make it..."

"Let's hope you can, I think the bus driver would get pretty mad if she had to clean up pee." She laughed a little, but then quickly grabbed herself to prevent any leaks. I tried to act a little funny, but I couldn't completely hide my arrousal. I couldn't help but think that I should help her, but at the same time a part of me wanted to see her get more and more desperate until she couldn't hold it in anymore. If I helped her, I could take her home, let her use the bathroom, then walk her home and maybe ask her out. On the other hand, I could see her lose the battle and have her be too embarrassed to talk to me. so...

"Well, my stop is next, you can come to my house when this is done. It doesn't take long for the backup bus to come, usually about ten minutes. You think you can hold on that long?"

"I think I can... thanks..."

I figured that that was the right choice in the matter, so I took it.

It has been twenty minutes and still no backup bus. Sam was getting more and more desperate, even let out a few farts on accident. She was really sweating now, and her legs were in constant motion. She didn't even bother to hide her desperation anymore. Thankfully nobody was paying attention to her. The bus driver said that there was traffic on the way over and the backup wouldnt be here for another ten minutes. Sam had a look of panic in her eyes as she turned to me and said, "I'm at my limit right now... I can't hold it for another ten minutes! Then there's still the transfer to the other bus, then the distance to your stop, then the walk to your house, that will take like another ten minutes!"

I took her free hand and held it in mine and said, "You can make it! I'm sure the bus will be here shortly. If worse comes to worse, we can beg the driver to let you off so you can go into the woods over there or something."

She didn't like the idea of going in the woods, but felt it may be nescessary and nodded her approval. Another ten minutes passed and the relief bus still hadn't shown up. When one of the other students asked, the driver told everyone that the relief bus broke down too, so everyone should get a phone out and call a ride. Unfortunately for me and Sam, our parents have afternoon shifts and my sister wont pick somebody up without you paying her gas money, which neither of us had. I was about to get up and ask the driver we could just walk to my stop, since it was only about two minutes away, when Sam gasped and bolted up, bent over as a wet spot formed in her crotch the size of a dime. She sat back down slowly, and got a little red in the face. I walked upt to the bus driver and asked, "Excuse me, I live right doen the road, can me and my friend walk there? She really has to use the bathroom."

But she just responded, "Sorry, I can't do that, I would get in serious trouble if I let you off this bus without a ride to come and claim you."

"Screw that! She is near bursting in her seat right now and you aren't going to let her off to use the bathroom?!"

"Sorry kid, that's regulations... now sit down."

"I'm reporting you when I go to school tomorrow. This is bull[bleep]!"

"I'm writing you up for that!"

"Like a give a damn!" And I stormed off back to my seat. Sam was trying really hard to hold on, but she was at her limit. Although I felt bad for her, I felt really excited too.

"The driver is a b[bleep]!"

"I take it we can't walk there?" I shook my head no, and tears started to roll down her cheeks. That was the last straw! I couldn't stand to see her cry, so I grabbed my bag and hers, and told her to get up and we will walk off this bus. She agreed and got up before I did, but she bent over half out of the seat, she farted again. This time, the poop surged to her pants and poked out a little, making a bulge the size a waterbottle cap. The feeling of release made her leak some pee as well, making the wet spot grow slowly. She finally pushed the poop back in, then regained control to stop the flow bfore the damage became to severe.

Now the wet spot was about the size of half her knuckle. As she tried to walk, she farted again, the solid poop rushing back into her pants, but this time, she couldn't stop it. the poop was pushing against her skin tight jeans and bulging up to the size of an orange, then a grape fruit, and continued to grow, farting all the while. She finally gave in and let the pee gush out with gutso and it made a roaring hiss as it seeped through her jeans. the wetspot spread out all along the inside of her pants, completely soaking her crotch, then her inner thighs, then down her legs and onto the floor. the bulge was now the size of both of my fists now and still growing. A puddle was forming around her feet, spreading out in all directions. When she finally stopped, she was crying. I ouldnt help but feel bad for her, so I took out a spare shirt and told her to tie it around her waist so that nobody would notice the accident.

"Th-thank you... But w-wont they notice t-the smell?"

"Nah, I'll just tell them that I ate the school's burritos today. That makes ya real gassy. So they will just think that the smell is me." With those kind gestures, Sam reached over and hugged me, and kissed me on the cheek, the drying stopped. "Thank you for trying to help."

"You're my best friend, I would help you with just about anything, as long as it's legal." And with that, we started laughing, also fully aware of the hard on I got from the experience. When we finally got to my stop, the bus started running again, I let her come to my place to clean up and change into a pair of my clothes that she could borrow. Then I walked her home and I did get that date with her.

Well there you go. I hope you enjoy it. Once again, to those who dont like poop desperation, don't complain, seeing as how I did give fair warning before the story even began.

*011*2011-01-05 04:00

Glad you all enjoyed it.

Srry bout not responding earlier, work is killer XD

Anyway, to answer some questions:

Yes, we started dating and I actually married her last year and she said yes. (Please note I am in my late twenties now compared to the time of incident

Yes, we did talk about it again, she admitted she was ashamed to have the accident in front of me. She tried apologize mostly. She also told me that the experience was somewhat enjoyable too, so I told her that I was turned on by it too. At first it was awkward, but after a few days, she asked me to come to her house and she decided to experiment with the situation and we both decided that we liked it.

I told her that I would wash her clothes since my parents were at work until late, so they wouldn't notice. I brought it all back to her the next day on the bus in the afternoon

*017*2011-04-11 19:38

^.^ Yeah, I am too... She is the girl I have always dreamed of... Not because of the incident lol, but everything about her is, in my own eyes, the perfect woman.

