Wet and happy at the same time (or close)

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-04-19 17:50

This was the ending to my overnight holding session on 4/13-4/14/13:

OK, last night my goal was to hold until 3 AM when Norah would be home.

Luckily i wasn't feeling really desperate at that point; even though i was feeling very full and was leaking a little, i  knew i'd be able to hold until then because i had my little sister on PM keeping me distracted. She is so awesome, and i love her so much !

Then, when i heard the car in the driveway, i logged out of here and put my plan into action. 

I wanted to try to hold my pee while Norah made me happy, but i had a feeling i wasn't going to be able to, at least not totally. i went downstairs to greet her, and she gave me a huge hug and kisses on my neck which, as always, sent shivers through me. 

She asked me if i needed to pee, and i said "Yes, of course!". 

I did, pretty badly now... but i explained what i wanted her to do to me, and she agreed.

She made me wait while she got changed into her black silk and lace nightie and got a couple of toys, and then she took me by the hand and led me into the bathroom.

We got into the shower cubicle together, and then she started to work her magic on me.

Normally i'm in such a heightened state of arousal that it's only a matter of minutes before i have an orgasm, but last night i was determined to resist for as long as i could.

Even so, before long i was moaning and sighing and trembling all over... 

I needed to pee and i needed to come, but i wasn't about to just let myself do either one;

She was going to have to make me do one, the other, or both...

The sensations were so amazing, i can't begin to describe it.

Every so often i'd spasm and let out a little spurt of pee, and it would splash down onto the tiles, wetting my legs and feet, and Norah, of course.

She was doing her best to make me come, and i was doing my best to fight it, because i wanted the feeling to last forever, it felt so good... i was making lots of noise now, and my whole body was trembling, vibrating in time to the pulses off the toy inside me as Norah finally was able to cause me to lose control and have an orgasm. OMG, it felt terrific...

And then, when she removed the toy and put her fingers up inside of me, i almost immediately came again, followed by the release of a huge torrent of fragrant, almost clear pee. i covered Norah with it, shuddering and gasping... her face was wet, her nightie was soaked and i could see beads of my pee gathering on her breasts as i recovered my composure. It was so hot and sexy...

I couldn't help myself... i got down on the floor next to her and began to lick the droplets off of her.

I'd never done anything like this before, but because i'd had so much water before peeing, i could barely taste anything...

It wasn't nasty or unpleasant at all; it tasted good to me at that moment, and i wanted that moment to last forever, the two of us in that shower cubicle, both wet with my sweet pee, and so in love...

Eventually, though, Norah stood up, and turned the shower on, and we let the hot water run over our bodies, rinsing off my pee. We stripped off our wet clothes and held each other there for awhile.

Then Norah turned the water off, we got out of the shower and dried each other tenderly with big soft towels, and then got into bed, still naked... and fell into a blissful sleep.

(i'm re-posting this here, because it's not really Live Action anymore if i post the end afterwards, is it?

If this is against the rules or protocol, please let me know, OK ?)

