Best sightings

Author: Country Man

*000*2012-05-21 05:32

I thought this might be a good place to collect some of the best sightings of urination.

I wouldn't say they're all that frequent for me, but I had an amazing one recently. I was coming out of a metro station pretty late at night and ahead of me were two guys and a gal. She was on the big side, with long dark curly hair, wearing a long dress and with really nice big boobs which hung a bit out of her dress, which I of course happily noticed. They were all rather intoxicated and loud. We were walking in the same direction towards the parking garage and my ears picked up when I heard her say "I've gotta have a pee!" The guys were telling her to just get to the car, and trying to keep her moving along. I heard her say "But I've gotta go NOW!"

Evidently she was not kidding, because as soon as they got to the garage, she ran into the nearest stairwell. It didn't provide much cover because all she did was stop immediately inside, gather up the folds of her dress, and have a great splashing pee on the ground. Her friends just stood there and watched, as did I from more of a distance. I couldn't tell if she was going through her panties or had them pulled to the side. Either way it was great!

When she finished they came out of the stairwell to take the elevator to their car, and that's the last I saw of them. I went over and had a look and she left an amazing puddle.

How about the rest of you guys? Any good ones to report?

*001*2012-05-21 22:35

I was visiting a national park and listening to a talk by a park ranger. Some people were standing, others were sitting on the edge of a retaining wall. The talk lasted about a half hour and I didn't notice anything unusual until it ended. One woman near me got up and there was a butt-shaped wet oval at the place where she was sitting.

Sure enough, there was a corresponding patch at the back of her white skirt as she made her way over to the park office area and the restrooms.

It was a hot day, could it be sweat? I looked elsewhere and no one else had left any kind of wet patch. Looking closer, the patch was not just damp, but showed actual drops in little crevices on the stone. The one thing I couldn’t figure out is why anyone would wet themselves sitting there on the bench with perfectly good restrooms not more than a hundred meters away.

Not that I’m complaining, mind you… :D

