School trip with Jeanette

Author: Lukhas

*000*2014-09-07 16:56

This story is from year 5 in my school. This day was planed trip to one concert hall and to the National gallery. Both two building was in city center, so we must take suburban train to the city.

First two lessons was teaching as usually, after short break and after break all years 5 went to the train station.

Trip was very good with good weather and after about 4 hours we were ready to go back to the central station. Before we left National gallery building, our teacher invited us to go to the bathroom and care if we had all things. We checked our things, one boy had forgot his cap in locker room, so he picked it up. There was nobody who wanted to go to the bathroom- we used it after inspection of concert hall.

This was problem for Jeanette. She was too shy to show that she needed to go and too shy to see "I need to go". If anybody else did not need to go so she did not want to say anything. The vision that all classroom waited only for her was totally uacceptable.

Walking to the train station took 20 min almost 15 min took waiting for the train. I noticed that Jeanette squirmed with her hand in her crotch but not so much often. She weared white skirt and white nylon stockings.

The suburban train at that time was not equipped with WC. Yes, now there is WC in all suburban trains, but not at that time.

She did not want to take a seat although there was more free seats. Instead of she was standing beside the doors to the train.

I and classmate Yvonne wanted to go out from train between first travellers, so we took place beside Jeanette near by train doors.

Suddenly Yvonne discovered some few drops between Jeanettes legs and asked:

- did you spill your drink Jeanette?

- no... I .... I peed myself and Jeanette started to cry.

Yvonne run to the teacher and said that Jeanette peed in her clothes. The teacher came over Jeanette and asked:

- why did you say anything? You must be in your wet clothes now, do you have some clothes in your locker room at school?

But Jeanette only cried.

When we was out of the train and went to the school we all could see her peed nylon stockings. She kept her head down.

She spent rest of the day in her gym clothes after we got possibility to change.

*002*2014-09-07 17:22

It was same for me too. I hated school trips because I was nervous if we got possible to go to the bathroom. But at the same time I was too shy to ask me self, so I waited if teacher said to us: use restrooms or something similar.

I sympathised with her too, I did not laugh to her. I could know how she could feel because one year before I did it in my jeans behind my desk at classroom.

