Indian Train Desperation Experience

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-04-24 12:12

Hey Everyone :) So, this actually happened just a while back, and it was so perfect, I felt I had to share it, hope you enjoy.

###

The incident took place on a train journey from Cochin to Hyderabad. I was accompanied by my school friend Neha and my new girlfriend Sakshi (Shruthi and I broke have broke up recently, after gradually drifting apart).

The journey was about 18 hours by train. In fact; when I asked Sakshi about booking the tickets, she seemed really hesitant to take the train. Upon asking she cited the uncleanliness of the bathrooms and the fact that she had never used a train bathroom in her life. I found the second statement quite hard to believe, so I jokingly asked her about it. She maintained her story and insisted that though she'd been on plenty of trains in her life, she had never once set foot in the bathroom. Anyway, eventually she agreed and the tickets were booked.

The train was scheduled to leave at 6 in the morning.By 5, Sakshi and I were waiting on the platform, sipping some tea. We finished and I rose to get another. I turned to Sakshi and asked her but she shook her head with a smile and said,

"The train..remember.."

I nodded and fetched myself another tea. By 5:50 Neha entered the station, just before the train arrived. She greeted us and we all hopped inside the train, found our designated berths and settled in for the long ride.

I couldn't help but notice an extremely uncomfortable look on Neha's face, throughout the first few hours of the train ride. In addition to this, Neha kept pulling Sakshi aside and whispering about something, before leaving the compartment. After the 4th time this happened, I waited for Neha to leave the compartment, then turned to Sakshi and asked what happened.

"Oh, nothing really, she's just feeling a little under the weather..."

"Really, that all?", I replied.

Sakshi, whom I still haven't told about my fetishes, turned to me and whispered again, rather irritably,

"She's eaten something bad; she was borrowing toilet paper."

The unexpectedly detailed response threw me off guard for a moment. I nodded solemnly and apologized for asking, leaning back into my seat.

Sure enough, 10 minutes later, Neha returned, looking really awful. I told her she should get rest. She agreed and lay down on her cot and went to sleep, leaving me sitting with Sakshi.

4 hours went by as we talked listened to music, and even made out for a bit. Despite her initial aversion to drinking anything, I noticed that over the last few hours she had been drinking, quite a lot, probably as a result of the sweltering heat. After another hour, I began to notice her salwa clad ass squirming slightly as I rested my hands on it as we kissed. This was one of the best make out sessions of my LIFE, knowing just how desperate Sakshi must be and simultaneously, her reluctance to tell me or go to the bathroom.

Despite these signs of desperation, Sakshi said nothing about it until the train suddenly halted. She, with me, lurched forward, but as soon as we were back to normal, a hand shot between her legs. Unintentionally, my eye followed her hand and by the time I noticed and turned to look away, she had noticed me.

"Neha, how bad were the train toilets," Sakshi asked.

Neha just looked up from her book and with a frown, gave a slow shake of the head.

"Fuck..." I heard Sakshi mutter from under her breath.

"Is everything okay?", I nervously asked her.

"Yeah..... Well no, I... I really have to use the bathroom...", She said softly.

"Oh..", I responded, and put an arm around her shoulder, "Don't worry, you can wait, I'm sure", I said, though I doubted that myself.

Sure enough as time went by, her need only seemed to worsen. She would freeze up suddenly and hold her self and try to distract me by pointing elsewhere. I began to feel a strange familiar feeling in my stomach, I hoped that I was mistaken but alas, I was right: I had to take a shit.

I tried to stay perfectly still, legs pressed tightly together, but the need didn't subside. I didn't tell Sakshi anything, as we continued to make out, until suddenly a wave hit me and I had to sit straight upright, Sakshi looked at me and asked me if I was okay,

"Not really, I'm not actually er.. feeling too well.." I replied.

"Oh, what's wrong? Do you have a headache?", Sakshi asked, now rocking back and forth.

"Um no.. I'm actually like, 'Neha' not feeling well...", I trailed off, embarrassed; for some reason that seemed like the best way to put it at the time.

"Oh...", said Sakshi, instantly getting it.

We talked lightly for another half an hour, as both our needs got more severe. Suddenly, Sakshi asked me,

"Do you umm... do you think you'll make it?"

I was taken aback. I had only been dating Sakshi for a week, I was surprised that she was this open.

"Yea, I think so....", I trailed off, "What about you...", I asked a now sweating Sakshi, grinding her crotch into the fabric of the seat.

"Um.. I'm not actually so sure, it's really bad, I think.."

Suddenly the train lurched and Sakshi gasped a bit too loud, causing Neha to spin and look at her,

"I think I'll just go...", she continued, as she hastily got up, and waddled out of the cabin.

Another wave of desperation hit me, nearly breaking through my defenses. Knowing I couldn't wait either, I got up and headed to the bathroom, only to be met in the aisle way by a visibly distraught Sakshi.

"The toilets are out right now, they're being cleaned or something...", She mumbled.

"No," I almost shouted. I was turned on no doubt by Sakshi's desperation, but even more anxious of my own need. I sidled behind her, back to the bathroom door, where I patiently waited behind her, observing her trembling ass, for the toilet.

I noticed a slowly growing patch on the back of Sakshi's salwa. Suddenly a wave for which I was unprepared hit me, breaking through my defenses.

"Sakshi", I gasped, "Can I please go first, its.....its...", I was interrupted by Sakshi's voice,

"Sure it's fine....", she said, with an incredulously strained voice, then gasped suddenly, doubling over and squishing both her hands between her thighs.

I noticed the patch grow slightly.

"Hey, are you O..", I stopped as the toilet door opened and I bolted inside, slammed the door, and squatted.

The toilet, like all other Indian train toilets, looked like:

Within a minute, a banging on the toilet door reached my ears; on what seemed like the verge of tears, Sakshi said softly,

"Please..... Please hurry, I can't...just can't", she broke down.

"Just open the door, OPEN the door", she began to shout.

My task about half completed, I just barely managed to clench my sphincter muscled tightly and stop the process. I wiped and stood up, only then did I notice the abnormally large and disgusting pile I had left in the squat basin. I frantically pressed the flush but to no avail. The only other source of water was the tap. I tried to fill the scoop in the corner of the bathroom with the trickling tap but it seemed as if it would take ages.

"Sakshi I....I can't.....uh, I can't flush the toilet," I said red-faced and softly,

"Can you hold on just a minute.."

The gaps between the banging on the door grew longer and longer till suddenly I heard Sakshi's voice,

"I...I lost it.....I.. I'm going....right now....c..can't stop..." Sakshi whimpered. It was something to do with the way she said it; she wasn't panicked or worried or excited, the way that she said it was resigned and rather informative.

I flung open the door, and stood, if only for a second, face to face, with a full-on wetting Sakshi. Her tightly crossed Indian clad legs were dripping slowly with liquid.

The patch from her crotch had become a puddle. She dashed past me, into the stall, and slammed the door.

Immediately, I could hear the frantic patter of pent up urine on the thin steel floor,as she tore off her pants. This loud splatter changed after a few seconds to the gentle yet immensely powerful hiss of her piss hitting the porcelain bowl.

I looked down at the puddle in which I was standing. It was quite large, both my shoes were in it, and it had a faint yellow tinge.

30 seconds later, and Sakshi was still emptying herself with violent force. After another 30 seconds or so, the stream subsided and gradually halted. A minute later, Sakshi opened the door, smiled at me, gave me a gentle kiss on the lips, and walked back to the berths. I went inside the stall to survey the damage.

It was everywhere, literally everywhere, the entire floor of the small steel toilet stall was covered in small drops and pools of light yellow liquid. I looked at the toilet bowl and was surprised that there was nothing in the basin any more. I looked at the sink and saw the same scoop still sitting there, still slowly gathering liquid drop by drop.

As a result I deduced that Sakshi hadn't flushed the toilet before or after she had used it, the jet of her piss had been strong enough to push what was left of my task into the drain. For some reason I was quite turned on by this fact. I continued to survey the stall and a flash of bright pink caught my eye, tucked behind the toilet pipe. I reached for it and gingerly, drew out a pair of soaked pink panties, Sakshi's panties, I recognized them from when we were making out before. They were still warm, almost hot, with urine.

This added catalyst proved too much for me to handle. I frantically yanked down my jeans and, standing over the toilet basin, Sakshi's soaked smelling panties in one hand and my unbelievably hard dick in the other, and rubbed for just under a minute before shooting my load into the toilet basin.

Gently gasping, I adjusted my pants, putting them back on, and inspected the panties.

They were soaked almost everywhere, with the exception of a few areas near the waist band, and there was a small brown patch, not a full accident, but certainly enough to smell, in the back. Is that (partial loss of sphincter control while desperate to pee) a common occurrence with women, or would that mean that Sakshi was struggling with another need as well??

Please let me know in the comments and thanks you for reading this :P

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

This story was actually written some time back but I had forgotten to put it on the site :P Within the next two days I will most likely be writing another story on one of the following experiences, please let me know, which you would like in the comments:

- One experience, from quite some time back, in which me and my ex had drunk sex, while both quite desperate

- A long distance drive I went on with my ex-girlfriend's sister once, and ensuing desperation before I picked up my ex

- Wedding desperation, a couple of sightings and an intense bout of desperation by my sister on a wedding

- Finally; if a bit of mess is what you wanted then I've got a story for you! One of the last incidents to happen with Shruthi before we broke up, also happened to be one of the hottest. This involves me,Shruthi, her roommates in the PG, an occupied toilet, and a balcony :P

Please leave your answers in the comments below :) Thanks you

*006*2015-04-27 05:37

I'll be posting the club and the wedding story within a couple of days. The wedding story :

{{ 

What about the wedding story ?

}}

Is the same as the one mentioned above

I'll post those soon and hopefully, when I get time, I'll post the balcony story.

I actually want to write the balcony story soon as it was a really really hot experience,not to mention, as compared to the club and wedding, it's happened a lot more recently.

Anyway, thanks for the comments, please feel free to message me or comment with tips if you have any. Also,and I forgot to include this in the story, I request anyone with any Indian desperation experiences to share. It will be greatly appreciated Thank you

