Bursting on the coast

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-08-09 05:39

As some of you know I moved this past week to a new location. Its been a whole mix of feelings with excitement, fear, anxiousness, hopefullness, etc. Of course moving to a new location I am going to explore the area. I'm now close to the ocean so I decided to drive along the coast.

I left around 11am and just started driving. Prior to leaving I had breakfast and drank a small gatorade. I was wearing my bikini under my casual beach attire clothes. I brought 2 water bottles for the trip and a towel, of course expecting to go to a beach eventually but at the same time I didn't know what was going to happen. There is so much excitement with leaving to drive along the coast with no plans.

After an hour of driving I started feeling the small bottle of gatorade I drank starting to hit me. I also was finishing off one of the water bottles I brought with me. I was caught in traffic on the highway that goes through the towns and I kept looking around for a good place to stop. But I didn't want to. I wanted to enjoy this hold a bit longer.... :)

As I was driving it began to down poor and I was starting to feel like that might happen between my legs as well! I unbuttoned my shorts as I was at a stoplight since that was adding a great amount of pressure on my bladder. But I wanted to stand up at least!!! The pressure of sitting and having to stay calm and collected to drive well was quite a challenge as I felt the bulge growing firmer and firmer. And I can't help but to press against the bulge or at least poke it as I love to tease my bladder even more! I was just so excited to think that I just might burst there in the car!!!

I turned onto a street toward the beach, not knowing if I would be getting to public beach access as I have no idea what its like out there.....I turned onto a second street and oh sweet victory there were small lots in between the beach houses for the general public to park in!!!

Once I parked the rain had come to a stop. There were people just hanging out by their cars at that small lot so I knew I wasn't going to be able to just pee next to my car where they'd see me. I took my shorts off while still in the car and got out with just my towel and car key. The pain of everything shifting and pressing against my bladder was hitting me! But I was on a mission as I was determined to get onto that beach to burst!!!

What I was hoping was that I could stand and pee with nobody around but the beach was a bit busier than I hoped. So I shook the towel out (very quickly as I was doing a pee pee dance!!!) and lay it out (painfully as I had to bend down just crushing against my full, bursting bladder that was beginning to leak!!!!). I sat down at the end of the towel to pee on the sand through my bikini and let those golden gates open! The relief was amazing! It was such a fun experience to have at this beach that I had never been to before! I was in the middle of all these people and peeing right there in front of them! Yet they don't even know :) I absolutely loved it. When I first got onto the beach I felt so bloated and fat but after I peed I felt 10 times skinnier!

As I peed I realized though that I was no peeing on the sand though. It was going through my towel. But it was all okay since I was so hydrated that it didn't smell like pee at all. Just like water haha ;D

So yea.....just wanted to share my first desperation experience I've had in my new location!

*005*2014-08-09 23:57

Thanks everyone!! i feel like my writing on this last one was a bit slopy since I'm all over the place with everything right now hahah. I probably could have held a bit longer. I was just getting anxious and just wanted the release!!!!

Thanks everyone for reading. It was so much fun!

....and the funny, yet I feel sooooo bad about, is that I think my boyfriend took the towel I peed on with him to his family vacation and it has NOT been washed!!!! He has no idea that this happened....... Opppsssss.......oh well I'm feeling resentful about not being invited on the trip haha!

*008*2014-08-12 15:32

To think about it I remember my boyfriend and I went to the beach last year during the summer and as we were about to leave I wanted to see how he would react to the talk of needing to pee. So I went up to him and whispered in his ear "hey....i need to pee...do you think its okay to pee in the water." he was taked off guard and said "uhhh yea of course. Why are you asking me?" I just wanted to see how he responded.....lol

