Third Times the Charm

Author: Ashleycub

*000*2014-08-13 05:59

Story 3!!

So today I invited my best friend Alexis to come to the pool with me just to get some tanning done cause I'm really, really, really, pale.. (Pale, skinny, blonde, UGH!). So she was able to go and so we planned on meeting at my place as I'm the only one with a car and she's a only a few blocks down.

"She was supposed to arrive 30 minutes ago!!" I groaned and plopped myself onto the couch already wearing my new sexy blue bikini. I looked at the turned off tv bored as hell an then looked at my bikini bottoms.. I sat there for maybe 30 seconds debating if I should pee in them or not..

"Fuck it." I said out loud and opened up the back door and went onto the deck and sat on the railing letting my legs hang around 6 feet over the yard. I took one glance around to make sure nobody was outside and smiled with excitement. I relaxed my body and tried to pee. Nothing. I sighed, flipped my hair over my shoulder, and pulled my bikini bottoms up by the top revealing the outline of my pussy. I stared up at the blue sky and pressed against my abdomen with the palms of my hands and felt the pee coming.

Excited, I spread my legs wider and forced the pee to come. It dribbled out of the bathing suit and fell down to the ground making a satisfying trickling noise and then forced my pee out harder watching it shoot forward about a foot in distance. I giggled naughtily to myself when I was empty and pulled my legs over the railing when I heard a familiar voice, "knock knock". Still on the railing with a soaking bikini bottom, Alexis stood with a towel and a very a rousing pink bikini on.

"Hi!" I piped up not feeling any shame in the state she just found me in.

"You've been busy I see." She nodded at my soaked bottoms.

I giggled and slipped my hands into my bottoms and gave myself a little rub "It's a good way to pass the time" I winked.

She walked over and felt my bikini bottoms "Wow" she gasped "your pussy never fails to impress me.."

I lick my lips and push her hand away playfully and say "C'mon, let's go to the pool, we can pick up some Starbucks on the way there"

We arrive at the pool ready to give some colour to our skin with Starbucks and everything. We find a spot with an umbrella should we need to open it and set our towels on the chairs. I lay down belly up first wearing a pair of aviators my ex boyfriend got me a while back. Alexis was the first one to start a conversation.

"So... Have you wet yourself at all since... Since... You know..." She blushed

"Yeah" I took a sip of my Starbucks "Once. My mom almost caught me"

She laughed as I told her the story which took about an hour to tell in full detail and then I switched onto my belly and pulled my phone out.

She opened up her pool bag and got out a book which I couldn't see the cover in time to actually tell what she was reading. I finally decided to speak up.

"Alexis...?"

"Hmm?"

"Uhh.. So the other day.. When you introduced me to lesbian things.." She stared at me. I sighed "Do you think we could try it again?" I blurted out.

She grinned "Yeah.. I've really always wanted to try that with you but I respected that you're straight.. WERE straight.."

"Bi now" I corrected. "I've just lost hope with guys.. They give such great pleasure sometimes but they're just-"

"Honey, I know what you're talking about more than you know." She interrupted.

I went back to reading fanfiction on my phone as she ended the little conversation by looking back at her book.

Alexis suddenly gets up and puts her flip flops on. I look up "Where ya going?"

Alexis blushes "I gotta pee.."

I spring up from my chair faster than I think anyone could and link arms with her as we walk towards the bathroom "Allow me to join you" I say in my most classy voice possible. We both laughed.

We enter the bathroom and she begins to open a stall door and I grab her by the arm and fling her across the bathroom and shove her into a shower stall instead.

"Oh no you don't" I smile mischievously. I sit on the stool and make her sit towards me on my lap and look up at her begging her to pee with only my eyes. She leans forward and kisses me and I hear the infamous faint hiss of pee as she releases pee into her bikini. I moan as I feel the pee tickle on my legs and remove her bikini top revealing her tits. I begin licking them like I did last time and move one of my hands to her pussy where pee was still erupting from. I pressed my hand onto her crotch and felt the pee forcefully soak my hand. Aroused, and still licking her tits, I used my hands to pull her bikini bottoms down and began fingering her. 

She sighed in pleasure giving me a morale boost by making me feel like I'm playing the part of "lesbian lover" well. She tries to take off my bottoms but I just hit her hand away and say "nope" through my lips which were preoccupied with her breasts. She braced herself against the wall warning me of an upcoming orgasm and I get up still fingering her but press my lips to hers as she came, she yelled a little bit but nothing too loud as I had begun kissing her just in time. I turn on the water and rub her clean and she puts her bikini on and kisses me.

"Thank you" she whispered into my ear as she slipped her hand into my bottoms and began fingering me. I brace myself against her body with my leg wrapped around hers and begin wetting on her hand as she fingered me. I felt my orgasm coming and I told her through gritted teeth that I was coming, she quickly placed her hand over my mouth and fingered me hard until I came. We exited the shower stall knowing we barely made any noise so we had nothing to worry about.

We finish tanning and we drive back home. I stop in front of her house and she leans in and kisses me passionately on the lips moving her hand to my breasts where she squeezed each one a few times as we made out. When we finally pulled apart she reached into my bottoms and stuck her finger into my pussy and said "couple"? I reached my hand into her bottoms and stuck my finger into her pussy and repeated "couple." We kissed one last time and she got out and disappeared into her house.

I sat at the wheel for a few seconds now realizing that I'm now dating a lesbian and grinned to myself. "Life seems pretty good right now" I thought to myself as I drove home with a smile on my face.

So that's story three! Enjoy!

*002*2014-08-13 07:25

Yeah it was ^.^ especially the needing to keep quiet so that nobody heard us :)

*005*2014-08-13 14:37

Thanks for respecting my choice :)

*009*2014-08-14 03:15

Tbh I'm already enjoying this more than any other guy except one.. Lol

*012*2014-08-14 06:16

Thanks for reading and supporting Enigma!! :)

*015*2014-08-18 01:23

Pale, blonde hair down to just above my hips... Yeah that's basically it lol

And the fact that you're even a little jealous makes me feel appreciated and wanted and I can't thank you enough for it :D

*017*2014-08-18 03:24

Thanks! :)

