My poor bladder

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-29 20:55

Hey guys, just a short one. I've had a really stressful day so I've just been hanging out this evening on my favourite site chatting to some of you lovely people!

My housemate just came in my room and said "Hey, weren't you going to have a shower"

This meant I had to reluctantly tear myself away from my laptop and get in the shower before it became too late to dry my hair before bed.

I was having a relaxing evening, I'd been giving my bladder a break. I was probably a 1 or 2/10 when I decided to get up to shower.

I walked into my bathroom and stripped, when I felt that all too familiar tug from my bladder. I shrugged and chose to do my normal plan of attempting to hold whilst showering. As I opened the shower doors that urge quickly became a 9/10 and I was hopping about trying not to pee.

I closed the sliding doors, and Put on the water to warm up. Yes I'm one of those idiots that always forgets to warm the water up before getting in it. Anyway, as I was standing there with my legs crossed trying not to pee I felt my bladder give in. I tried to stop it but I was peeing full force. I'm normally a spurter no matter what. I literally was trying everything and could not stop peeing. I stood with my legs apart to watch and my pee shot out of me in an arc into the wall, much like a cartoon of a guy going against a wall. I just watched in bemusement and finished up my shower.

It was entertaining and I'm hoping it's just the shower, but I'm a little worried at how my bladder couldn't hold it very long, and also at how I didn't feel the need until it was almost too late!!

What have I done eh?

R x

*002*2015-09-29 21:26

{{: 

If you're like me, being on the computer distracts me enough to forget about my bladder completely, i'll then go up to get some food or whatnot, and nearly piss myself. Only happens when im concentrating on my screen, never else, i'd imagine that's what happened.

But i also love to shower with a full bladder, so that sounds like a pleasant surprise :)

}}

Hey Arcane,

Yeah I'd have thought so too, if I wasn't reading on here, that normally makes my bladder worse lol! And I love a good shower hold too, real easy clean-up if things go awry!

*005*2015-09-30 11:21

{{: 

Finally catching up with some of the stories posted in the last few days - thanks for sharing this one. I spy the potential for some more stories, of unplanned experiences, in the near future!!

I'd agree with the suggestion that distraction may have played a part in hiding the need initially, but it's still quite something to go from virtually nothing to an uncontrollable explosion within minutes!

}}

Haha, thank you for being a diligent follower, no problem I love sharing any chance of omo I get :P And hopefully we won't have too many embarrassing occurences, although I know that if they do happen, I will probably be embarrassed until I get home then post about it on here!

Yeah, no signs at all, and like I said I normally leak/spurt a little first :/

Ah well

*007*2015-09-30 18:14

{{: 

I fully empathize with this story.

I usually need to pee when I am on this site,but holding it in while I read /post adds to my enjoyment. When I get up from my computer the fullness of my bladder really hits me. I love the challenge of trying to hold it through my shower. Sometimes I make it but more often I start leaking a bit when the warm water hits me. Usually I can regain control after a few spurts, and as I finish showering I let go. Other times however, I can't stop peeing until I lost over half of my bladder's contents. How full I am to begin with does not necessarily determine the outcome.

}}

Glad I'm not the only one lol! Although I always spurt so it took me by surprise to basically fully pee myself!

*009*2015-10-03 13:20

{{: 

Like sex, urinating has a large neurological component. Urges can be intense and then dissipate, only to return with more force later. I enjoy spraying my crotch in the shower. If I do it just right, I pee involuntarily. When it starts, I fight it for a little while, and then just relax and let it flow.

}}

I love the fight! totally understand you there

