How I discovered my fetish

Author: Dash12

*000*2014-04-09 23:41

Hi! This is my first post on this forum as I only found this forum a couple days ago – So if this post looks kind of erratic to you it's because I have absolutely no clue what i'm doing!

Anyway, I'm going to start with a prologue as this situation is pretty much the the pinnacle of bad chains of events – This was my first experience with Omorashi and when I found out I actually am really turned on by it, and this happened approximately 1 year ago.

It was the day of a school dance and i'd asked my crush if he'd like to come to the dance with me, to my suprise (I'd never really had full conversations with him as i'm quite shy and often have tendancies to talk endlessly about things which people have no interest in!) he said yes! My friend and I had taken the day off school as we're both indecisive at best so we'd have the longest amount of allocated time possible – Nothing could go wrong, or so I thought.

So my dad, my friend and myself were out running a couple errands in the spare time before school was out and my dad was going to pick up our dates and drive us to the venue for the dance. My friend and I were staying in the car while my dad was picking a hard drive up from a collegue with some pre-rendered footage of their latest short film.

Now I should tell you why I can't just get out of the car I was in to prevent this accident – My dad is British and owns 2 cars – One which he normally uses for this type of thing, which was being serviced at the time and a 1954 Hillman Minx which a friend in the UK had gifted to him and he'd imported into the US. It's also the first car i'd driven and is my current car until I can actually afford to buy a car which he approves of (He's knows a lot more about cars than I do so I figure i'll just leave this stuff to him). 

Naturally cars of this age don't have centeral locking, so the all the doors were locked while he was going to be away for between 20 to 30 minutes, and the locking levers for all the doors on the interior had been taken off while they were being polished, and the windows are quite small. It is also THE BEST to turn up to any dance in style in, (now quoting my dad at this point) "It has a certain.. Look, elegance, which just can't be ignored and can be admired by anyone."

So anyway, Me and my friend were in our outfits ready for the dance, my friend wearing a knee length dark blue dress and myself wearing an all- white dress which ends about 3 inches above the knee. Now, unfortunately, I have a weak bladder and hadn't been since 10 AM and I'd been drinking more-than-average for most of the day. When we were just pulling up i'd had the urge of about 2/10 to go – I thought I could wait until we got to the school and sneak in to use the school bathroom just before school was out. So me and my friend, who i'm going to call Kayla for privacy, were idly chatting about things, such as upcoming video games (We're both gamers so we often end up talking about this). And things were pretty much normal, I'd just crossed my legs at this point and was just hoping I wouldn't regret drinking so much earlier. And things went well – for about 15 minutes.

At this point my urge had grown to a 6/10 so I knew things were rapidly changing for the worse and I was fidgeting like crazy at this point but didn't want to jam my hand into my crotch at this point as I (stupidly) thought it wouldn't get any worse. So another 5 minutes pass - No sign of my dad at this point. I am now at a 7/10 and it feels like my dam could give way at any moment. 

I suddenly blurt out to Kayla "Oh my god i need to pee so bad right now and i'm stuck in here", to which she giggles and replies "Well you certainly weren't descreet about it, I can tell the potty dance from miles off!". I give no reply but the pained look on my face says it all. At this point my conciousness has gone to a point where most of the conversation we were having made no sense. My whole mind was focused on simply maintaining the flood gates so they wouldn't just burst open and soil my dress. I jammed my hand into my crotch to make it easier for my self and could redirect some of my mind to maintaining conversation which actually makes sense to me.

My dad arrives about 3 minutes later, at which point we're running late so I can't just get out and pee in his friend's apartment. We quickly exchange glances and he knows exactly what's going down. He quickly starts the car and we're on our way. At this point the movement of the car was only making my situation even worse and my desperation had risen to a 9/10. At this point my bladder is actually so full it's pressing on my stomach, making me feel sick – Which didn't help.

Now where I live in California the weather is often prone to changing rapidly. It had previously been sunny, however with some ominous cloud cover. We had only been driving for about a minute and it had just begun to rain, and in my mind I am now thinking of ways to relieve myself without soiling my dress... Which was a mistake. When we had to stop at the lights the sudden movement just exceeded my remaining resistance, causing a huge spurt of pee to come straight out of me despite my best efforts. At this point I knew the game was up: I could only minimize the damage, not prevent it. Then another spurt. And another. I was crying at this point and was trying my best to stop the flow – And another spurt. At this point, the wet patch on my dress had become visible from where i'd been clamping my peehole closed.

My friend Kayla had a clear OMG face and was looking for anything around which I could pee into. She quickly asked my dad if he had a bottle or something – And he knew. He got his bottle of water, opened the window and poured it out then handed it to Kayla, who handed it to me as I pushed my panties aside and slid forward on the seat trying to direct my flow into the bottle, which after a few attempts and lots of moaning at this point trying to minimize the collateral damage, I finally got the bottle into the right position and I just opened the taps from there. I felt like nothing i'd ever felt before – The overwhelming pleasure of release and my ever-increasing body temperature as I was becoming more aroused.

About 30 seconds in and 3/4 of the bottle full, and the flow still as strong as ever my dad, being the ever most funny (Much sarcasm) came out with the remark "Holy crap, it's like Hoover Dam, If it wasn't in the middle of a fucking desert!", to which Kayla laughs and I just give a pained look towards the drivers seat (Or bench, as the car has "Bench seats"). Another 10 seconds, the bottle is full, and I have to strain so much to stop the flow for long enough for me to open the window, pour out the contents of the bottle. 

And then I spurted and I had to put the now 1/4 full bottle back in position before the ocean filling my bladder would force its way out. I think at this point Kayla now fully understands how I was feeling in the final moments before the "dam" gave way. I maneuvered myself into a position where my pussy couldn't be seen by Kayla and, now feeling REALLY hot and aroused, I start rubbing my pussy. I felt like a goddess. I could literally feel no better having an orgasm while torrents of pee were just filling this bottle. I emptied the bottle again, however this time I was unable to stop the flow – just get it down to a trickle.

Another 1/2 a bottle later, I was empty. It was at this point I could feel my warm panties and my warm butt – It was bad. I removed all of my hands from my crotch, and I had a wet patch on my dress about 5 inches wide on the front, and I could feel it was a lot worse on the back. It suddenly hit me. I'd look terrible if I couldn't dry the dress quick enough before school was out, so I had to quickly climb into the front seat and put my crotch up to one of the vent outlets and hope it would be enough. I had some purfume, so the smell wasn't a concern and only drying the dress was. I turned the heater onto full, and hot air just blasted onto my crotch and I orgasmed again. My dad at this point was just plain laughing as the pose i'd put myself in must have just been the tip of the iceberg for him.

We soon pulled up to the school, and I held myself in that pose until I saw people coming out of the school, to which I sat normally for a moment to think of what to do next. The wet patch had now almost completely gone, and you wouldn't be able to tell at first glance. I quickly sprayed some purfume over myself and my pussy and got out of the car once the doors were unlocked. Kayla was giving me a few odd looks but she just found the whole situation a laugh, and that i'd been so dumb to let myself be in that position - To which I agreed, but mentally making plans as to how I can do this more often, but by myself at moments where it wouldn't be a complete disaster.

END. The night went smoothly and my crush and I went home happy. Unfortunately, the next morning, Saturday, I had to clean my pee out of the car. I decided not to use the bathroom that day and I had the most amazing time in the shower releasing my pee and rubbing my throbbing pussy to orgasm multiple times - BEST. DAY. EVER.

Tell me what you think – I probably made this too long with some parts talking about things which may not be entirely relavant!

*007*2014-04-10 14:58

Thank you for your kind feedback guys!

In all honesty, I felt really nervous posting this online. As I mentioned, I'm usually quite shy and keep quiet about most personal things, such as this – But posting on this forum came as a huge relief, knowing I'm not alone. I literally thought I was part of a group which only had about 10 members across the whole Earth and felt like a complete freak for enjoying it – Though this didn't stop me, it's something I've always had at the back of my mind. Now I know that i'm not part of a lone group of few members but a thriving community I feel a LOT more relaxed to be writing about this stuff now. I'm currently re-reading my diary for any other experiences I've had early on, and to see if I can write anything about them which makes any kind of sense to me (I write in the 3rd person in my mind then convert it to 1st person when typing, as it helps explain the finer details but not detract from the experience)

I probably won't post any new experiences for a few days while I collect the best early experiences of this, then moving on to the more recent exploration.

Anyway, thanks for the support guys, I'll be trying my best to write about another one of my experiences in the coming days!

