My catalogue of childhood accidents

Author: wetvic

*000*2015-06-18 21:10

I've been into wetting since I was about 8/9, and really developed an interest during my teenage years with the advent of the internet. Will share some of my deliberate wetting stories, and how I explored my interest in a separate post, but thought I'd pop a quick post up of my real accidents between the ages of about 4 and 10/11. I've never had a real accident since then, but have had plenty of enjoyable experiences.

Ok, here goes...

First I remember was when I was 4, and it was the school holidays (my first school holidays I think). I was staying with my grandparents and my nan was taking me out shopping with her. I remember her telling me to go for a wee before we left to catch the bus, however I didn't need to go then so told her so. I'm sure you can see where this is leading, 1/2 hour later we were in a shop in town when I suddenly felt quite desperate and told my nan I had to go badly. Of course she told me that I should have gone, and would have to wait a moment whilst she paid for her shopping and then we could go to the toilets across the road. Of course, within a matter of seconds I felt that familiar warm feeling in the crotch of my briefs and proceeded to wet my pants and leave a puddle on the floor, very upset that I had embarrassed myself and disappointed my nan.

After this I don't think I had any accidents for a while, as the next I remember I was about 6 and it was my first ever school accident. Our class teacher was off ill so we were sitting with another class, at the side of their room with their teacher that I didn't know very well. We were getting on with some worksheets when I felt the need to poo, so I asked the teacher who allowed me to go. I went to the toilet and sat there for a few minutes, but nothing came so I decided I had to go back to class. 

Only 10 mins or so later I felt that need again so again I asked, but this time my teacher said no so I went back to my seat. Only a short while later I lost the battle and left a fairly large poo slip out into my briefs - it did smell a little and I remember one of my friends making a comment about something had died! I then had to face the mortification of going to my teacher and muttering those dreaded words "I've had an accident". I remember her taking me out of the room and giving me a spare pair of blue briefs to change into and then me having to go home and hand my mum the messy ones bundled up in paper towels and tell her, though my tears of shame, that I'm pooed myself at school.

Next up was a year or so later, as we had just moved house. This time I woke one morning to that horrible cold, wet feeling and new that I had wet the bed. So far as I can remember this is the first time it had happened since I had been trained and I was at a sufficient age to be really embarrassed by it, so I didn't tell my mum. I remember hanging my wet PJ bottoms over the storage heater at the end of my room and then slipping them into the wash basket. My mum did comment when she was putting them in the wash (I guess they were still damp), she asked me whether I'd had an accident and I said no. A week or so later she was changing my bed whilst I was in the bath and came in holding the stained sheet asking again about an accident and I couldn't really deny it now so just said yes and she said I should have told her instead of trying to hide it.

Oddly for me the next was a bedwetting too, and was about a year later. I was spending the school holidays with my dad, staying in his 1 bedroom flat. Because of the short space I was sleeping in his bed and he was on the sofa. One night I'd gone to bed and had then got up a couple of times (just messing, as you do) so he shouted at me about staying in bed. Sods law, as I was lying in bed I felt a tingling that I needed to wee, but didn't want to make him angry by getting up again so I tried to ignore it.

I must have drifted off to sleep, as the next thing I remember it was about 3am and I woke up in the middle of weeing in the bed! The damage was done, and I don't know whether I could have stopped if I'd tried so I just finished off and then got out of bed and ran to the bathroom. Here I took my wet briefs off (this is all I was sleeping in) and put a dry pair on...not sure why as I got back into the wet bed. I took a towel from the bathroom and used it to try and dry the bed, before taking it back to the bathroom and leaving it there with my wet undies. By some miracle I got away with it, as my dad didn't even notice the wet pants in the bathroom nor the wet bed and both had dried by the time I went home.

The same week as the bedwetting, above, I also managed to soak my pants in public for the first time since I was 4. I was weeing quite a lot that week, think I was drinking a lot more than I did at home and my dad had commented on how I was always needing the toilet. One night, after we'd eaten tea we were out walking to one of his friends for him to get some money when I started to need a wee, but I didn't say anything. We got to his friends where he conducted his business and I drank a glass of juice (oops!) before setting off for the walk home. I had been too self conscious to ask to use his friends toilet.

Part way home I started doing the telltale weewee dance, in itself an embarrassment for an 9 year old but my dad didn't pick up on it and naturally by this stage I was too mortified to say anything as I felt an accident was imminent. I was right, and only a couple of minutes later I started to go in my pants (red briefs, black tracksuit bottoms) at this stage I felt I needed to say something to my dad but was too ashamed so I just tapped his hand and pointed at my crotch. As my bottoms were black they didn't appear wet (even though I was part way though wetting them) so he just thought I needed to wee again and made some comment about us being nearly home so I could go then. By then it was too late, but at least I was spared the shame of him knowing that his 9 year old son had just wet himself in public without even asking to use a toilet! Once again I got away with it by hiding my clothes when I got undressed that night.

The last real accident that I remember having was even more embarrassing that the rest put together, as it happened just over a year later when I was 10 years old!! To make matters worse, it was also another school accident! It was lunchtime at school and I don't think I had used the toilet in school that day. I was queuing up outside the canteen with the rest of my class when I started to feel the need for a wee. I did contemplate asking one of the dinner ladies to let me run to the toilets quickly, but then I thought that we were the last class to go in so there wasn't much time left before they stopped serving food.

I didn't want to miss my dinner, so I decided that I was 10 years old and more than old enough to hold it until I'd at least got my food - I mean, who's ever heard of a 10 year old wetting himself like a little baby? The queue was quite long, probably about 30 kids, and by the time I got to the final section I was jigging about from one foot to the other and grabbing my crotch every few seconds. I knew that I really had to go soon to prevent MAJOR embarrassment, but it was now my turn to go through to the serving hatches so I couldn't go anywhere. To my immense shame I stood there, grabbing myself through my grey school trousers as my bladder betrayed me and emptied itself. I was in shock that such a thing had happened, and just went through to get my dinner as normal. I took my tray and put it on a table before going to speak to one of the dinner...

Ever have I been as embarrassed as when I had to tell her that I (one of the oldest in the school) had "had and accident" and weed in my pants. She did look disappointed, but told me to sit and each my lunch and then go back to her. After I'd picked at my food, I went with her to the spare clothing cupboard where she found the only garment that would fit me (as they were more prepared for accidents in 4 year olds than 10 year olds!) a pair of grey school shorts. I would have been embarrassed to wear these at the best of times, as we all regarded them as something the little kids wore, but that's all there was.

I went into the boys toilets to change whilst the dinner lady waited outside. It was only after I'd taken my wet trousers off that I realised I didn't have any dry undies to put on, so in my infinite wisdom I left the wet ones on under the dry shorts. My wet trousers were given to me in a carrier bag when I was leaving, and my aunt picked me up from school as I was going to hers for tea. She didn't say anything about the carrier bag, but did comment on the shorts - asking where my trousers were. I just said that I'd sat in some mess so my teacher had given me the shorts to change into. My aunt would obviously have known the truth as soon as she looked in the bag, but thankfully she spared my blushes and didn't say anything to me. It was the most mortifying experience of my life.

Hope you enjoy reliving my embarrassment. :)

