My awesome mother!

Author: Kimiko3

*000*2014-08-21 13:36

In this topic $/22222-a-triple-wetting-from-my-childhood/, I described a time when I, my friend Kana and my mother all wet ourselves while watching X Japan. But actually that wasn't the only time that kind of thing happened. Here are 2 more stories from those times. 1 is wetting and 1 is messing, so if you don't like that I'll warn you and you can skip it.

My mother looked really gorgeous, like I do now but a little less skinny, more curved, with beautiful black hair and brown eyes. My father was a small man with glasses, not handsome really, but he's so lovely. He always looked a little embarrassed to have such a pretty wife when he looked so plain, a bit like John does with me. But he's a wonderful father to me.

Wetting

I was 6, and my mother was 30. We (I, my mother and my father) were on a road trip going on holiday and it was really hot, so we drank a lot of water (you can see where this is going already!) And the traffic was really bad. I was in the back seat, wearing I think a T-shirt, a short skirt and panties, and white trainers and socks (it was really long ago, I can't remember that well sadly, but I know I was wearing a short skirt). My mother was in the front, wearing a collared shirt, a short skirt and panties, and walking boots. I really, really needed to pee, and I knew that I'd soon have an accident if we didn't stop. But then I saw a sign for a rest area by the road.

"Father," I said, "can we stop here please? I'm bursting to pee."

"So am I," said my mother. "If we don't stop here I'll be sitting in a puddle soon."

I thought of my mother wetting herself. At that age it was entirely innocent obviously, but I knew adults weren't supposed to do that.

"Alright, I'll stop," said my father.

I knew relief wasn't far, so I clenched my legs and thought about playing games that didn't involve water. But loads of people had the same idea and it took us a really long time to get to the rest area. Then we couldn't find any parking spaces.

"I'm so sorry," said my father, "I can't see anywhere to park."

"Can't we just stop the car?" I asked.

"No, sorry," he said, "we can't stop everyone else from moving."

"O, I need to pee!" said my mother. "I'm trying to hold it, but if we don't park soon we'll have to clean out the car when we get home."

"Can at least one of you try not to have an accident?" asked my father. "That way I only have to clean up 1 puddle."

"I have an idea," said my mother. "We can just get out and you can drive around and around until we come back."

"That's crazy," he said.

"Well it's either that or 2 very wet seats," said my mother.

"I'll try to hold it," I said, trying to be helpful, but I knew I couldn't.

We drove around a little more, waiting for someone to leave. But nobody did. I heard my mother whimpering in pain from her bladder, and felt really sorry for her. But I was also worried that I'd have an accident, too.

"Please, Father," I said. "We can't hold it anymore."

"Alright, alright," he said, "you ladies can go."

He stopped the car for a few seconds so we could get out. I undid my seat belt and jumped out. I felt a powerful urge overtaking me and barely controlled it by holding myself. My mother was also in obvious pain, her bladder was swollen up like a melon. We walked slowly across the car park until we saw the sign for the ladies' toilet, then felt dread as we saw the long queue for it.

"I can't hold it," I said. "I'll pee myself."

"Try doing a pee dance," said my mother, "it might help."

So mother and daughter both started holding themselves and squirming about. The queue moved so slowly, as ladies' queues do. I kept telling myself I could hold it, and I could. Finally we got to the cubicle, and it opened. My mother looked in total agony, her legs were trembling from the strain and her bladder swelled as big as a watermelon. She was clenching her fists and her beautiful face looked strained from the effort of holding it in. I could hear her whispering "Not long now...just hold out a little longer..." or something similar to herself. I felt so sorry for her.

"You go first," she said, in the voice of someone in total agony.

"Thanks so much, I'll try to be quick," I said, before dashing in, tugging down my panties and jumping on the toilet without even closing the door. The relief felt so good, the pain was all going away. My mother closed the door for me and waited outside, suffering terribly every second. I tried to be done as quick as I could, then washed my hands and skipped out, a very much happier girl. I looked at my mother, still in such terrible pain, and remember seeing something I really wasn't expecting to see.

Her legs were streaked with pee, and her skirt was wet around the hem. As she dashed for the toilet, a cascade of pee shot down her quivering legs and on to the floor. She sat on the toilet without even taking her panties off and peed like a waterfall through them, blushing and giggling as she did. I watched in total shock, as did the hundreds of other people there. She then closed the door and I guess cleaned herself as much as she could. When she came out she was still blushing and giggling. Her boots smelled of pee because some had gone down there, her skirt was wet and she'd taken her panties off and put them in her bag.

"Sorry about that, Kii-chan, I just couldn't quite hold it," she said. "It happens sometimes."

"Even to adults?" I asked.

"Yes, even to adults," she said, "especially ladies. We can't hold it as well as men can, and it's harder for us to go too because we don't have penises."

"If you needed to pee so badly, why did you let me go first?" I asked.

"I knew I'd have an accident," she said, "but I did anyway because you're my daughter and I love you. Isn't that enough?"

"I love you too," I said, and we hugged each other.

We went back to the car, and sure enough my father was still driving around!

"Did you girls make it," he asked, "or do you need to sit on towels?"

"She did," said my mother. "I didn't."

"O, Yui," he said as we got in, "I'm so sorry."

"Why do you have to be sorry?" she said. "It wasn't your bladder that gave in, it was mine. You did all you could to get me to a toilet, I just couldn't quite get there dry. Anyway, accidents happen. Pass a towel, Kii-chan."

I passed her a towel, which she sat on for the rest of the trip.

Messing (skip if you don't like!)

A couple of years later, I was 8 and she was 32, and we both got some kind of virus from eating bad shellfish which gave us diarrhoea. My father, despite eating the same shellfish, was totally fine. It's weird. Anyway, we were walking home from the shop when the urge struck us again. I was wearing a T-shirt, short skirt, panties, socks and trainers like I usually did (and still do today), and she was wearing a long sleeved collared white shirt, short brown skirt, panties and very practical low boots. She never wears any footwear she can't run in. When the urge struck me, I stopped walking and grabbed my bottom, clenching it together.

"I really have to crap," I said.

"So do I," she said. "Let's walk quickly home."

We walked home, clenching our bottoms together. Occasionally I stopped to hold my bottom. I knew that if I farted at all, I'd shart and mess myself.

"Don't stop Kii-chan, it's best to get home quickly," she said, obviously worried that she'd mess herself too.

By the time we got to the door we were both bursting and had 1 hand on our bottoms. My mother's legs were trembling from the strain and I was hopping from foot to foot. The pressure was becoming unbearable. My mother got out her keys to open the door, and dropped them.

"If I bend down to pick them up, a crap volcano will erupt in my panties," she said.

"I'll pick them up for you," I said, "I'm shorter."

I crouched down, straining with all my strength to hold it in, and handed her the keys.

"Thanks, Kii-chan, you might just have saved my panties," she said, smiling. She unlocked the door. The toilet was downstairs, a short sprint from the door.

"Race for the toilet!" she shouted, and ran ahead of me. I tried to catch up, but she got there first. I felt my guts gurgling and knew I'd mess myself if I had to wait for her.

"You go first, Kii-chan, I'm bigger, I can hold it," she said, but her voice betrayed a little doubt that she could.

"Thanks so much," I said, and I dashed in, tugged down my panties and sat on the toilet. An enormous explosion of sludge burst out of me. I sat there, slightly stunned by the force of it.

"Can you hurry up please?" said my mother, clenching her bottom with both hands and obviously about to lose control. "I really have to go."

"Alright, I'll try," I said, wiping myself. "Just hold on a little longer." I was repeating what she'd told me on so many occasions.

Then I heard a quiet farting sound, and it wasn't from me. My mother's face, which had previously been strained in exertion, was now one of shock and embarrassment.

"I am now officially crapping myself," she said, in her typical deadpan way.

Some louder farting sounds followed the quiet one, and a little brown sludge spilled from her panties and stained her legs under her skirt. I finished and got off the toilet, then flushed and started washing my hands. She just stood there, continuing to soil herself. I guess she just didn't see the point of moving. Once she'd finished, she walked over to the toilet, some more sludge squelching down her legs and staining her skirt. The back of her skirt smelt like a sewer. She dropped her panties to her ankles. They were oozing with sludge. She sighed and stepped out of them before dumping the contents in the toilet and starting to wipe herself clean.

"Will you throw those panties away?" I asked.

"No, I'll try to save them," she said. "Obviously I'll have to tell your father, but he'll understand."

"I'm sorry you crapped yourself, Mother," I said.

"You don't need to be," she said. "I really should have been able to hold it at my age. But the pain was unbearable and I thought I could lessen it by just farting a tiny bit. Stupid me."

"You're not stupid," I said. "You're a really clever lady who occasionally has a little accident."

"As are you," she said. "Accidents happen, they don't determine what somebody's like. Our culture is far too focused with such things. Bladder and bowels are needs like any other, and if we don't relieve them then they relieve themselves, regardless of panties or skirts in the way."

I remember thinking even then how wonderfully calm she was in such humiliating situations. Maybe these experiences helped to shape my omorashi fetish, because she told me that it was fine to have an accident sometimes. I personally think that's the best way to treat these things, and I take that attitude to our children if they have an accident, which they don't much now. I have more accidents than they do.

I hope you enjoyed these cute stories, and appreciate how wonderful my parents are.

Sorry, it looks like somehow the whole introductory paragraph turned into a hyperlink. It was basically saying that these are some more childhood stories of my mother having accidents, and one of them was a messing accident.

*003*2014-08-22 07:30

{{ 

Wetting: It was a pretty cute story. The traffic & parking was pretty much a nightmare, and you & your mother having to holding wasn't any better considering how painful it really is. You really have a nice mother for you to go to the bathroom first preventing you from having a accident while she took the fall. To be fair everybody is going to have their limit to the point of having accidents, age pretty much has no limit. Even teenagers or adults aren't suppose to do that, but sometimes they can't control it when they have to hold it in for a really long time.

Messing: Another cute story, I do find it some of the scenes pretty funny. Sorry to hear both of you at bad shellfish. I think part of the race was a bit pointless, if your mother was going to let you go first regardless anyway. (it doesn't matter much) She is still really good mother to make sure that you don't end up with accidents. It was bit of a careless move if you try to fart when your having diarrhea, your likely to explode & make a mess.

These are pretty much enjoyable stories, and it must be pretty awesome to have parents that do protect you from accidents.

}}

She said that she farted because she was in total agony from holding it and she wasn't thinking properly because of the pain. It was involuntary, really.

My parents always put me first. Most importantly, my mother actually gave up a really promising scientific career to have me and care for me intensely as I was growing up, and integrate me into society despite my social problems. So if it came to either my or her having an accident, there was no question about it, I'd use the toilet and she'd hold it as best she could, and sometimes that wasn't quite enough.

*006*2014-08-26 09:47

{{ 

Extremely awesome stories, especially the messing one.

Did she saved her underwear? Did it came down her legs or just stained through underwear to skirt? What did you do after that, just came back with her stained skirt (was it really visible?) or tried to hide it? Was it her only accident and did you have any messing accidents?

}}

We were at home, so she just put her soiled clothes in to soak, had a bath and explained to my father when he came home that she'd had a little accident. He was very sympathetic and felt so sorry for her. The mess was all down her legs, on the back of her skirt and in her panties, it even got into her boots.

It was her only messing accident I saw, but while she was pregnant with me she had a few wetting and messing accidents. Maybe I should tell those stories too, but it's kind of weird because I was really too young to remember it!

*007*2014-08-26 16:05

Another story about my mother, this time when she was pregnant with me:

$/22333-my-mothers-very-public-pregnant-accident/

*009*2014-08-27 08:19

Well I think she had a messing accident on a train once, but I don't know much about it. I know she was on a crowded train and she felt really ill and started to vomit. Then she felt something squelching in her skirt and sure enough, she'd crapped herself too. But I'll need to ask her about it before I write about it.

*011*2014-08-28 08:14

I think she knows, but she says that it's fine if I have fetishes, she'll love me just as much. And we should do whatever makes us happy, even if that involves John tying me up and putting ice on my bladder until I helplessly pee my panties.

