At the swimming pool

Author: jayjay5

*000*2013-07-11 22:23

I went swimming recently and did my usual 1 and a half hour swim. I had a vague need to pee at the start but I ignored it. I think partly because I couldn't be bothered to deal with it, partly because the lanes were busy and didn't want to pee in the pool and have someone realise and also, really, because I wanted to have some fun with it. I love the desperate walk to the bathroom and the orgasmic feeling of finally making it to the bathroom, with perhaps a few spurts lost along the way.

About 20 minutes before the end of my swim, my need to urinate seemed to spike. Perhaps it's because I was getting tired or maybe because I knew I was nearing the end. I found myself occasionally stopping at the end of a lap to squeeze my legs together and keep everything in order so I could carry on. I didn't want to hold my crotch because I didn't want to be too obvious about it and also I was wary of another imminent problem if too much touching was going to happen, a problem that would certainly be difficult to hide when getting out of the pool especially the way my shorts end up clinging to me.

I got to my last 8 lengths and I was getting a bit worried that I'd actually end up wetting myself in the pool and I wouldn't get to have any fun with the predicament I found myself in. After one more length, I simply had no choice but to give my crotch a quick squeeze. I felt a jet of pee escape and I knew I had to get back to the other end and cut my swim short or I wasn't going to get to have that amazing feeling of release in the toilet.

I got to the other end and gave myself one final squeeze to ease the pressure before I hurried up the steps and out of the pool. I grabbed my towel and walked out of the room in one swift motion. I say walk, but I don't think my walk was classified as such. There was certainly some squirming involved.

To get to the toilets, you have to walk through another pool area and then around the changing rooms (design flaw!)

As I got into the other pool area I sped up significantly, about half way around the pool I felt another jet of urine add to the already dripping wet trunks I was wearing. This was shortly followed by another and yet another as I walked into the changing rooms. At this point, I realised that I was fighting a losing battle and that I had seconds to make it all the way to the other side of the changing rooms. I began to speed walk, or speed hobble, in an attempt to get there. That was when I started to lose it. I felt another jet escape, quickly followed by another, longer jet. I shoved my hand into my crotch and massaged, trying to stop the flow. It worked temporarily but I knew there was no way I would make it into the toilets, the urine was already dripping down my leg.

I saw a few shower cubicles about 5 metres in front of me and saw my opportunity. I ran. Just as I got to the door, I completely lost it. I felt my pee spraying out of my crotch as I fumbled with the door and the drawstrings of my shorts, all the while, I had a suspiciously large puddle forming under me as I had members of the public walking past me, making me all the more frantic.

I somehow managed to get in to the shower cubicle. I slammed the door shut and ripped my shorts open, I managed to get myself out just as my stream began to ease and taper off.

An unintentional but totally unavoidable wetting! Thank goodness I was in swimming trunks!

