Strong Medicine

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2014-02-17 03:41

My head ached all the time, not a bad headache, really, but a dull throb behind my eyes. Aspirin wouldn't touch it; Tylenol helped some, but not completely, and not for long. So I figured it was just one of those things. Maybe I'd grow out of it.

Then one day mom took me and my sister to the doctor to get our flu shots. The doctor always did a quick check of vitals when you came in, even if you weren't sick. The cuff felt awfully tight when the nurse took my blood pressure, and then she took it again, raised her eyebrows, and motioned to the doctor to come over. The doctor looked at the reading, then switched the cuff to the other arm and pumped it up again. After pumping up and slowing out the air, while he listened to whatever doctors listen to when they take your blood pressure, the doctor asked me if I ever felt bloated. Sometimes, I said. Headaches? I told him of the constant dull ache. Then looking at my mother, the doctor said, "Scotty has high blood pressure."

My mother reacted as a concerned mother does; she freaked out. Once he got her calmed down, the doctor told her that my blood pressure was treatable and not to worry. Then he wrote out a prescription and told me to take one twice a day. Okay, I thought; I can do that.

Then the doctor added, "Better wait till morning to start." Whatever you say, Doc.

We swung by the drugstore and got my pills and drove home. Mom began talking about how she was going to start cooking more healthy meals and it sounded like we'd be enjoying meals quite a bit less, until Mom got over her fanatic mommyness; and so it proved; but that's in the future.

Next morning I "enjoyed" a breakfast of some sawdust-like cooked cereal guaranteed to reduce colesteral, hypertension, and over-weight, probably by making one want to eat less of it. It may not have been too bad, if I had put some salt and sugar in it; but both were now taboo, so I swallowed my dose of sawdust.

Then Mom handed me my pill. I was surprised how small it was. "You're supposed to take this with a glass of water, so here you go," and she handed me a full glass..

Pill down and water down and I was out the door. The school buss came presently, and I took a seat and opened a book for the hour's ride to school.

Thirty minutes into the ride, I began to feel like I needed to urinate, and it was an urgent feeling, like the urine was already half way down my penis. I didn't worry; I'd had to urinate before, and had no trouble holding.

By the time I got to school, however, I was literally gritting my teeth, as I waddled in the door and headed for the boys' bathroom. I felt like I was holding a basketball between my legs. Never before had I ever had to urinate so bad.

Into the boys' room it hastened, as hastily as I could, only to find every stall and urinal occupied. Then some fool who has to urinate in a toilet instead of a urinal cut lose like Niagra Falls, and I lost it. The pressure moved swiftly down my penis, and I felt a flood in my underpants and a hot river running down both legs.

I couldn't stop; it was the most gushing pee I ever had. Then I focused and realized that about a dozen pairs of eyes were taking in my accident.

"Man, you really had to piss!" offered one boy. There were a few snickers, but mostly shock. It's not every day an eight grade boy urinates in his pants.

I spent the rest of the day wearing gray sweat pants three sizes too big for me, running to the bathroom every half hour, and answering over and over again the question: "Did you really pee (or wet or piss or tinkle or teetee) your pants. Good news travels fast, doesn't it!

Mom came and picked me up, so I didn't have to ride the bus home, and when she asked me if my headache was better, I realized it was gone. Wow! I guess that pill really worked. Now, if no one ever gets between me and the bathroom, I should be fine.

Concernedly, my sister brought me back to reality and Mom nailed the lid on my coffin: "Mom said you might start wetting the bed again." This from sis. Before I could offer any denials, Mom reassured us both: "I got your brother some big boy diapers to wear to bed, until he gets used to taking his water pills.

Great! I trade a headache for wet pants and a diaper. Ain't life good? And then theres tomorrow's school but ride.

