The right jeans to wet

Author: JohnHart987

*000*2014-03-17 22:01

I had a fun Saturday recently. I was checking out the used clothing shop near the campus where I get my wetting clothes. I found a pair of old faded brown corduroy jeans, so old they had flared legs! The neat thing was the crotch, it was so tight I could barely pull them up past my hips to fasten them. Just like low rise skinny jeans! It wasn’t helped by the mildly desperate state I try to maintain when I do that kind of shopping. I nearly got wet right there in the fitting room. Fortunately my thick jockeys absorbed the minor leakage without soaking into the cords. I really wanted those cords, and it would have been embarrassing explaining a wet spot to the cashier! I figured they would make a neat pair of cutoffs for the summer.

As soon as I got home I put them on. I was very desperate by then, and as I zipped up I lost control and let out a long spurt. By the time I regained control I had a wet spot almost to my knees. I wanted to hold out as long as I could, so I sat down and started reading a magazine. That didn’t work very well, and after about five minutes I stood up to avoid getting the couch wet. I went into the bathroom to check out the view in the mirror. I was surprised; I could hardly tell I was wet. The texture of the cords and the faded brown made the wet spot look just like a shadow.

This got me thinking about some of my other stealth jeans. I like to get a little wet I public, but don’t want to get caught! Obviously black jeans work really well for hiding wetness. Some of the other ones I’ve found are the ones with the pre faded look, especially the thinner stretch jeans. The sharp edge of the wetness fades quickly so the wet spot blends in. I thought the faded legs on some of them always made it look like they were wet anyway. I remember the first time I saw a girl wearing them in high school I was sure I was seeing a real wetting. I was totally disappointed when I realized what I was really seeing! I have jeans with several different fade patterns. Some only work for small leaks around the fly. Others are less faded on the inner thighs so I can wet down my legs a little. It’s fun checking out the used jeans at the thrift shop to get just the right patterns and tightness.

Back to the present… I gave up and let it flow. The warm sensation on my tightly contained crotch was great. The cords were thin enough that I could see a standing wave of pee glistening on my bulge. I stepped into the shower to let the excess drain off, and once I stopped dripping I wandered around the apartment enjoying the sensations. After cooling off a little, maybe five to ten minutes, I went back to the mirror. It was great, unless you’d seen me wet, you couldn’t tell. It just looked like the usual faded jeans, slightly darker at the bottom of the crotch and by the inseam. I’d probably get more looks about the flares than the wetness!

This is it. I’m going to try to narrow down the flare part of the leg, and wear them to the local park by the river and have my first full deliberate public wetting! I’ll do a few more practice wettings to get the technique perfected. I’m not ready to be noticed, and as long as no one sees me in the first ten minutes, I should have a great time. It needs to warm up a lot first. I’ll let you know how it turns out.

