2 wettings within the span of about 12 hours...

Author: Downtown

*000*2011-05-22 23:52

Hey everybody,

It's been a long while since I've posted anything, pretty much for the simple fact of not really having anything to post. Well, that all changed at about 10 am this morning (and again at about noon)...

*NOTE*

This ended up taking alot more writing than I thought at first so I apologize for the length.

I'm still living at home with my mom and 10 year old sister, and my mom has this tendancy of leaving me home to watch my sister while she goes off to her boyfriends house...not alot of fun for me, but I've gotten over it. Well, this weekend my sister got one of her friends from school to come spend the night. All I'm thinking is that it'll keep my sister occupied.

So about mid-afternoon yesterday there's a knock on my door and when I open it I see a cute little blonde girl with a backpack and a sleeping bag, I say hi and lead her to my sister's bedroom. The rest of the day is pretty boring up until I tell them to get ready for bed, my sister's friend, Becka, comes into the living room while my sister is in the shower, she walks up to me with a very nervous look on her face and she says, "my mom told me to let you know that I still wet my bed and that I have to wear this to sleep..." she holds up a goodnite, "...but I don't want Calen (my sister) to know." I could tell she was really embarrassed so I just told her okay and that I wouldn't tell a soul.

So this morning comes around and my sister tells me that another one of her friends is coming over to play. My sister's in her room getting dressed, Becka comes out in a tshirt and her goodnite, carrying clean clothes. She says, "thanks for keeping my secret for me." with a shy smile, and I smiled and replied back, "no problem." Then she starts to pull down her goodnite right out in the open in the living room. It embarrassed me to be completely honest so I told her, "dontcha wanna get changed in the other room, I really don't need to see you bottomless." to which she laughs and replies, "ha, don't worry, I'm not bottomless." and she pulls her goodnite down to her ankles to reveal a very wet pair of blue panties. I was shocked.

I asked her, "why are you wearing underpants under your goodnite? That doesn't make any sense." She started blushing again and tells me, "well...when I wet my undies it feels good on my 'thing'. But if I just wet the diaper, it doesn't feel the same. Promise not to tell?" I simply said, "sure, no problem." and she threw out the wet goodnite and went off to get changed. It was a really odd moment and all I really thought was, "wow, she started young."

And if that wasn't enough, once my sister's other friend got there they all went outside to go play hide and seek. So I was BBQing some steaks for lunch while they were running around. And the other friend, Taylor, is hiding behind the Bar-B-Que. And while Becka was blond and skinny, Taylor was a chubby little girl with brunette hair. She was wearing a sundress and sandals and I noticed while she was hiding behind the grill she was start to do the tell-tale pee dance, running in place, crossing her legs, holding herself, ect. So I whispered to her, "hey, maybe you should go inside and go to the bathroom before you have an accident."

She looked up at me, still doing the pee dance, and said, "no it's okay, my big sister said that since I'm wearing a dress only my panties will get wet so no one will know." I'm friends with Taylor's sister so I texted her and told her what Taylor had just told me. I got a text back saying, "yeah its fine. better just her underwear than actual pants she does this alot dont stress" I just shrugged it off and went back to grilling. Then a heard an "uh-oh." 

I looked over the grill and standing behind it was Taylor, with her sandals kicked to the side, her dress pulled up to her bellybutton, and her legs spread wide with her white panties showing for all to see. Then she let it all out with a big sigh. She peed for a while, her underwear were soaked from the crotch all the way up the entire butt. When she finished she surveyed that damage and spun around showing me her butt and asked, "how wet is it?" I laughed and told her from the back it looked like she was wearing yellow underwear not white. She giggled and said, "yeah, I didn't go pee at all since last night. I had to go soooooo bad." She dropped her dress, put on her sandals and ran off to play some more.

And that was my Sunday morning, babysitting a couple girls who, from the looks of things, have absolutely no problem peeing their pants. But once everything happened, the 2 girls never brought it up again. I'd never thought anything like that would happen to me but never say never I guess. If I babysit either of them again, I'll let you all know what happens.

