Down my skirt in the park

Author: DezzyBlack

*000*2014-09-02 17:48

Recently, I've been forced to reconsider the notion that I have a weak bladder. I don't seem to pee more often than other girls so I'm not sure why I thought that. Either way, on a hot day, I'm quite capable of peeing once at ten in the morning and then holding it until I come back at night.

In fact, that's exactly what I've done this Saturday. It got pretty uncomfortable towards the end and I spent the ride itself in enough pain that I couldn't sit, but I wasn't on the verge of wetting myself, either. Actually, I almost wished I would be.

I'm not staying at home right now and it would be terribly rude to do this sort of thing, not to mention impossible to hide it, hence the 'almost'.

The day after that, I guess my bladder needed rest or something, because I peed when I woke up and again before I left and by the time I finished the thirty-minute walk to the station, I already had to go again. Not the kind of need where your bladder has went from full to stretched out to painful to just giving up, but the kind when you can feel it's half empty but you still need to pee right now or you'll just... well, end up peeing 'right now' anyway. You know, the feeling when you go from not having to pee at all to having to worry within minutes. Is there a word for that?

Maybe that's exactly why I thought I have a weak bladder. I don't really care, because potential embarrassment aside, I love that feeling. Desperation without all the pesky pain. There's no toilet in that station; I checked. After having to pee that badly the evening before, I already felt like wetting, and going through this now, I was semi-seriously considering it in the crowded station.

The feeling passed pretty quickly, but I was sure that if I drank my usual amount, I would be on the verge of actually wetting myself in a couple of hours. All the plans I had for that day still left me with a few hours to kill. I made my half-hour journey to the city and intentionally avoided the toilet in the station on the other side.

I spent two hours, well, doing stuff. I finished my water bottle at one point and bought a bottle of Coke from a vending machine. Drank half of it. I didn't actually have any idea where I could pee; it was a crowded city at noon and though I've peed outside before, I've never done it in public. I was wearing a skintight miniskirt, which is better than a pair of jeans but significantly less discreet than a long dark skirt that widens at the bottom.

Even when I had one of those, I still couldn't bring myself to pee unless there was no one around. In a miniskirt, I'd have a stream falling visibly down my legs with no fabric getting in the way at all. With the length of this particular skirt, it should be around as visible as a girl standing on the sidewalk in nothing but panties with her legs spread apart and peeing. Blatant exhibitionism, minus the nakedness.

I walked for a while, looking for a halfway discreet place where I could do it. Walking was painful at this point and, just to screw with myself, I finished my Coke on the way.

There seemed to be no stretch of streets where no cars passed at all and there were people almost everywhere. Finally, I found a small bench in the shade of a tree and adjusted my skirt so it covered the barest minimum amount of skin. Sat down on the edge, pulled out my phone to pretend I was texting or something and started to practically pray I wouldn't pee on the back of my own skirt. In this weather, it would dry pretty quickly, but still...

My heart was racing and I couldn't seem to relaxed. I breathed in the vacant street, still pretending to text, and released my muscles bit by bit - funny how I felt I was about to lose it a few hours ago and had to make an active effort to let go now. I had to be careful, too. Pee a bit and then stand up to make sure I didn't get my skirt wet, even on the edge of the bench.

Finally, finally, I felt the last of the tension go away and the first trickle start to get out. Then suddenly, a man on a bicycle came from around the corner and threw what sounded like a sexual comment.

Did he know what I was doing? Obviously not, but did he see how turned on I was?

I basically chickened out, and once he was gone, pulled the skirt back so I could walk in it and went away. It was a terrible idea anyway.

My heart was racing once again. After this bout of stupidity, I didn't think I could get myself to pee here, even in a street that looked mostly deserted.

I walked a while more, which was fascinatingly painful in its own right, until I saw a large park - surrounded by a hedge - that looked empty. I walked in, sort of giddy.

There... there were people inside. A man with a large dog and some young teenager talking on the phone.

And I needed to pee, soon.

I considered it for a moment. The park was large, with children's playground things and trees partially obscuring the view. Benches? No, they were all either too close to the people or too close to the entrances. Peeing on a bench wasn't even inherently more discreet - I guess I got that idea into my head because it sort of was more discreet in a few other types of outfits, or because I just had an easier time relaxing in a sitting position, or whatever.

I considered my shoes for a moment. They were fine, sandals with barely any material to get wet (to be fair, the skirt also barely had any material to get wet and I still fretted over it).

The teenager who was here before was gone now. I found a nice place in the middle of the park, still far enough from the man with the dog, and leaned on this weird... railing... thing that surrounded a large tree. Being in a shadow made what I was about to do seem ever-so-slightly less risque.

I once again pulled my skirt as far up as I could. For a moment, I considered pulling off my panties, but decided against it. I couldn't cross my legs or stand in any way that would seem overly casual because that would be guaranteed to leave a large stain on my ass - not that I could manage a relaxed stance all that well right now, anyway. I just really, really wanted to pee.

I checked where the man was again, made sure nobody else came into the part and willed myself to relax, trying to let out a small trickle to see how it would go and how visible it would be. Despite how nervous I was, my bladder felt like it was overflowing by now and it was suddenly so much easier to release it.

Rather than letting a bit out like I wanted, I found myself just plain starting to pee; it took me several seconds to clench my muscles back again through the stream. The flow increased again on its own as I felt pee streaming down my legs before I managed to stop completely. My panties were beyond soaked. The man with the dog got a bit closer, though he didn't seem to be paying attention to me. I twisted around to make sure my skirt was dry, even if my legs definitely weren't. This kind of lapse in control would have had me ecstatic even when I did this home alone, but like this...

Slightly more confident now, I stood where I could just barely see the man over there and prepared to start again when a couple of people stepped into the park through one of the entrances. I nearly cursed. Despite it all, I didn't feel anything like relief; I still had to pee, and I didn't think I could find a better place for it. I watched the people, hoping they wouldn't come near me.

They did, and then they headed for the other entrance. Someone else came in and situated himself on a bench, but then, the park really was quite large.

I couldn't really wait anymore.

Certain that I was being extremely stupid, I leaned against the railing again and hoped the people wouldn't look too closely. I took out my phone and pretended to talk to someone, although probably not too convincingly, and then I spread my legs apart very slightly and released it all at once.

It was a thrill, letting the pee burst out of me like it was the most natural thing in the world. As if I had to pee so I did, even with people in my line of sight, like there was nothing more to it. I felt the stream gush down my legs, not just between them but in all kinds of directions that just had to be visible. The rest was just falling down. As if my underwear wasn't even there. After a few seconds, the ground no longer even absorbed it and I heard the very distinct sound of liquid hitting a puddle.

Now I finally did feel that relief, bit by bit, as my feet got wetter and my bladder emptied itself.

I forced myself to keep peeing even as the first man got slightly closer with his dog. The second was looking down at something, probably his phone, and not even paying attention. The stream of my pee was getting thinner.

I kept at it until the moment I was done.

(Sorry for this doorstopper of a post. It's probably more interesting in person.)

*002*2014-09-02 18:14

{{ 

That must have been quite intense when you doing it. Were you desperate to the point where you might not have found a bathroom in time, or did it just feel bad because your bladder was feeling weak?

}}

Ah, I genuinely have no idea how close I was. Still, when I can get away with it, I'd rather wet myself than deal with the utter discomfort of being on the verge of an accident. Especially since I can essentially be in terrible pain anywhere between minutes to hours before I start losing control. After an hour or two, my definition of 'being able to get away with it' may start to warp.

Also, I was in a safe walking distance of a toilet that whole time. :)

*010*2014-09-04 11:04

{{ 

I love it!!! I really wanna try peeing in public like this!!

}}

Well, if you do it, please do tell! I love your descriptions!

*011*2014-09-04 12:49

Well, for as long as this topic isn't dead, I'm gonna write about the other times I wet myself semi-publicly. Although what I did last week in the part certainly changed my standards for 'public'. A year ago, the mere fact that I was outside and other people were too already terrified me.

What gave me the skirt idea in the first place - since watching a girl pee in one certainly isn't very exciting, is it - was the first time I got drunk. I was sixteen and we were in a sort of an empty field around a small pond. I wasn't very drunk, but in a twist that I thought only happened due to people's embellished retelling of real events, I went to find a bathroom with two other girls and it was closed. There was a McDonald's that was closed but there were still workers in it, and when we asked to go to the bathroom, they legitimately laughed in our face.

So we went back to the field. My friends were like 'meh, later' but I was the one who brought up going to the bathroom in the first place. I wasn't particularly keen on holding it and it frustrated me so very much to see boys fake-hiding behind trees to do pee. There was no actual cover so I couldn't just go in the bushes - well, I could have probably walked a bit further and found a place, but I've always been a bit scared of going in the bushes (particular fears included being seen and having insects and icky nature things up my privates) and it just didn't occur to me. It felt like the drunk boys were personally insulting me by peeing where I could see.

I sat on top of a hill with two boys, one of whom was completely drunk and the other alternated between rambling about some girl who took off her shirt and how pretty the stars were. In the boldest decision I've ever made so far, I decided that even if the darkness and the black skirt didn't hide what I did, I could still use the alcohol as an excuse, so I peed right where I was sitting in the grass.

It felt amazing, but I didn't manage to feel turned on by that experience until much later.

*012*2014-09-04 13:06

The first time I 'recreated' the skirt thing was on my way home when I was about... 17?

I was wearing a knee-length jeans skirt and it was pretty warm outside. I wasn't desperate just then, but I needed to go enough that it was distracting and I couldn't keep on holding at home because my parents and siblings were all there.

I was walking up a small street where there seemed to be almost no traffic at all. One car every five minutes, if that. There were no people on the street except for me, though I couldn't be sure about people looking out of their windows.

I can't pee while walking (Can anyone?) so I stopped and tried my best to look natural. Which is a bit of a challenge when you're peeing down your legs in broad daylight.

This time, it was 100% for the thrill. My heart was beating like crazy and the puddle I left on the asphalt was so very visible. I couldn't manage to empty my bladder completely that way, so I came home and finished peeing in the toilet through my panties.

