Downtown Misadventure

Author: LadyChaos

*000*2014-04-26 11:47

I went to my sister’s after work. We had Indian take-out, played with her cat, watched a terrible BBC programme. She got high and I laughed at her while I baked a cake. I’d just finished icing it when I got the text from a friend going through a breakup. Just as I’d suspected – she needed some companionship on a Friday night. Wallowing wasn’t doing her any good. So, I told her to catch the SeaBus downtown. My sister and I got hussied up, hopped in my car and drove downtown to meet her.

It was a GORGEOUS night. I hadn’t planned to go out but it would have been a damn shame if I hadn’t. It was warm and clear. I wore a knee length, sleeveless navy blue lace dress over a plain slip and a pair of quirky girly camo slip-ons to keep it casual. I wore my hair messy, half loosely clipped with a silly bejeweled beak clip and piled on the brown and gold eye makeup. It was plenty warm that, after parking, I just left my jacket in the trunk.

The three of us descended on a scuzzy pub in Gastown. The only seats we could find were shared with a handful of hammered boys in their early twenties. That was alright. They weren’t crude or grabby. We ordered a cheap pitcher of beer and the other two got cocktails. I started in on the beer as is my habit.

The music was terrible and the boys obnoxious but, after a couple beer, I didn’t care. All three of us were relaxing and our friend seemed less distressed. I thought it a good time to invite her to dance. I drunkenly shimmied on the dance floor, beckoning her to join me. All three of us wiggled for three or four songs before returning to our table for a drink. What we needed was water. What was in front of us was beer. We finished the pitcher and ordered another before returning to the dance floor. About half way through that next dance was when I started feeling really good. I was wasted and felt that familiar pressure in my bladder building. I always get so high off that feeling. I was in the company of ladyfriends though, one of whom needed comfort, so I didn’t let on how physically aroused I was getting by it.

We returned to our table, now completely blasted. We were as loud and obnoxious as the boys at the table by this point. Working our way through the rest of our second pitcher of beer, we engaged the young men on various topics from whether they’d ever been surfing in Tofino and how they felt about Putin and if they’d ever had a donair to what they wanted to be when they grow up. Their answers were entertaining. The discussion culminated in a loud, drunken sing-a-long to Rush’s Limelight.

All the while, I sat on that wooden bench, rocking slightly. I wasn’t able to drink anymore. I was wasted and so full. That pressure though – I was loving it. Sitting down, it was so much more intense. Leaning slightly forward, my full bladder pressed against the outside wall of my g-spot. As I leaned in I’d bring my knees up, heels popping out of my slip-ons, and squeeze my middle. I was experiencing amazing fluttering sensations up my abdomen, into my breasts every time I squeezed my bladder leaning forward.

I dared to reach down and press into my bladder with the fingertips of my left hand to intensify the sensation. There was so much going on around me, no one was paying attention to what was happening under the table and my quiet moans were completely inaudible over the ruckus. Everyone else at my table was deeply engaged in a drunken discussion about dolphins in captivity and summer music festivals and solar energy and biomedical waste disposal. I was in my own little world, terribly aroused and enjoying the hell out of myself without anyone around me having a clue or being a part of it.

Of course, with all that rocking and squeezing and pressing and bending, matters were becoming increasingly urgent. I had it under control though and I was still very much at the point where the pleasure I was deriving was outweighing any pain from holding. I continued with my ritual, glancing side to side to ensure no one was watching, then disappearing back into my thoughts, fantasising about how well my man would take care of me if he’d been there. I just love watching his eyes when I’m holding in public, obviously struggling. That’s when I caught my sister looking at me from across the table, concerned. While I’d been daydreaming about getting into trouble and being rescued by my big strong man, I’d somewhat lost my composure. 

I was biting my lip, something my man can tell you is a dead giveaway with me. Luckily, my sister has no idea what that face means when I make it so I was able to pass it off as generic discomfort. I texted both she and our friend seen as shouting across the table wasn’t going to do a lot of good, saying I was ready to go. The bathrooms in that place are disgusting and it’s a long walk back to the train, which I would be pee dancing during, plus the train ride home before I could use a toilet that doesn’t scare me. I needed to begin making my way home or towards an alternative bathroom. Otherwise I’d be squatting in an alley or worse.

I’ll leave it at that for now. I’m not drunk anymore and need to go into the city to pick my car up today so I better get some sleep! Will share more tomorrow. J

*003*2014-04-28 11:19

Being that the three of us live in different directions from downtown Vancouver, upon leaving, we all told one another our respective plans to get home and agreed to text one another when we got in the door. My sister and I waited with our friend until she got on a northbound bus. Agitated by my need, I adjusted the skirt of my dress, crossed my arms over my middle, sticking my butt out slightly, switching my weight from foot to foot, bouncing at the knees slightly. My sister stared for a moment and then snorted, laughing. She recognised I had to pee. She had no idea what it was doing to me though (nor would I ever want her to.)

As soon as the bus pulled up and the door began to open I shouted “BYE” to our friend and began bustling towards the train station. Did I want to go to Chinatown or Waterfront? Chinatown’s closer and one less stop from home. It’s also scarier though with lots of people shooting up on the street. My sister could catch a train home from either. Without consulting her, I began shuffling towards the stadiums and Chinatown, my thighs squeezed together. I heard her shout “Hey, wouldn’t it be safer for us to take Waterfront?”

“There’s two of us – don’t worry about it”, I shouted back, as if the buddy system assured our safety. I carried on, thighs rubbing uncomfortably, humming nervously to myself.

We arrived at the train and my sister asked “You want to find a bathroom before we get on?”

“No!” I shouted enthusiastically. “Let’s just get going, ‘kay?” And thankfully it was a short wait for a train. I saw my sister onto her train and then, in a rush, scurried up the stairs from the platform, over the tracks and down onto the side where the train was headed in my direction. Another short wait – what a relief! But it was short lived because one stop later I was going to have to transfer lines.

I shot off the train soon as the doors began sliding open, turning sideways to sneak off faster but awkwardly smacking a boob in the process. “Ow”, I complained to myself as I scurried up the stairs. The weird sequence of stairs, escalator, flat, another escalator, more stairs was exhausting while trying to hold. My brow was sweaty and I was panting. I made it to the top of the second flight of stairs though, stepped out of my slip-ons, picked them up in my right hand, tugged at my skirt, left hand over my crotch, and took off. I sneaked out the door while a stranger was holding it for someone else, shouted “Thank you!” nervously and, between bursts of awkward jogging with my knees tight together, heels pointed out, and speedwalking with my hands over my crotch, made my way to the station across the street, underground and to the tracks.

ELEVEN MINUTES? It was another eleven minutes before a train was coming? I was horrified. I wasn’t having fun anymore. Sure, I was still physically aroused but I’d been full for so long I was cramping painfully at this point. There was no bathroom in the station. There was nowhere to hide and crouch on the platform either and who the hell knows how long I would take me to find a washroom back on the street. There was surely a frightened look on my face. I was sweaty, some of my hair sticking to my forehead. “Owie,” I whispered to myself. For the next eleven minutes I stood there, pouting, with my shoes back on, toes pointed inward, knees and thighs tight together, butt sticking out, bent forward at the waist, rocking myself to keep distracted. I kept telling myself “Fifteen minute ride. The next leg is a fifteen minute ride.” If I took the trip home one step at a time it would be surmountable.

I didn't dare sit on the train. I couldn't apply that sort of pressure to my abdomen. I held on tight to a pole with one hand, the other over my crotch. My feet were together. I was slightly bent at the knees and forward at the hip. I had my eyes closed and breathed deeply, trying to calm myself. “You alright, girl?” a man’s voice asked me. I opened my eyes, looked in the direction of the voice. Just some stranger in a hockey jersey, probably still a bit drunk. I smiled at him, not wanting to portray how uncomfortable and anxious I was. “Oh, you bet. Just can’t wait to get home to my bed.” He continued, “Looks like you’re in a tight spot.” Really? I hate when strangers try to engage me on the train but was this one really commenting on my… state? Uhg. I responded, attempting to end the discussion, “This is nothing. I’ll be just fine within a minute or two of arriving home.”

“Just don’t think about running water.” Was this guy for real? Seriously? “Or move too quickly.” I was completely embarrassed and offended at this point. I shot a dirty look in his direction. I’d had enough. This was a private matter and I was going to resolve it privately. As the train came to a stop, I shouted “I don’t know if you realize this but you made me feel super uncomfortable, commenting on my need to pee.” He didn’t respond. Several young men sitting across from him chuckled. One whooped for me. Another clapped. I shook my head, unimpressed, and shuffled off the train.

A sudden intake of breath - upon taking one big step off the train, onto the platform a trickle of pee snuck out, absorbed into my cotton underpants. “Oh, shit”, I whispered to myself. I stood dead still. I couldn’t deny it felt good – it really did – but I needed to hold a few minutes longer. I was almost home. A sharp pain was becoming apparent in my abdomen though. It had been much too long. I was risking hurting myself. I proceeded, taking one slow, careful step at a time towards the stairs, then down them and outside to the bus loop.

“You have to be kidding,” I said at an inappropriate volume. There was no bus going anywhere near my house for another twenty minutes. I was in pain. I was tired. I was no longer even a little drunk. I just wanted to go pee and go to bed. Home was so close but there was no bus for twenty minutes and I was no longer fit to walk. Every step was a conscious effort to hold. Any movement exacerbated the cramping. I stood there, arms crossed, thighs and knees squeezed together and looked at the ground, my eyes welling up with tears. I was so frustrated. Then the Aha Moment: catch a cab! It’s a five minute cab ride from the train station to my house. Then, bathroom! I was so pleased with myself. There were cabs parked at the station. All I needed to do was get the attention of one, get them over to the curb where I was waiting and hop in. I ran towards the curb, arm up hailing, smiling brightly, knowing I’d resolved the mini crisis and relief was coming soon.

But I’d celebrated too soon. Standing curbside, watching the taxi’s lights come on and it pull away from the curb opposite me, I gasped. There was a small stream of fluid running down the inside of my left leg. I’d moved too suddenly. I’d lost my composure. In my enthusiasm to get home, I’d lost focus and.... control. I stared at the ground, eyes wide, a hand over my mouth. It was running over the top of my foot and down the back of my leg, filling my slip-on. 

Then a steady steam, straight from the crotch of my underpants to the pavement, hitting the ground noisily. I was frozen, shocked. Upon seeing the puddle form, the hissing stream of pee splashing down into it, splattering on my calves, I was hypnotised. My rigid body became limp. I moaned, feeling myself further empty, the relief reverberating through my body in fluttery waves. With my eyes closed, I stepped out of my shoes, my feet now close together, put both hands over my crotch, stuck out my ass and bent my knees a little. My head tilted to the left as I finished emptying on my feet, completely lost in the sensation.

It was as I finished that I realised the cab had pulled up in front of me, standing there, barefoot, in a huge puddle of my own pee. “Oh!” I said, startled, the reality of what had just happened hitting me when the driver rolled down his window. He said hello but, before he could ask where I was headed, shook his head and did a doubletake. I stood with my mouth hanging open for another moment, unsure how to proceed. My heard was in my throat, my face hot. Realising there was no explanation I could give that would suffice and that other people at the station were looking my way now, some gasping, I stuck my wet feet back in my shoes and climbed in the back seat of the cab. Sitting in my underpants, completely soaked, they reminded me how badly I’d just embarrassed myself. I was horrified, trying to escape the humiliation I was feeling. After telling the driver where to go, I discretely pulled them off from beneath my skirt.

I paid in cash, insisting I didn’t need change, and ran around the back of the house, in through the kitchen where I kicked off my shoes, and to the washroom. I tossed my wet panties in the tub, unclipped my hair, pulled my dress off over my head, unclipped my bra and tossed it to the side before turning on the shower and leaping in the tub myself. My heart still pounding from the humiliating incident, I sat in the tub, the shower spraying water down my back, and wrung out my pissy panties. As I came down though, the steam and warm water relaxing me, my heart rate and breathing slowing, I began to appreciate just how relieved I was. I remembered the arousal I’d experienced due to my full bladder earlier in the evening in the pub. 

I recalled the anxiousness with which I’d traversed my way home on the trains while holding and the violation I felt from the strange man commenting on my intimate predicament. I remembered the painful cramping and devastating frustration due to the lack of bus home and the elation when I found a solution to my predicament. Then I remembered the shock. The warm, wet sensation. The sight of the puddle and the sounds. I remembered the release of tension, submitting to my body’s need, not wanting to stop. Then the realisation of what had happened, that I, a grown woman, had wet herself, not just a little but a lot, on the pavement at a train station, that people were staring, the complete humiliation of it. It was all too much. And without my man around, all I could do was lay back in the tub, the shower spraying water on my breasts, rolling down my body, and take care of myself.

After finishing, I wrapped myself in a bath sheet, hung my wet underwear on the shower curtain rod and walked to my bedroom. I closed the door behind me, took off the bath sheet and towel-dried my hair with it before crawling into bed. I sent that text I’d promised to my sister and friend and quickly fell asleep. I only wished my partner could have been there to share the experience.

*010*2014-05-01 11:58

Thanks for the feedback, all! I'm wondering whether writing and sharing experiences is something I should continue or if it's a practice in narcissism. Lemme know.

*014*2014-05-28 08:00

Thanks!

And it's bear. Rawr. I <3 grammar.

