Almost made it

Author: pkava

*000*2012-08-12 02:06

I have always found a certain kind of accident the most exciting. These are the ones that happen when relief is near: running for the bathroom, waiting in line, at the end of class right before the bathroom break, etc. When you just need a little more time...

Maybe you will share some of your stories.

I'm sure this comes about from my two most memorable early incidents.

The second happened when I was about ten years old. We were going to visit my mother's sister and her famly. We had to take a train, and then a long bus ride. I didn't really have to go when we were at the train station, but my dad bought us sodas there, and as the bus ride wore on, I began to be desperate.

I tried to keep it to myself, but eventually my mother noticed and asked me if I was ok. "I have to go pipi... Bad!" I whispered to her. She told me we couldn't stop, and that the trip was another half hour, and I would just have to try told on.

The rest of the trip was agony. Before long my father asked my mother, and she told him, and then my little brother knew, and there was nothing to do about it but sit there and suffer.

You know how when you have to go so bad it hurts, and you start thinking all kinds of crazy ways out? I imagined stopping the bus so I could run behind a bush. Finding a cup or bucket. Just letting go on the floor. I wished I could teleport just a little bit of my wee into other peoples' bladders. But none of these were real.

As the bus got closer to town, I thought I was going to wet myself on the bus and couldn't imagine the embarrassment. There was a constant pressure right where it comes out, and I knew that any leak would inevitably become a flood. Each time the bus slowed down or sped up, rounded a curve or even worse hit a bump, my bladder screamed. I don't actually know how I managed to keep it in - I had to go SO bad.

My uncle met us where the bus stopped, so now he too knew my situation. "We've got to get this little girl home," he remarked. Their house was a short walk from where the bus stopped, but it was not possible to stop anywhere, and I struggled along with my mother urging me "Just another few minutes," she said. I was practically crying, as I tried to hurry yet had to keep stopping to maintain control.

I was nearly wetting myself as we reached the door. As it opened, my mother greeted my aunt with the customary cheek kisses, and said, "Hello, sorry to rush, could you please show [pkava] to the toilet, it's an emergency." Which was completely obvious from the way I was dancing about and holding myself in a way that was most improper but absolutely necessary.

My aunt led me quickly toward the bathroom. Just as I finally got inside and the door shut behind me, it happened. The sight of the toilet was too much, and it started coming out. I fumbled with my trousers but it was too late, and I completely peed myself standing two feet from the toilet.

Once I knew my fight was over, I remember doing nothing at all (except pee). It came out for ages it seemed, running hot down my legs, soaking my clothes, and making a big mess on the bathroom floor.

Then I started to cry as I realized what had happened. My family and my uncle's family were all outside waiting for me to reappear. But I couldn't! I was shocked and ashamed. I had not had an accident like this for years and I was far too old for this. And yes, maybe some of the tears were tears of relief.

I just stood there for a minute while I thought about what to do, how I could possibly make this go away. And then there was a gentle knock on the door. "Boo?" my mother asked. (Boo is like a pet or familyname for me when I was young.) "Boo, may I come in?"

Somehow one's mother has a way of making things all right.

*011*2012-08-15 05:01

{{ 

That's great that it seemed like your mom was supportive...very curious as to what happened next...

}}

I think my mom knew what she would find when she knocked on the door. She didn't wait for an answer, but came right in, put her arms around me and said, “Oh Boo.” She told me she was sorry it happened, and I shouldn't make too much about it, because it was no big problem. “It's just a little accident,” she said. She told me to get out of my wet clothes and she would bring me something clean and to “please be quick about it, because the rest of us will want to use the toilet.” She smiled and kissed me on the cheek.

When she came back she had a washrag for me. I had taken off my pants and shoes and underpants and she washed my legs before handing me the cloth to do my private parts. I put on fresh clothes standing in the bath, while she blotted up the puddle and quickly rinsed the floor. Then she quickly used the toilet herself, and led me to our room. She quietly comforted me by not making a big deal of what happened while we unpacked. After a little bit, she led me out to greet the family. My aunt immediately embraced me and kissed me welcome. "We'll fix that upset tummy," she said and took me to the kitchen to fix some herbal tea. And that was that.

Even though I was still terribly embarrassed, we pretended it hadn't happened, except the adults were all extra nice and gentle with me that afternoon. That part is a very tender memory.

