I Thought I Would Make It Home In Time...

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-07-23 22:47

I'm really not into my own personal desperation and wetting, I'm more of a viewer but I don't really mind it. Either experience with myself just doesn't feel good or excite me sexually but I figured you guys would like this story from today. I had all of you in mind when I went for the drive today. :)

To the story:

This morning I only had to work from home and since my significant other was just watching movies or taking naps on his day off so I decided I would test my bladder capacity. I didn't want to do it at home because knowing a toilet is available makes me less desperate and I'm trying to work on my nervous bladder. Every time I am in a position where I know a bathroom isn't very accessible and have a slight urge to pee I panic and grow very desperate, which isn't good for things like plane rides or long car drives. I decided to drink more than my usual amount of fluids (alternating between soda and water), empty my bladder fully before leaving, and bring a big bottle of water with me. I had been using the rapid desperation method posted on here so I would fill quickly but didn't drink a bunch every fifteen minutes, only sips when I was actually thirsty.

I went for a drive out to the Air Force Base which is about an hour and ten minute round trip depending on how much I pay attention to the speed limit. Since I know many of you like descriptions, I'm 5'7, in my twenties, about 118 lbs, a 32 A/B cup, a small waist and I have big hips for a girl my size. My hair is dark brown with blonde highlights and I had it pulled back in two pig tails to keep it out of my face in the heat. I had on light wash denim cut off shorts that are very, very short with no underwear and a black push up bra with a black sleeveless top. The top was a little low cut so there was a tiny bit of cleavage from my push up bra.

I started my drive and noticed within fifteen minutes I already could feel the need to pee. I limited my drinking at this point because even though my need wasn't strong, knowing I had no where to stop on this road and not wanting to pop a squat on the side of the road, I was getting anxious. My shorts were starting to cut into my bladder and not even ten minutes later I was squirming in my seat a little and in a normal situation I would have stopped to find a bathroom. The fast desperation method really works and I was starting to regret doing it and wanting to turn around to go home even though I hadn't hit the base yet. I really didn't want to pee on my seat because I didn't want to stain it or have the car smell like pee so I sped up a bit.

By the time I hit the base and could turn around I noticed I was really thirsty from the heat but didn't want to add anything to my bladder. I reluctantly took a big swig and my bladder groaned, feeling painfully heavy and very full. I wouldn't say I was bursting yet but I was considering taking a different route so I could find a bathroom. I saw a detour ahead for a route that was faster through back roads so I opted out and took this street, knowing I could get home faster and maybe make it in time. I wouldn't let myself pee in my car so I bit my lip and held my crotch tightly with one hand, surprised how fast I was this full. I was actually kind of embarrassed it had only been about 40 minutes and I was sweating and shaking with the will to hold on, but I know the science behind getting your bladder started then depriving yourself of the bathroom so I tried to convince myself I was better at holding it than I felt.

I was now pretty bad off but only had four or five minutes left until I got home. I was at about 49 minutes since I left and couldn't believe how full I was. My hand was now glued to my crotch and I had unbuttoned and unzipped my jean shorts, speeding like my life depended on it. I was starting to feel a decent amount of pain in my abdomen and really don't enjoy being desperate, so I was grateful when I saw the street for the backroad I could take to get to my house. Knowing relief was near was not helping my need and even though I was willing my body to hold on and pressing on my pee hole, I knew I wouldn't make it when I hit a speed bump and a big spurt burst out against my hand. I removed my hand for a second to inspect the damage and I could see a little bit of pee on the seat as well as a dark wet spot, maybe the size of a half dollar on my shorts.

I put my hand back hard and put the pedal to the metal but the next bump in the road really set me off. Right after I hit it I felt a jolt in my bladder and my hand became warm with the hot pee spurting out of me. I tried to regain control but my bladder had enough and I was grateful to let my body finally relax. I stopped the car and jumped out on a somewhat busy road without turning it off and let the rest of my pee run down the inside of my thighs onto the ground. I was still trying to stop the flow for the sake of not putting my wet bottom on the seat of my car but I couldn't regain control.

I never considered myself to have a large bladder so I was surprised at the intensity and volume of my stream. I crouched down to let the rest of it out so my legs would be less wet and watched the dirt turn dark where my urine hit and puddled beneath me. When I was finally done relief washed over me until I realized my shorts would be soaking wet when I walked in the door. I was already blushing something furious thinking of my husband catching me and when I inspected the damage in my car mirrors my entire butt was soaked and the front of my shorts were no better.

Before I was able to change a few cars passed me and my cheeks were burning with embarrassment. One guy yelled out the window asking if I was okay and I said I was but I couldn't get over the fact this stranger had seen my obviously peed in shorts. It was obvious what I had done so I searched around in the back seat until I found a towel and a bikini top. I couldn't find any bikini bottoms or other bottoms so I wiped the seat and my wet thighs off with the towel, then wrapped it around my waist and took my shorts off. When no cars were coming I climbed back inside the car and quickly stripped off my top and bra, replacing it with a bikini top.

When I got home my husband was none the wiser and assumed I had gone to the beach for a quick dip. He didn't really notice me leaving so I doubt he remembered if I had a bikini on under my clothes or not. After my little trip and accident it wasn't thirty minutes before I was rushing to the bathroom to pee. I've been about three times since and each time has been very urgent.

Has anyone else tried the fast desperation method while driving? I'll check the thread after I post to see but if anyone had I'd love to hear their stories here, too. :)

