Desperate Debbie and I Take A Long Trip To Camp

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-05-05 16:16

I have been on this site for about an hour needing to pee the whole time. Now that I am getting a bit squirmy, it is time to write my latest tale about Desperate Debbie I enjoy writing these stories much more if I need to pee.

Back in the day we frequently camped in the Adirondacks Mountains of New York State. It was a holiday weekend and we decided to try a different Campground that we had not been to before, one a longer distance from home. We figured the trip would take about 3.5 hours. We would be traveling on unfamiliar roads. This was way before GPS or even cell phones were even a thought.

We left home around immediately after work at about 5:30 PM. We usually wanted to set up camp before dark, but tonight that could not happen. By time was getting dark, around 8:30PM we realized we had missed a turn or something and were hopelessly lost, and the trip would take much longer than we had planned. After trying to find my own way for another half hour Debbie, suggested I stop and ask for directions; because in addition to being lost she had to pee. There was not much in the way of human habitation where we were .I had to go also, so I broke the ‘man code’ of not asking for directions, and stopped at one of the infrequent gas stations. We got pointed in the right direction and asked to use the restrooms.

The men’s room was filthy, but since I really needed to pee and did not have to actually touch anything. I just went. Upon returning to the car Debbie did not look happy. According to her description the ladies room was even worse than the men’s and there was no way she could go in there. I asked if she wanted me to try to find someplace for he to pee, but she said no she would just hold it. I explained that according to the directions given by the attendant we were way off course and it would take another 2-2.5 hours to reach our destination. She replied that it was ok; she would try to hold it. Music to my ears!

She did not complain much as the next 2 hours past, but I did notice she kept shifting position and squirming with increasing frequency. Eventually she put her hand tightly in her crouch and left it there. I asked her if she wanted me to stop so she could pee on the side of the road, as we were surrounded by nothing but trees, no civilization. She said she did not like doing that and would hold on as long as she could. As she squirmed her legs back and forth she asked how much longer until we got there, but the truth was I did not know. Part of me was turned on, but the other part felt bad for her. I imagined how bad she needed to go because I was starting to need to pee again myself. But I was not about to stop and go if she did not.

We finally arrived at the campgrounds at about 11:30PM, right about the 2.5 hours we were told, and about 5 hours after we left home. The check in booth was closed and being a New York State Campground, there was no lighting past the entrance. We had a difficult time finding our reserved campsite in the dark. Therefore, although I did see a sign for restrooms she believed me when I said I did not know where the bathrooms were. I know that was a bit evil, but I was now excited being able to watch her struggle, now that I did not have to concentrate on driving.

It was well past ‘quite time’ so I convinced her it was best if we set up as quickly and quietly as possible. We would look for the bathrooms, as soon as we finished. She said she was afraid she was going to wet her pants, but I told her I had to go too so we would make this fast. She complained I had already went once, but agreed to set up first.

As we went about setting up out tent and tarp, she was constantly crossing her legs back and forth, and when she did not need both hands one was in her crouch. We were almost done when she suddenly let go of the pole she was holding and grabbed her pussy with both hands, as another wave of desperation hit. She said she was about to pee in her pants. The wave passed without any damage .However, by dropping the pole part of the tarp we had put up collapsed, so we had to redo some of our work. She held the pole with one hand while holding herself with the other, and doing a constant pee-pee dance. She said her pee was pressing hard against her pee hole and it felt like it was going to come out. I did not want her to totally soak her pants, so I rushed to finish setting up.

With that finished we had to find the restrooms, with only a flashlight. We walked back toward the entrance, where I had seen the sign. I seemed to take forever. Finally we found them, and she bolted to the ladies as I went to the men’s side. These were the old pit toilets essentially a big outhouse, with both genders in the same building. I loved these, because I could listen to her ( and other woman) peeing. I held off so I could hear he going, which was not easy since I also needed to pee. She went on for over a minute. I then had to try peeing with a semi-hard-on .When we got back together I asked if she made it, and she said almost. I felt the crouch of her jeans and there was just a tiny wet spot. However once back in our tent I felt her panties and the entire crouch was soaked. She confessed as soon as she approached the bathroom it started coming out, and she could not stop it. Some of her pee splattered on the floor as she sat down.

She asked coyly did you make it feeling my underwear. They were dry, but what she grabbed on was a full erection that she would take care of. The next morning we discovered there was a restroom a short distance the other way from which we walked.

Now I have to proof read and edit while experiencing frequent need to pee urges, with pressure at my pee hole, as I squirm my legs back and forth, but thus far resisting using my hand.

