Justice

Author: TwitchyStitch

*000*2015-05-26 16:03

This is another Lexi story. It was a Sunday morning, and I open my eyes and look at the clock: 9:56 AM. "Shit." I say, church service starts at 10:45. I roll over and shake Lexi awake. "Babe, time to get up. We're running late."

She rolled over. "Damn, I was hoping you wouldn't wake, I shut off the alarm." She, too is a believer, but she picked up an extra shift at her job the previous night, so she was pretty exhausted. I hated missing church. "Nice try." I say. I get up and run to the bathroom to take a leak, and brush my teeth. Whilst I was brushing, she walks in in her underwear, attempting to also go to the bathroom. Now that she knew my fetish, I quickly ran and sat on the toilet. "You didn't think you were gonna get away with that little stunt you pulled without consequences, were you?"

She laughed a little. "Babe, seriously, move, I need to pee." She said

"I'm serious, you're gonna hold it til church let out." I look at my watch, 10:14. "We need to get going anyway." We both rush into the room, I put on a pair of jeans and a flannel. She put a pink cut-off shirt, and cute pink skirt that stops a couple of inches above the knee, and put on some pink sneakers. Lexi's not one for heels or anything like that, so she mostly wears high-top sneakers.

On the car ride there, she started to wiggle a little bit. "You okay?" I ask, with a smirk on my face. She looks at me sternly. "No, dumbass, I have to pee." We arrive, and like most people do, we grab a cup of coffee, and sit down in our seat. Throughout the service, she would cross and uncross her legs, press her thighs, and the occasional hand-in-crotch. When the service was over, Lexi had a tough time walking back to the car. Once the church was out of sight, she turned to me with a look on her face. "I fucking hate you so much." I try to hide my smirk. "We're almost home... try to contain it a little longer." I lied, I wanted her to loose control, even if it was on the seat of my car.

My apartment was now in view, I started to loose hope, but it was still there. Lexi's hand was now not leaving her crotch. We park and she does the pee-pee dance once she got out of the car. We walk to the door of the building. I live on the 5th floor, and there was no elevator. "Ah, shit." Lexi says. "Have there always been this many stairs?" She lets out a muffled laugh. Half way up the third flight of stairs she stops, and takes deep breaths. "I can't do it." She squats, hand in crotch, and continues to take deep breaths. We hear a door open and a lot of laughs. I had a 19-year-old living under me, so he constantly had friends over. We hear them coming down the stairs. "Fuck! I can't have anyone see me like this!" She says, somewhat starting to cry. 

I begin to feel bad. I thought of something. I sit down on the steps, and pat my lap. She hesitantly sits on my lap. "Start making out with me, it will make them feel uncomfortable and compel them to look away." She gives me an expression, asking me "Are you serious?" I nod, and she just gives up and goes for. I learned that trick from Captain America 2. (I am a huge comic book nerd, hence all the movies.) They didn't look away, instead they whistled, and wooed, and said "GET SOME!"

What was I thinking? These were kids barely out of high school. They pass, and Lexi just stared at me in horror. "I'm so sorry." She said. "What are you-" I feel it. Warmness on my lap, slowly spreading. I can't help but get an erection. "It's okay." I say. She gives me a look. "Wait- you're enjoying this?"

"I didn't say that." I say quickly.

"Well, you're dick is saying that." She looks me dead in the eye, and just grabs my crotch. "Yep, it's definitely saying that. You didn't tell me you enjoyed that as well."

She gets up, a huge wet spot on the back of her skirt, and a huge wet spot on front of my jeans. We made our way back to the room.

Back up at the room, she and I strip down, and she looks at me sensually. "Did this teach you not to touch the alarm clock."I ask.

"Sure did." She said. She walks over to me and makes out with me passionately, and she clutches my dick. We were both completely nude. Her lips make their way to my ear. She's about to whisper something in my ear, I get excited. "You're not getting none tonight." She whispers. "I'm gonna take a shower." She says walking away.

Well, shit. I think, standing there nude. Gave me blue balls. Looks like we both served a little justice today.

