Indian College Forest Desperation

Author: Ranganath

*000*2016-02-07 04:18

One of my best experiences happened a couple of years back in a small forest near the outskirts of the city. I went there with a girl who I'd been sleeping with for about a month called Sanjana. She had been at my place for the last 2 days and early one morning, we got up, got into my car, and went off to the lake. From the place where we had to leave the car it was at least a 30 minute walk.

When we finally reached, it was beautiful. I had brought breakfast and coffee and we sat and had it. After an hour of sitting and talking we decided to walk around a bit more, to explore the area.

Within half an hour however, Sanjana was getting really fidgety and uncomfortable. I asked her what was wrong and she denied anything, reajusting her kurti. As we walked on though, I noticed her walking faster and tensed, and jiggling about when we were standing still. I knew by this point that Sanjana needed a toilet. I asked her if she was okay and she continued to insist she was fine.

About 5 minutes later though she turned to me and asked me if I knew where there was a toilet nearby. I shook my head but said that there must be one in the direction of some large apartment buildings in the distance. Enticed by the thought of relief, she blindly followed me for 15 more minutes as we got more and more lost as Sanjana continued to fidget and bob.

As she was walking a lot faster than me, she was in front of me. All of a sudden Sanjana keeled over, a hand between her thigh as she bent forward in pain. Beneath her salwa which ended just below her ass (upper thigh) i saw a thin line of darkness trickling down her bright green tights, leaving a visible streak as it fell. Within a matter of seconds she quickly stood up and tried to regain her composure but couldn't, even with a dampening hand between her thighs.

Sanjana turned to me, tears in the corners of her eyes as she danced frantically in front of me, desperately clutching a patch of her kurti between her legs.

"Abhi Mujhe toilet chaiye!! Abhi!!"

I went up to her and patted her on the back, telling her we'd reach one soon. She shook her head vehemently and repeated "Abhi!!"

Suddenly her body tensed and she attempted to dart to a bush. I held her hand and told her that the forest is large and we could easily get seperated, and so she should stay with me.

For some reason, this idea made a lot of sense to Sanjana and she stayed where she was, albeit bouncing frantically while tearfully shouting and gesturing with her hand,

"TURN AROUND!!"

I did what I was told and within a second of my back facing her a loud concentrated splashing noise of her pent-up urine on the dust caked ground reached my ears. I turned ever so slightly, peeping over my shoulder and I saw her, back facing me as she squatted, ass fully bared.

She was holding her kurti up off the ground to keep it from getting piss on it. Her salwa was crumpled between her knees, showing off an all too moist pale yellow pair of panties.

Her dark brown ass was fully on display, from the crack on her lower back to the hairy tuft dripping between her legs as it shot a river of piss out of her. As she seemed to be standing up I quickly looked back and began to walk away. She never mentioned the incident again.

