I Had A Desperation Wetting Accident At The Student Advisor

Author: vikka

*000*2014-02-02 02:02

It was a lovely day in the middle of September 2009.

The sun was shining, balmy breezes were stroking my cheeks and fondling with my hair on my way to school.

I was in a cheerful mood and was singing the latest hits in a loud voice, causing people to turn and stare at me. In Sweden people usually are very gloomy and silent in the mornings and almost tend to be offended if anyone was breaking the pattern. But I was born and raised in France...

I and Lena had agreed, if the weather was fine, to go to a big park after school and have fun. By "fun" we included "Pee games" *giggle*! Little I knew what

"Pee game" I was to take part in... Anyway, I'd put two big bottles of Coca Cola in my pink rucksack.

We'd planned to become really desperate.

During the day Lena and I made a lot of plans of what we should do after school. We got quite aroused by the different scenarios, which we came up with.

Before our last class of the day Lena whispered in my ear, that her panties had become rather damp in the crotch. I whispered back, that so had mine too.

But during the last class I suddenly recalled, that I had an appointment after that class with the adviser to talk about programmes to choose for high school next year. I asked Lena to wait for me. We'd been drinking Coca Cola all the afternoon and now we emptied the last bottle before I went to the adviser.

I'd been to the adviser once before, but this time it was a new one. I was a bit surprised because she looked very young to be an adviser. She was also quite cute. She told that her name was Kerstin and asked me to sit down.

When we'd been talking for about fifteen minutes, I suddenly felt, that I had to pee. I had to pee really bad! I got up on my feet and stepped on the spot, jamming one hand in between my thighs, clenching my pussy to prevent the pee to come out. I cried:

"I'm going to pee! I can't stop it. I'm so sorry! I really can't!"

Kerstin grasped the situation immediately. She grabbed a wastebasket and ran around the desk and put the basket in front of me.

"So, now you can pee in this! Hold it between your legs..."

I hitched up my skirt, but before I managed to pull down my panties the first squirt of pee came. In a hurry I parted my legs and put the basket between them. In the next second my pee forced my panties and a strong stream hit the waste basket! Luckily the aim was right, not a drop landed outside the basket. I went on peeing like forever! I cried, tears rolled down my cheeks. I felt so totally humiliated! I thought that never I'd peed so much before in my life. I couldn't stop before I was completely emptied. I looked up to see how angry Kerstin was.

But she didn't look angry at all. On the contrary, I got the impression that she looked kind of fascinated.

When I was finished, Kerstin took the basket and put it behind a cupboard.

"I'll empty it later", she said. "Don't cry Victoria, you're not the first schoolgirl, who has had an accident. It happens! Now, let's go to the bathroom and give your panties a quick wash. I have a hairdryer so it won't take long before they'll  be dry."

In the bathroom I took off my panties and Kerstin took them and began to wash them.

"You can use this towel to wash yourself between your legs." She wetted a towel and handed it together with a piece of soup to me. I washed my pussy and I was very close to have an orgasm, when I did! I hadn't realized, that wetting my panties, while Kerstin saw me, had made me so aroused. My overwhelming feeling had been humiliation.

Kerstin was right, it wasn't long before my panties were dry. I put them on. Kerstin told that she had an other student in a couple of minutes. She assured me that she would not tell anyone about my wetting accident, and then I left.

Lena was waiting for me. I told her what had happened. I said, that I didn't feel to play our "Pee games" today. Maybe tomorrow...

*004*2014-02-05 21:26

@ Frosty: And you're such a sweet elder sister, who always makes me feel so good <3 <3 Kisses!!!

@ amberpee and Rain Grey: Thankyou!! you're making me so glad! :) :)

*006*2014-02-08 12:24

Hi Despfan , and thankyou so very much!

Btw. sometimes I think, that I must be really totally abnormal Always getting so turned on from wetting myself even if the situation is so humiliating. On my way home by the subway afterwards, all I was thinking of was the accident, and I got so aroused, that I started to shake. My whole body was trembling! I pulled up my skirt a little and pressed a hand in between my thighs. I had my rucksack in my lap and didn't think anyone would notice it. As soon as my hand reached upon my pussy, I got a strong orgasm. It felt like a shock! I gave away a muffled cry. People turned their heads in my direction. I pretended I'd got a cough attack and hoped, that nobody would suspect anything. I wasn't able to resist continue to rub my pussy. The rest of the trip I came repeatedly and also peed myself again. I really couldn't help myself...

*007*2014-02-12 17:33

Hi, it makes me so happy, that you like my stories! This one was the first in a long time but I hope to contribute more frequently again. At least I have a lot of experiences to write about !

*013*2014-03-19 00:24

Hi, I want to thank all of you, that I haven't thanked before! Thankyou!!! This was my first story since I came back, and I'm overwhelmed by the reception it has received!

@ notanonymous: Oh, I'm easy to please! But, of course, in your case you have a major disadvantage: You're a man, and I'm a lesbian! I'm so sorry... (Well, not that I'm a lesbian of course!) I guess, that you have to hope for a possible clone of me, that is straight!

