Anecdotes of my ex - Summer at the beach

Author: gus74

*000*2013-01-28 01:18

About a year after the last story, we were at the beach for the summer holidays. That holiday she peed herself for me twice and these are the stories.

One day we were taking a walk along the beach between the town we were staying and the next one (there are several small towns along the shore separated by a few miles one from the other). There were some people doing the same route, both directions, but not too many. Suddenly she tells me to stop, that she's gonna get in the sea a minute because she has to pee. I tell her to wait, while my brain runs... how can I use this situation??... looking around I see that there are just a few walkers, no one too close and no one staying in the sand, so I tell her "ok, you can pee and THEN go to the sea"

She replies "ok" with a smile and keeps walking. She's wearing a black one-piece swimsuit and a pareo (a piece of cloth worn wrapped around the body) on top of it, long to just above her knees. I try to look at her legs without being to obvious, taking a little distance, but nothing happened. She tells me "It's difficult to pee when you know that you shouldn't do it" and I reply "If you can't pee maybe you're not that desperate" but she says "no, now I'm doing it" and I look down and sure she was :), walking beside her I can see the streams of pee dancing down the inside of her legs as she walks. That's all I can see from where I am (I wish I could be one of the walkers and being just some steps behind us) but it's enough to give me a hard-on. After that she walked into the sea and let the water wash her legs and the crotch of her swimsuit.

The other wetting happened one night that we went to the movies. There she drank a large soda, and after the movie ended we left without her going to the toilet. A while ago I had told her that I wanted her to pee in public for me (or at least not at home). Even she had peed herself at the beach, I tough that maybe she was going to pee herself in the way to the house, since it was night we had to walk several blocks in a part of the town where there was almost no one in the streets. But she didn't seem to need to pee, and we arrived to the house without incidents. Once there I tried to get "romantic", but she stopped telling me that she first needed to go pee. The conversation when on something like this:

- Wait, I need to go to the toilet

- No, you can't

- Please, I have to pee

- And I don't let you go

- Come on, I don't want to wet myself

So I propose a challenge. We play a match of Boggle, if she wins she can go to the toilet, if I win, she can't...

I must say that even when she won me sometimes, I'm better than her at the game, so it was almost a sure bet. So we begin to play, and I take the lead. Meanwhile she's struggling to hold it while trying to find words, and I'm enjoying every minute. We are at what seems to be the last round, and I'm about to win, but I play it poorly and finish at only two or three points of the goal, with her about twenty points behind. She suffers seeing that there'll be another round, as I see her struggling to hold. In the final round I beat her by far, and finally win the game.

- What should I do know - she asks me, the desperation clear in her face.

- Let's go outside - and point to the door that leads to the garden.

As I take the camera, she begins to walk to that door, throw the kitchen, with her legs close together and walking with short steps. I get outside first and wait for her. She passes the gate and begins to slowly lose it, I can see a spot in her crotch and when she passes by me, walking to the grass, there's a wet spot growing down one of her legs. She gets to the grass and the floodgates open... and you can see what happened next:

Gus

