My Old/New Boyfriend Drove Me Home Tonight

Author: Inactive

*000*2015-01-24 02:40

Usually, my parents drive me home from the university. Today, however, my mom had to work, and my dad was supposed to pick me up. Unfortunately, he called me after school and said he couldn't pick me up because one of his close friends was involved in a car accident and had some injuries. My dad was going to stay with his friend at the hospital until late tonight.

Since I couldn't get a ride, I asked my ex-boyfriend/good friend Brian if he could give me one. He was also driving a couple of his friends home, so I wouldn't be able to get home until 4:30, which is about 45 minutes after I normally get home. That meant I was going to miss iCarly, but since it was no big deal as it was going to come on again in three hours, (I get both NickW and NickE) I accepted, and we got in his truck. (His other two friends rode in the truck bed)

I had not peed since that morning. Usually, i pee at lunch, but I didn't have time at lunch that day because I had to finish editing a video for a project which was due today. I didn't have any time to use the bathroom.

As we were heading down the road to drop off Friend #1, he started having problems when turning the vehicle. He continued driving until we got to Friend #1's house, and Friend #1's dad looked at it while we were there. Friend #1 offered us sodas, so I chose a Dr. Pepper, while Brian asked for a Mountain Dew. A can of soda was going to increase my desperation, but my slowly increasing desperation was turning me on so much and I wanted it to increase a little faster.

After his dad got the truck fixed, we got back on the road to drive Friend #2 home, which didn't take long. Finally, we were in the truck, by ourselves. I gave him directions to my house as the soda started hitting my bladder and I rose to a 7/10.

Brian and I were very close friends, I guess you could say we were friends with benefits because we sometimes talked about sex with each other, and sometimes had sexual role plays over Facebook chat. I knew he wouldn't mind if I masturbated in front of him, because the desperation was turning me on even more and I had to do something about it. I unbuttoned my jeans, reached my hand down my jeans, and began to rub. He had probably heard me moaning because he looked over, saw me rubbing, and smiled.

I knew I was turning him on, so I rubbed harder and moaned a little bit. I then slid my pants off and rubbed harder.

"You wanna scoot over so I can finger you?" he asked.

We had only ever did anything more than handjobs when role-playing over FB chat, and sometimes in class I discreetly put my hand on his crotch, and even rub it sometimes. He sometimes discreetly rubs my nipples, but he's never fingered me until today. I scooted right next to him, and held my legs open. I let out a soft moan as he began rubbing my pussy and then fingering me. I forgot all about my desperation as I held my head back moaning from the intense pleasure.

We finally got to my neighborhood, and I pulled my jeans back up. I then remembered my desperation, and I jumped to a 8/10, and started wiggling as we moved down the gravel road. The potholes in the road were not helping my desperation and I was squirming and crossing my legs to keep from peeing. He asked if I was okay, and I told him I really had to pee. He told me that I can go pee when we get home in a few minutes, and I told him that the desperation was really turning me on and I didn't want to use the bathroom just yet.

After he parked in the driveway, we went inside. I was really turned on, so I started kissing him. We sat down on the couch and began to strip each other while watching TV. I was doing the pee dance the whole time I was stripping, so it took a while to get my clothes off. After he had took his clothes off, I leaned forward and sucked on his cock. I had my legs crossed tight as we were both moaning; him from the pleasure, and me from the desperation. After a few minutes, we started making out again, and he began to finger me a second time. As he fingered me I could feel him pressing against my very full bladder and I was very close to peeing on his hand. He pulled his fingers out, and I stood up and started leaking. I crossed my legs and pressed them together, then I couldn't hold it anymore and grabbed a cup from the coffee table. I held it between my legs and tried to pee, but Brian was right in front of me therefore my bladder was quite shy.

I was only able to let out a few spurts due to my bladder being shy, then I put the cup down and dashed to the bathroom. I leaked a few times on my way to the bathroom, and, not bothering to close the door, sat on the toilet and let it out and ahhhhhhhhh.......sweet relief.

When I finished emptying my bladder, I went back to the living room, and we cuddled for a while before continuing to have "dirty fun". After I was done riding him during our sex session, he asked me if I wanted to be his girlfriend again, so I said yes. I was ecstatic to have gotten back together with him but also very satisfied that I had shared an awesome desperation experience with him.

After he had given me the best orgasm of my life, we hopped in the shower together. He knows I'm an Omorashi fetishist, so he did me a hot favor by giving me a golden shower...in the shower.

