1st time wetting the bed

Author: Sandra

*000*2011-06-20 06:31

BTW I was wearing sweat pants.

So I laid on my side with a couple towels under the sheet. I got really comfortable before I did it, in fact I could have fallen asleep from how cozy I was in that position. As I closed my eyes I just relaxed my bladder completely. At first it was just a couple squirts through my underwear, and then a small stream. Eventually I just kept flooding myself and I could feel the pee crawl down my thighs and under my side. It felt so good, like..I wish I could have peed longer. After that I didn't think that I had left much on the bed, but when I sat up, the pee sunk through all the towels and onto the mattress (that was kind of expected so I was fine with it). The puddle was small so no big deal. I just sprayed some fabric cleaner on it and flipped the mattress over on the other side. I looked at myself in the mirror and noticed that the pee had ran up part of my shirt as well, which was shocking because I didn't even feel it there. There was also some on the bottom of my pants.

It was a really good experience though. It didn't feel like I peed that much but I actually peed a lot. It was just so warm and comforting too. It kind of gave me that feeling of innocence *since children often wet the bed*, but it also made me feel a bit aroused at the same time. It produced an odd feeling, well..it's not bad I just never felt that way before.

And now I understand why some people have problems with bed wetting. Because it feels so good and it doesn't wake you from sleeping ><

*002*2011-06-20 07:08

Thank you, Maria-Sanza. I was actually thinking of writing a short story to post on here soon but I have yet to get the inspiration. I also like your avatar. ^_^

