Morning Wetting

Author: WarmPants

*000*2013-01-12 11:22

And so i am sitting in boxer shorts, soaked in my own pee juices at the moment.

How did i end up this way?

Woke up this morning with my hand inside my underwear stroking myself softly on my semi hard penis, seems they both woke up before i did. Once i came out my dreams, i realised what i was doing, which felt pleasant, but i stopped, as i had another feeling, i had the need to pee. So i continued to lie here on the sofa, in the foetus position, hands in my boxers, between my legs, enjoying the feeling of both sexual, and my bladder holding my load of pee which had been pressing to be set free.

I got myself up, and went to the toilet, but because i was still tired, instead of standing, i sat straight down on the seat, unintentionally forgetting to pull my boxer shorts down. I thought there and then, just to let go, sitting on the toilet and pee. Love it. The idea completeley took me over.

The past few weeks, i have really gotten into wearing my partners maxi pads (Fresh ones), because i love the soft feel of them curved against my skin. They are handy for preventing dribbles when going to pee, and also some of the games i tend to play with myself at home on a daily basis. So i have been wearing them regularly, mostly 2 or three nights at a time, with breaks during the day, wearing the same pad. As my preference is to sleep on the sofa at the moment, she doesnt know i have been wearing them, obviously.

I felt a rush shoot through me as i decided to let go on the toilet, there and then. After slight hesitation, in trying to start my flow, i felt, the initial tingy feeling in my penis pass over before slowly releasing the pee into my maxi pad, being soaked up by it, and spilling onto the skin of my bum cheeks, filling the gap betweeen them. I let go faster, as if standing as normal when peeing, normal release, but i could feel the pressure was too much for my pads to handle, as it stopped the flow becoming to much, as speedily as liquid does, finding its own place, splashing around inside my pad, spilling over into my boxer shorts, onto my inner thighs, i got a sudden fear as some started to travel along my leg.

I felt i was going to start dribbling on the floor, but, false alarm, it started to drip onto the toilet porcelain and into the water. Pee was seeping out of both sides of the pad now, as it filled up, soaking my shorts more and more, splashing into the toilet, with a loss of control of where the pee came from as it leaked out of my shorts, like an unconltrolable shower. Feeling oh so good inside at my naughty moment, feeling very wet with the hot feeling of the liquid soaking through my pad and my shorts, i could feel the drenched state of my underwear, as the remaining drops of pee dripped into the toilet, just like when a sudden heavy shower of rain eases of suddenly, as the remaining few drops fall from the sky.

I stood up and realised there was still a heavy load in my pad which was overflowing, dribbling down my legs and inner thighs, as i had a feel downstairs, soaking wet i was, pressing my hands into the pad, with only the wet cotton boxers preventing direct contact with it, squelching as it pushed against my cock, releasing more pee from the pad, my thighs and bum very wet from the sensation.

I sat back down on the seat, where i used both hands to feel the wreckage of the summer storm in my pants, rubbing around the areas that were soaked including my legs, using both hands to spread the remains around, and the feeling of the heavy drenched pad. I squeezed the pad to release and extra there was, as i couldnt walk back into the lounge dripping of pee, leaving a trail of by body juices, or could i? Nooo, dont do that might mess the carpet up. So i squeezed the remaining drops out, though still feeling pretty damn soaked, and stood up, and rather than take them off, i pulled up my shorts tight to me, adjusting the warm wet pad for full effect.

I dont know why it feels so amazing, but it does, i feel empowered, but vulnerable at the same time for fear of being caught as i gave my areas a nice soft stroke feeling how much i wet myself, rubbing round and around my legs. I quietly left the bathroom, and softly walked into the living room, quietly closing the door behind me. I realise i may not be able to sit down incase i soak wherever i sit, but thought about wearing some trousers on top, but in the end, the sofa is leather, so it will be an easy clean. So as i have been writing this, i have been sat on the sofa, inmy wet underwear, with the duvet on top, keeping the moisture warm and cozy.

Every so often, i put my hand between my legs to feel the warm wet feeling going on down there, having a little stroke, and every so often put my hands inside my boxers where i can feel the squishy soaked pad. When i lift the duvet each time to do this, i get the scent of myself which i can describe as sweet and fruity, which i like the scent of, gets me off from time to time, is this weird, dunno, but i do feel turned on by it as well as the whole experience. My plan is to sit here for as long as i can in this wet underwear, but my fear is, that, she will be out of bed soon, so do i risk trying to hide on the couch, or do i get changed and stay safe and hide my wet clothes???

Hope you enjoyed



