Deb Has To Pee As We Hike Up A Mountain

Author: wettingman

*000*2013-12-18 16:18

This occurred many years ago when my then wife Debbie and I were camping in the Adirondack Mountains, in New York State USA.

After breakfast which for me included a couple of mugs of coffee, orange juice, and her a tall glass of orange juice, we set out for a hike up a mountain offering a gorgeous vista of the land below. On the way we noticed a great deal on what turned out to be excellent firewood. We loaded the trunk to capacity with it.

The start point for our hike was about 10 miles from our campsite. By the time we were about to start I already needed to pee badly and decided to pee in the woods first. I asked Debbie if she wanted to join me but she said she did not need to go.

The hike up the mountain was uneventful. It took about 2 hours. We had lunch which included a 12 oz. soda each. After our meal, she seemed distracted and did not seem to be enjoying the view. I wanted to climb the old fire tower for a better look, but she kept rushing me. We had planned this for a long time so I asked her what was wrong. She finally admitted that she needed to pee badly; in fact she needed to go when I went, but did not want to go outside. I explained to her that it took 2 hours to get up here, so it would take another 2 hours to get back down, so she should just go off into the woods and go. There were no facilities up there and everybody had the same 4 hour walk so she would not be the only one doing it. But she said no, she would continue to hold it.

We started our long trek down the mountain. We were less than half way down when I noticed by the way she was walking that she was in trouble. She told me her bladder and pee hole hurt and her pee felt like it was going to come out. I again suggested she step off the trail and go but again the answer was no. She said she would continue to hold it until it came out. She would rather wet her pants if she could not hold it, than risk somebody seeing her with her pants down. One part of me of course found this exciting, but she was my wife and I did not want her to suffer or be publicly humiliated. I tried telling her that if she went off a bit, even if somebody happened by, and noticed her squatting down they would not see anything. So what if she had to pee it was better than everybody saw her in wet jeans. But it was to no avail.

We made it back to our car and she was sill dry but very desperate, not sure if she could make it back to camp. Her heart sank when we noticed we had a flat tire. She had been anticipating relief in 20 minutes or so. Now we had to unload all the wood we had bought earlier to get to the spare tire. Damn (or something like that) she said as she quickly grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs.

We quickly unloaded the wood so I could change the tire. As I did so she sat on a nearby log. Despite her desperation, the walk made her thirsty, so she drank some water. I looked over at her while changing the tire and she had her hand placed tightly between her legs and was rapidly moving her legs back and forth. She asked me to hurry because she was almost wetting her pants. I worked as quickly as possible, so that would not happen in public.

I finished up and we started back to camp. We had to stop at the supermarket for a few things, but she would not come in, because her pee felt like it would come out if she stood up. She sat in the car with her hand firmly holding her pussy and her legs squeezed tightly together.

We also stopped for gas. She wanted me to ask about restrooms, but this place just had a booth for the attendant, so I told her they didn’t. She begged me to ask anyway, because if I didn’t I would have a wet car seat, and since she had been holding it so long it would be a huge accident. However, having avoided a public incident I was having fun watching her struggle and did not care if the vinyl seat got peed on.

All the way back to camp she told me how badly she needed to pee, it was going to come out. She constantly held herself while squirming, trying to hold back the flood. A couple of times she made a sharp inhalation of breath and squeezed herself tighter, sitting upright in the seat. I looked hopefully over at her hoping to see a wet spot on her jeans. However, somehow she made it back to the campground dry. I deliberately drove past the restroom as she protested. Our campsite was at the end of the road at the very back of the campground. She jumped out of the car as soon as it stopped. She ran around back of our tent , bent forward grabbing her pussy.

I asked her evilly are you going to the restroom? As she disappeared behind our tent, starting to undo her pants, she said “No, I can’t, it is starting to come out”. I rushed to join her. She just started to squat and her pee was already gushing from her pee hole. I immediately became fully erect, despite my own urgent need to pee. I bent down myself in order to get a good view of her peeing outside for the first time. I also examined the nice wet spot in the crouch in her jeans. I was in heaven enjoying her peeing in the woods and somewhat wet pants.

Although it was her first experience in outdoors peeing, it was not her last, as she found it was not so bad, if assured privacy. For the rest of our time there we peed together behind the tent rather than go to the restroom.

Add on aside: I needed to pee almost 5 hours ago, but I held it while reading posts then doing other things around the house. Since I enjoy writing these stories when I need to go, I continued to hold it when I sat down to write this about 2 hours ago. It takes me a while. Now I can feel my bladder bulging with urine, full hard a rather painful. But I love it. Before I relieve myself I am going to shovel the snow. It could be tricky, I don't want to wet my pants. I just did the laundry.

