Well my pj's needed a wash anyways... (pics)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-10-27 14:54

I was having a really lazy day at the weekend as I do often, and was hanging about having a pj and attempt at studying day with my housemate. I can't remember if this happened saturday or Sunday, though I feel it was sunday.

I was wearing an oversized white top, grey panties with spongebob on (lol) and black/grey/pink plaid pj pants, and some random socks. Super comfy you know?

I was talking to a few people on here, Gobphus, Homeanddry, talking to my bf as well, and eventually managed to get myself into the shower. I took off my tshirt and socks, and then i thought, huh, I need to wash these pjs... maybe I can get away with a bit of omo fun?

I took a few gulps of water to wake up my bladder a bit, I had been desperate for a while but it had kind of gone to sleep, do you know what I mean?

Anyway, I stood in the shower and thought it would be awkward if I didn't have the water on, so I turned the shower on and aimed it away from me, incase my housemate thought I was being weird. I ran one of my hands under the water for a bit, and I was starting to cross my legs now, but I normally feel more desperate if I'm trying to achieve a task, so I leant over (so as not to get my pjs wet with water) and shampooed my hair.

That was quite difficult and I was stood with knees bent and feet facing towards each other in desperation. Once my hair was washed. I could put my hand between my legs!

All of a sudden my pee burst out of me! You can see a wet line down my leg here

Before I knew it another wave hit me, my crotch got dark, and I stood with my legs apart. In the next pic (blurry sorry) you can make out a stream falling to the floor lol

In the end I couldn't hold the rest much longer and it came out dampening most of my crotch and left leg, and a bit on my right leg!

Anyway, hope you enjoyed my story!

Thanks a lot

EQ x

*003*2015-10-27 16:07

{{: 

Nice job, EQ! Image 3 shows a glistening stream darkening the left leg of you PJs, and Image 4 shows a thin stream of wee heading for the floor. How did it feel to wet your pajamas like that? Did the hot pee linger enough in your gray panties for you to enjoy its heat? Thanks for sharing!

}}

Haha I love a good visible part! I enjoyed it but was a little worried about how long my shower was seeming to take!! Hopefully A didn't catch on.

{{: 

Yes, I did. Great Picts.

}}

Thank you wetset :P

*005*2015-10-27 18:37

{{ 

Amazing. I'd love to see videos at some point if you have an interest in making them :)

}}

I'm just sticking to pics for now, don't know videos seem a little intimate for me to share

*007*2015-10-27 22:00

{{ 

Fantastic, as always - thanks for sharing :-)

}}

How could I not share HaD?

*012*2015-11-07 21:06

{{ 

Another great story! I love that you always upload pictures with them, it really helps to visualize the story as you're reading it!

}}

Thank you so much! I have some pictures that i'm very proud of, my own little works of art haha

{{ 

Thanks for sharing I love your posts! Keep up the great work and wetting!

}}

Thank you! I've had a bit of time off of late! I'm too addicted to this to not get back on to it soon though :P

{{ 

You wrote another awesome story and of course pictures with descriptions. I love the it that you showed yourself grabbing your crotch, in desperation followed not only wet pj but a stream of pee flowing to the floor as well.

}}

Haha crotch grabbing is psychological, it doesn't do too much! I tried to not grab my crotch before and ended up lightly punching the wall or grabbing my foot or something instead! Yeah, I love a good stream as well!

{{ 

Love those pictures. And your pajamas are adorable... :)

}}

Thank you ever so much :)

*016*2015-11-11 09:37

{{ 

:D nice pictures!

I hope to see more

}}

You will the next time i've got a good slot of time to add some more stories :P

{{ 

Please don't discount the psychological effects of crotch grabbing. Approaching the door of your home with a full bladder causes the need to pee to increase significantly for many people ( including me). The same is true for running water. There is no physical reason for this but it happens just the same. It may be "all in your head", but the matter in your head controls your body.

}}

Yes i definitely feel both those, i don't discount it but i just cannot seem to help it! I find it quite interesting

