I Failed The Pee Challenge

Author: Minnie

*000*2014-01-27 21:49

So late last night I decided that when I woke up in the morning, I wasn't going to use the bathroom for as long as I could until I peed my pants. No one was going to be home all day so I was really excited for it. I slept for around 10 hours and woke up with a pretty full bladder. I avoided the bathroom and went around doing my own thing for around an hour. I poured myself a tall glass of juice and drank half of it. (I'd consider that around a cup. The full glass is about 2 cups.) I sat down on an old ugly couch I have that we're throwing away once we move anyways. (I wet on this couch all the time.) I pushed a cushion out of the way and sat in the under part of it wearing grey sweatpants. I opened something I found on here called the "pee challenge" which you can find here: 

%http://www.misterpoll.com/polls/522622

I started the challenge having to pee pretty badly. I was squirming a little where I was sitting and my bladder began to feel tight and sore. The challenge told me to drink two glasses of water. I had already drank half a tall glass, so I downed the other half. It told me to wait 30 minutes or score a certain amount in a game. I waited 30 minutes, then tried to score that amount in the game and couldn't do it after 30 minutes. Immediately after that, an ex of mine messaged me so I had to talk to him for about 20 minutes. I finally came back to the poll. I was really desperate now and I had to hold myself occasionally to stop any pee from spurting out.

There was another challenge with a link to a 10 minute YouTube video of the sound of rain. The last time I did this challenge, that's what finally made me wet. So I skipped it. There was another challenge for you to relax your bladder and muscles for 30 seconds and you can't hold yourself. I did it, and just as I hit 30, I almost started peeing, but I grabbed myself just in time. It told me to drink another two glasses of water, and then repeat one of the previous 5 challenges. So I chugged back two glasses of juice, and relaxed everything for another 30 seconds. Again, I almost started peeling right at the end, but I stopped myself.

Now here's the interesting part. There came a challenge that requested I wait another 30 minutes, while firmly pressing on my bladder for 10 seconds every 5 minutes. My bladder was almost bursting at that point and I knew I wouldn't make it through the challenge. I set alarms every 5 minutes for 30 minutes. The first 10 minutes came by and every time I pressed on my belly, I became closer and closer to losing it all. After 13 minutes of desperately holding myself, I couldn't hold back any more and I peed through my fingers, all into my pants and on the couch. I couldn't stop it, it just came flooding out of me.

So now I'm sitting here in my wet mess. I've waited until I have to pee again and then I'll pee right where I am. And I do have to pee, so I think I will. I'm peeing in my pants right now and it feels amazing.

*006*2014-01-30 20:41

{{ 

I must try this soon! Do you suppose to up the ante it would be worth doing this in front of the toilet, refusing yourself the opportunity to use it?

}}

I think that'd be a great idea! It might even be part of the quiz but I honestly wouldn't know. I've never made it that far lol

