An Eventful Night and Morning

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-04-14 14:35

So, the other night, me and Daniel were getting a little hot and heavy, as we are prone to do considering I am all but insatiable. I've been a little pickier lately, not really knowing what I want to get me off, and though things have done the trick, nothing has really blown me away. But for whatever reason, the night before last, something really simple worked really well for me, to the point that it felt like our first date again, back when something so simple worked so well because it was so new. Long story short, he just played with my nipples a lot and it drove me crazy. I'm talking orgasm after orgasm after orgasm, until suddenly...

I thoroughly and completely pissed myself, soaking my sheets. I didn't even know I had to, so it came as quite the shock and made things super fun for us both. It was my first genuine wetting in our relationship. Nothing staged or anything.

Of course, I was thirsty after all the playing and whatnot, so I did have something to drink before going to sleep, and woke up somewhat desperate. We played a bit more and this got me incredibly desperate, so I got up to go to the bathroom. I think he thought I was faking a little, cos I do always act super desperate for him, because he kept slowing me down and talking to me, until I started to wet myself on the bathroom floor. I immediately got in the shower and finished up so he could watch, but yeah. Two genuine accidents in a 24 hour period! It was pretty fantastic.

*004*2015-04-16 02:48

{{ 

Needless to say, it was an excellent night followed by a superb morning! You're the absolute best my love!

}}

I know I am. I know I am.

*007*2015-04-16 21:22

{{ 

Sexual peeing or accidental peeing during pleasure is always so sexy

}}

I sometimes wish Daniel didn't know how into it I was, because I think it would be pretty nice to get him super desperate, and then somehow cause him to wet while we were messing around because he didn't want to leave/was too shy to say anything while I was all over him. But he's not shy enough and I've never kept my fetishes a secret from him.

