Wet After Birthday

Author: Luna Love

*000*2014-11-16 07:39

Hello everyone ^-^ it's me Luna and it's been quite a long time since I last shared anything, or contributed to this section. I like to start off by saying I'm going to try and start up my own Fictional Omo story again. This one I Pinky promise I'll actually update :P. Not sure when I'll be posting it. All I can tell you guys is it'll be posted with in the next month time period. Oh, also this experience really is not all about me, but also my GF Avary so enjoy :).

Alright, now to the actual reason I made this post. It's to share a little fun that happened on my birthday last month on October 3rd ( I know really late sharing this :P ). So, for my birthday was on a Friday which was perfect to celebrate with Avary. We did something that neither of us really do, we decided to go out to a bar and drink a little. I personally don't like to drink much, it's not that I don't like beer or liquor its more of I don't like hangovers and such. Anyway, we brought along our other friend Alexis, who would be our designated driver, since you know me and Avary didn't know how drunk or tipsy we be after leaving.

So, we start off on our adventure to the bar by Alexis picking us up at my home I was wearing a pair of skinny jeans, and so was Avary. We got to the bar after a short ride, and all three of us girls got a seat and ordered a drink, I got a simple beer, not sure what brand and so did Avary, Alexis got a coke since she does not drink at all. We chatted for a little while, ordered some hot wings and ate. Eventually me and Avary finished out first drink, and got the same thing for 2nd beverage of the night. After finishing off the second drink I just got some kind of fancy mixture of liquor, while Avary got the same as the last two. So, you can see where this was going although for me I stopped after the liquor mixture, as I felt a little tipsy and didn't wanna be full out drunk.

Still, for Avary for such a little gal she could take her alcohol pretty well, I still could tell after she finished a 4th drink she was pretty well close to drunk. Thankfully she must have had some kind of sense left in her and said we should leave and head home. So we slowly walked to Alexis's car and she drove us home. As for me I don't know about Avary I felt a pretty noticeable need to pee as we left the bar.

We got home around 11:30 at night and I did have to pee pretty badly and after saying goodnight to Alexis, I took Avary's hand and helped her up to bed, while helping her up the stairs, she all of a sudden shoved her hand down to her crotch, and yelped a little, I saw her blush as I looked down and saw a small puddle form under he ass. She had not fully wet her self as she got control after a few second. She then got up and speed walked the best she could in her basically drunk state to the bathroom. All the way with her hand in her crotch she finally got to the bathroom door, and froze as she tried to open it. That was it for her, I heard the hissing sound of piss hitting her jeans and streaming down her legs into a puddle on the floor.

I walked over to Avary who gave me a weak smile and said “Whoopsie” I just giggled and gave her a kiss on the cheek. At this point I had forgotten my need to pee, as I helped Avary change and get cleaned up. I was exhausted and passed out onto the bed with Avary still with a full bladder not realizing it. Somehow I woke up not to a wet bed but a small headache, but a even worse pain in my bladder. I pushed my hands down to my crotch, I felt a small leak and warmth as my bladder contracted slightly. I was in a bad state, I sat there unable to move, trying to think of a way to make it to the bathroom on time. I quickly tried to sit up, bad idea my bladder spasmed and a stream let lose for a small period warming crotch and wetting my hands slightly.

I started to stand up slowly, and started to walk towards the bathroom. With each step I took, I leaked a small amount into my cupped hands around my crotch. I finally reached the bathroom door to hear the shower on and Avary inside. My heart stopped and I just couldn't last any longer. My bladder just aborted all attempts of holding on, I slide down the door, and lost all control, I felt the warm piss flood out in a forceful stream, it formed a puddle around my butt, I sat there unable to stop the flow as it went on for like a eternity, it felt amazing letting it all go. 

I finally finished peeing, and sat in my puddle waiting for Avary to exit the bathroom. I won't lie while sitting there in my puddle I couldn't help but play rubbing my soaked crotch rewarming it with my puddle. Avary exited the bathroom and looked down at me, and keeled down and said “ You know that a nice little puddle you got there” as she kissed me and she got on top of me and for less attention to detail we made out in my pee puddle. *blush*

Well, I hope you guys enjoyed my little story and have a wonderful day :D

