My First Time

Author: WaityKaty

*000*2015-06-24 14:22

Years ago, when I was eighteen, I had been dating my first real boyfriend for maybe nine months and we had been inching our way closer to having sex for quite a while. It would be the first time for both of us.

We had been out to see some band at the university bar and when we got back to my parent's place I had led him straight through to my bedroom. And my bed. I was nervous. We hadn't discussed anything because we were eighteen and bad at awkward conversations.

As we lay there on my bed, making out, I felt like I needed to pee. I really should have just got up right then, but I didn't want to risk ruining the mood. Or to chicken out.

So we kept fooling around for... probably quite a while. But who knows really. I wasn't having a great time because I was so nervous. Eventually I worked up the nerve to take my shirt off, which I hadn't done with him before. Previous it had only been hands up inside the shirt. And now I really needed to pee. Except if I got up now I'd need to put my shirt back on in case I ran into someone on the way to the bathroom, and putting my shirt back on would look like I was slowing things down. And that was the exact opposite of the plan.

Bit by bit we removed each others clothes and it became inevitable that it was finally going to happen. I remember thinking three things kind of all at one as I guided him into me. "So this is what it feels like", "I'm not going to die a virgin", and "please don't let me pee myself."

Because now that he was inside and on top of me I could feel his weight pressing against my bladder with each thrust. It wasn't painful or anything, which was a bit surprising, but I just really felt like I was about to wet myself.

And I did. I could feel myself leaking in little fits and starts and the sheets under my bum getting wet. I was panicking that he was going to feel it and be disgusted by me. But he didn't seem to. After he came in me, apologetically, I whisked us out of bed and made sure my blankets covered the spot where I'd been lying and had peed myself before he could notice.

I was probably behaving strangely but I doubt he had any idea what to expect from me anyway. I sent him to the TV room and went to the bathroom to clean myself up. I finished peeing but there wasn't much still in me.

We hung out for a little while on the couch but it was a bit awkward. I'm not sure either of us really knew how to act, or what we were supposed to do. So after a bit he went home and I went through to my bedroom to deal with soaking sheets. But... they weren't really all that wet. They were a bit wet, I did definitely pee on them some, but nowhere near as much as I had been expecting.

So I don't really have a great explanation. I guess I was just nervous and even though my bladder wasn't full, convinced myself that I was going to pee, so I did.

We broke up at the end of that summer, distance. But we were still friends and a few years later after we'd had a few drinks I asked him if he had realised that I'd peed that first time. He said he didn't, and I believe that, but that he wouldn't have minded.

*002*2015-06-27 15:57

Thanks Rachel. :) It's nice to know that I'm not the only one with a first-time story like that. It's not a story I've ever been comfortable sharing in real life, except for the mentioned confession, which I really only made to try to stop overanalysing that relationship. But yeah, everyone seems to have a sucky first-time story of one stripe or another!

*006*2015-06-30 11:25

I'd recommend talking about it with future guy, as easy as that is for me to say, because as hard as that is. Sex is a lot less nerve wracking if you are confident that you and your partner are on the same page. And in my experience even guys who aren't into pee related things will still be pretty cool about you being into it as long as they are the kind of guys who you would really want to have sex with in the first place.

