I love my friend!

Author: Peepantsgirl1

*000*2015-11-16 19:54

Anyway I'd gotten to know someone who lives across from me and we are really good friends...* So i was round hers one night just chillin' and got some alcohol out :P. Some other of my friends have said they are on their way and we were gonna have a bit of a girly night I think i better point out what im wearing and stuff... So I was wearing a red blouse and a pair of dark skinny jeans with some cotton panties underneath . How wet those panties were gonna get :O

At around about 8:00 the other people came round and we all had a bit to drink. I didn't get too tipsy I don't really ever get carried away so after a couple glasses of wine I decided to change to coke/energy drinks- yeah i'm stocked with energy drinks! After 9:00 my bladder started to feel slightly uncomfortable but I was wearing a belt so I just presumed it was just a bit too tight...

At 10:00 everyone went home apart from my really good friend. Anyway my need to pee had increased a lot but it wasn't overly worrying. My friend wanted to go get some food from a tesco which she didn't even know where it exactly was and we couldn't drive anywhere because we had had too much alcohol but we were hungry so guess what... we went... wow I was so stupid.

So after around 30 minutes of looking around for this tesco (WHICH I SWEAR WAS HIDING FROM US!) my need to pee was bad my legs were tight together and i was slowly bending over. I didn't take long for my friend to notice that and I was in trouble

"You okay there?" she asked

"I'm fine but were is this f**king tesco?" I said trying to change the subject

"Trust me it's here somewhere..."

"Stacey you said it was ten minutes away we've been looking for 30 minutes!" I said

"Well we might be a tad lost..." *laughs* (< – I'm really not finding this funny)

So great... I'm basically doomed. After 10 minutes or so I had my hand jammed in to my crotch. Every step was agony. My friend suddenly stopped and i gasped as i fell into the back of her. I let out a big squirt of pee- i felt a wetness on my hand.

"You ok?" My friend asked (I'm going to stop calling her friend xD)

"Fine."

"Izzy you look like your gonna die.." she said

"I really need to pee Stace I don't think I've got long left!"

"Is it bad?" Stacy asked

"I'm leaking and I don't think i can hold it!" I said

Stacy looked concerned. "Lets keep moving!"

In the space of 5 minutes I started to spurt again and again. Every step.

"STACE I CANT TAKE ANOTHER STEP!" I cried

"what?"

"I think i'm going to piss myself..." I began to cry a little

Stacey ran over to me and crouched down to my level because i was basically crouching so far forward my face could touch the ground.

"It's okay Izzy," Stacey said

With every sob it shook my body and i started leaking... a constant leaking and then.. HISSSSSSSSSSS a flow of golden pee ran down my jeans and overfilled my boots. It went around my ass and a puddle formed underneath me. HISSSSS the flow kept going and a waterfall was coming out of my jeans my hand was soaked and the puddle that had formed was huge. The warmth was so nice but I was crying like a little girl.

"Izzy... its okay honey it happens to us all."

She pulled me into a hug and didn't even mind that I was soaked in piss.

"I'm such an idiot who can't even control their own bladder." I sobbed

"no... no..." She replied calmly. Now what happens next was so unexpected... She kissed me... I kissed her back there I was standing in my wet jeans while a girl kisses. She broke away and whispered, "It's kinda cute." At this point in my head I was like: HOLY SHIT DOES SHE SHARE MY FETISH THIS IS A DREAM COME TRUE OMG!!!!

So yeah this happened in October some time and now we are in a relationship. Ive told her about my fetish and she says she thinks it's kinda sexy!!! :O So yeah I think she will become an omo fan!!!

Love you all

Izzy xx

*005*2015-11-17 17:24

Thank you everyone for the support

*009*2015-11-18 16:18

{{ 

This is a hot ass story! Congratulations to you, is your relationship serious right now?

}}

Well if you mean sex.... well...

