An adventurous game

Author: Yuuishii2

*000*2012-06-14 00:47

It's summer, 30 degrees, and my year is going on vacation. I'm 15 years old and at the height of my experimentation. What a time this was.

Living as I do in sunny Melbourne, there are a whole plethora of places to which we could go, but leave it to the state system to pick the one we're all least likely to enjoy: a small team-building type site in what seems like the middle of the outback. Well, needless to say, obstacle or no obstacle I was going to have some fun.

The coach journey was set to take about ten hours through the night to where we were staying, and so we all ate before we left: I drank a fair amount, this being midsummer, so I was already building up as we pulled away. I was determined that this would be my own little adventure trip.

A quarter of the way there and we're already having to stop every ten miles for someone else to dash off, returning occasionally with wet spots or an entirely different pair of trousers; this naturally piqued my interest, but noone seemed willing to tell. It's now about four hours in, and my desperation is spiking; should anyone have looked at the tall, slight girl in one corner of the bus, they'd have seen a sight indeed as I pressed my hand into my crotch through my skirt discretely under my hat~

About five hours in and I couldn't viably hold it. Suddenly, a gentle dribble leaks through, beading on the cotton and gradually spreading. I look around worriedly, but the coach is silent and no-one appears to have seen. I started letting out small squirts, just enough to dampen my crotch slightly. Most people were asleep by now, so I was more or less free to do as I pleased. Squirt, pause, breath, gently rub crotch for wetness waterline, repeat... I was definitely getting a bit excited by this point ;) My dribbles became longer and longer, until it was trickling out of me in a steady stream. Gradually, I released my pee into the seat until I was sitting comfortably in a warm puddle about an inch deep, with my skirt hiked up around my waist and my hand gently teasing around down there. I was getting wet for more than one reason by this point~ The person next to me barely stirred all the way through this, thankfully, or I could have been cut short rather early^^

I think I fell asleep at that point, and woke up to see several concerned faces peering across at me. I looked bemusedly down.

Shit! My skirt is still around my belly, and there's a fairly obvious stain. I look around, face beet-red, and gape like a decked fish.

"I-I don't-"

"It's ok," one of them smiles, "The teacher knows and he's told the driver-we're stopping soon." She looks at me sadly. "I don't blame you for peeing in your sleep, I need to go pretty bad as well!"

Crises averted-for now. The fun's just beginning.

I hope you're enjoying this so far! There's more to come if you want it~

