My first public planned wetting!

Author: Beatrix

*000*2012-06-08 16:22

Heya everyone, it's not often I get a chance to post about my experiences but this is something I did on Monday and I'm really proud for doing so!

I decided that I would go into the woods just up the road from me and wee myself. I did it just after midnight so I wouldn't be seen (taking baby steps with this idea) so at least I knew I could have the confidence to do it again one day ;)

I wore on the night my black hoodie, a white t-shirt, my blue bra, my denim miniskirt, black leggings, simple black shoes, and my bright pink knickers underneath. I started at around 11pm by drinking water, hoping that my bladder would be full enough by the time I got to the woods. Thankfully by midnight my bladder was getting full - not bursting full, but full enough for a decent wetting :)

I set off shotrly after midnight into the rain and wandered up the road. Unfortunately it wasn't a desperate walk as the water was being a bit slow going through me, but I still had a few minutes to get there so at least I would be a bit fuller by then. Sadly, I only saw one person the entire time I was out, but I also wasn't sure how noticable the wetness would be afterwards due to the clothes I wore and the rain.

As I got to the edge of the woods I realised just how dark outside it really was as I could barely see a thing! I wandered up the path and into a small clearing in the woods where I wouldn't easily be seen, yet I could still see if anyone was nearby. At that time of night, I was hoping at least for my first attempt I would be alone.

I turned around and stood with my legs tightly closed, as Gemmy had wanted me to :) And even though I should have been nervous, I wasn't at all - my wee started flowing out of me with no problem, despite not being bursting like I had hoped. Even still, it was a cool night and with the rain making my legs cold the warm wee flowing down my legs and covering them in warmth was amazing~! I had contemplated cumming as well but I didn't want to keep Gemmy waiting too long.

As I finished my lengthy wee, I set off back home. I couldn't really inspect how wet I was in the dark, so I walked back (without being spotted) and got in - and realised just how much I had wee'd!

My leggings were soaked down my left leg, my bum covered in wee and getting the back of my skirt wet :3 I had wee in my shoes, and after pulling down my leggings and skirt my knickers were soaked through front and back, the wee still dripping slightly from my crotch.

I'm happy to say that I LOVED my first public planned wetting! :D I hope to do another one soon, and hopefully I'll be more bursting and more people will see!

I hope you all enjoyed sweeties, I'll start posting more stories soon :) xxxxx

*010*2012-06-09 18:01

{{:

That was brilliant baby <3....i liked the mention of my part in the planning of it :D xxx

}}

Hee hee, you're the reason why I did it baby :3 I would never have had the belief I could have without you <3 xxx

