The best damn desperate moment

Author: Cool bro

*000*2012-04-04 20:23

I had no idea what category to put this in because it was a dream. So i just placed it here, so I hope you all like it anyway even if it is misplaced. I found all the stories I had written in my past, this one being my third and last story. Don't worry though i still have a ton more i could write about when i get enough free time.

I'm going to start off by saying this. It was the most realistic dream that I have ever had.

Well in the dream, there were three girls and me in one room, with no bathrooms. There was one door, but locked from the outside. Just for the sake of it I'll call these girls Nicole, Kelly, and Brianna. Nicole is a hot blonde, skinny. Nicole is wearing light blue jeans. Kelly is a light brown brunette, also skinny, green eyes, the hottest of them all, She is wearing a mid color blue skirt. Brianna is a dark haired brunette, brown eyes, shortish, but still hot and skinny, she is wearing purple tights. All of them are say... 18.

Anyway, They all had to pee already in the room, I had the only key to the door, i told them if they want to get out, they have to hold it until the last person, figuring it'd be pretty hot. Well 2 hours in they are all extremely desperate. Nicole keeps thigh squeezing and bending over desperately, Brianna is holding her crotch with two hands, and moving her legs, and Kelly is standing there with really crossed legs. Another hour later all of them are to the bursting point. Nicole's thigh squeezes become longer every time, and eventually she starts to turn a little red.

She has both hands on her crotch, but can't seem to stop her desperation. She starts sighing gasping and moaning, her hands pressed so tightly on her crotch, she bends over out of desperation and leaks into her pants. She keeps saying, "oh, PLEASE NO, oh no no oh no." Before she ends up completely peeing herself, it drips everywhere all down her pants socks panties and all. She ends up just sitting on the only one bench available to her in her soaked jeans. She is the first to pee herself.

The competition thereafter heats up. Brianna keeps holding her crotch with two hands and her dancing keeps becoming more and more sporadic. Kelly is attempting to avoid her crotch and hide her true desperation, but her bulging bladder already speaks for her and her tightly crossed legs. The expression on their faces is pure desperation and neither wants to be the one who goes first. Brianna keeps moving her butt up and down holding it with two hands and dancing about with what seems a panicked expression and quicker movements. Kelly can't hold back the urge to hold her crotch and sticks one hand on it and starts walking back and forth, occasionally stopping abruptly and crossing her legs with her hand there. Brianna starts bending over, her expression is so desperate she's bursting, and Kelly's is no better.

Brianna moves as quick as possible from one foot to the next, as if running in place, both hands on her crotch and bending over 10 times a minutes. She bends over and puts both hands on her crotch, crosses her legs, and bobs up and down, she says to herself ," i can't hold it, oh no I RLY CAN'T HOLD IT," she bends over again, both hands on her crotch she's moving her legs back and forth so quickly, she jumps 3 times, bends over and gasps, then she moves her feet one last time, gasps even louder, and pee just starts coming out everywhere, all over her tights which would come to outline the reflection of her baby blue colored panties, and make a huge puddle on the floor, she then also sits down.

Kelly proceeds to keep her one hand on her crotch, and looks at me saying, " won can i please go to the bathroom." I say to her, you forgot there are four people in the room, I have to go too, but not bad at all, looks like i'll be the one to actually make it. She says, "no I'll beat you i just have to." She starts to pace again even quicker than before, with a more panicked expression knowing I'm in the contest. She bends over, and sticks both hands on her crotch, gets back up and continues pacing back and forth with one hand on her crotch.

About thirty minutes later, her pacing becomes quick footed, she keeps pulling up on her skirt, and keeps her one hand on her crotch, which looks to be holding as hard as she possibly can. She bends over in place, both hands on her crotch, crossed legs, and squeezes as hard as she can. Continues to pace, even faster this time, panicking and she looks at me and says, "may I please use the bathroom I can't take this." I say no and she continues even more panicked pacing about.

She bends over three more times, then asks again louder, " Please I really need to go just open the door!" I say fine, get up and proceed to open the door, turning the lock as slow as possible. I see her behind me bend over both hands squeezed over her crotch her head looking down, her legs crossed, and her skirt unbuttoned, revealing her cotton orange panties, And says in a high pitch, " Please hurry up!" 

I get the door open, and back away for her to get by, she keeps her thighs together until the door one hand on her crotch, bends over puts both hands on, and gasps once as her butt goes down to try and stop the flow of pee bursting through the seems of her overworked bladder, and a tiny and quick little stream goes to the floor, then stops as quick as it happened, she says,"oh god no please don't do this," walks two more steps and puts her butt down again still in the same position, and pees such a long stream. She turns to me and says she lost, all red in her face, and proceeds to sit down orange panties soaked.

Then my dream ends.

Hope you all enjoyed.

