First accident I`ve witnessed

Author: CamiLikesCupcakes

*000*2012-07-19 04:07

Aside from preschool, when wetting accidents were almost a daily occurrence, the first time I've witnessed someone wet themselves was during freshman year of high school. I was 14 at the time, and was just beginning to explore my sexuality and realize that I had a fetish for pants-wetting. I mostly stuck to omorashi fanfiction at this time, but this experience made me realize how arousing watching a guy wet himself can be.

This event took place in the two-hour block of Biology and Health class. It was the longest class of the day, and was taught by the grouchiest teacher. It was the worst two hours of my day, but there was one good thing about this class; I had a really cute guy sitting in front of me. He was the loud, cocky, "popular" type of guy and wasn't exactly the brightest crayon in the box, but I was at the age where I didn't care. He was tall for his age, athletic, and he had nice hair, and that was enough to make me, along with many other girls in my grade, have a crush on him.

We usually had an hour of Biology class, a five minute break to use the restroom and get things out of our lockers, and then another hour of Health class. That day we did a lab in Biology, and Mrs. Grouchy got mad at Mr. Popular for messing around and spilling some of his Mountain Dew on the lab table, which contributed to the mess he'd already made of paper scraps and unwashed lab equiptment. During the 5 minute break between classes, she made him stay in the lab and clean up his mess.

When I came back from the break, I saw that he was still at the lab table, cleaning up his mess. The bell rang and he went to his desk, turning around in his chair. "The teacher is a bitch for making me stay. I need to pee." he commented to me. I was a bit worried about him, since our teacher was strict about bathroom breaks. He then proceeded to ask if he could have a drink of my Pepsi, so I figured that he must not have had to go too badly.

The teacher announced that she was going to the office to make copies of an article, and told us to stay in our seats and begin the daily reading assignment. As soon as she left the room, Mr. Popular got out of his seat and hid under the teacher's desk. He announced that he was going to scare the crap out of the teacher when she came back, and that we should be quiet and act like he wasn't there. Nobody listened to his instructions to be quiet and stared at the desk laughing, and he kept peeking his head out, laughing hysterically every time he did so. He was cracking up; laughing so much that he probably couldn't breathe. 

The teacher came back and everyone looked away from the desk and tried to stop laughing. She walked to her desk and screamed, shocking the whole class. She pulled the guy to his feet and started yelling at him, and the whole class crowded around them to see what was going on. I gasped when I saw that the guy's pants were wet and glistening from his crotch to his knees. He'd laughed so hard that he'd wet his pants! The teacher continued to scream at him forever about how he'd gotten urine on the floor, and how she was going to tell the principal...for a Biology and Health class teacher, she made a huge fuss over a little bit of pee. She yelled at the class to go back to their seats, and eventually sent the guy back to his seat, making him stand for for the rest of the class because she didn't want him to get the chair wet.

He stood in front of me for the rest of the hour, and I got a full view of his wet jeans clinging to his toned ass and thighs and got to breathe in the scent of his urine. After class, I congratulated him on "wetting off" a mean teacher that nobody liked, then asked him if he'd peed under her desk on purpose, or if it had been an accident. He kind of laughed and told me that I'd have to buy him candy from the vending machine if I wanted to know.

I never did find out if it was an accident or on purpose, but I do remember going home after school that day, locking myself in my room, and having one of the best orgasms of my young life while fantasizing about him wetting his jeans.

*002*2012-07-19 04:48

{{ 

Why didn't you find out if it was accidental or intentional?

}}

He would never tell me. D:

*004*2012-07-19 05:00

{{ 

So, did you buy him the candy bar, and he still wouldn't tell you? If so, that was lame on his part.

}}

Naw, that would have made me seem creepy, and I didn't have money with me that day. I did share some M&M's with him the next day, because he always turned around and begged me for food anyway. But after devouring a quarter of the bag, he announced that he "liked the peanut M&Ms better" and still wouldn't tell me.

But I like to think that he did have an accident and was just too embarrassed to admit it.

*007*2012-07-19 05:14

{{ 

Unless he was one of those crazy class clown types, I have a hard time imaginine anyone would intentionally wet their pants during class in high school, even if it was to get back at a mean teacher.

Pee on their desk maybe, but not wet their pants...

}}

He was definitely a huge class clown. But maybe it really was an accident...perhaps he lost control while he was laughing. As I said, I never found out, unfortunately.

{{ 

It sure sounded like an accident to me--I mean, those can easily happen when laughing so much, haha. I guess either way, it doesn't matter, since you had such a great orgasm from the experience !

}}

Mmm, yes...even typing about the experience and playing the memory over in my head is super hot~

