My First Experience

Author: Trev

*000*2012-10-28 21:35

I touched on this topic in my introduction. There was some interest in hearing more, so I thought I would post more details about the first time that I saw a woman wet herself.

I was about 12 and was at Taco John's restaurant with my church youth group. A group of drunk girls came in, and I noticed them immediately. They were gorgeous and, being drunk, they were loud and giggly. At the time they were so much older than me that I just thought of them as grown-ups. But over the years I've realized that they were closer to my age than I had originally guessed. Most likely they were just in college, or perhaps high school seniors.

After getting their food they sat down at a booth near us. I was happy that they sat in a booth that was positioned right in my field of view so I could check them out while still basically looking forward, instead of needing to be obvious and crank my head around to see them. Yeah, I was already fascinated by hot girls even at that age.

As they ate, and talked loudly, I noticed that one of the girls was putting her hands between her legs and squeezing her legs together. I was young enough that I had no idea about Desperation or Wetting fetishes. But I was old enough to know that it was a huge turn-on to see a girl with her hand in her crotch. At that point it didn't even really dawn on me *why* she had her hand in her crotch, I just knew that a real girl was sitting in front of me with her hand in her crotch and I was about to explode in my underwear right then and there.

Then she stood up and started to walk to the bathroom. She was giggling and said something about needing to pee really bad. She took a couple of steps towards the bathroom, but she was unsteady on her feet and she stopped to lean against a table. Then she turned back towards us and looked down at her pants. She stood there facing me, still with a hand grabbing her crotch. She bent her knees slightly and suddenly I could see her pee start to darken her light (stone washed) jeans!

I sat there, openly gaping at her. The pee soaked her crotch area, the insides of her thighs, and then soon it darkened the bottoms of her jeans and pooled on the floor. She just stood there, touching herself as she soaked, and she watched it happen. Her friends erupted with laughter and they all started shouting and squealing.

Then she sat down like nothing happened. There was some chaos at her table with her friends laughing, and the girl next to her trying to push her out of her seat.

At the time I had no idea how much that incident would influence my fetish desires for the rest of my life. I had just watched some hot girl wet herself, and I experienced my first ejaculation in front of other people (but I don't think I even touched myself). If anyone in my group knew how it affected me, no one said anything. I am guessing they were too engrossed in the show to pay me any heed. Our youth group leader said it was time to leave soon after that, thus ending the hottest experience of my life up until that point.

