Starting the Year being Wet

Author: mistyomo

*000*2016-01-04 15:58

New Year's Eve

First of all, I drank a LOT today. Yes I know, underage drinking blah blah but that's not the point! (I don't do it often at all)

I peed a LOOT as well, quite more than I drank it seemed. That didn't matter though, because the next morning....

New Year's Day

....I was completely full. So full that I could barely move at the risk of letting it all go.

I grabbed a towel and headed to the bathroom, I had planned to take a shower to ease my hangover some. Then I thought "I'm about to take a shower...why not have a little fun?"

So I went and grabbed another towel (we have a lot of towels!), but this one had a special purpose. I went back to my bedroom as it was warm compared to the cold bathroom. I put the towel in my chair and sat down. Then I began looking at Omo videos on different sites.

After a few minutes, I was not only on the edge of exploding, but aroused too. Little by little, my control started slipping and the first small leak came out. I moaned out in pleasure as the warmth overwhelmed me. Then a little more, followed by small squeaks and grabbing myself.

Then I decided it was time to let loose, and so I did. Everything was wet and warm and the best part about it, since I had peed so much the night before, it was clear and had no smell! I rubbed through my pants as I let every last drop out, shaking and moaning softly.

Now I didn't have the energy to actually masturbate because of the hangover, so the rest was just me taking a shower and complaining about a headache.

It was a pretty good experience, and definitely better to do it in the comfort of my own bedroom! I know I said in my last experience that I wouldn't be able to do this very often but I don't see why I can't to be honest. I wash my own clothes and have more privacy than I could ever ask for. And with you guys encouraging me, it's hard to not do it :)

P.S. I actually licked my hand after having it between my legs. I don't like the smell(unless its light) or the taste, but since it was clear, it had no taste. I did it a few times and it may be weird but I really liked it.

*002*2016-01-04 16:09

Oh that technicality XD I was rubbing to spread the pee out honestly but you're right :)

And no, thank you!

