ANOTHER High School Wetting?!?

Author: WhiteFire

*000*2011-02-28 21:42

Do you remember my last post about that girl who wet herself in my science class?

Yeah, SOMEONE ELSE WET THEMSELVES. AND IT WAS IN THE SAME CLASS. This happened today, so it's fresh in my mind.

So, this girl who sits behind me in my Biology class (we'll call her 'Jess') apparently had a lot of coffee during breakfast, because when she came into class, she was grabbing her crotch demanding Mike (my teacher) to let her go. But, you see, Jess was another one of those kids that he just HATES. So he said no. Obviously, she tried to argue, and Mike told her she had to wait ten minutes to go to the bathroom(our school has this rule where you can't leave the class for ten minutes after the late bell rings).

She knew she wasn't going to win the argument, so she sat down, and did her (sexy) pee dance. She was rocking back and forth, moaning, and squeezing her crotch. The kid that sat next to her, having remembered the previous incident, moved his chair away from her seat in case of an explosion. Five minutes passed, and Jess was REALLY desperate... She was now on the verge of crying as she was demanding to go. Still, Mike told her to wait. Then, it happened...

Almost immediately afterwards, she starts crying and yells, "I can't f***ing HOLD IT!!!" Then, her jeans started to darken. "SHIT! Shit, shit, shit, shit, Shit, SHIIIIIT!!!" Her seat was now a waterfall of urine, dripping down on her backpack, and on the floor. Mike was facepalming, and Jess was crying uncontrollably as she peed for TWO MINUTES. TWO EFFING MINUTES. There was SO MUCH pee. Everyone was taking their backpacks off of the floor to prevent them from getting wet (for obvious reason). Again, I pretended to look shocked through the whole thing, not wanting to expose my fetish (I hid my erection).

After she had finished peeing, half of the floor was doused with urine, she was crying even harder than before, and other classmates were trying to comfort her. Mike then got on the phone, called for a janitor (or two), and the nurse... shortly after Jess was taken out of the classroom, someone said that they had never seen that much pee in their life. Because of that, everyone was talking about the wetting for the rest of class.

*001*2011-02-28 21:47

Yeah... it was pretty crazy... very arousing though!

*005*2011-02-28 23:32

{{:

Wow that's pretty intense, what does this girl look like? if you don't mind me asking.

I'm always curious about how people react the day after these types of things when the student comes back to class... I imagine the embarrassment is pretty wicked.

}}

Well, if you must know, she has blonde hair, she was wearing a tannish-orange sweater thingy, and regular blue jeans. And yeah, she seemed pretty embarrassed, hence why she was crying.

*014*2011-03-04 23:36

{{:

Awwe poor girl )= and i agree.. this mike is really mean and probably catering to his fetish o.o

}}

Are you implying that my favorite teacher has a pee fetish?!? I would HIGHLY doubt it... he didn't watch when it happened.

*017*2011-03-06 00:24

Ehh, trust me... he's NOT the kind of guy that'd be into it.

*020*2011-03-09 01:06

{{:

Lol, I actually remember a similar incident (though the girl made it). But they should've realized pee doesn't "explode".

}}

When I said 'explode', I meant it in the pee-gets-splattered-everywhere sense.

{{:

What grade were u in when it happened?

}}

Ummm... did you read the beginning? It said that it happened the day I posted this topic.

*022*2011-03-10 22:32

{{:

What school is this so I can come into your classes and watch

}}

Uhhhhhh... nope. :3

