An East Indian girl in Grade 11 who peed her panties
	(while waiting for the teacher to see her hand)
Author: princesstess

*000*2011-09-16 22:14

An East Indian girl in Grade 11 who peed her panties while waiting for the teacher to see her hand. It was the shortest trembling desperation I ever witnessed as she literally started peeing her panties as she started trembling. She also peed very little.

A bit of background on her, though I only saw her pee her panties once, I heard that she had peed her panties in line for the girls room in both grades 10 and 11, as well peeing her panties in girls guidance class in grade 11 just a few weeks back when she was told to wait 10 minutes, from overhearing the girls talk about it, she started peeing her panties almost immediately after being told to wait.

That day she was wearing a loose light green (seafoam) miniskirt that was either satin or a satin-like synthetic with a two-inch seafoam lace trim on her hem, along with a white sleeveless top, a white nylon slip and no hose, so there wasn’t much fabric to soak up her pee, which made it easy to judge how much (or little in this case) she peed. She was not that attractive, having a hawk face, but I always loved how she dressed. She was a shy and nervous girl. We’ll call her Pindy. I sat next to her.

It was mid-way through math class when she started fighting and scrunching her skirt . Obvious she needed to go, but she didn’t ask. She squeezed her thighs tightly and hunched a bit. So lets go into her head and see what she may be going though.

I need to pee. It hasn’t been that long I shouldn’t need to pee.

A few minutes went by and I could see her discreetly slid a hand under her miniskirt and open her legs enough to slide her hand between her legs, then she tightly squeezed her thighs around her hand.

Its getting worse, I can’t believe I already need to pee so bad. Why didn’t I go before the period. I can’t believe how bad I need to go.

I wasn’t the only one to notice. She noticed that we were looking at her and she looked embarrassed and pulled her hand out, readjusted her slip and miniskirt. I caught a glimpse of her panties and they were a matching color to her miniskirt with white lace cuffs.

Now everybody knows I need to pee, they think I’m going to pee my panties like I did in guidance. And I am.

About a minute or so later she opened her legs a bit and pushed into her miniskirt, grabbing herself though her miniskirt, and tightly squeezed her thighs around her hand. She looked embarrassed but this time she kept her hand stuffed between her tightly squeezed thighs. I had a clear view of her hand between her legs. She looked anxious.

I’m going to pee my panties for sure if he says no. In guidance I panicked when she said to wait. I got so desperate so fast I just started spurting right then. Maybe I can make it if I can relax. But if I ask and he says no, I’ll panic again and just start peeing my panties

I wondered why she hadn’t asked to go yet, I assumed she was too shy or maybe she was afraid that being refused would make her pee her panties right then and there like she did in guidance class. She glanced at the clock and really started looking panicked.

Oh no, another 25 minutes. I can’t make it. I just can’t hold it. I need to go now. I can’t believe how bad its getting. I need the girls room now. I’m going to pee my panties any second. Its so bad!

She dug her hand harder into her miniskirt, which caused it to hike up even more. She put up her free hand, but the teacher was busy writing on the board.

Please turn around please, please turn around. I’m going to pee my panties any second. I can’t hold it any longer.

She looked increasingly panicked and started trembling within 5-10 seconds of putting up her hand. I got the sense that she just knew she would pee her panties for sure it the teacher didn’t turn around and give her permission right now. A few seconds later she suddenly started violently trembling and sobbing

Please turn around please, please turn around. I’m going to pee my panties any second. I can’t hold it any longer. Oh no, its coming. She feels the first spurt soak through her panties, slip and miniskirt, which she had dug hard into her panties with her fingers. Oh no, please no. Please let me make it to the girls room. I’m not going to make it. She trembles violently from her panic and her desperate attempt to hold on a little longer. She keeps rapidly spurting, her panic becoming absolute as she feels the warm wetness grow in her panties and feels more and more of it against her fingers as her miniskirt gets more and more wet. I’m peeing my panties. I’m peeing my panties. Please let me stop peeing my panties. She desperately digs into her panties as hard as she can to no avail, as she keeps spurting in her panties

By know everybody is looking at her and just knows she has started peeing her panties. The teacher pauses but still hasn’t turned around. In a matter of seconds I noticed a wet spot forming around her hand, then a few seconds later the first splatter of pee landed on the floor.

I can’t stop it, I can’t stop it. She feels the warm wetness all though her panties, her upper thighs and fingers . A long spurt that seems to last forever, floods though her panties, slip, miniskirt, squirting though her fingers, running down her thighs and splattering on the floor. Oh no. Oh no. I’m totally peeing my panties in front of everybody,

By then she had totally broken down in tears. A second splatter as teacher gave her permission.

She started getting up, a long spurt of pee squirted out between her fingers. She just stood there bawling as pee squirted out through her fingers a few more times, ran down her legs and squirted out from under her miniskirt.

I need the girls room. I just want to stop peeing my panties. Please let me stop peeing my panties. She kept feeling long spurt after long spurt flood though her panties, slip, and miniskirt. She could feel it run down her legs and hear it hit the floor. Its too late. Its too late.

Some of the other students laughed. Some looked like they felt sorry for her

The teacher sent her to the girls room alone. Her miniskirt, was totally soaked around her hand and the back of her mini was also soaked. She ran out the door in tears.

It had been obvious she had been desperate, but the amount of pee on the floor didn’t seem to be the usual amount peed by a girl who was bursting. I’ve peed far more when I’ve had to really go but was not visibly desperate. I am totally convinced that she had an attack of urinary anxiety syndrome

I do know, that I find the experience of watching a girl go through a very rapid and intense desperation such as she did far more interesting than a long drawn out bursting.

