A recent experience of mine

Author: Inactive

*000*2015-01-15 01:42

(This is my first story, so I apologize for any mistakes)

I don't often get home alone time,but when I do, I like to have a little fun.

Our water went out last week due to the freezing temperatures, and when it came back on, the hot water heater stopped working. Therefore, when we do the dishes, we boil some water and dump it into the sink until it is full.

While my parents were away to pick up our new water heater, I decided to have a little fun for a few hours. Throughout the day, I have been drinking glass after glass of water, about four or five at the most. While my bladder was filling up I passed the time by watching TV and later browsing the forums on this site, while playing forum games on another site. I was also supposed to do the dishes while they were gone. I can be a procrastinator in most cases, so after a while of my bladder filling up I decided to wash the dishes, which had been soaking in hot water.

As I turned on the faucet, the wave of desperation hit me all of the sudden so I grabbed my crotch and crossed my legs. I was about 7/10 at that point, and doing the dishes without having an accident was going to be quite difficult, especially since the hot water was out and my hands were going from hot water to cold water and then back to hot water. I put my hands in the water and began to wash the silverware, one at a time. I quickly rose from a 7 to 8 and decided to take a break for about ten minutes. I drank another glass of water, and then went back to the dishes. My hands being in the water again was making my desperation a whole lot worse and it didn't take long before I needed another ten minute break.

I went back to the dishes and finished washing the last few silverware, and finally I sat back down at the computer. Several minutes later I rose to a 9/10 and decided I needed to pee, and fast. I went into my room and found a pair of pants and underwear to change into after wetting, and then I went into the bathroom and after crossing my legs a few more times, I relaxed, and the flood came immediately. I moaned a little in relief and then realized I wasn't going to have much time to clean up the mess if I emptied my bladder completely into my jeans, so I stopped the flow, removed my jeans, and finished in the toilet before drying off and putting on the new pair of jeans and hanging up the wet jeans to dry.

Hope you enjoyed it :)

*003*2015-01-15 22:39

Thank you for the comments :)

