My first desperation Experience: Robin

Author: lsn1

*000*2015-08-16 03:35

One Friday night during college I happened to be in the city and had plans to meet up with a girl I knew and was very fond of. I took a cab to the bar she had told me to meet her, and I was running late because the party I was with had awkwardly refused to join me. They didn’t know Robin like I did. I understood, although I disagreed.

Robin played the part of a tough girl that had no problem telling people what she thought of them right to their face; In fact, she often came off as quite abrasive to most people. I happen to be a very quiet and thoughtful person, so I suppose Robin felt as though she could reveal her true self to me. I knew that she was actually a very emotionally vulnerable girl. I had nothing but the utmost respect for her, and I still do to this day even though we’ve stopped keeping in touch post-college. I knew that standing her up would crush her after a long commute from Long Island to New York City.

Physically, Robin was a tall, thick girl with blonde hair, fair skin and green eyes. She knew how to dress to play up her looks, and I think just about any guy would have been at least a bit intimidated approaching her. She wasn’t conventionally beautiful, but the sum of her parts resulted in her being quite stunning. Because of this and her outgoing personality, she was quite often the center of attention.

When I arrived, I saw Robin first. She had just had her hair done in a very flattering way. Blonde bangs softened her face and reminded me how attractive she was. As soon as she saw me, she stood up, walked towards me, and hugged me without saying anything. She bowed her head down and rested it on my shoulder as we embraced. I didn’t want it to end.

“I’m so glad you’re here.” Robin said

“Of course! Your hair looks so pretty.”

Robin laughed. “Some girls complemented me on it as I was waiting.”

“I can see why. Let’s go inside.”

And we did. We both drank heavily, despite the fact that Robin was supposed to drive me back to my hotel room. We talked about everything from music to our childhood to people at the college we both attended. Robin and I consumed at least five beers each. Eventually, I got up to use the restroom, assuming Robin would do the same. As I came back I noticed that Robin was still at her seat sipping beer.

“We should head out soon. I have to be up early tomorrow.” I said, expecting Robin to use this opportunity to go to the restroom.

“Ok, I’m ready to go when you are.” said Robin as she finished the last few sips of her beer

“Are you sure? I mean, let me finish my beer, then I’ll go to the bathroom again, then we’ll go.” I said.

“Ok.” Robin replied.

I finished the remainder of my beer, giving ample time for Robin to use the restroom. Finally, I stood up and said, “Ok, ready to go?”

“Yup”, Robin replied without hesitation.

I assumed that Robin genuinely didn’t feel any need to pee. As we walked to Robin’s car, we passed a pizza place. She suggested we go inside. I reluctantly agreed. Although I did have the munchies, I wasn’t sure they had a bathroom, and I was concerned for Robin and myself. I felt my bladder filling again quickly.

So we ate pizza, and luckily this place did have a bathroom open to the public. I went to urinate again as soon as we were done. I asked Robin, “Are you sure you don’t want to use the restroom before we go.”

“Yeah, I can wait until we get back.” said Robin eyeing the line outside the bathroom door.

“It’s ok. I’m in no big rush. I can wait.” I replied, feeling as though Robin was just being polite, but actually wanted to pee.

“Nah, its fine.” Robin laughed as she got up and headed towards the door.

We both got into her car, and she started to drive. She asked me where we needed to go. Truth be told, I don’t know much about the city.

“You probably know better than I do.” I said as I gave her the address to my hotel in the financial district, feeling guilty about my ignorance. Robin continued to drive in the general direction of the hotel. Several wrong turns later, she announced, “Are we almost there? I gotta piss bad.”

“I’m not sure.” I admitted, embarrassed

Robin let out a frustrated sigh and ran her hand quickly up and down her voluptuous thigh.

“Hey, it’s ok if you need to stop somewhere…” I said.

“No way, I’m a girl, so I can hold it at least six more hours.” Robin joked.

“Well, if you decide you need to stop, I don’t mind. I need to go too.”

I knew Robin wasn’t going to be able to hold five beers worth of piss for very long. Although Robin was a big girl with a big bladder, and I had witnessed some impressive feats of pee holding from her before, she had clearly overestimated her abilities this time. Robin was in distress. She was sitting up ramrod straight trying not to shift too much. If I had to pee again already, then every fiber of her poor bladder must have been stretched to its absolute limit. She quickly undid the top button of her pants at the next traffic light.

“Sorry, but I just gotta…” She said

“It’s ok. Why don’t we pull onto one of these side streets, and you can just pee next to the car. No one’s around now.” I said.

“I’m not gonna do that.”

“I Promise I won’t look.” I said, and I meant it. As fantastic as I’m sure Robin’s naked bottom would have been, I wasn’t about to betray her trust. I genuinely felt bad that Robin needed to piss so badly. I wanted her to be able to relieve herself as soon as possible. I was afraid that any moment, I might see an explosion of warm wetness emerge from between her legs.

Fifteen minutes of pure agony later, we made it to the hotel room. Robin was doubled over in pain with one hand on her bladder and the other on her thigh as I swiped my keycard. Robin ran to the bathroom like a shot, neglecting to even close the door behind her. I heard the clang of her belt hit the floor and her ass slam down on the toilet hard.

“Oh thank god!” Robin said as she finally let go. Robin peed so hard and for so long that I feared she might overflow the toilet. I went about my business pretending not to hear anything. Robin emerged from the bathroom red-faced.

“Better?” I asked with a smile, hoping to alleviate some of her embarrassment.

“God yes, I don’t think I could have waited one more second.” Robin said confidently.

“Yeah that was pretty close. I have to go really badly too.” I said as I walked to the bathroom and shut the door, trying not to think about what I had just witnessed.

*003*2015-08-16 22:30

Thanks, I really appreciate your support. I have several other experiences to share. Any suggestions for what you'd like to see going forward?

*004*2015-08-18 03:35

{{ 

What a great story! How did you distract yourself in this situation? :D

}}

It was definitely a challenge. I didn't want Robin to think I was taking pleasure in the fact that she was bursting to pee. I only stole a few glances, and mostly I just looked out the window. Luckily, she was too distracted and desperate to really notice anything. She was mostly focused on not wetting herself before we got back to the hotel. She even ended up parking in a no parking zone and getting a ticket. Neither of us noticed the sign since Robin was beyond desperate by then and definitely would have peed her pants if we had to drive around looking for a parking spot.

I've always considered this fetish both a blessing and a curse. Sometimes I genuinely wish I didn't get so turned on when girls need to pee around me as it's almost impossible to hide my interest. It could lead to some awkward situations.

I'll be posting some of my other experiences soon.

