My two friends (part 2)

Author: Damien85

*000*2011-02-02 07:43

First, I'm having a bout of insomnia so I apologize for any grammatical errors in this report.

Well, not many people replied, but I think there was enough interest to warrant the sequel to the story. To preface it, I'm going to give names to the two friends so as to avoid confusion. We'll call the friend that challenged me to the bet in the first place S and the friend that did the deed K. Also, I never mentioned how much I won in the bet which is helpful for the next story. The bet was for 40 dollars, so after paying K I was able to pocket 20 dollars. A few weeks later, S challenged me to double or nothing. She said specifically that if I got the same girl to do it, I could only pay her five dollars. K happened to be online at the time so I asked her and she agreed, after some persuasion, to do it for five dollars.

Now to the good stuff. I had to find a time when my parents would be out of town long enough for us to meet at their house and make use of their washer and dryer for the task. She met me there and came running in the door saying she was bursting to pee and we needed to start filming ASAP. So same routine as before, we went to the shower and I posed for filming. Again I said when and she almost immediately started peeing. And I mean peeing. She was wearing blue-jeans that had been bleached to look as if they were taken from a milk cow that had blue spots instead of black. Anyway, the pee started running down both legs simultaneously and spread out from the center almost halfway up to the top of the jeans. After what seemed like forever, I asked her to turn around, again to show that there was not a tube pumping water into her jeans. And again, the sight was breathtaking.

Instead of just curving under her cheeks, it arced up halfway up her but and then back down under the other cheek. The back of her legs were completely soaked and the drain was almost having trouble keeping up with the amount of pee still cascading between her legs. I managed once again, miraculously, to keep myself under control. She told me she was done and I jokingly asked if she was sure because it appeared as though she peed half her body weight. She laughed and said to hold on, I think there might be a little left. After that, she peed for about another three or four seconds. It was absolutely incredible.

Then I went to click stop recording and noticed that I didn't capture a single second of it. It turns out that as soon as I hit the camera button, it started recording and then when I clicked it and said "when" I had stopped the recording. How on Earth I didn't notice, I will never know, but I was furious with myself. She saw from the look on my face that something was wrong and when I broke the news to her she actually became sympathetic as opposed to angry or upset at me. She promised to do it again, she would just have to go home to get another pair of jeans. I couldn't believe it! The only problem was that we were on a limited schedule and she lived in a small town about 35 minutes away. Fortunately, my mom loves going yardsaling.

She buys random stuff and resells it on eBay and the like. So we go into the room where she stores all the random crap she gets and we find a pair of pants that almost fit. We put her original pants in the washer and went to get some food and plenty of water. After eating, we went back to my parents house for the encore. She wasn't really bursting to go by any means, but she said she could certainly pee. So downstairs we went to go with the usual routine. I go in, made sure that the camera was on and said "when". 

After a second or two, I asked her if she was peeing. "Not yet" was the reply and then followed up with "Alright, going now". Before she got the sentence out, the fabric started to darken. Then, to my surprise, she actually let out a sigh of relief/enjoyment instead of the usual comment about how gross it was. The crotch of the jeans darkened, and she had a thick streak going down one leg and a thin streak going down the other. The jeans were so big and she had so little pee that her butt remained dry.

After she changed and rinsed off in the shower I was waiting for her in the room outside the bathroom. I hugged her and apologized and thanked her for everything. I also offered to pay her more either in cash or at least in a really nice meal. She said that I didn't have to pay her anything and she was perfectly happy just helping me out. I almost begged her to let me do something, but she refused. So I ended up getting 80 dollars to see her pee her pants not once, but twice. Overall I have seen my friend pee herself three times and received 100 for it.

Most recently, S challenged me to find someone to pee a diaper for 25 and if I could find someone, I'd get 50 bucks. I told her no because I didn't want to ask K to do anything like that. When I mentioned it to K a few days later she said she would have no problem doing it, and asked why on Earth I would say no. When I told her she said "I've messed myself three times for you already, a diaper is going to be EASY". With that, I contacted S to see if she would still be up for the challenge. She agreed, but not for the original amount. She changed it to $30, meaning I get 5 dollars after paying off K. When I told K that, she said not to worry, I don't have to pay her a dime to do it. As of right now, we plan on doing this Feb 12th. So I will let you guys know how it goes if you so desire.

*009*2011-02-04 07:17

{{ 

Any chance we'll ever get to see any of these videos?

}}

The poster below is correct. It was part of the agreement that as soon as I sent the videos to S, and confirmation of receipt was received, I was to delete them forever. Trust me, I'm as sad as you guys are.

To answer another question about thinking she'd learn to stop giving me money. I'm starting to think that she is into this kind of stuff just as much as I am. Sadly, she lives two states away from me now so it's not going to do me a whole lot of good if she is. Notice the usage of the word "now". She graduated high school with me and went to another state for college. I'm saying this to remove any thoughts that S is some 42 year old fat, hairy guy pretending to be a girl and conning me into sending him videos.

Also, I don't believe K is into this stuff, either. She is doing this strictly for me. We've had an interesting off and on relationship for the last year or so. I'm not going to go into any more detail because it's more personal than I'd like to get here...

