6 Months

Author: Krystal

*000*2014-09-28 02:07

Recently my girlfriend Emma and I went on a little outing.

I thought I would do something a bit romantic for her as we had been going out for half a year now. Since it was a half year thing, I decided to take her out on a little picnic after work.

I made some fresh lemonade for us to drink and poured it into a large thermos bottle. Then I grabbed the picnic basket, put some necessary items in it (plates, cups, flatware, napkins and such), and ran off to the store to get the food since I was running a little late.

So there I was waiting in the shopping checkout line wearing a black vest top and a matching black knee length skirt with purple lace panties underneath after getting a few picky bits such as bread and ham to make sandwiches and some lovely little cakes for dessert.

After I had gotten them I headed up to the cliffs above the beach near our town for a lovely view.

I phoned her and asked her to meet me on top of the cliffs and then spread out a blanket and arranged the plates, cutlery and food on them, along with a small vase into which I placed a few fresh flowers I had picked. Then I waited patiently for her to arrive.

The weather was a bit cooler than I expected it to be, and I wished I had thought to bring a sweater with me, but I wouldn’t have time to go back home to get one before she got there, so I had to make the best of it. It wasn’t too bad as long as the sun was out, but every time the sun went behind the clouds, omg… it gave me the chills.

When Emma finally came into view over the little rise of the hill, I jumped up eagerly and ran to greet her. She looked so cute!

She was wearing a light blue cropped top with a tight pair of light blue jeans so I could not see her bra or panties yet, but I was already imagining what she might have chosen to wear beneath them.

When I touched her hand, it was cold and the cold made me shiver. and I felt a sudden pang in my bladder. I knew what the feeling signified. I really should have gone to the bathroom before I left home, but I was in a hurry. Now I had no choice.

I had to hold it since there were no public restrooms nearby, and I didn't want to leave Emma alone on this special occasion.

After five minutes of casual chatting, she looked at me and asked why I had done all this.

I smiled and told her, " It’s our 6 month anniversary tomorrow, but I have to work… so I wanted to be able to do this on my day off."

She was so happy, I swear I saw her cry a little bit at that point. Anyway, we had our meal and enjoyed it, and then afterwards we both laid on the blanket and watched the sun rays reflect off of the beautiful sea.

We talked some more and kissed a few times before I suddenly felt another pang. This time it was much worse since I had had quite a lot of lemonade to drink in the meantime, and it was clear that it wanted to come out now, so I said to her, "Excuse me please, I really need to find a restroom."

But like a naughty girl, she said, "Please hold it...for me."

At first I really didn’t want to, but then she pulled the puppy dog eyes on me, so I sat back down and just tried my best not to lose control.

I was pretty desperate by the time we packed everything up and on our way home I suddenly got the worst wave ever. And then I wet myself just a bit!

I held back as much as I could but I knew at least a little squirt had come out and in public too. At least nobody was around to see it, thank goodness!

But Emma knew I had peed a little because I had gone bright red. She lifted my skirt up to check the damage. After she saw the damp spot on my undies, she said "Oooh Kryssy, you bad girl, off with them now !"

She was very stern but I love her to bits so I peeled them off and handed them to her.

She said, "Oh Kryssy, you’d better make it the rest of the way home or your legs will get wet!" as we kept walking.

It took all of fifteen minutes to get back to her place but I was truly at the limit of my ability to hold it in, and right outside her front door I lost it completely.

I couldn't hold it any longer and it all came out at once.

I wasn’t able to stop wetting now or hold back anything because my bladder had given up all hope of keeping it in, and I made a nice sized puddle just outside Em's front door as she watched with a huge smile on her face, omg...

As much as I would love to tell you the rest, Im afraid I can't as Emma then took me upstairs to "get me clean."

Hope you all enjoyed it :)

Krystal Xxx

(A big thanks to my big sis who had helped me write it up ^^)

*003*2014-10-01 16:59

Thank you frosty and thanks shadow ^^

