My first childhood wetting accident that I can consciously remember, and what it spawned

Author: Wolfbro

*000*2015-06-22 03:15

I figured that I might as well post what got me into my strange fascination with wetting myself.

When I was roughly four years old I was playing a pee-wee soccer game. I don't remember anything up to it, but I remember I was running toward the ball and I suddenly felt water running down my legs. I looked down and my soccer shorts were soaked and I was dripping pee down into my socks and shoes, but I kept running anyway. By the time the game had ended my soccer shorts were basically dry, but my undies weren't. Regardless, my parents never found out. From that day I became fascinated with getting away with wetting my pants.

The next incident that I can remember was when I was about 6 years old. I had a deathly fear of the dark, and I had woken up around 3 in the morning. It was completely pitch black, and my adolescent mind had filled the void with an endless amount of unspeakable creatures waiting to get me. Even though I was safe in my bed, I was still rather frightened. As I laid there awake, I realized I needed to use the bathroom. It wasn't a bursting amount, but it was enough that I couldn't get back to sleep. 

I decided that if I slowly peed in different parts of my bed then my parents would never find out. I carefully maneuvered to different corners of my bed and slowly released my bladder just enough to leave a small spot spot before moving on to a different spot. I emptied almost the entire contents of my bladder this way, and crawled up back to where I was sleeping. As I laid there, I released the rest of it and wet my pajama bottoms where I was sleeping, but once again not enough that I thought would be noticeable. I got away with it as well.

I had a few other uneventful situations very similar to this.

About a year or so later I developed my liking of omorashi in a slightly embarrassing situation that got me in a little bit of trouble. I had come home from hanging out with my neighbor/best friend, and my parents were not home from wherever they were at the time. I tried to open the door to get in, but as I did so I remembered why I had gone over to my friend's house to begin with (earlier that day I was convinced I had seen a ghost) so I wasn't really stoked on the idea of going inside while it was dark. I didn't really have to use the bathroom at that point, so I decided to just hang out outside. I wasn't that concerned, because I had two dogs in my yard to play with and keep me safe so I just sorta hung out outside. What felt like a long time had passed, and as it did my bladder grew to the bursting point. 

Despite being super scared I might pee my pants, or get in trouble for peeing in the yard (my parents caught me peeing outside once before and yelled at me). So I sat on my front porch, holding myself and rocking in place. As I did so, I realized that I was actually enjoying this feeling, despite the pain of a full bladder. Eventually I saw my parents drive into our driveway and I waited for them to unlock the door. Fortunately I ended up making it all the way to the bathroom before accidentally releasing a small squirt into my pants, leaving a wet spot about the size of an orange on my pants. I was able to hide my wet pants and once again got away with it. However, I did get in trouble for playing in the yard after dark while no one was at home (my parents were kind of paranoid).

So that's basically a few incidents related to how I got into my kinks. I have quite a handful of stories similar to these that I might post later.

Thanks for reading, if you did.

