Debbie's Big Accident

Author: wettingman

*000*2015-05-31 13:26

I wrote this story a long time ago. Siegale got me thinking and chatting about Deb and my experiences. I could not find this on here Omorashi , so I post it now. I hope you enjoy it.

Years ago life was good because my girlfriend who became my wife always held her pee often to the last minute and beyond. She said she was not into pee holding as a sexual thing but I have always wondered as some of the stories I will tell will show .She did however sometimes humor me.

The first time I remember her being desperate was when we were in High School. Neither of us went during school so by 5:00PM our bladders were usually full. This one day however she was particularly fidgety and began sneaking her hand to her crouch when she thought I didn’t see. Eventually she announced she had to pee real bad and was about to piss her pants, and took off towards the bathroom undoing her blue pants on the way. I followed her through the kitchen, and asked if I could watch. I had never seen a girl pee and the idea was very exciting. She said “NO!” and would I please let her go before she wet her pants. Suddenly she screwed up her face and inhaled sharply. Meanwhile she plunged her hand inside her pants and grabbing her crouch tightly and crossing her legs. She said “OH Please!” I gave in and said ok just go, hoping for better luck next time. It turns out she had wet her panties , just enough to relieve the pressure but not enough to show.

About forty five minutes later she, as usual, walked me half way home, about a 10 minute walk. WE parted in a wooded area behind a factory. Once again she became frantically desperate to pee holding herself and doing the pee-pee dance. I kept trying to delay her, suggesting she pee in the woods. She wouldn’t do that. Luckily for me it was winter and my long heavy coat covered my huge hard on, although I would soon tell her of my fetish. Suddenly she gave me one last kiss goodbye and took off running, bent forward, and her hand grabbing her pussy .That was the last I saw of her that day, but we talked on the phone later and I asked her how she managed. She said she got up the road a ways and her pee started gushing out. She stopped and crossed her legs staunching the flow temporally, but not until there was a big wet spot in her crouch and down her upper inner thigh.

She proceeded running as before, but about a block from her home another wave of unstoppable leak hit, this time wetting her pants almost to her knees. She again stopped and gained control. She proceeded the rest of the way home but as she was unlocking the door she lost control completely, hot urine running all the way down her legs and puddling on the porch. She went inside to the bathroom but her bladder, having last peed 10 hours ago was almost completely empty. How I wish I could have seen her pants completely soaked from top to bottom. I can’t help but wonder if I could have kept her with me a few more minutes longer and witness her wetting . But it was still relatively early in our relationship and I hoped my time would come furthermore she retold the story in such detail that I can still remember it after all these years and sometimes imagine it as I masturbate . Once I told her of my fetish she would tell me pee stories, some I saw or others we created

*002*2015-05-31 16:51

{{ 

Thanks wettingman, for posting this hot experience! (I do know the story, maybe I saw it on the other forum...?)

However, it is very exciting to read it once again! As you complain about not being able to see her full accident - what about asking her if you may walk her home...?

Or maybe it was too early into your relationshop for her to let you watch what she had to experience? Anyay, luckily she finally indulged with telling you all the details!

}}

She had walked me half way home. It would have ment walking in the opposite direction. I had to be going as my parents were very strict and I had to be home at a certain time , no excuses.

Eventually she did hold her pee for me until she soaked her pants. But that was done intentionally ,we were at home , so once she started leaking ,she just let it go. I think I wrote about it, but I am not sure I posted it here. I will look that up next time.

In a nutshell she had been holding it -intentionally for this event for hours. She was begging me to let her pee in her pants for about 2 hours, before announcing she could not hold it any longer. She stepped into the tub,and immediately started leaking. I thought it was particularly hot because I saw the first drops of urine seep through her jeans, the tiny ( for a half second) wet spot marking the exact spot of her pee hole. The exact location of a female's pee hole of course is a bit mysterious, buried up there in the middle of her pussy. She totally soaked her light colored blue jeans , very much like her accident I related above.

Sometime later she did pee for me standing up ,so I did see her actual pee hole opening. Fun times.

