The Big Night Out

Author: Max_million

*000*2015-11-05 11:21

So for those of you who may have read some of my earlier stories I was pretty lucky to witness some great wetting experiences when I was young. I have had a couple of small sightings and experiences over the years since but nothing like what happened to me a couple of weeks ago.

THE BIG NIGHT OUT - Part 1

I have a great group of friends from school who I dont get to catch up with often, but we decided it was about time we caught up. We decided we would have drinks at a friends house then head out into town last Saturday night. A couple of the group couldnt make it earlier and decided to meet up with us later, but five of us (two guys, three girls) met for drinks at my friend Kelly's house at the start of the night.

It was great to catch up with them all (it had been almost a year since we all properly caught up) and I was enjoying being back together with everyone. After a couple of beers Kelly decided it was time to start whipping up some cocktails. I dont know how but it was decided that I had drawn the short straw and would be sober driver, so I got excused from the cocktails. It was a half hour trip to the city so a cab would have been fairly expensive.

Everyone was getting very chatty and there was plenty of laughter. One of the girls (Emma) who had kind of been on the outside of our group through school starting talking about how we had all hooked up with one another over the years and we were a pretty incestuous group... she was the only one who hadnt done anything with any of our friends. I dont know how as she was probably the most gorgeous one, being blonde, blue eyed and fairly slim but still with enough curves to make you turn your head when she walked by, and with a habit of wearing short skirts she was definitely pleasing on the eye. I guess because she hung out with a number of different groups back in school we didnt always see her a lot.I had to admit she was right though, after all Laura and I had a one night stand back when we were 18 and Kelly and I had messed around a bit too. I guess thats what made us all good friends and comfortable around each other though... nothing was off limits.

Anyway the night drew on and after the rest of them had had a fair few drinks it was agreed we should head into town to meet up with the other two. We began the half hour car trip from the suburbs into the central city in my new car that Id only had a couple of months.

Less than ten minutes into the journey, Emma piped up 'God, I need to pee sooo badly. Kelly you shouldnt have forced so many cocktails into me!'. Of course this grabbed my attention straight away.

'Dont blame me Emma, you couldnt wolf them down fast enough' blurted Kelly.

'Well they were pretty good' she replied, the girls erupting in giggles in the back seat.

'Emma could never resist a COCK-tail' my friend Matt chimed in from the front seat. Everyone cracked up, after all she did have a bit of a reputation in school, even if she steered clear of anyone in our group, but who could blame her... she was gorgeous.

It was clear everyone was half way gone with all the giggling going on, I just hoped they would let us in to the club!

Five minutes later Emma said 'OK I'm serious, I reeaaally need to pee soon. Can we stop somewhere?'

'Don't piss on the nice new leather seats or you'll be in trouble!' Matt hissed back. The car erupted in laughter.

'Stop making me laugh or I might not be able to help it!' Emma replied.

I was getting pretty turned on by the conversation at this point and hoped it wouldnt show.

'We cant stop now, we're on the highway', I said, ' but hey theres a towel under the seat if you're gonna be ruining my leather!' I said jokingly, trying to join in on the laughter and play it cool.

'Here it is Emma' Kelly said, pulling my gym towel from under my seat' and shoving it in Emmas crotch. More giggling followed from the back, with the alchohol really starting to kick in.

The girls seemed to be in pretty good spirits and before too long we were nearing the city. I couldnt help but glance back and look at Emma, in her tight fitting white dress, baring plenty of cleavage yet somehow still looking suitably classy. As I glanced back again I noticed she was sitting on the towel the girls had found, and had her hand shoved in between her legs. I started to wonder just how desperate she was and was getting worked up again, so tried to calm myself down so my bulge wouldn't be 'obvious' when we got there.

Five minutes later and we were drawing close to the club. Emma hadnt mentioned anything for a while and I figured she had managed to hold on. Suddently Laura piped up 'Im racing you bitches to the bathroom when we get there'.

'Hey Ive already pre booked a stall' Kelly said, 'get in line'.

Three desperate girls in my back seat... I thought I was in heaven! I tried to concentrate and not get too excited.

'OK drop these drunks off at the front and Ill use the bathroom at the carpark... theres probably a line anyway' Emma called out to me. I didnt think there was a bathroom at the carparking building but the cruel part of me wasnt about to tell her that, wanted to grab a glimpse of her desperation as we walked to the club.

I dropped the other three out the front, watching them stumble out and run towards the door. 'Good luck getting in' I said under my breath, Emma giggling again.

As I headed up the couple of blocks to the carpark Emma said in a nervous voice 'hurrrry please I cant hold on'.

'Are you ok'? I asked.

'Noo' she whimpered. 'I told you to stop nearly twenty minutes ago'.

'Im sorry I couldn't!' I replied, now at full attention and extremely turned on.

I pulled up to the carpark building, grabbing a ticket from the machine.

'Your towel is already wet by the way' she said. Did I just hear that correctly?

'What?' I said in disbelief, not sure what to say.

'You cant expect me to hold on that long without leaking. Just hurrrry up okayyy or I really will ruin your leather!' she said impatiently.

'Im sorry...' I stammered, 'I didnt realise'.

'Dont apologise just drive faster!' she blurted. 'Just stop anywhere, that park will do'.

I raced into a carpark, pulled up the handbrake and turned around to grab a glimpse of her. I could see her hand shoved between her legs as her other hand pulled on the door handle. I was in heaven.

'THE DOOR' she screamed, waking me from my trance. I had forgotten the car locks the doors automatically until the key is turned off, and the car was still running. I stumbled to hit the button to unlock them.

Emma opened the door and jumped out of her seat onto the concrete. I was expected her to bolt towards the exit but instead she stood still, clutching the bottom of her dress on both sides. Was this what I think it was? Was she about to pee right here?

The next sound I heard was unmistakable. The splattering on the concrete threw me back to the very first accident I had ever seen... my cousin wetting herself on my back porch many years ago. Wow, how could this be happening again.

Her stream grew in intensity and I began to see droplets running down her legs. She tried to kick off her shoes as rivers started cascading across her tanned legs and down towards them, the shoes flying off to rest next to the car parked beside us, which was shielding her from anyone who might drive past.

'Oh my god!' she moaned, almost in pleasure but embarrassment clear in her voice.

'Oh my god' she said again, almost squeaking this time. I was mesmerised, staring at this stunning girl in her mid-twenties with pee running down her legs, pooling in a growing circle on the concrete beneath her.

I suddenly noticed that the rear of her dress was also wet in a small semi circle at the bottom. I looked over at the seat and noticed a V shaped damp patch where she had been sitting, between her legs. That was some leak! I wondered how long she had been sitting like that.

It seemed like she kept peeing for almost a minute, she must have been pretty desperate.

She hitched her dress a bit higher as the flow slowed, giving me a peek of her now soaking pink panties. My cock was throbbing in my pants and I thought I might be about to cum but I managed to keep it together.

The rivers running down her legs turned into dribbles and then into drips. The drips fell to the wet concrete and decreased until she turned around to face me.

'Oh my god, Im so sorry' she said to me, still sitting in the drivers seat but turned to face her.

'Dont apologise, its ok' I said. 'Here, grab the towel and dry off' I mumbled, still amazed at what had just happened. I grabbed the towel off the seat and passed it towards her.

'Thanks' she whispered. 'Please don't tell anyone about this'.

'Of course I wouldnt!'.

'I just couldnt help it... I was suprised I made it til now'

'Well you didnt really' I said cheekily, pointing at the towel.

She giggled and said 'hey at least your leather is ok', the redness starting to disappear from her cheeks and she started to lighten up again.

There is more to the story but reliving this has got me worked up so I'll have to save it for part two... stay tuned!

*010*2015-11-17 08:13

Thanks for the comments guys, here is the next instalment...

THE BIG NIGHT OUT - Part 2

Emma stood there in the carpark, having just soaked her panties, a large puddle beneath her feet. I felt kind of sorry for her given what had just happened even though it was a dream come true.

‘How about I take you back to your place and you can clean up? We can come back into town if you want to’. Emma’s apartment wasn’t as far as Kelly’s place, it was only a ten minute drive.

‘Are you sure?... thank you soo much’.

‘Jump in the front, let’s get going’.

Emma placed the towel on the front seat and jumped in next to me. She rearranged her dress to make sure she wasn’t sitting on it. Because it was so short and tight she had pulled it up a bit I could just see her panties peeking out below it, the damp pink fabric distracting me as I pulled out of the carpark. I still couldn’t quite believe what had just happened.

‘Sorry to ruin your night’, Emma piped up. Hah! Ruin it, if only she knew.

‘Don’t be silly!’ I replied. ‘You know me I’m not exactly the worlds best dancer so I don’t mind missing some time on the dancefloor. Accidents happen, don’t stress ok.’ I wondered if it was obvious that I was trying to hide how turned on I was by what had just happened.

She giggled forcefully. ‘Yea they’re not supposed to happen to twenty five year olds. Maybe if I was twenty years younger!’.

I placed my hand on her knee, Im still not sure why, perhaps to comfort her.

‘Don’t worry about it’, I reassured her, ‘it could happen to any of us’. I could feel moisture on her leg despite the fact she’d wiped herself down with the towel. I was becoming very excited again.

To my surprise she placed her hand on top of mine. ‘Promise me you won’t tell anyone ok’, she said quietly.

‘Of course, it’s our little secret, I swear. I’ll message the others and tell them you weren’t feeling well or something and we had to go back to your place’.

‘Haha they’ll think good old Emma couldn’t handle her drink again. Guess that’s better than the reality’, she chuckled. She was starting to get back to her normal self again. ‘I really can’t believe I just did that again!’ she said.

‘Again?’ I asked puzzled. Could it be this was a regular occurrence?

Emma giggled… ‘never you mind mister, you have more than enough dirt on me after tonight’, she joked. ‘You know this is your fault right, I told you I needed to go twenty minutes earlier, and you locked the door on me!’

‘Haha sure I’ll take the blame if it makes you feel better’.

‘Yes, it would’, she said emphatically, ‘don’t think you’re getting away with it either… I’m going to get you back for this’, she said confidently.

‘Ok you do that’, I chuckled. It seemed as if she had cheered up a lot and was perhaps even flirting with me, or maybe I was reading too much into it.

A couple of minutes later we pulled up to her apartment. She grabbed the towel and we headed upstairs.

‘Let’s just hang out here for a while aye, I don’t feel much like heading back into town now’.

‘Sounds good to me… as I said, I’d rather not have to subject you to my dance moves’.

We entered her apartment and she stepped into the bathroom which was pretty close to the door. She said ‘give me a minute’ and closed the door half way, still leaving it open though. I wandered over towards the kitchen. ‘Grab a beer, they’re in the fridge’, she called out to me.

‘Sure thing, do you want one’, I replied back to her.

‘Yes please’ she replied.

I searched for a bottle opener and opened up the beers. A minute later she emerged wrapped in a towel, not wearing anything.

‘I’m just gonna get changed, won’t be long’, she said, still sounding very tipsy, and disappeared off to her room. It surprised me she didn’t shower, but I thought maybe it didn’t really phase her too much, or maybe she wasn’t thinking clearly from the alcohol. My mind started wandering and thinking back to what had happened not long ago.

I suddenly felt the urge to pee so went to the bathroom to relieve myself. As I stepped in I noticed her dress on the floor, along with her wet panties, the towel and a face cloth she must have used to wipe herself down. Her pink panties were completely soaked and were mostly dark coloured except around the sides where it wasn’t wet. I fought myself to not touch them or pick them up. It hadn’t occurred to me she would just leave them lying on the floor. I was mesmerised.

As I unzipped my jeans I realised I was going to find it very hard to pee in the state I was in. I tried to calm myself down and eventually it started flowing. When I was done I decided not to flush and hurried back to the kitchen so she wouldn’t know I’d been in the bathroom or seen them. It suddenly occurred to me that I could have taken a picture as a bit of a memento of the night, but the moment had passed and it was too late now, I didn’t want to get caught.

Emma emerged from the bedroom. ‘Wow, you looking smokin’ in those jeans’, I said. She honestly did look stunning. She had these tight darkish blue jeans on that fitted her perfectly, her small round ass enough to make any guy turn his head. She had a pink top on with a low cut front.

‘Hehe thanks, you’re not looking so bad yourself tonight’, she said as I handed her the beer from the counter. She fluffed around in the cupboards for a second. ‘Tequila or vodka?’, she asked.

‘Huh?’ I replied

‘Shots silly, tequila or vodka?’.

‘Umm tequila I guess’. She grabbed the bottle out and poured a shot into the first of two shot glasses.

‘Damn it, I knew you’d say that. Tequila always turns into a messy night!’, she replied as she poured the second shot. ‘Anyway this is mostly for you’, she said.

‘Oh yea, why’s that?’ I replied.

‘I said I’d punish you for earlier! Bottoms up!’. We clinked our glasses together and downed the shots. ‘Yeooow’ she said as she slammed the glass back down. Round two was already being poured and before I knew it we had downed three shots each. I guess I needed to catch up after being sober driver.

‘Aren’t we supposed to do salt and a lemon or something’ I said.

‘Arggh who needs them, it still does the job without!’ she replied.

‘Let me message the others and tell them to catch a taxi back here when theyre done aye, there’s no way I’m going anywhere tonight’, I said. I got my phone out and started reading the message out slowly to her as I typed it. ‘Hi guys, Emma puked her guts out when we got to the carpark, had to take her home. Catch a cab to her apartment when done, see you there’.

‘Heyyy’ she replied as I laughed at my own text, ‘that’s not fair’.

‘Well should I tell them the truth then?’ I said poking fun back at her as the alcohol started to hit me.

‘Guess not… you win’. She said. She started pouring me a fourth shot but didn’t pour herself one.

‘Hey, where’s yours?’ I said.

‘You’re the one getting punished remember’, she replied, ‘tonight was your fault’.

‘So let me get this right’, I replied. ‘It’s my fault YOU peed your pants, so now you are going to try and get me drunk and make me pee my pants?’.

Her eyes lit up and she put her finger in the air, ‘Genius! That’s exactly what I’m going to do!’, as if she had thought of the idea herself. It was clear she wasn’t exactly sober the way she said it.

‘But you can’t exactly stop me from going to the bathroom, it’s not like I’m locked in your car’, I said as I laughed, poking fun at her.

‘Hmmmm’ she replied.

I guess the alcohol was starting to have an effect and without really thinking about it, I replied ‘I’ll play along with your game if it makes you happy, but you have to play too. We both keep drinking and whoever has to go first loses… no bathroom’.

‘Deal!’ she replied instantly with a sly grin on her face. ‘Let your punishment begin… muahaha’ she said with a fake evil laugh.

I couldn’t believe it, I don’t think she really thought through what I just said. Had I really just convinced this girl who had peed her pants in front of me less than an hour ago, to play a game of hold it? This couldn’t be happening!

To be continued…

