Shower Wetting

Author: YellowPants

*000*2013-06-16 22:51

So, I'm pretty nervous about posting these but... *deep breath*

I did a hold earlier today, and then stood in the shower so I could finally let go. I took pictures throughout the whole wetting, so you can see the pee spreading and whatnot ^-^ I hope you enjoy.

Bulge before:

Wetting:

And after:

*005*2013-06-17 09:11

Wow, thanks everyone ^^ I'm still incredibly conscious about having these pictures up x.x

{{ 

Shower wetting? Getting wet typically comes with getting in the shower doesn't it?

}}

Oh shh xD typically people in these forums are likely to cotton on to what the title implies. Did YOU like the pictures? O.o

*007*2013-06-17 15:27

{{ 

Maybe I did, and maybe I didn't.

}}

I'm going to take that as a yes then xP

*009*2013-06-17 15:47

{{ 

Ok we were real close to what I am looking for here. I am still hoping to see a bladder bulge going down as someone pees please. Although I am not generally into male peeing/wetting yellowpants you did a good job . Thanks for sharing.

}}

Thank you! :)

I remember you (I think) mentioning that in the bulge diary a while back... I don't think I'm anywhere near confident enough to film myself peeing though x.x I had a hard enough time getting these shots

*011*2013-06-17 20:56

{{ 

It can be very nerve racking, but someone has to do it for the ladies. Guys are always chickens, just taking advantage of the female's courage. Poor females don't get near enough content compared to males unless their gay. You're playing an important roll for females everywhere.

}}

Tell me about it x|

I can imagine what it must be like for straight girls who are into this o.o must drive 'em nuts. Weeeell I'm glad I could be of some use to the ladies for once :3

*013*2013-08-01 19:03

{{ 

I really enjoyed your pictures!

Very nice!

}}

I'm glad to hear it!

Thank you very much ^.^

*015*2013-08-02 09:45

{{ 

It does suck to be a straight girl who is into this! Thank you for the pictures, the only thing that would make it better would be a description. XD

}}

Hmmm... I'll keep that in mind xD Maybe I'll have to add a description :3

You're very welcome either way! Thanks for looking ^.^

