Peeing my seat

Author: p4mepls

*000*2012-09-06 01:39

Well I have to tell you that the other day I really had a bad pee accident. After driving for several hours I was very desperate but usually I can make it to the bathroom,but for some reason I just knew I had go to bad this time. Now I have had many accidents though out the years but most of the time they were on purpose. Most of the time it was with a woman who I shared these experiances at thier request.How ever as I am alone and getting older I m finding that I not only enjoy wetting more but at the same time have a harder time not peeing my pants.Of course it depends on what I ve had to drink and how much. anyway the other day I had two cups of coffee and then a big 52 ounce cup of diet dr pepper,and no I m not diabetic,I just prefer diet soda.

It was about two pm and I had to go for about an hour. Most of the time I can get out of my vehicle with out a problem but some times its just to much and I end up peeing myself.This was one of those occurances and it was not pretty.It seems that I m just fine as long as Im moving but as soon as I come to a stop, its hell to hold it! I was at that point and as I tried to hold it I realized that there was no way in hell I was going to be able to even stand let alone walk 100 or so feet to the toilets.

I grabbed my crotch and wriggled around like a little girl for about twenty minutes,and then it happened.The pee started slowly excaping into my underwear and then my entire crotch was suddenly wet.There I was sitting there peeing through my pants soaking the truck seat and the floor in front of me and I had no control over it. I must have peed for 30 or 40 seconds and when I was through I was completely soaked. I simply got up got some dry cloths on and cleanded up my mess. I hope that I have to pee that bad again soon.I have to pee now but its not one of those real desperate pees and I can surely make it to the bathroom. Well have a good night all, and remember to pee before you leave on a trip......or not.

