Desperation in the Doorway

Author: Alphabetti

*000*2013-07-27 23:04

Heeey this is my first post, so I hope you guys like it!

The other night I was hanging out at my friend's house, we'd been to the theatre and she suggested we went back round hers for a bit, which I happily agreed to. We watched TV for quite a bit, all the while drinking Sprite and Dr Pepper. I must have drunk at least a litre by the time I left at 1.30am, and hadn't peed for over 7 hours.

A bit of description for those of you who like it, I'm 5'7 with size 34C boobs and a nice round ass, but with a flat stomach and quite little waist. My hair is naturally brown, but dyed reddish blonde, and I have super pale white skin. I'm just about to start my second year of sixth form college, which for you Americans is Senior year. I was wearing at the time a navy pinafore dress with navy knee high socks and deep red chunky platform heels. I had on a plain white bra and pink lacy panties, with fitted black shorts over so I didn't flash my bum to the world

I hadn't felt desperate or even needed to pee at all the whole evening, as I usually don't while I'm with company. However as I was unlocking my bike to cycle home, I felt a sharp stab of desperation, and I had to clench all my muscles and bend over slightly with my thighs pressed together to stop from peeing myself right there outside my friend's house. My desperation usually comes on quite suddenly like this, often resulting in rather substantial leaks. This time the urge only lasted about 5 seconds, and I was able to stay dry. I set off on my bike, waving goodbye to my friend.

The cycle home is only about 5 minutes, and as it was the middle of the night the absence of cars made the journey even quicker. As I arrived at my garden gate and began unlocking it to put my bike away, I felt another small twinge, a reminder of my need to pee but nothing particularly urgent. I was tempted to squat and pee right there is my garden for a bit of excitement (peeing outside is majorly arousing for me) but my garden is only patio and I didn't want it to run and get on my shoes or possibly be visible in the morning.

So I locked up the garden and went round to the front door. I stepped inside, shut the door, and instantly realised I should have peed in the garden, as another wave of desperation hit, 10 times more powerful than before. I bent double, hands pressed into my crotch, but couldn't stop a large spurt from escaping and shooting through my panties, shorts and dress. I managed to stem the flow, but I already had a large coin sized wet patch on the front of my skirt, and I could feel the wetness of my panties on my pussy. I hitched up my dress in fear that it would get any more wet, and pressed both my hands between my legs to try and keep control of my bladder, but I was still so desperate I could hardly move.

I was starting to get anxious. I couldn't pee here! We have hardwood floors and it'd by hell to clean up. Plus I didn't want to wake my parents up. So, keeping my left hand pressed tightly into my crotch, I struggled to unbuckle my shoes. It took me a while because I had to keep stopping to bob up and down and jam both hands tight against my pussy to stop the torrent of pee from bursting it's way out. Despite my best efforts I leaked a considerable amount, and by the time I had both shoes off my hand was soaked with pee. I was finally able to make my way to the toilet, and I hobbled upstairs with both hands jammed into my crotch, small jets of pee forcing their way out as i went, but not enough to cause a lot more damage than was already done.

I positively sprinted across the landing into the bathroom, not bothering to shut the door behind me. As soon as I took my hands out of my crotch the leaking became full force peeing, a strong stream of pee pushing it's way out and into my panties. I quickly pulled my shorts and panties down and crashed onto the toilet, my pee splashing out underneath me. I sighed in relief as I finally relaxed and waited for the flow to stop - it felt like forever! Finally it slowed and stopped, and I sat there for a minute or two, shaking with a mixture of relief and arousal. Smiling to myself, I inspected the damage to find my shorts and panties were both completely soaked through, all the way around. I didn't want to get my mattress wet, so changed into clean panties and got into bed, falling asleep completely and utterly satisfied

Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed my story!

Now if you'll excuse me I think I need to go satisfy myself after reliving all that arousal...

