Some school stories

Author: rev

*000*2014-02-04 20:51

Well hello everyone, this is going to be a few of the stories that come from my school days ranging from the first grade to high school. None of these are me just friends who I saw either desperate or wetting themselves all females.

Now for a little background on this, I grew up in a small town in the US on the west coast right on the ocean when I saw small it was only about 2 to 3 thousand depending where you drew the lines. Well the school that I went too was a private Christian school so class sizes were small in comparison to the larger public schools but we still had around 15 to 20 kids in each class. Being a Christian school uniforms were a mandate blue plaid skirts for the girls with white or blue blouses guys wore blue polo shirts and black pants. I went to that school until the 5th grade at that point I left for a charter school which is home school but with a teacher who comes to your house now and then to check up on you.

Story the first

It was only a month into the school year in first grade so the majority of students were rather comfortable with how school and this class was everyone knew each other and so on. That's until a new girl shows up and joins the class, this was a rarity in the school it only happens twice during my time that someone new entered the school after the year began. So the majority of the class treated her with a little coldness never very mean just they'd avoid her if they could, except me I was the kind of kid who went to those the others shunned just because never really thought of it.

Well we became friends rather fast and in two weeks it seemed like she was well on the way to becoming part of the class, that was until her accident happened. It was about 10 in the morning or so class had been going for about 2 hours and it was the time of the day to recite and practice our class bible verse at the time. I sat next to her and everything seemed fine just an average kind of boring part of class. Well the class started reciting and about a minute into it we heard the sounds of a large volume of water hitting the floor the class very suddenly went very quiet we knew what it sounded like since we had been kindergarteners just a year before and the sound had been fairly common. It was a stunned silence though everyone thinking that at our age no classmate should be having accident 1st graders weren’t supposed to do that.

That was mostly due to an almost indoctrination thing where they made it sound like after kindergarten there was some magic age gate

That made it you could always hold and make it on time if you were not a lazy child any accidents that had no medical reasons were due to sheer laziness only. This lead to very strict rules on those who wet themselves, they had to miss recess eating lunch alone in the principal’s office and were given verbal warnings that further incidents were to be punished by having to wear diapers in class otherwise you were not allowed to continue coming to the school.

Anyways back to the story well while everyone was still pretty stunned I just looked toward the girl and to my shock it was her peeing her pants, to which I quickly stepped away due to she was starting to splash me once she had soaked the carpet just under her. The one thing that makes it the most memorable wetting I have ever seen was just the sheer amount was stunning it was like a hose pouring out from under her skirt. This peeing were the single longest peeing/ wetting I have ever seen or even heard it went on for almost two minutes just solid full force peeing. When she finally finished she was escorted out of the class and the rest of us were as well sent out to the playground while they did their cleaning.

The next day she was even more shunned then before they would try to avoid talking to her now they just ignored her all together, except for me I still did everything the same. She even talked to me about the accident, telling me she just had not gotten to pee before coming to class and she was too shy to ask the teacher to let her go so by the time she had to stand up she was at her maximum and her dam simply burst due to the pressure. I'm still impressed by the simple fact she never let on she had to go no wriggling or hands in crotch she was just calm. I still look back at this with some found memories, (she just got back into contact with me via facebook and told me she had fond memories of it too) was because not only did it cement our friendship we became best friends as well.

Now I'll write some more stories a little later, allot of them include her but there are a few that are different people.

