Cashier desperate today

Author: Sinna (2pee4you)

*000*2015-06-01 22:27

I saw the cashier desperate today when I went to buy groceries.

When at the checkout, the cashier on the first register said she wanted to close to go to the toilet, but she would help me quickly. I had more stuff than she had expected and also had to return something. Then, halfway through my stuff, more customers came and put their items on the conveyor belt. She wanted to protest, but there were more people coming and she had to stay open.

Her colleague on the second lane knew what was going on and told her "no problem, I'll fetch you a towel later on". And she herself said "good thing I brought another set of clothes". I am sure they were unaware of any community like this and just joking :) No one besides me had heard that she wanted to go to the toilet.

I came closer to the cashier when I put my things back into the shopping cart. Watching her from the side, I could see her crossed legs and rocking back and forth a little. When I was done, two more people came around the corner and got into her queue. When charging me for my groceries and bread, she used the wrong numbers and clearly had trouble concentrating. When the second try to enter the right number for my vegetables failed, she just charged me some other price that was cheaper for me and mumbled "I can't do this" or something similar. I couldn't understand it very well, but she just shoved the items towards me, well knowing that she had still put in the wrong item number.

I paid and went home, but you should know that the whole checkout side of the store is made of glass walls, so if one would have wanted to watch her from the outside until she would be finally able to go (it was during a peak shopping hour though) - or not - it would have been easily possible. Judging from the queue and the people in the store, she did have a big struggle ahead.

*003*2015-06-11 14:08

Thinking about it siegala, it would have been mean if I had protested about the wrong item numbers (although they were to my advantage) and had her look up and enter all the right numbers. In her state, that could have been a problem ;)

