Wife wets herself in earthquake

Author: AnonymousIsLegion

*000*2011-10-01 07:06

Basically this is a story of my wife soiling herself in the recent earthquake. It went something like this.

(It's just after lunchtime. We are at home. The little ones are playing with some toy or other, I'm studying and my wife is washing plates, cutlery etc. She's wearing a T-shirt with some anime character on it (I have no idea who, I never watch that stuff)and a jean skirt finishing just above her knees. I'm revising the causes of various allergies when the room starts swaying a little. I switch into action-man mode and yell:)

"Earthquake! Under the table!"

(I grab the kids, who have absolutely no idea what's going on, and pull them under the table. The shaking increases. I don't think it's going to be very serious ATM. The wife is just standing still in total panic.)

"Kimiko-chan! Get under here!"

(She still stands there, transfixed in fear. Things start falling off mantelpieces. She suddenly turns and runs for the door. I rugby-tackle her and drag her under (it's lunacy to go outside in an earthquake).

"What the f*** were you doing, you stupid bitch?"

(She's kicking and screaming, having gone into hysterics. The room's rocking back and forward. We're only on the 3rd floor, so it isn't that bad.)

"Let me out of here!"

"Do you have any idea of what could be flying around out there? Stay here!"

(I put her in a restraining position. I am able to see up her skirt at this point. Her previously white underwear is stained yellow at the front and brown at the back. I see that she's pissed on my knee. The children also have puddles around them, but they're 4 so they would obviously be afraid.)

(Unfortunately, I have to go now. I'll continue this later.)

*001*2011-10-01 13:19

"I don't want to die, John-san!"

(Her beautiful green eyes are gripped in fear. She hasn't even noticed that she's soiled herself.)

"You're not going to if you stay here. Just stay calm."

(The shaking goes on for about 5 minutes. I put my hand on her chest and feel her heart hammering. The children are terrified. She passes out from fear. I am feeling a weird sort of feeling like a massive adrenaline rush - like I'm supposed to do something heroic. I stay where I am. Finally, the shaking stops. I let out a sigh of relief. After a while, she comes round again.)

"Is it over?"

"Yes, it's over."

(I kiss her. She looks down and expresses revulsion.)

"Eeuw! I peed myself, and...oh man, this is so embarrassing..."

(She starts to sniff.)

"You don't need to worry. I don't love you less just because you wet yourself, otherwise we would have divorced about 7 times."

"Did Mummy have an accident?"

"Yes, she did, Frank-kun, but you did as well, so you can't exactly laugh at her for it."

"But she's an adult! Adults don't have accidents, do they?"

"Sadly, that isn't true."

(Of course, it's not at all sad for me. XD)

"Kimiko-chan, go and get yourself and the young ones changed. I have lives to save."

(This is a very pretentious thing to say, but I wasn't thinking straight at the time.)

"Can't you just...stay here a while? Just until I can...regain composure?"

"Sadly not. I'm just going to head down to the hospital..."

"Please?"

"No."

(I leave the flat and walk to the hospital, with my right knee still soaked in female pee. Turns out the bigwigs don't want a medical student to help and I was left mopping up vomit and the like for the rest of the day.)

Afterwards I sent Kimiko-chan and our children to stay with her parents further west to avoid the radiation while I went north to the tsunami area, where I was able to help. It's satisfied me a lot to know I played a small part in the crisis.

*003*2011-10-02 06:55

As Homer (Greek Homer, not Homer Simpson) said, "Who are you to meddle with kings?"

Or something like that. I read the Iliad so long ago.

And yes, it is very annoying, but would you want your life to be put in the hands of a student? If you do, I'd like to examine your head.

*005*2011-10-03 15:11

No, Australia's a very nice place. Besides, it has floods and bushfires - who needs earthquakes?

