Traffic playground

Author: Lukhas

*000*2014-10-12 12:35

It can be amazing day. I am in year 6 and we are going to the traffic playground instead school. I have never been in traffic playground before so I want to enjoy it. We are taking one public bus to the playground, it takes it 20 min.

First we are in the classroom and we are talking about traffic rules, traffic signs and all about traffic. After that we are taking break. Some classmates go to the bathroom but not me.

So after we get bikes and we can ride a bike in playgroud. We must observe rules.

Everything is OK but I can notice that I need to pee. Yes, I am drinking much water because riding of my bike is hard. But I am not little child now, so I can only force my need out from my head.

After next 15 min. I am stoping to the lights because I have got a red colour and suddenly I am feeling that a little spring of my pee squirts to my briefs. I am in panic and race to the traffic sign "P" which means parking place.

I am carefully touching my crotch and it is wet, but not so much. At that time come Ellie, my classmate.

Ellie: what do you do here, why do not you ride a bike?

Lukas: ehmmm I think I need to pee badly.... I cannot to concentrate...

Ellie: oh, you should go to the bathroom!

Lukas: there is no bathroom here, I think.

Ellie: yes, there is bathroom in that building where we had teaching in start of the day here.

Lukas: really?

Ellie: yes, did not you hear teacher?

Lukas: not so much, so thanks.

I want to pretend that it is not so bad with my need so I am going slowly to the building. Finally I am here but the door is locked. Why? There is a sign " The key is in serviceman". But who is serviceman, where can I find him? I must try to ask teacher, I really need to pee.

I am back in front of building and looking for teacher. I cannot see her, playground is too big. No, this is not way. I must find place to pee self and pee.

Yes, behind this building can be good to pee. In panic I am racing behind building but at same time I am feeling a little spring in my private area. And the spring is stronger and stronger. Both two my hands are placed quickly in my crotch, but it do not help. I am feeling that my pee run over my hands, down to my jeans, to my knees and down to my trousers. I am not able to stop it. On the end from both of my trousers runs my pee on the floor and create puddle around me.

Oh no, I am standing in my wet jeans here. What can I do now? This is humiliated for me. I do not know why but I am going behind the building and get shock because I meet serviceman there.

Serviceman: what do you do here?

Lukas: I need keys to the bathroom, ehhh....

Serviceman: (now he is noticing my jeans) oh, I think it is too late now. Do you want to use shower?

Lukas: ehhh.... no, sorry

I am racing from this place and going back to parking place to ride bike again. I try to pretend as all is OK and I am sitting on my bike again. So i am riding my bike again on not so much busy "streets" and pretend as I enjoy this day. But one thing is clear. I cannot hide it, my trousers are still wet and my jeans has light blue colour. And we are finishing in some minutes here.......

*002*2014-10-12 13:06

We are going to school if we are between 6-7 years old, so I was almost 13 years old. And at that age it is more humiliated than you are in year 1 or 2.

