Cold Air Not Good for Full Bladders

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-12-19 23:41

When I was an early teenager, I had a paper route. I had to deliver the morning newspaper, which was promised to be on the customer's door step by 6:00 am. This meant some early rising.

Now, I have always and still have trouble using the bathroom when I first get up; nothing medical, just one of those things. Fifteen to thirty minutes after getting up, I'm ready to go.

Now, everyone knows how cold makes you feel like you have to go – or at least it does for me. So I'd try to go, and sometimes I would and sometimes I couldn't. The worst was when I'd start to go, but not be able to finish. That felt like my pee was just on the bring of squirting out, and if I wasn't careful, it would.

So, this extremely cold morning, I managed to go a little, then had to dress and hit the streets to meet my deadline. As soon as I stepped outside, the urge to go grew exponentially. I hated to go back in; that meant the third degree from Mom. I decided to tough it out, and did for about two minutes. By then I knew that I was going to urinate. I headed for the house, but got not half way there, when I urinated in my pants. It just started and ran all down my legs. Well, hell.

I decided just to go on and run my rout; that takes about an hour. Nobody's up, and that would give me time to decide how to explain the pee stripes on the insides of my pants legs to my Mom.

Two blocks down, I slid a paper onto Mrs. Gaines' porch and turned to go, when Mrs. G. opened the door and called to me. She wanted to pay her bill that day, because she was going away. Great! Good customer! And no problem, it was dark; Mrs. G wouldn't see anything.

Even when Mrs. G asked me to come up on the porch , things were still ok. Then she turned on the porch light. She tried not to let on that she saw my wet pants; but I could tell she had.

But she said nothing. Okay; good; I was safe.

Wrong again! When I got home, Mrs. Gaines had already called my Mom. The way Mom interrogated me, she should have been an FBI agent. At least she didn't waterboard me. I guess she thought me wet enough already.

Worst was yet to come. At school, every other person asked me if I really wet my pants. If I had been diagnosed with boubonic plague, I wouldn't have gotten so much attention, and certainly more sympathy.

