Wetting at my first job

Author: omorashi lover

*000*2011-06-23 04:17

I used to work as a broiler in a restaurant. There was this waitress there whose name was Kathy. She used to wear extremely tight jeans, because the tips were better, she said.

One particular day, after we closed she came to me for help in an embarassing situation. She had to pee very badly and her zipper was stuck. She tried to get it down but could not and asked me if I could try to unzip her pants.

What a fantastic and exciting request. I must say at this time that I was a closet wetter but still I have never let it be known until this writing. The prospect of seeing someone else wet themselves was quite possible here.

Kathy was very desparate and was almost crying when she asked me to help. I tried(seriously) to uundo her zipper but it was really caught. I got out a pair of plyers to help me in my endeavor. I tugged and tugged. A small wet spot had begun to appear. Kathy was really desparate now.

She said to get a pair of scissors and cut/wreck the jeans or zipper if I had to. I said to let me give it one more final tugged. She said okay but hurry. I tugged real hard. So hard that Kathy lost her balance and fell on me. I felt my leg get extremely wet and realized that Kathy had indeed done the deed. She had peed. We must have laid there in that heap for a minute or so, but it seemed like and eternity.

When she got off of me, Kathy really apologized and begged me not to tell any of our co-workers. I agreed and we noticed that her zipper had finally became unstuck with my last tug. I lent her a pair of pants that all the staff in the kitchen have to wear. We went out for a few drinks that night and we ended up making love at her place when I took her home. She said that the sex was payment for keeping my silence about her accident. I never told anyone until now. We never had any real contact after that night except for verbal pleasantries at work. The thought of her wetting herself led me on a search for other women who would have an accident or pee themselves for me on purpose. I find the real accidents more exciting though.

