Drive-Thru

Author: buggy2013

*000*2015-11-26 12:57

I had a few close calls when I worked at McDonald's (worked there for quite a bit)

We were allowed free fountain drinks, so long as we weren't sipping at them while serving customers and they were picked up and out of the way. This may be where my mild addictio to Dr. Pepper stems from, but that's another story.

I was usually put at the drive-thru window because I could multitask fairly well, and was frequently trusted to keep up with a busy Saturday or a dinner rush without goofing up people's orders and change. This meant I had more of an opportunity to sit there and drink soda during my shift, as I live in a very rural area, so we didn't really get that much business.

Most of my shifts included washing dishes, assembling Happy meals, and drinking soda; while taking the occasional order.

Being as I have the habit of letting myself fill up nicely before going to the bathroom as my personal norm, there were plenty of times where I was absolutely desperate by mistake.

Like once, I filled up nice and full, but decided to go before I started dishes (as that always triggered my need). Unfortunately, we had just started lockdown (a block of time that we're supposed to stay at our work station no matter what, as its supposed to be our peak selling time. some bs thing designed for best customer service.)

I asked if someone could wear my headset so I could slip out to the restroom and my boss told me it was lockdown and made me go back to my post.

The restaurant was freaking empty... but whatever. I went back and decided that I could wait no problem for the end of the hour when we would be free range again.

That ended up being way harder than I thought, and I was starting to get really shifty and squirmy. I tried to distract myself by writing stories in my head while I assembled cutlery sets. It worked really well, and by the time I'd finished the task we were 10 minutes out of lockdown. Delighted, I slipped up front again to repeat my request.

Again, I was shot down, as the manager had just sent someone on their 30 min break. Lacking coverage, I was forced to return to my post with my bladder aching.

That thirty minutes lasted forever. I stopped writing stories in my mind because soon all of the characters were just as desperate as I was getting. As it was my story I knew full well that someone was destined to not make it in time, and I really couldn't afford to think like that right then. I could feel my work pants digging into my bladder and it was maddening. The next task on my list of extras was stocking the coolers. So I danced around as i made a list of things I needed from the back and headed to the storage. I started with dry stock (sauces, forks, cups, etc) hoping to outlast my coworker's break. I guess that was the wrong plan, because she came back from break, and the manager said I could use the restroom once I was done with stock.

Whilst cursing a blue streak to myself, I hurried to the walk-in cooler to finish my task. Once that heavy door shut behind me I almost lost it. The cold air seemed to take my bloated bladder and squeeze it. I stood there shaking with crossed legs for a very long time, knowing that relief was only a few bottles of milk away.

I finally managed to get through the rest of stock without embarrassing myself when my headset beeped. I had to take an order...

I rushed back to my computer and took the order and waited very impatiently for the money. I was ready to cry when the headset beeped again-and again-and again. and the next thing I know, we're stuck in a rush and I think I'm going to wet myself.

I focused all of my mental energy on manners and making correct change while all my physical energy was trying to keep the floodgates sealed. I actually had several accidental leaks (something that doesn't usually happen)

When we'd finally gotten through our last car I knew that my wet butt would be obvious if I were wearing anything other than those black work pants. The manager came back to remind me that I was off the clock, and I almost leapt for joy when I saw the time. I tossed aside my headset and flew out to the lobby... would you guess that there's a line for the toilet...

So I went outside, past the parking lot to a grassy area with a picnic table that acts as a smoking are for employees. I sat in the grass and held my phone to my ear and pretended to make a call while I peed for a very long time. It felt pretty hot to have people walking right by me and even making eye-contact with a few with only the protection of my phone being held to my ear all while secretly gushing a whole lake held up from a 9-hour shift.

*005*2015-11-26 18:59

@realmadrid

I went right through my pants!

*011*2015-11-27 15:13

@Kez : high five!!!

After that it was a bit awkward. I had to put a towel down on my car seat. (I was lucky I carried it for showers at school after practice, and always had a mess of extra stuff in my backseat)

I drove home and stealthily navigated to my bedroom and hid everything to put in the wash later. Could've been worse.

