Peeing walking down the road

Author: WetJeansGuy82

*000*2014-04-17 02:03

I want to start by explaining what happened. I was walking across the state with my ex-girlfriend.

We were on our way to Detroit, where our family lived, and had no ride. We were walking down this super long road, with no houses for miles, and hadn't seen a car for over an hour.

We were walking and all the sudden my girlfriend (at the time) says " I have to pee pretty bad" and I said " we should be to a place soon enough ". We then proceeded to walk for a good 20 more minutes or so, and still no place in sight at all. The road even turned into a dirt road by then. She turns to me with her legs crossed, and says " I really have to pee, honey ".

I said "actually, I do too ". I said " where are you gonna pee? There is LOTS of woods on both sides of us " she says " I'm not squatting on the ground! I'll get a bug on my butt! " I said to her " well then, where are you gonna pee?! " she said I don't know....(with a worried voice and legs shaking)

I then said " well, I've got to pee " and started to walk off to the side of the road.

She grabbed my shirt, and said " uh uh....if I can't pee, you can't pee! "

I stood there for a second in amazement, (getting a hint she was trying to make me pee in my pants)

I said, "I have to pee though......" She just looked at me, and said "where are you gonna go now"?

(I JUST found out at that point in time, THAT MOMENT, she was into pee!) I said, " I guess in my pants because you won't let me go!" She said " I didn't know you would do that for me, or I would have brought it up a long time ago"! I said " I was afraid to bring it up, because I thought you would judge me.."

She put her hand between my legs, and said "let it go"..... I said " I'm not going to go in my pants until I see you do it " she stood RIGHT THERE and let it go. It started in between her legs, then flooded her pants, glistening ran right down the insides of her legs, and formed a puddle at her feet before it soaked into the ground. Then she squatted while she was peeing, and it soaked her butt too.

She finished, looking down, and said " well.....piss your pants, baby! " I stood right there, and peed in my jeans right in front of her, while I looked at her soaking wet jeans! I soaked almost my WHOLE PAIR OF PANTS I had to pee so bad! Then, RIGHT AS I was peeing in my pants, A CAR CAME BY! A man and woman in a hatchback car passed us, then pulled over, and honked. My girlfriend walks up to them, IN peed pants with no shame, and says " we are alright....thank you though".

I said " that was brave " she said " it kinda turned me on to be in peed pants talking to people...let's walk ". I said " you don't want to kinda dry first "? She said " for what? I'm gonna keep peeing while I'm walking anyways.....aren't you "? I smiled and said " I am now "!

Needless to say we needed a shower when we got there. What an unforgettable experience.

