Close Call (with pics)

Author: Spoony

*000*2014-08-18 19:58

So, here's a little write-up on a close call I had last Friday. Only a minor leak.

I'd been quite bad last Friday anyway for frequent trips to the loo and back and that evening it was a work buddie's leaving do, so we were off to the pub for drinks. Firstly, as I was getting a lift, I hadn't been given time after my pint of water to go for a quick visit, so by the time we got to the pub I was already sort of desperate - prob about a 3 or 4.

As I felt it would be impolite to head straight to the ladies room, I ordered myself a pint of ale and we all sat down and chatted for a bit. After drinking half the pint I really had to go and didn't want to embarrass myself in front of colleagues by showing my desperation so I got up and went - which I'm glad I did because it was a labyrinth and trip UPSTAIRS to the toilets!

A'hoo, after I'd been for pub toilet visit number one, I came back down and finished the rest of my pint - bearing in mind how much I'd been weeing that day, it didn't take long for my bladder to start filling up again and I was getting a little nervous. I managed to carry on talking without showing any signs of need and then my boss went to get another round, so I had the same again.

By the time he'd got back from the bar with the drinks (only my second pint!) my bladder was full and I was already at a level 6 on the need to pee scale! I didn't want my colleagues to think there was something wrong by visiting the toilet again so soon so I steeled my nerve and quaffed about a quart of ale whilst conversation resumed. I was started to feel like a ticking time bomb now! I don't really show much of a bladder bulge as I'm quite a large woman, but boy could I feel it pressing against my jeans (yes, my jeans, BIG mistake!).

I sat there wiggling my legs a bit, trying to not make any noise.

I sipped another couple of mouthfuls of ale - alarm bells were starting to ring, and I had "Highway to the Danger Zone" going round in my head! I was going to need to go again soon, didn't care what they'd think of me, rather they think I was weak than peeing in front of my bosses! As I stood up urgently I nearly flipped the table, causing a little bit of a scene so everyone looked up, I thought the best way to deal with it was to show face and down more of my ale! I put it down with just under a quarter left and fought my way through the now busier bar to the labyrinth leading to the toilets.

Each step up was agony as I tried hard to not let go, but waves of desperation were surging through me and I could feel my pee sloshing about in my bladder.... I leaked a couple of times and groaned in desperation, having to stop for a few moments to try and regain composure! As I got to the ladies room there was a queue, fortunately only two people long! By the time the last person in front of me had gone into a cubicle I'd started leaking bad, there was definitely a damp patch forming on the seat of my jeans as I was doubled over trying to not pee - fortunately the cubicle door opened and I managed to get in, yanks shorts down and let go!

Seriously worrying close call that one! Managed to get a couple sneaky desperation pics whilst I was waiting on my own!

*003*2014-08-18 22:20

Seriously thought I'd contracted a UTI from all the holding - but I seem to be back to normal now!

*008*2014-08-19 05:26

Thank you wetting man!

*012*2014-08-25 23:14

Cheers you two hotties ;-)

*017*2014-09-18 16:16

{{ 

Very classy.

}}

It didn't bother me, in fact, his comment turned me on a bit!

*019*2014-09-18 16:51

Will put pics if and when there is a next time!

