My "almost made it" accidents

Author: lachwet

*000*2013-12-27 21:59

I really don't like wetting myself, i am only interested in real female desperation and real female accidental wetting.

But i know there are others here that might enjoy male desperation and accidents, so therefore i'll share it:

All my three grown-up accidents happened when i came home and desperately tried to reach the toilet in time.

1.

I had been visiting a friend living a few km away from me. When i left his house i needed to pee a little, but not much. Not so much that i would visit the toilet, normally. It was a little cold and moist in the air. During the walk home i didn't feel very desperate at any point. The one thing that amused me is that the moment i stepped inside i felt a very strong and sudden urge to pee. Even though i hadn't been desperate earlier... I suspect it was mostly caused by the change in temperature, and a little bit by the stop.

When standing you feel the need to pee much more than when walking...

As i got inside i realized i better hurry. The urge to pee was coming in strong rapid waves.

I took of my jacket in a hurry and hang it off. Then i untied my shoes. But squatting down to untie them just made things worse. I was struggling badly to hold back. I could feel the pee was already in my urethra. Then, when i was still struggling with my shoes, i felt a droplet or five come out.

Then a little bit more. And a little bit more.

I finally got my shoes off and rushed through the kitchen, then through the hallway passing the livingroom. I felt more and more droplets force it's way out on the way. No matter how hard i tried to hold it back. And i could feel that my boxers was getting wet, and the crotch of my pants.

I was sharing an apartment with 4 other students. We were 3 girls and 2 guys. I really hoped no-one was at home now, or at least not in the livingroom, or anywhere i had to pass to reach the bathroom.

As i was getting closer to the bathroom, it was getting harder and harder to hold my pee back. The small leaks got bigger. In front of the bathrrom door i had a spurt, not just a small drip. Then, another spurt in front of the toilet. In a hurry i unzipped my pants. I was on the brink on "exploding" in my pants. It was just a matter of moments before i would pee uncontrollably. But i barely managed to open my pants and avoid a full catastrophe.

Afterwards i checked my pants. I was wet in the crotch and a bit down my thighs. Not a big stain, but very visible on my green, "army style" pants. And i had spotted one of my roommates sitting in the sofa in the livingroom. I decided to take some of my laundry hanging for drying and carry it to my room, using it to hide my small accident.

I'm pretty sure that noone noticed it.

The thing that amused me the most about this is that i was so completely taken by surprice. Even though i needed to pee a bit before i left my friends house I really didn't feel desperate at all before i reached the stair to my house. And then, it suddenly it turned into an emergency...

So it is definately possible to overestimate your ability to hold it...

One of my female roommates had a very similar, but much bigger accident once. And once more, the same girl had an "almost peed herself" incident when she came home. If anyone is interested, i could post descriptions of those two incidents (anonymizing her, off course)

2.

It was during my eastern holiday when i was a student. Iwas spending eastern holiday at my parents house, in my hometown. I had been out partying. I was walking back home from downtown, a distance of about 3 km.

I had been drinking, and i was a bit drunk. Not wasted, just in party mood.

On the way home i started noticing that i needed to pee. At first it wasn't that bad. But as i got close to my parents house, it was rapidly getting worse. Exponentially worse, i would say. This was in the middle of the night, so my parents was sleeping.

Just in front of the entrance door it got really bad. And i realized that i needed to hurry to the bathroom.

I got inside. And immediately it turned into an emergency. It felt like the pee was starting to intrude into my urethra. Then, when i took of my jacket and hang it fff, i felt the first droplets force it's way out.

Then i paniced. I untied my shoes an a big hurry. More and more droplets forced it's way out. The small leaks was getting gradually bigger. Then the small droplet leaks turned into one small, but continuously leak as i took the first steps down the stairway towards the bathroom. I mobilized all my strength to stop the leak.

But i was only able to stop it for a few moments. As i used all my energy to hold it back, my desperation grew to an unmanageable level.

And soon i couldn't hold it back anymore. A small spurt came out in my pants. Then another one, a second later. It was impossible to avoid it. Then a longer spurt. The last few meters the spurts got bigger and bigger.

Inside the bathroom, just in front of the toilet i peed a long, uncontrollable stream, soaking the inside of my jeans. Almost all the way down.

I was paralyzed when it happened, i just stood there for a sec.

Then, as i managed to stop it, i felt the desperation rapidly build up again.

I realized that i had to get my pants down NOW, or else i would loose it all in my pants. I was on the brink of peeing it all in my pants, when i desperately unzipped.

I started peeing uncontrollably a moment before i got my pants down. Then a second later i peed the rest in the toilet.

My jeans was completely soaked on the inside of my legs, and some of it had even reached my socks. There was a lot of pee on the front of my thighs and there was many small droplets on the floor.

I cleaned up, and hid my soaked pants and boxer shorts in a plastic bag. I cleaned it the next day, when my parents was out of the house for some time.

3.

My third, and so far, last accident happened in april this year. It was a saturday night and i had been at a bar downtown having a few half liters of beer with a couple of friends.

My friends decided to go home around 00:30. And i decided to go to a club, where i knew that some other friends was at the moment.

It was around 15 minutes walk away.

As i got there, there was a quite long line at the entrance. I got in the line.

The line was moving slow. Very slow. After half an hour i started noticing a girl in front of me. She was squirming on the spot a lot. She crossed and uncrossed her legs very often.

For periods she was squirming and moving on the spot all the time. And in-between, she had calmer periods. When doing her pee-pee moves she also rubbed her legs and knees together. She was definitely starting to become desperate.

I felt that the beers from earlier that night started to kick in. The line was moving quite slow. I overheard the entrance guards saying that the club was full, and they could only let people in when someone left. Then i realized that, if i stayed, it would take a looong time before i got in.

For the next 30 minutes i discretely watched the desperate girl in front of me. It looked like she was slowly getting more desperate, as time passed.

But somehow, my own need to pee was increasing too. I decided to stay some more, and see how fast the line in front of me was shrinking. As i stood there, very few people was leaving the club.

And hence, very few people was let in.

After one hour in this line i decided to go home. I wouldn't get in this night anyway, and i needed to pee quite much. From here i had around 10-12 minutes to walk home.

A couple of minutes after i started walking, my need to pee started growing. Fast. Very fast. Soon i was desperate. I felt the urges of pee come and go. And it was gradually getting more intense. On the route i had a park on my right hand side for a while. I strongly considered getting into the park and find a bush.

But at the same time, i didn't want to get caught. This is the "castle park", and the area is therefore paroled by the kings guards. And also, the police is frequenting the park after a series of incidents the recent years.

So i considered it a big risk, and decided to wait until i reached home.

For the next minutes my need to pee just got worse. Soon i got a few "pee shivers", or "pee-spasms", where i shaked a bit on my upper body, especially in my shoulders.

I was walking fast. The waves of pee-urge was coming frequently. A few of them was so intense that i wasn't sure i would be able to hold it back.

I was soon reaching a street intersection with a few clubs and pubs. It is always quite crowded there friday and saturday night. From there i have 170 m of walking distance too the block where i live.

Fortunately, i didn't need to stop, to cross the road. If i had to, i think i might have lost control right there, all in public.

I hurried the last 170 meters towards my block. For a short time, the pee-urges was gone. But as i got closer to my block they came back with full strength.

As i unlocked and opened the entrance door it became critical. I live at the 5th floor, and the elevator is very slow. I knew that i wasn't going to be able to hold it until i reached my apartment.

On the ground floor there is a laundry room. And adjacent to the laundry room there is a poor little toilet. It is always a bit dirty, and someone in the block is using it as a smoking room. Also, the flushing mechanism is broken, so you cannot flush the toilet.

But it was my last hope. I rushed towards the door leading to the basement, laundry room and the crappy toilet. During those last few steps I was on the brink of loosing my bladder.

I took up my keys and frantically unlocked the door.

At the same moment i lost control. I started peeing uncontrollably. First a quite long spurt came out, before i managed to stop it.

There was just a few meters to the toilet. But as i walked, i started peeing again. A continuous stream this time. It was unstoppable. And the stream was quite strong. I felt it soak my right thigh quickly.

In panic i opened the toilet door and got inside. I was still peeing uncontrollably. I unzipped and and grabbed that rebellious fire hose. I hadn't had time to turn on the light inside the toilet, so i aimed in the darkness towards where i thought the toilet was. I heard it splashing towards the floor. Soon i found the toilet in the darkness, and peed the rest into the toilet.

Then i found the light switch and inspected the damage. I was wet all over the front and inside of my right thigh, and a little bit under my knee.

And a little bit on the left side too, but no nearly as bad. And there was a lot of pee on the floor, as i mostly missed the target in the dark...

I really hoped that i wouldn't meet anyone i the hallway or the elevator on my way upstairs to my apartment. There was a moderate risk of this, as there are many young people living in this block, hence many people coming home late saturday night...

I took off my jacket and held it in my hand. I used it to hide my wet pants, in case i would meet anyone. Luckily for me, i didn't meet anyone.

This was the most public of my accidents, and the one with the highest risk of getting seen.

