Desperate Drive and a Surprise :)

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-12-24 02:14

One evening, after a day spent fooling around with pee, my lover "Dylan" and I had to go pick up his mom's car at the airport. So we hopped into his sweet ride with a couple bottles of water (like I really needed it!) and drove down to the airport. It wasn't a far drive, but I'd long ago broken my seal, and although I'd just gone before we'd left, I needed to pee again by the time we arrived at the parking garage. I was about to tell Dylan, even though I didn't want to, that I was going to pee in the parking garage when he discovered he'd brought the wrong set of keys.

So, we had to go all the way back to his place. When we got there I was about to tell him I wanted to run in and use the bathroom real quick, but before I could say anything he said "I'll be right back!" and dashed into the house. He was back before I could even think about it again, and I wanted to be coy and hide my desperation from him. I was still at a point where it was possible, especially since I'm so naturally fidgety.

Back a the parking garage, Dylan and I got out. Now would be the time to tell him my dilemma, but he hurried me into the driver's seat of his car, and hopped in his mom's SUV. It was only my second time in that city, so I didn't know it so well yet, and I had no choice but to follow him out of the parking garage, and back to his place. I had to squirm and hold myself the whole way. I don't know if he looked back to see how much my driving was suffering. I had not brought my phone with me, so I had no way of telling him I didn't think I could hold my pee until we got back. I just had to hope and do everything I could to make it back to the house.

When we got back, I couldn't even park his car, I couldn't concentrate. He seemed a little short-tempered, but he stepped in to park it while I apologized. I found out later he didn't know what kind of state I was in...having been so wrapped up in his own. The moment the garage door closed behind us, Dylan stopped and said "Oh...fuck..." and pissed hard in his jeans.

"Ohhhhh..." I moaned. "You have no idea what you're doing to me!" I began wetting my sweats, still struggling to hold back the flood.

Dylan held me close and kissed me. "You're so beautiful. Come on, let's go into the bathroom."

We went into the downstairs bathroom and loved the hell out of each other while we peed all over ourselves and one another. We got the rug and each other all wet and played until we got cold.

