Growing Pains

Author: murphdog

*000*2014-03-10 06:48

If I remember those child development classes that I had to take to satisfy my humanities credits, how we view things as adults has a lot to do with how we were brought up. Kind of a duh. For me and many who were raised in the time period that I was (born in the early 60's) wettings ones pants without a very valid excuse had a high probability that your little bottom was going to get warmed twice. Certainly as a child the second was not so fun ( much more fun as an adult).

In general, care givers were reasonable tolerate of a legitimate accident. I remember once the button on my pants got stuck and I could not get it open until it was too late. I got a lot of empathy and my mom reworked the button so as to prevent that from happening again. This is a story about when I had an accident that was not so legitimate.

Growing up we had a grand total of two channel on TV and that was a maybe. VCRs would not show up for another ten plus years. Cartoons were limited to Saturday Morning. I was about seven or so and like most kids I could really get into cartoons. One of my favorite was the Pink Panther that came on at 7:00 am. Note before this there was nothing on TV except a test screen. The station signed out at Midnight and returned at 7:00 there was nothing on between those hours. On most Saturday mornings I was up well before 7:00 and had time to use the bathroom. This particular morning I was a bit late getting up and the PInk Panther was already on.

I figured that I could hold it and check the bathroom between the Pink Panther and the Bugs Bunny Road Runner Hour. My mom was up shortly after I was and noticed right away that I was fidgeting. She asked if I need to use the bathroom, and I told her that I could wait no problem. In retrospect I am sure I showed way too much bravado. She gave me one of those mother looks, all as she said was "Don't wet your pants". Well I got to laughing at the antics of the Pink Panther and before I knew it I was in trouble. I tried to make a dash for the bathroom but didn't quite make it. I soaked my pajamas and did it right in front of my mom who was in the kitchen.

Mom was not impressed, but did not say a whole lot, always a bad sign. She finished what she was doing and without much conversation marched me into the laundry room where she had me strip off my wet pajamas and underwear. She promptly put them in the washer. Now in the laundry room was a dirty clothes hamper and right on top were a pair of my dads work pants. In those pants was a large leather belt. Without a word my mom slowly pulled the belt out of my dads pants, setting it aside while she put the remaining clothes into the wash and got it started. 

She folded the belt in half took me by the hand and lead me to "The Chair" in the living room. I didn't have to be told what was about to happen, and I am sure that I was crying my eyes out as I bent over the chair and assumed the position exposing my bare little bottom. Dads belt hurt like hell even when it was still on his pants which was kind of the point. I am sure I never got more than maybe half a dozen light taps that made her point quite clear. Needless to say I never made that mistake again.

This was pretty much the standard for when and where I grew up. Consequently the two acts will always be tied together to a certain degree within my demographic. For the record being spanked for wetting your pants was generally a light spanking and you were on your way again. I was paddled one other time for peeing my swimming suit in the sprinkler. I had a co conspirator in the neighbor girl but that is a story for another day.

