Wet on the beach and likely seen

Author: Barry

*000*2016-01-14 22:49

It was a hot day yesterday. We had a couple of beers after work, then I had another as soon as I got home. It was still over 30 degrees at 5:30, so I decided to go for a swim at the beach. By this stage the beer had filtered through me, and I was starting to need to pee. I tried inviting the wife and daughter for a swim, but they weren't interested. If they had of came, I would've gone to the toilet before we left, but as they didn't want too, I decided to wait until I got there and have some fun.

I'm lucky to live only a 5 minute walk from the beach. Plus, the part I go to is very quiet. The main car parks are a bit further north and south, and I go over a track that puts me in a stretch of sand that not many people go to. I changed into a pair of board shorts that are mostly white, but have a diagonal black and green stripe across the front. They're made out of a fairly thick canvas like style of cotton, and I've wet myself in them many times before. I know from experience that the white legs become almost transparent, and it's very easy to tell when they get wet.

I drank another beer on the walk, and took a few with me as well. By the time I got there, I was really feeling the need to pee. I wasn't leg crossing desperate, but was starting to feel a touch uncomfortable.

As I hit the sand I noticed that there was nobody to my right for at least 200 meters, and apart from an elderly couple in the water to my left maybe 50 meters away, I once again had that part of the beach to myself.

I turned to my right, and walked just a little bit further to give me some more space from the couple in the water. I sat down and opened another beer, then lit a cigarette.

I sat in the hot sand and looked around, confirming that I was alone. There was a guy and his daughter walking in my direction but they were a long way away. So as I sat there I relaxed my bladder for a 5 count, and immediately felt hot pee start to trickle over my private parts, and I looked down and saw liquid forcing its way through the fabric and making the sand under my crotch change colour.

I stopped the flow temporarily, stretched my legs out, and gazed at the now noticeable wet spot on my front. As I finished my smoke, I kept letting small dribbles and squirts out, but kept monitoring the flow, and didn't just flood myself all at once. I let my hand sneak down there and gave a squeeze, and surreptitiously explored the growing wet patch with my fingers.

I was quietly sitting there enjoying the feeling of wetting my pants outdoor in a public place, even though there was nobody around. The guy and his daughter were still approaching, although still far away, and my need to empty my bladder was increasing dramatically now I had started leaking, so I decided to fully wet and then go in the water before they got too close.

I stood up and just let go. My undelivered pee just exploded out of me. My shorts couldn't contain it, and it erupted out of my shorts and poured down my legs. Not just in trickles but in waves. I stood there while rivers of hot pee soaked my shorts and streamed all over my legs and feet, and soaked the sand underneath them.

The guy walking with his kid had turned away and was walking in the other direction, and hadn't gotten within 200 meters of me, and I was still alone. I heard a motor revving and noticed a boat approaching from my right towing a wake boarder. He was really good, doing tricks and stuff until he fell over right in front of me, but still a fair way out, and I decided as soon as they left I would enter the water.

But I hadn't been watching the elderly couple. They had been slowly swimming towards my part of the beach and I hadn't noticed. By now they were only about 20 meters to my left, although about 50 meters away in the water in a straight line.

I was standing there in obviously fully pissed in shorts, and debated walking into the water which meant getting closer to them, or just waiting for them to leave. The boat started up again and took off, so it was only the couple in the water and myself left now.

Then I heard some noise. A family was approaching down the track.

I couldn't just sit there any longer, so I approached the water. My legs were glistening and my shorts were obviously completely soaked. As I got near the water a bunch of kids ran into the sand from the track that was now directly behind me, followed by their parents. I couldn't turn around now if I wanted too. I had to keep walking into the water towards the elderly couple.

The man in the water was still about 20 meters from me, but made eye contact and nodded hello as I walked in. I'd swear he did a double take when he looked at me, but that's probably just paranoia. He was still a reasonable distance from me and I think unless he was super observant he wouldn't have noticed.

But it did feel a bit embarrassing to be walking around in wet pants so close to a complete stranger.

