My friend soaked her jeans while i was desperate

Author: DesperateAriel

*000*2013-09-25 21:29

Excuse my english, I'm Norwegian.

This week I was lucky enough to witness one of my female friends wet her jeans. My friend has long brown hair and blue eyes, She was wearing tight denim jeans and a losse black tank top. The weather was not too cold, thinking of that it is Autumn. It was weekend and me and my friend had gone shopping the whole day. When the clock was around 2 it allready seemed like she had to pee, I have no idea how she could hold it for as long as she did, because she was allready starting to walk weird and she often held her hand between her legs, but clearly Trying to hide it. Around 3 o'clock we were both getting hungry, there is a small restaurant at the mall and we decided to go get some food. She sat down with her legs presser tightly togeter and she seemed pretty desperate to go to the toilet. I lost my fork on the floor and when i bendt down to pick it up I could see that she was holding har hand between her legs.

When we were done eating the clock was almost 4. The mall is open until 5 so we decided to go look in the shops some more. After a while she seemed really desperate, she was bounching up and down and it seemed like she could barely walk, she was clearly struggelig Trying to hide her need to pee, but not as much as she was struggelig to hold it back. After About 30 minutes of looking at clothes she poker my shoulder. She said: "do you know if there is a toilet somewhere?" I told her that we should go looking for one. I knew where the toilets were but I really wanted to watch her deseration, so I made sure we looker in all the wrong places. It looker like she would not be able to hold it for another minute, and i could see that she was alot more desperate that she wanted anyone to know.

She turned to me and said "We have been looking for 15 minutes, the mall is closing soon." I actually had to pee myself to, quite alot. But I was not Even half as desperate as her, and I knew I could hold it for atleast another hour before i got really desperate. "Yeah, but we have not walked that way yet" I said, knowing it was the right way and really hoping she would not make it all the way to the toilet. Most people had left the mall and there were no more people around when we reached the toilet. I was so sure she was going to pee herself right at the spot, but she had a huge bladder and Nothing came out yet. When we reached the door There was a sign on the door, it said that the toilet was broken and that we could not use it.

I went really happy, but made sure not to show it. My friend sighed out loud, holding her hand between her legs and bounching up and down making no attempt to hide her desperation. Then the speakers on the wall shouted: "The mall is closing in 10 minutes, please leave." There Is a 45 minutes long walk home, there is no way she could hold her pee that long. She has such a huge bladder, and I really wanted to see her soak her jeans with so much pee, Just thinking of how much pee she was holding inside her bladder now. She drinks alot of water, just like me. And she did not stop drinking bottle after bottle of water Even tought she barely could prevent herself from soaking her jeans. I tought About it, All the bottles of water we bought. She must have had atleast 6 bottles, and 3 of them was after she started to really need to pee. She took up her bottle and drank alittle more water.

The sound of the water made me realise that I relly had to pee alot too, but I was not really desperate. But I decided to have some fun exiting myself Even more by telling her that I was extreamly desperate to pee too. I allready had my legs pressed tight together since I really had to pee, so I put my hand between my legs and said "Omg why is the toilet closed!? I don't know if I can make it all the way to your house, I am really desperate!" It was not completly true, Even tough I really had to pee a lot it was not as bad as I said. I just wanted to make the situation Even more exiting. "Me neighter! I have never been this desperate to pee before!" She said. "We better start walking" I said. We went out of the mall and started walking the 45 minutes to her house. She was so desperate she could barely walk, while I could still walk. I pretended to be really desperate by walking a bit weird tough.

Most of The way to her house was not for cars, and it was alot wood and Frams on the way. I allready knew there would be nowhere to hide and pee on the whole way to her house since there was barely anything Else than tree's in the wood. There was no bushes on the whole way to her house. As i tought About it I found it Kind of weird that I am this lucky. My friend is extreamly desperate, and definetly going to soak her jeans. I stopped and she turned around to face me. We had been walking for only about 5 minutes and we were on the wide road in the wood with no cars around.

Time to have some fun i tought "I don't know if I can hold it much longer" I said, making myself look like I was Even more desperate to pee than i acctually was. "Lets keep on walking. I am going to pee myself if we stop" she said, bounching up and down with her legs pressed tight together, holding both her hands between her legs. She is going to pee herself so soon I tought. Since she was walking infront of me i kept starring on her making sure i would see it when she peed.

About 10 minutes later, when we had been walking for 15 minutes she let out a pretty load Moan and her skinny, light coloured denim jeans got a small dark spot, when she peed a little. I was so sure she was going to soak her jeans right there and then, but she just pressed her hand hard between her legs and stopped more pee from comming. it was a really small dark spot, but she must have tought it was Even smaller because she just kept on walking as if I had not noticed that she almost peed herself. Short time , around 5 minutes guess, I was starting to get really desperate too, for real this time. But I was in the mood for having some more fun, and I was going to try and make her tell me that she peed alittle. I stopped, leting out a little moan.

"What happend?" She asked, she could barely turn around to face me without soaking her jeans. "i think I just peed a little, does it show?" I asked. But she said it didn't. And that was really not so weird, because Even tough I was getting really desperate to pee too, I didn't pee. "I think I may have peed quite alot into my pants too" she said, but I allready knew that. "There's only 25 minutes until we are home, let's just keep on walking." I could hear her desperate moans and sighs comming more and more often. 10 more minutes had passed, and we were in the last part of the forrest with only 15 more minutes to walk. I could barely controll my own bladder at this point, and I knew she was going to pee herself very soon. I could see the dark spot on her jeans growing more and more as she peed alittle and alittle to her jeans every 5th second, It was happening right now.

She peed alittle more. The dark sports on her jeans was now showing of very clear, And I knew she could soak her jeans any second. She stopped and turned to face me, while I could barely hold my own pee. "Oh my god, It's comming!" She said. It was like her bladder exploded when a stream of pee came uncontrollably down her leg as she tried to hold it back. There was nowhere she could go. She moaned loudly Trying to keep back her pee but it just kept comming and she stopped fighting it. She must have the lagret bladder of everyone I know. She just stood there soaking her jeans for what must have been two whole minutes. The stream of pee came down her jeans and made a huge poddle on the ground as both the front and back of her jeans got soaked and she peed uncontrollably with no changce to stop it. When we finally got to her house we both ran into her bathroom.

I kept peeing alittle and alittle in my jeans as we ran And I was not sure if I would be able to get to the toilet before i lost controll completly. I ran all i could but by the time I reached the bathroom, being only 2 meters away from the toilet I started peeing uncontrollably into my jeans. I unzipped my pants while Trying to stop peeing, but i didn't make it. There went a small poddle on the floor as I unzipped them, and when I finally got them of the poddle grew bigger since I could not stop peeing when Trying to sit down on the toilet. I finally sat on the toilet and It was such a relief, and felt really good. I sat there peeing for a long time, must have been over one and a half minute. It was really Exiting watching my friend pee herself, and It was a huge relief when I finally got to the toilet my self.

This story is 100% exactly how it happend, the best it could be described in words, and it is my first post here. :)

