40 minutes (after holding all day in the first place) until relief :D

Author: JeniM1991

*000*2014-07-25 06:22

So I posted a brief message on Live Omorashi about what happened last night...I think it was, can't keep track of my days anymore! This story I feel like it more of a random, quick experience but wanted to share! So anyways just thought I would fill you all in on what happened and how it led up to that :)

I was one the 40 minute bus ride home. I had been working a 7 hour shift and hadn't peed since the very beginning of that shift. I had a medium sized soda and a large chai tea latte a coworker got for me. We got off later in the evening going into the night since it was closing. My manager set the alarm just as I said I got everything....and just about to say hold on I need to pee.....and then I had no choice but to get out of the store so I wouldn't set off the alarm!! I squimed a little to the side and then just walked on to exit the front doors as if nothing was wrong.

I didn't tell my manager as I didn't feel like sharing it with her. Was just ready to go home. And I honestly did think about if it would be better if she drove me home(given that I ask her for a ride) or to take the bus. I decided I rather pee myself on the bus rather than in her car which is a given! So when we left the store we went our separate ways and I walked briskly to the bus stop.

I had to wait for 15 minutes. It was getting a little painful and nobody was out there so I did my pee pee dance, held myself, sat and bent over to try to calm myself and whatever I else I felt like doing, except peeing.

I was excited about this honestly!! I was in public and desperate yet it was getting late so nobody was around :) And if I really had to yes i could pee right there. But I wanted a extremely desperate situation and not to be a pansy about it haha.

The bus showed up, I paid and sat down in the middle section of the bus. As I sat I could feel all my organs just press firmly on my rock hard bladder. I just thought "ok....if you need to pee you can pee on these seats. They'll absorb it...." But I wanted to take on this challenge and have fun with it.

A few bus stops after I got on there was a crowd of people who got on the bus as well!! I was kind of weirded out by it. They were younger, about my age probably and a tiny bit tipsy. This one guy sat in front of me and tried to make conversations. I just sat there in agony, trying to discretely hold myself with my purse on my lap. All I could think was "oh gosh....just shut up!!! don't ruin this glorious moment for me...."

Half way through the 40 minute ride I was almost certain I was not going to make this. So I took my shoe off my foot and sat on my heel. The guy who wouldn't give up trying to talk to me more asked why I sat like that. I just told him it feels good and he kind of laughed and finally started leaving me alone.

When there was about 10 minutes left of the trip I started leaking. I was dripping, spurting, spraying, you name it. And that seat on the bus was starting to get a tiny bit damp. I was enjoying this hold though. So intriguing just to think about! But I felt so fat as my bladder bulge was HUGE and getting bigger, or at least it felt like it...

FINALLY my stop came and I got off, carefully getting up to get off the bus as I was bursting at the moment. I knew that there was a soccer field up ahead. Matter of fact a hill that led down to the soccer field!! I just told myself "ok, you've just got 3 short end blocks of the neighborhood to walk and then you can go!" I hobbled on down those 3 short blocks while holding myself the whole way there.

When I got to the hill side I couldn't wait any longer. It was already happening as I was peeing down my leg some in sporadic spurts that started becoming more and more regular. I sat down right away on that hill and let it flow. I was wearing black shorts so it didn't matter. I could just feel the pee drenching my shorts, completely overly saturating them. The release was unbelievable. I was in this euphoric as it was all bursting out of me! I could even see a defined stream shooting out from me for the first 30 seconds at least! I probably peed for nearly 2 minutes honestly!!! I had been holding that all day and was so glad I found relief ;D

& I had 15 minutes left of walking in the early night heat for my shorts to dry out, which they did for the most part.

*010*2014-07-27 23:46

Thank you everyone for all your kind comments!!! Love this peeing fun! :D So glad I've gotten to tell you all my experiences. I don't think I would have had the nerve to pee so confidently if I wasn't talking to you all on here. I probably would have peed while walking the whole way home if I didn't talk to you all :) Which lets not lie. That would have been fun!!! Just imagine. The pee trail on the side walk :D So exciting!!!!! LOL

*012*2014-07-28 02:46

{{ 

Great job Jeni! I only wish I had been on the bus with you - I would have left you alone and enjoyed the show...

}}

You might have well just gotten off at the same stop and followed me! LOL

