Girlfriend's first time

Author: rmorty

*000*2012-10-03 05:08

Hello Omorashi community! I've been a reader for a few months and decided I needed some advice from the....'professionals'.

I told my girlfriend about my fetish about a year and a half ago. She was shocked at first, and I left it alone for a while. Every so often I would say I was thinking about it, and over time with me convincing her, she agreed that it wasn't as bad as she thought. (She had no idea what I meant when I told her, so it was a lot of explaining as to what I liked.)

Last spring when she came to visit me at school, we tried it for the first time. We were both in the shower and I asked her to pee while I had my hand between her legs. It took her a little while, but she did eventually. Over the summer there were a few spontaneous times where I would accompany her in the bathroom and put my hand down there while she was on the toilet.

But now, this weekend, I'm going to ask her to finally wet herself. She's okay and anxious to see what it's like, as well as to make me happy.

Obviously, it's going to be a little awkward. Does anyone have suggestions on how to lighten the mood, or fun ways to make this happen without it being uncomfortable for either of us?

*004*2012-10-04 03:45

{{ 

It looks like you are making great progress. What is your overall goal. Just to reduce the awkwardness? One thing i did is have my girl pee on my foot/leg while in the shower.

}}

The overall goal is to do it enough so she knows what I like in that situation. I want to do it enough times so I can tell her what I liked and didn't like, so she knows the perfect way to do it in the future for me.

{{ 

It's an exciting first step. Remember not to act crazily.

Promote an atmosphere of calm encouragement. It is a fun activity, but the world does not hinge upon it.

...

Pacing will be up to you.

If you want to start slow, then have her pee through her panties on the toilet. Having your hand down there would be nice.

No matter what she pees in or where she does it, just go about your normal activities. Play games, watch movies, fix food, go out even if you want, etc. Just have her let you know when she's getting full.

You're setting up something to inevitably happen, rather than forcing it into being done.

}}

True. Regretfully, I've treated it way too importantly a few times. The real bummer is we rarely get times where we can go in the bathroom and do this while living at home. It's really only the 3 to 4 times a year we visit each other at school.

Also, a lot of the times I'm just not in the mood for it. I feel a bit awkward myself, because even after she's done it, we have to deal with the possible clean up, laundry, and conversation. Not like I can pause a video, you know? When we go have a 'normal' night, I'm not looking forward to it really. When I am looking forward to it happening later, it is by no means a normal night out for me.

