Wetting story I heard recently

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2014-03-30 18:24

$/17553-teammate%C2%B4s-accident/

After I sent this message we haven´t had any conversation about her accident inside our team. Not before this weekend. We had a match and after that training game someone started kidding about Sara´s accident in the locker room. She teased her a bit and told her not to drink so much, because something serious could happen during our way home. Sara was just smiling at her, but I was defending her by telling it could happen to all of us. One of the new girls asked curiously what had happened. Sara told her she peed herself accidentally last year. I said that I guess every girl had wet their pants sometimes.

I was happily surprised when one of the opponent team girls (they were in the same locker room with us) started to tell about her own story after Sara! She was tall and slim girl with dark and straight pony tailed hair. She had been a student and lived in the head city of our county that time. She had wanted to have some pocket money and she had taken a part time job as a beer and lemonade seller. Her first gig had been a big stadium event. Some kind of winter classic sport event. Before the evening at the stadium she had drank recovery drink, water and coffee after her own sports at the gym.

Whole evening had been a catastrophy she told. Very much crowd and totally undersized staff resources. She had carried plastic cups, sold beverage and changed beer tanks alone in her selling spot without any rest. After three or four hours she needed to wee very badly, but outside staff behind stadium seats hadn´t their own toilets. Only the public ones with long lines. After the happening she closed and carried her cash away, but all the public toilet lines were still huge. She decided to take her bike and ride home. She put her ear phones on her ears under her woolly hat and listened music on the desperate way home. Those ear phones caused this thing she couldn´t hear properly.

When she was at the drive way of her apartments parking place, she jumped off her bike in the middle of the drive way, which was turning up. Same time she was jumping and spreading her legs there was suddenly a car sliding down the same slope towards her! There was a wall and curve behind the wall. So she hadn´t heard car voice or saw the car lights until it was already very near her. She was frozening like a deer in the lights. Eyes wide open she stood there and car stopped right in front him without hitting her. Next thing she realized was that pee was running out from her body and she couldn´t stop it! She said she was so confused she couldn´t move until her bladder was totally empty.

Of course I dared to ask her what kind of clothes was on her and had the car driver recognised her accident. Because of cold weather she had waist length quilted jacket on her and under her dark blue skinnies were warm ankle length underwear on the top of her knickers. She said her underpants absorbed liquid quite well and her jeans were luckily dark, but still all that big amount of pee made her jeans and ground under her glistening. And also steam of warm pee was extremely noticeable, because of the car lights. She laughed after her story and told that her nice furry winter boots ruined so badly, that she couldn´t use them any more.

As I told, this is something I hadn´t wittnessed myself, but I sure enjoyed her story. I think Sara liked this story a lot too, because now she knows she is not the only peegirl in the world :)

