First emotions

Author: Rajnish

*000*2011-11-28 20:59

Well, this is my very first experience I tell here! I hope you'll understand me, because I'm not Anglophone, or such, and I could have problems to express myself as I would like! xD

So, when I was a child, very young I mean, I was very interested in stuff that included peeing or wetting pants, but I never tried to do something on purpose. I remember only a time when I was about 7 that, while my mother was sleeping in the afternoon, I went to the bathroom and I locked myself there. I took some underwears from the basket of dirty laundry and put them on. I was very excited for that, I don't remember why, but I think that you can be excited for what you want even if there isn't a reason! Well, at this point, I tried to pee a little, just to see a stain on my little bulge. I had a lot to pee, but I didn't released it all in a one underwear, I "distribute" it in many other dirty underwear they were in the basket.

Pity that I couldn't enjoy myself after that very emotional experience!

But my very first wetting experience starts now!

I was 13. It was summer and during the holiday I was often alone in home, so I had a lot of fun, you know. Well, the first time I took a pair of tight yellow shorts from an envelope of old clothes we wanted to give away. I also took an old underwear from there. Then I went in the bathroom in front of a big mirror that show all myself. I had just woken up and I had to do the pee of the night, so I could defeat the initial shame and the aroused, but it was hard to begin. The cold floor helped me to increase the urge and soon I released few drops that stained a little my shorts. Seeing that spot convinced me to do it all because I thinked "That's awesome, now I want do it, no way!". And with some effort, I let it go all!

That was the first time I could see myself wetting..

Watching myself do what I always wanted to do since I was a little child was extremely handsome. And finally I could enjoy myself ;)

*002*2011-11-29 07:02

{{ 

Your language is a little hard to understand but I get the jist of your story. Thanks for sharing your experience

}}

It's hard for an Italian boy to speak well English... I'll try to do better the next time...

