Curiosity (bed)wetting

Author: Lakur

*000*2014-06-01 00:10

First: I wasn't sure if this should fit better into the general discussion or into wetting expierinces. But since I'm telling about one of my most akward bedwetting memories, I went for the latter^^ but if you expierinced something similar, feel free to share your story

Also I wasn't sure which title would fit best for this topic, so I went for curiosity...

Or maybe subconscious wetting would also fit...oh well, what I wanted to ask:

Is there someone here who had a wetting accident after "thinking" a lot about wetting and/or peeing?

And I mean a real accident, not that you planned or wished to have an accident.

As an example, here is what happened to me once...

I have to say this was already quite a while ago, at a summer camp. I dont remember exactly how old I was, I guess somewhere around 14 or 15...probably.

And I mostly remember this because it was one of these very few times I had an accident at all, because being an only child and being fully potty trained without any problems quite early (according to my parents, I was 2 1/2) I never had to deal with that topic at all.

So I was completly unaware that there other kids and teens who still wet the bed. I really had no idea that this was even possible.

It was during that summer camp I not only learned that bedwetting can happen to everyone, including me^^

We had four beds in our room (nope, no bunk beds) but while I was there, only three were occupied.

There was me and two other boys about my age.

The first two nights after I arrived, everything went normal, but at the afternoon of the second day, I just came into our room and found one of them appearantly searching for something underneath his bed.

Usually I wouldn't have paid much attention to it, probably he just lost something, no big deal.

But he was completly shocked when I came in, like he was hiding something (which was true)

His utterly shocked reaction, jumping up and staring at me like I was some kind of ghost woke my own curiosity and so I started asking what he was looking for and if I could help (trying to be nice etc.) but he just denied and asked if I could leave the room for a moment.

This also made me a little suspicious - back then I was an occasional target to bullying at school, including some really nasty pranks. Even tho I didn't knew any of the other two boys so it was impossible he could know about these things, I started to think that he did something to my stuff or stole something and was now trying to hide it (we all kept our bags inside our room, so it was possible to "take" something from the others while they were gone).

So I asked him to show me what he was hiding - of course he refused to show me so I just looked under his bed, like he did when I came in, ignoring his attempts to stop me from doing so.

I'm sure most here can guess I found his diapers (pull-ups). But I had no idea what it was in that moment. All I saw was a package of some "really weird and thick underwear"

Before I could even ask him what the hell this stuff was, he suddenly started begging me not to tell anyone about his diapers.

And I was like: "Diapers? These are diapers? Wait...aren't these only for babies? Why do you have something like these?"

Like I mentioned, I has absolutly no clue that there were people with bedwetting problems.

I don't know if he believed that I really didn't knew what was going on, but he told me - that he still wet the bed and because of this he had to wear diapers. And again he begged me to keep it a secret.

It was a huge suprise for me, to learn such a problem existed at all, but I promised him not to spread his secret. Especially since I knew how it felt to be bullied and being picked on, I understood his fear very well.

However, the sheer thought of boys my age wetting the bed still confused me and haunted my mind for the entire evening.

And yes, I'm pretty sure, deep inside I was also curious how this would feel...

But mainly I was just suprised.

Well, when I went to sleep that night - I didn't drank any more than usual and I went to the bathroom before bedtime, all as usual.

But in my head there were still the memories of today...while I was laying in bed, waiting to fall asleep.

And yes - it happened. Somewhere, during the night, a warm and wet feeling made me wake up - and I was still peeing at that point, totally soaking myself.

And even tho I was totally shocked, I also couldn't help to enjoy the feeling.

So thats what I mean - did someone ever had something similar? "Thinking" about peeing causing an accident?^^

