Desperation while exercising

Author: TJC

*000*2015-07-27 16:49

This is a story from my senior year of high school, featuring a friend of mine who i wrote about before, Rachael. On this day she was wring a tight fitting tank top, and tight workout shorts.

We had just finished a math test in our first period math class, and made our way to our exercise class. (Like gym class but the focus is more on wait lifting and running, and less on sports.) We got changed, me into a t-shirt and her into a cute pink tank top, an tight workout shorts. As there had been a test last period, neither one of us had been allowed to go pee. This normally would not have been a problem, because our teacher as very hill about the bathroom policy but today was a special occasion.

All the different phys ed classes were allowed to go on a rock climbing field trip. Rachael and i were the only two kids in my class that either didn't either go on the trip, or skip that day. Our usual teacher was chaperoning the trip, so we were placed with Mr, A,s grade nine boys gym class. Our teacher had left a drill for us to do on the sidelines of the gym, while the grade nine were paying basketball. The drill was a round robin, doing thirty seconds of various exercises such as push ups, mountain climbers, jumping jacks, and squats We would do these then rest for a minute, and continue for the class.

We started and went few rounds. The exercises weren't too in tense, still, we were focusing on them and not really talking much, accept during our breaks between rounds. After a couple rounds of exercise i hear Rachael say something that intrigues me. "I gotta pee." Rachael had drank a rather large bottle of water in math class and i guess it caught p to her. "That might be a problem." I told her. "Uh, don't be silly, i'l just go and ask." What Rachael didn't know was that Mr. A had a strict no bathroom policy during class. after she was denied, i was her walk back to the station where we were doing our exercises, with worry on her face. "What a jerk!" She said angrily. "Still, i should be be to hold it, i'm a big girl." I got extremely horny hearing this.

We continued our workout. Her desperation wasn't too noticeable. Her form on some of the exercises was worsening, and sh'd give the occasional look of discomfort. "How you holding up?" I ask. "It's not too too bad." It continued like this or a few more rounds of exercise.

A little later, her desperation got pretty bad. "Oh, i shouldn't have spoken so soon. All this exercise is killing my poor bladder. I can feel all that water swishing around inside my, and all these positions, it's as if it was designed to torture bursting girls." I couldn't think of anything to say so i just nodded. She was very shaky during the exercises, pausing during exercises trying to hold herself and doing an almost pee dance during each exercise. I could tell the mountain climbers and jumping jacks were really killing he, and the push-ups and squats weren't doing her any favors. At one point, Mr A came over to us. "Hey you! do the exercises right!"

"But sir," Rachael pleaded. "You didn't let me go pee, so now i'm bursting." I could see her cheeks get red as she admitted this." Don't be over-dramatic, do them right!" He left. Rachael's form improved after that talk, but i could tell she was at her limits.

Eventually, it got to a point where Rachael was crying. "Oh god, i'm gonna pee, in front of these grade nines too, how embarrassing!"

"Come on." I tried encouraging her. " Come on, you held on longer during that bus trip" (A reference to a different experience i wrote about.) "Yeah, but there i wasn't doing these stupid exercises, and i could hold myself. Oh! shit i leaked." I was horny as fuck right now, but also felt horrible for my friend, feeling this much pain. I Then got an idea, the same idea from the bus trip. I took my stainless steal water bottle, drank all the water and gave it to her. "Here pee in this."

"But i'll be seen."

"Go next to the bleachers, i'll stand in front of you, so people won't see." She did this. I could hear a large sigh of relief as the bottle filled. After a while thought there as a problem." Oh no! the bottle is a but to over flow!." She stopped peeing just in time. "I still need to pee."

"But is it as bad?" I ask. "No, that should tide me over until the end of class. We continued our workout and Rachael avoided an accident thanks to our truly. As class ended, shed sprinted o the bathroom to relieve herself of the last bit of pee.

