Only one option

Author: bes31

*000*2014-07-19 06:11

As much as I am turned on by the view of it, it is hard getting aroused by a group of people in line for a port-a-potty. I stood in the middle of the line, patiently waiting my turn, making sweeps around to see any bending legs, crotch grabs, or anything that would peak my interest. I saw a few, a black lady in short shorts and a white blouse stood in front of me, her feet tapped the ground as she held a conversation. A middle aged women seemed fairly desperate, but no one was bursting, which saddened me. Either way, I felt nothing except boredom and the everlasting doom that is a mediocre concert.

It was about 7:00 at a concert I was at, a fairly large local event where it seemed the whole town that the event was located in turned up. A large grassy knoll fitted the town, watching as their local talent tried (and failed) at producing a great show. Maybe it was the hour after dinner, but it seemed that many people followed suit in going to the only option except for the woods, dirty, messy, port-a-potties that are never favorable, ever. I had no real large need, but I figured it would only get worse, why not end the urge now. But right now, we wait.

I spotted a fairly dazed man enter the port's with an obviously desperate five year old boy, not my cup of tea, I guessed, so I kept focused on the women ahead of me. She was twisting her ankle around and biting her lips, but nothing screamed out to me that she was bursting. She managed the conversation well and barely made note of her need. Part of me wished (against my better judgement) that the concert would be a lot better with no port-a-potties, and the woods were free prey.

Another man exited and the line snailed along, as I made note of my surroundings I heard a small voice ring behind me.

"Uhh.. Finally!" a girl, maybe a year younger than me spoke in a high pitched voice. Bingo! I craned my head back to the two, as most people did as they oddly waited their turns, people watching. I was able to get a fairly clear view of the two girls that had entered the line, and I could tell which one screamed out. The screamer was on the left, she was a young girl with long locks of blonde hair (most of which were probably implanted), a heavy dose of make-up and a cute round face that made up for her artificial look. She continued to talk, as if the whole world (or at least the whole line) weren't listening to it.

"Oh my God! I have been holding, forever!" She continued to get louder. Some signs showed, her body wasn't keeping still, as she did nervous dances in her black blouse with some concert graphic on it and short shorts that reflected most high schoolers nowadays, the type that are ripped up with sparks of white all over. Honestly, the screamer didn't interest me that much, it was her friend.

"I bet." The friend said quietly. I focused my attention on her. She seemed quiet, she had a cute face with a short ponytail of black hair. She dressed very moderately, in a blue dress and that contained itself at the waist before fleshing out. She stood still, quiet, and as if someone was bursting but scared to say it. I wondered if she was desperate or how this girl acted.

"You need to go Lynn?" The screamer asked the friend, who I know knew the name of. I liked Lynn, and my mind was throwing curve-balls imagining what these girls went through.

"Yeah..." Confirming my thought. "I.. just don't like port-a-potties." Interesting, a good conflict in the story. There was only one option, and they were these plastic houses of disgust, filth, and necessary relief. The line moved again, I was nearing the front and the black lady rushed into the open stall. Still three more people in front of me a middle aged lady and two ten year old girl. I had a bit to go, and more time for my imagination to flutter.

I began to imagine the story of the screamer and Lynn, and for sake of the story, let us call the screamer Beverly, she looked like a Beverly to me. Imagine: on the large grassy knoll, somewhere in the middle of the it all, two girls who were very good friends sat, eating and drinking, not minding their fairly full bladder. They maintained simple chat as there parents got drunk off their ass. Lynn and Beverly decided to ignore the family members and continue to drink their sodas, pretending not to notice that their bladders were irregularly full. Why, you ask? Well, these two ladies did not actually know where the toilets were.

Beverly scoured through a wallet of singles and tens, picking out one of the tens and offering to get lemonade for the two.

"No thanks." Beverly didn't like the answer from Lynn, who was crossing her legs, trying to block out feeling her bladder.

"Why not?" Beverly squealed.

"Well... I'm not thirsty." Beverly looked down, put the wallet down and thought of another way to waste time.

"I really need to pee." Beverly spoke, Lynn nodded in agreement, which came off as acceptance to the squealer. "Do you know where the bathrooms are?" Beverly asked Lynn. She wished she knew so she could relieve herself as well.

"No." Lynn answered, and to which Beverly stood up, her body jiggling as a response.

"Let's go find it." Beverly pulled up Lynn, her bladder squirming at this sudden movement. Lynn had noticed, even though Beverly made the claim, her desperation was minuscule to Lynn's own, Beverly at least walked normal, Lynn walked slowly and oddly than Beverly, it was as if...

The door opened, the desperate black lady exited, with a fair grin on her face. After that stepped the middle aged lady, she pushed the two girls in with each other, not minding her own desperation, sacrificing relief for her daughters. She crossed her legs and prayed for quickness. I looked back again, Lynn was certainly desperate, her face was tense, her legs crossed in a fashion that signified it to me.

"We should have went at the woods, right?" Beverly asked, Lynn cautiously agreed, and my mind shifted.

After ten minutes on the east side, the two bursting girls had just then realized that they had headed the entirely wrong direction. They were alone, with a few woody trees near their location, and just a few kids playing around near them. Beverly's condition had worsened, and she was beginning to be jumpy. Lynn kept her body quiet, not giving any real signs of her desperation.

"Aw, shit." Beverly spoke, realizing the trek to where the toilets actually were. "We should just go in the woods."

"You can do whatever you want. I'm going to..." Beverly interrupted her before she said that she was squatting.

"I'm not going, I can hold it." Beverly made up her mind, and Lynn followed, and they trekked to the other side.

The middle aged lady exited as I stopped imagining the scenario. The toilets were for the taking for me, and I began to make my trek to the port-a-potty when I felt a tap on the shoulder.

"Hey." It was Beverly, or whatever her name was. "We were wondering if we could cut in head of you, we really have to go." I stared at them, not sure what to do. It took a moment of composure for me to agree. I watched them dance around, especially Beverly, who was really dancing.

"You can go."

"Oh thank you!" Beverly said, and she cut in front of me into the port-a-potty, the only thing left was the fragrance of fruit dangling from her, and I stood right next to Lynn.

"Thank you so much." Lynn said to me. "Melissa was really needing to go." Melissa was the name, not Beverly. I smiled.

"You're welcome, it looked like you two needed it."

"Her... Not, me." She grinned, and I stared at her. She still seemed gingerly, as if her bladder was full.

"Really? You seem to be a bit needing."

"No. I barely have to go, maybe two hours since the last time I went. Melissa though, she had been holding for like six hours. Actually, I don't like port-a-potties, so I think I'm going to not go. Thanks anyways. This was disappointing, I liked Lynn, how she was desperate, but it was Melissa all along.

Melissa stormed out of the bathroom quickly, looking relieved and happy. I smiled as they pleaded thank you's again, and I watched them leave before relieving myself as well.

As I relieved myself, I imagined a new scenario. Four hours later, a fully desperate Lynn begging her parents to take her home so she wouldn't subject herself to the port-a-potty, only to be forced onto it by her need. But maybe next time I'll hold a little doubt before letting my imagination run wild. So, I exit the port-a-potty preparing to hold my imagination one more time.

That was, until I saw a gorgeous girl in a white sundress bent over sideways and dancing, begging to cut ahead, and then my imagination ran wild once again.

