About Friends

Author: Pain

*000*2015-04-01 09:34

During our journey to Nepal for a school tour, I was lucky enough to witness multiple desperation sightings .For those of you who don’t know, Indian trains are mostly jam packed and the queue for the toilets is endless at any given point of the day. You literally have to fight it out to use the toilets or else you will be left standing out waiting for your turn (which may never come).

We were a total of 72 students ,although I usually stuck with my group which had two girls and three boys (including me).

During the first night after dinner our group decided to chat while the rest of the students were either sleeping or minding their own business at their respective berths.

I had made a couple of trips to the toilet since evening and so did the other two guys from my group. The girls usually asked one of the boys to accompany them when they went to use the loos because who knows if someone might try to harass them?

Anyways I had noticed that both Neha and Sheetal hadn’t been to the loos for a couple of hours now because they both would usually ask me or Mayank to come with them.

Neha and Sheetal both sat facing us boys, on the berth in front of us. While we were talking and telling each other anecdotes of our school lives, Neha made an abrupt confesion, “Mujhe bohot zor se toilet aa rahi hain…. (I need to pee really bad)” she smiled. This was what I really liked about her, she had always been very open about her need to use the toilets. Even at school, she would make it very clear that she had to pee, whenever it was the case.

Well at that point both of my guy friends were sitting on either sides of me. And on hearing Neha’s admission about her need to pee, I had started to feel aroused and not to mention my boner was becoming more and more evident with each passing second, but I was trying my best to conceal it.

While we continued to talk I couldn’t take my eyes off from Neha. I wanted to know how urgent her need was.

Around twenty minutes later she again started whining about her need to go,”Bohot zor se shu shu aa rahi hain…(I need to pee so bad)” she said and we all started laughing.

Although I was laughing because everyone else was.

Finally Neha and Sheetal got up to go use the loos and they asked me to accompany them till there, which I did with a pain in my heart.

I really did not want Neha to pee yet but unfortunately, that wasn’t in my hands.

The day we reached Nepal ,all the students were given free time in the evening to explore the local market ,although all the teachers and tour coordinators did tag along.

Our group went to shop together at the market which was almost 2 ½ kilometers away from the hotel and let me tell you, all of us had walked the entire way down there.

I still remember , the sun had not set when we had started shopping. Our group got divided into two parts. Me and Mayank in one group and Neha , Sheetal and Piyush in the other. Frankly speaking I was sad that both the girls were in the other group but anyways.

It was around 8:30-8:45 pm when both the groups reunited and I was glad to finally see my friends again.

“Yaar yaha kahi toilet nahi hain kya? (Aren’t there any public loos around?)” was the first thing what Sheetal said as soon as we all met.

Local market places in such areas usually do not have toilets for public use. Anyone in need of them might quickly find themselves in an uncomfortable situation and that was what had happened with Sheetal.

I could clearly tell by her face that she was panicking. Her legs were pressed together as she held several heavy shopping bags in both her hands.

My trousers felt so tight and uncomfortable . I started feeling weak in my knees.

“Bathroom jana hain mujhe bohot zor se…( I have to pee really bad..)” she said again ,looking around for any sign of a toilet.

Her abdomen did look like it was bulging a little over the tight waistband of her jeans. What else could I’ve wished for?

This girl need to pee really bad and she was far away from a toilet. Sheetal asked the senior most teacher for the permission to leave before the rest of the group.

At first he asked her to wait so that all of us could go back together and then there is always the danger of letting a young girl roam alone in an unknown place. But Sheetal’s repeated insistence made him give in .

I felt so horny by the fact that she wasn’t in a condition to wait for the rest of the group till they finished their shopping.

Me ,Neha and Sheetal took a taxi back to the hotel while Mayank and Piyush stayed back at the market with the rest of students.

I can’t tell just how hot the back seat taxi ride was.The fact that I saw Sheetal pressing legs tightly together was more than enough for me to handle. She repeatedly kept looking out of the window to see how close we were to the destination.

And a few words from her that make me come hard even to this very day, “Kitni der se rok ke rakha hain maine…( I have been holding it for so long)”

Once we reached the hotel, Sheetal walked off quite hurriedly to her room, closely followed by Neha. I wanted to follow her but couldn’t, something just held me back and I still curse myself for not going to her room after her.

Maybe it was because boys weren’t allowed to go inside the girls’ rooms.

Later that night, while we all were having our dinner, I did ask Sheetal if she had to go really bad on the way back to the hotel and she did accept it.

She said she had been holding it for way too long and that her need had become very urgent.

I consider myself really lucky to have witnessed such an incredible sight.

