I witnessed a woman who peed her pants

Author: Mr. Cream Puff

*000*2015-02-20 07:00

So I have been taking a break from Omorashi stuff for a while but I had to come back and share this story that happened to my at 5:30 today. I work at a grocery store and one of my jobs is to clean the bathrooms every other hour. There is only one set of bathrooms for the customers and when I go in to clean the women's I have to put up one of those out of service signs up. I usually have to deal with customers all the time who just can't wait long enough for me to show them the employee bathroom which is literally around the corner. I headed in and cleaned everything as the usual in about 7 minutes. 

I finish up and took the cleaning log sheet of paper and head out into the hallway with my cart. There were two Women waiting for me to leave. One was an elderly woman who isn't relevant to the story. The other womam was tall like 6 foot with curly brunette hair which was messy in a loose pony tail. She looked to be in her 30s wearing small framed glasses with a black sleeveless vest with green leggings which I didn't notice till later. She had been waiting for I don't know 5 minutes and seemed pretty relaxed and normal or so I thought. So I leave the bathroom area to get my cleaning logs signed by my manager. 

Once that was done I headed back to the bathrooms to put back those logs. I put the men's in and went to the women's. I am not allow into the women's bathroom if there are women in it even if it takes me 5 seconds to open the door and put the log on the other side. So I cracked the door to listen if there was any people in there which there was. I then layed up against the wall and waited for whoever was in the women's bathroom to leave. The brunette lady comes out of the bathroom and I was totally unaware of the situation until she starts walking down the hallway to the store area. I only got to see her backside but her butt and legs were completely soaked no doubt about it. The wetness was dark almost black from her butt down her legs all the way to her boots. 

I know she wasn't just wearing clothes that resemble wet pants because once she was out of the hallway she went straight to the exit with no groceries or anything. It was weird and shocking to say the least and I had a massive boner for a couple of minutes. Never though I would witness a public wetting let alone one that probably happened within a vacant bathroom!? It is so strange that that I think she may of done it intentionally because there were more than enough stalls open for her when I left it. I will really never know unless she shows up and it happens again which I doubt it. Let me know what you guys think about my weird experience!

*003*2015-02-20 16:31

{{ 

Not sure, maybe she had a stuck zipper or maybe she just wanted to pee her pants in a public rest room. Either way I'm jealous and wish I could have seen it as well

}}

Well she was wearing green leggings and I am pretty sure leggings do not have zippers. I thought I would never spot a intentional wetting in my life but there you go.

*005*2015-02-21 08:01

{{ 

Great sighting! perhaps she just couldn't get her leggings down in time, did you go back in the toilets after, was there any evidence of an accident like a puddle on the floor?

}}

Well an half hour later I went to do the 6 o'clock bathroom checks and no I did not find a obvious puddle or anything related to a "accident crime scene." She could of wiped it up off the floor which makes sense because I left and came back like 4 to 5 minutes later. Does it really take 5 minutes to pee your pants intentionally alone? She could have felt paranoid or guilty also. I could speculate all day on the specifics of how and why but all that is important is that she peed herself, intentionally or not and I saw her walk embarrassed from the bathrooms straight towards the exit.

*007*2015-02-21 20:06

{{ 

It's also possible that she had the accident before and was going to the washroom to clean up before leaving... just a speculation.

}}

If she did have the accident before then shouldn't there have been a puddle in the hallway? She didn't just have a wet spot, it went all the way down to her shoes so probably not.

