Wetting experience I had with a past friends with benefits.

Author: bigdaddy007

*000*2013-04-10 01:33

First thing I have to say, is the reason it took me so long to post something is Im a little shy about my fetish. Im even more so when it comes to openly talking about it on the net. That said, after long last here goes:

This was a little over 3 years ago. I had been with my FWB for about 7 months before I finally told her about my wetting fetish. Like I said, Im shy about it, so it wasn't the easiest thing for me to do. Much to my pleasant surprise, she was open minded enough to give it a try. We were at her appartment one night when she told me she wanted to try it. So I had her drink a lot of tea and water, to make her really have to go. We were on her bed in just our underwear. She was a cute, slender, taiwanese girl wearing nothing but victoria-secret pink satin panties. We were making out and feeling eachother up, as her need to wet her self grew. I was kissing her on the neck while messaging her pussy through her panties, when she told me she wanted to pee all over my hand. She was getting into it, and when she told me that, it was one of the hottest things I have ever heard in my life. I told her to let me know when she couldn't hold it anymore, and I would take her to the bathroom.

After another 15 minutes of necking and feeling her up, she told me she was very close to wetting. I took her by the hand and escorted her her to the toilet and sat her down with her legs spread wide open. I continued to kiss her on the lips, the shoulders, and the neck, while messaging her through her panties as she continued to get more desperate. She then let out a small moan and I felt my hand getting wet. Then the flood gates opened, and she completley started soaking her panties. There was an audible hissing sound, as I felt her hot fluids gushing through her panties all over my caressing hand. 

The feeling was incredible, it was so warm and wet. But so much the better, she was enjoying it too. I continued to neck her and message her through her hot-wet-warm-gushing panties until she she came violently in a moaning, panting orgasm. Needless to say, by now I was incredibly turned on. After that, I removed her panties with my teeth, soaking gusset and all. I then took her by the hand once again, and escorted her back to the bed. I then put on a condom and took care of business. After we were finished, I asked her how it was, and she told me it was one of the hottest things she had ever felt, and that she would totally do it again. :D

