Immersed In A Game

Author: Thisisaname

*000*2015-07-13 20:57

I have a slight history of getting too into a game and ignoring my body's needs, so as you can imagine, what I'm about to describe is far from a once-off.

A couple of months ago, I bought an Xbox One. After years of ripping on the Xbox, I felt pretty dirty to go and buy one, but everyone else I knew in real life had gone with the Microsoft option over the PS4, and I wanted to be ale to play with my friends. Shortly after, I got GTAV (I had it on PS3 before I traded the console in, and loved it, so I bought it again to show off my mad skills to my uninitiated friends) and I pretty much played it non-stop.

One night, dressed in a pair of baggy jeans and a hoodie, I sat down to play. My drinks and snacks were laid out around me on the table, as I had planned to crunch through a bunch of missions with my buddies. I thought I'd had everything sorted. I wouldn't have to get up for anything.

Three hours into my intensive session, I felt the familiar need to go pee jump up on me. We were in the middle of a heist, and after having spent probably half an hour wrestling with Rockstar's flawed lobby system, I so did not want to stop the game until we were finished with this section. Fifteen minutes, I figured. I was wrong.

Pushing the urge from my mind, I focused myself on co-ordinating my team, absently sipping from my iced coffee.

One thing you guys should know about me is that I'm lactose intolerant, but it doesn't always affect me. It's kind of hit-and-miss, so I just wing it and hope for the best.

An hour later, we still couldn't pass the stage, because the person who was supposed to be flying our plane can't seem to fucking fly a plane for shit. By now, I was crossing my legs hard against the edge of the cream-coloured leather couch, praying to whatever deities may exist that this little shit-bird could by some miracle not mess up again.

He did. Monumentally. If the servers hadn't been so touchy, I would've kicked him and gotten someone else into the team, but upon discussing with the rest of my pals, we decided that if we had to spend another half an hour trying to get the lobby to work, on top of the hour it took us to find this random guy in the lobby, we were going to rage-quit.

So we persevered. My driving was getting worse and worse, and if it weren't for the auto-aim, I'd've killed nobody. I couldn't concentrate. I was hurting badly now, and the milk was also doing a number on my stomach.

You know that moment right before you lose all control, when you think "I've totally got this, it's going away, and once it does, I'll get up and go,"? And then it slams into you full force and it's game over.

One minute, I was starting to feel like I could get up without having an accident, next, I was doubled over, piss spurting in rapid, uneven bursts into my jeans, turning the denim a dark blue. After ten seconds of spurting, the flood-gates opened and I was going full-force. The urine pooled into the leather around me, cascading over the edge onto the tiles, and it just kept coming. The feeling of my hot wee hitting the crotch of my jeans and bouncing back into my sensitive area tingled so nicely, and showed no signs of slowing. For the first time in my life, I orgasmed without needing to touch myself, and as nice as it was, the spasming of my muscles unleashed my other problem. I felt something push to my sphincter to get out, and then suddenly, it was on the other side, pushing back against it and mushing around my butt. I was still peeing, and the combined sensations kept my orgasm going for another 30 seconds.

By the time I was done, I was sitting in a massive pool of dark yellow pee, soaking halfway up my thighs around me, and the room was spinning. It felt amazing. Genuinely amazing. I thought briefly about fixing myself up, but decided instead to continue playing and just going when the need occurred.

Eventually, I did get up and set to work cleaning up, and I will fondly remember this moment for a long time to come.

*002*2015-07-14 19:36

I only wore jeans, no underwear that day. My diarrhea was, I would say, small considering what I've experienced in my life, but for most people I think average??

*006*2015-07-19 14:24

God, I know! There's more idiots than skilled players and it drives me WILD!

