A few childhood accidents

Author: Gadwin

*000*2013-05-06 14:05

When I was a little kid, I had a bladder of steel. As such, I didn't wet much. I never wet while sleeping, not even as a baby. I actually believe my bladder was much better back then than it is now. I'd routinely go entire six-hour school days without using the bathroom (I was one of those kids who hated using the public bathrooms at school), and that included a lunch break where I drank something, and now I couldn't imagine doing that; the need is usually pretty urgent after about three hours. All that said, my parents told me stories of how when I was a toddler that I frequently wet my pants because I was too lazy to go find a toilet. They also couldn't keep me in diapers/training pants either because then I wouldn't make any effort at all to make it. :p I don't remember any of that, though. Still, when thinking about it it seems that my fetish started young, though I mostly forgot about it for a long time.

Anyway, there are two specific incidents I remember where I didn't mean to wet myself but it happened anyway. I don't remember what age I was, probably 5 or 6. I don't exactly remember the circumstances of it, except that I was at someone else's house (presumably a babysitter's) and I was cleaning up the room with a few other kids. I really had to go, and I went to go to the bathroom only to find the door was locked. I went back to picking up, and I was dancing at this point. I asked to go again a few minutes later, and was told that someone was in there. Soon, I lost it and completely drenched myself, making a rather large puddle on the wooden floor. There other kids didn't really make fun of me for it, but they did act grossed out.

The details about the second accident are much more clear. My dad and I were on the way home from somewhere, and I really had to go. When we got home, he locked the keys in his car. We called a locksmith to come out, and as I waited my need grew worse and worse. I fidgeted and grabbed myself and danced around, and soon I lost the fight against my body. I soaked myself, and the worst part was that the locksmith arrived just a couple minutes later. >_< I tried to hide as best I could and went to my room to change clothes after we got in. In hindsight, there were some bushes outside our door that I could have (and should have) used, but in my desperate state it did not even occur to me. Go figure.

I've only witnessed a couple wettings myself and they all happened around the same time period. I was 9 or 10, and every now and then I'd go to my grandma's to see her and my uncle. Well, their next door neighbors had a little boy about my age that I would play with. At some point, he wet his pants but I only vaguely remember it happening. However, I knew from it that he didn't have very good control over his bladder. One night we were playing outside and he told me he had to go to the bathroom. I told him to wait a sec, and less than a minute later a dark spot started spreading across the front of his pants and then it streamed down his legs, darkening the patio cement beneath his feet. He then ran back to his house to go change clothes. I basked in my success.

The other wetting was my best friend in third grade. He claimed to have wet himself laughing a couple of times but I could never tell. One day, I made up some kind of story, saying that if he peed his pants then I'd give him something, but I can't really remember the details of what it was. Anyway, he did it, right there on the top bunk of his bed. As he was changing clothes, I went into a different room and that's when his mom saw me and asked what I was doing. She quickly discovered what happened and I got an earful for it >_< My family moved after that school year and I forgot about my fetish until after I hit puberty. Then, it gradually returned to me and further developed.

So... yeah. I hope you enjoyed these little anecdotes :) I'm not fortunate enough to have seen many wettings, nor a girl wetting herself. Oh, how I wished that would happen one day at school... but it never did.

Also, after re-reading this and pondering over it, I realized I was kind of a dick when I was a kid ._.

*001*2013-05-08 13:01

I suppose that people just aren't as interested in male stories :(

It took quite a bit of courage to post this.

*002*2013-05-08 15:03

Thanks :)

I don't remember much, either, and what I do remember is cloudy. It's like I'm looking through a thick, nebulous haze when I try to recall those memories.

And as I get older and older, I forget more and more.

