My First Wetting!

Author: KrisAbyss

*000*2013-06-18 23:19

I wet for the first time today. It was a weird experience, but I liked it.

I enjoy desperation, and in the past I would hold until I felt I couldn't hold it anymore, or it would start hurting, and then go to the bathroom. But today the lovely Beatrix added me on Skype and we got to talking, and she convinced me try wetting.

So, we fired up a Skype call and I started drinking. Over the next couple hours, I drank a can of root beer (12 oz), a can of Coke (12 oz), a Snapple (16 oz), and a water bottle (25 oz). By the time I finished, I was so desperate to pee. I felt like any second I would leak, or even burst everywhere.

By the time it got so bad I didn't think I could stand it, I decided to just let go. I had a towel under me, and I was wearing underwear but no pants. I emptied my bladder onto the towel.

It felt... great. There was such a feeling of relief when I let go, although I had to push it a bit due to my nervousness. I was peeing for ages. I had never been that desperate to pee before, and it felt like heaven to just let go.

By the end of it I was sitting in a puddle of pee, feeling so relieved, accomplished.. and very naughty. This is something I've never done before and it was such a new, interesting, amazing experience.

I can't say I was crazy about the cleanup, but I definitely would try it again. Maybe next time I'll wear jeans, and stand in the bathtub so I don't have to clean it all up.

But I definitely want to try that again.

[Edit: Augh, I totally guessed at how to put the Female icon in the board name. Do you have to put a hashtag and no brackets, or what?]

*003*2013-06-19 00:32

{{ 

Nooo, do not bring hashtags in here as well! Facebook has already fallen, omo.org shouldn't be next! :P

}}

Hahaa it was just a guess on how to put the tagthing in the title. Would you happen to know how it DOES work? :P

