One of my first experiences

Author: 1onething

*000*2012-01-22 03:04

This story happened about 10 years ago, its mostly real. A little fiction added to make the story flow and to add in missing memories

I used to live in a snowy area, thankfully Ive moved to Cali since then. It was some time in the beginning of the winter months, temperatures starting to dip below freezing. I was 9 years old and so was my friend, Sarah. Sarah was a classmate of mine who had recently moved to town. Sarah was white, had brown hair, brown eyes. She was average in terms of appearance.

Sarah lived nearby, so one day I went to get her to see if she wanted to play at the park, she agreed. That day she was wearing thick black leggings, with a small frilly purple skirt over and a yellow sweater. There was a park about a mile walk from our houses, being we were only 9 and walked slowly, it seemed like a long long walk.

After about 15-20 minutes of walking we get to the park. One of the first things I notice is a sign on the bathroom that reads "Closed." It was only the start of winter, and it was a warm winter day, so there wasnt a lot of snow, there were however small patches of snow.

One of the first things Sarah does at the park is make a snow ball to launch in my face, I do the same and soon it turns into a war with what little snow we had. A few minutes into the battle she calls "timeout" and heads for the water fountains, she tells me theyre not working and I tell her how its too cold and the water would freeze.

We start playing tag, we played for a while. While we were playing I noticed she was fidgeting a little, but I didnt think much of it at the time. As time went on I noticed she was fidgeting a little more, though she certainly didnt appear too desperate. Soon our tag game, turned into a wrestling match: including tickling, squeezing, tight hugs, shoving snow in each others face, nothing too violent.

I guess it was the wrestling and tickling that got too her. While I was tickling her I noticed she began to grab herself, she said to me "Stop! Stop! I have to pee." So I stopped and she ran to the bathroom, however they were locked. I pointed out a porta potty nearby, but she refused to use it, saying "ewww, those smell." We continue playing

Minutes pass, and by now shes constantly grabbing herself. Were talking and Im being funny, shes laughing, but the whole time were talking shes holding herself, moving around. Its very obvious shes desperate. She says to me " Youre gonna make me pee my pants." I didnt really care for her desperation at first, but when she said this, its like she made it a goal of mine to make her pee herself.

Now Im poking her sides, tickling a little, and trying to be as funny as I can, however its not really working. We get back on the playground, were swinging and her legs are completely crossed. She says to me "I cant hold it anymore, we should go back home," I agree to go. We start running across the field, and I slip on some snow and fall on my butt, she starts laughing hard. She says in a loud laughing manner "Oh my gosh," I look over and see one hand between her legs, doubled over, a second later I see a small stream coming from between her fingers. Pee runs down the sides of her pants, a little forms on grass and creates a small puddle. "You made me pee!" she says.

I was excited, I dont really know why. Certainly at this age it was many peers biggest fear. Byt the time shes done peeing shes still smiling and laughing, she wasnt upset at all by her accident. I look at her, her pants and I see that her butt is soaked as well as the inner sides of her pants and her hand is covered in pee. We make our way home before her pants and legs freeze. We plan to stop at her house, and she tells me not to tell her parents, and to follow close behind so they dont notice her wet butt and pants.

When we get to her house, I quickly meet and greet her parents, and then she leads me upstairs to her room. She grabs a clean pair of underwear and same style leggings, so her parents dont notice she changed. She goes to the bathroom to change, and comes back. She comes back with her dirty panties and leggins in one hand, I see that her panties are slightly stained yellow. She hides them under her mattress so her parents dont find them. She makes me promise never to tell anyone (classmates, parents, firends etc) that she peed herself.

Ill write a few moer of the stories I have if I have time

*002*2012-01-25 23:25

{{ 

Lucky you on that experience, would have loved to see that. did she ever pee her pants again for you?

}}

I did see her desperate, but not wet although i did get to see other class mates and friends wet

