A Decade of Omorashi – Cheryl

Author: Caneh

*000*2014-04-19 14:42

Sharing this story, partially so I can relive it by writing it, but also to inspire young people to share this part of their lives with their SO's.

Lessons I've learned from this experience:

– You've got nothing to lose by telling your partner. You've got everything to gain. Make sure you trust her enough.

– Tell her at the right time.

– If you push her to do it, you might push her away. Plant the seed, and let her do the rest. She'll come around.

– Most people can't pee themselves on command. Even with a full bladder. Exercise patience!

Cheryl

She was cute. Smart. Shy. We were 18. We were each others first. Sex happened about six months into dating, after discussing it. It took a few attempts, but we finally took the plunge, drunk, at a house party, on the hosts littler brother's bed – a house party he held while his parent were away.

About 9 months into our relationship, she was giving me a hand job. I was having a hard time getting off, and thought, for some reason, that I could get her to wet herself. It was an ill thought plan.

“Can you do something for me?” I asked her.

“What's that?” She enquired.

“Well, I think, it would be really hot if you could... umm... wet your pants...” I said, bashfully.

She didn't react at all.

“I don't have to go.” She answered.

“Oh. Ok.” I said. Disappointed. I was oozing inexperience.

“What if I just said I was doing it?” She suggested.

“I don't know... I guess?”

As time passed, I was still crazy in love with this girl, a phone conversation happened, out of the blue.

“You know that thing you told me about? You know... the ..... *pee* thing?” Shyness in her voice.

My heart started racing. Where was she gonna go with this? Did she have an accident she is going to tell me about?

“Yeah...”

“Well. I want to try it. I think want try it when I sleep over this weekend.”

I was so freaking excited.

So when she came over, she had picked out a specific pair of jeans. She had chosen a specific pair of underwear. When we were in my bedroom, standing, staring deep into each others eyes, my heart was racing and I was shaking. What felt like hours passed when she finally said something.

“Should we put a towel down?” She asked.

Not a bad idea. So I grabbed a towel, laid it flat, and one cute foot after another, she slowly stepped on it. I sat on the foot of my bed and watched. I looked at her light blue denim pants, fitting tightly against her legs. I imagined the sight of the warm wetness spreading away from her crotch. Waiting. Nothing. Raging boner.

“I can feel it just about to come out...” she informed me.

I stood up to her, and started kissing her. Sliding my hand down her pants. She was wet. Wetter than she had ever been. I was excited that she was turned on, but it was the wrong type of wetness. It wasn't urine. After time had passed, eventually, enough was enough.

“I'm sorry. I can't.” she conceded, before inviting me to the bathroom to watch her pee the normal way.

In the bathroom, she sat on the toilet, pants down. With her permission, I put my hand underneath her crotch. A few seconds passed, then I felt one warm drop hit my hand. Then another. Then a little trickle. Then a steady stream. Disappointed that there was no wetting, I still enjoyed this experience and it remains in my spank bank to this day. In addition to that, every time she wore those pants after that night, she became irresistible to me.

We had made several more attempts like that – where I would beg, plead, and push. She was able to wet her underwear by sitting on the toilet, moving the underwear to the side, and then replace them once the flow started. But this wasn't enough for me. I wanted the full blown thing. Jeans. Tight jeans. But her urethral sphincter muscles just said no. One time she even ended up in tears because she was couldn't do it .

But one frigid December night, while waiting for a bus on a frigid December night, Cheryl told me something that perked my ears.

“I don't know what it is about being in the cold, but it always makes me have to pee!”

“Yeah, I know, I have to go too.” I agreed.

“I have to pee soo bad!” She proclaimed.

Boner alert.

After I told her about my fantasy, and after my pushiness, she had been very careful not to tell me about her bladder functions, careful not to bring out that desperate side of me. But tonight she was keeping no secrets. If I could go back knowing what I know know, I would have employed a different strategy. But on this cold night, after a night out at the movies with some friends, I saw an opportunity, so I seized it.

After a lengthy bus ride, and a short walk to my house from the bus stop, we made it back to my house. I took her coat and hung it in the closet with mine.

“Ok, finally! I can go to the bathroom!” she said, with a sign of releif.

“Well... hey...” i said as I wrapped my arms around her, “what if... maybe... you could do that thing for me?” I suggested. She knew I was going to say this.

“Ok. It might work because I have to go so bad!”

So we proceeded to my bedroom, laid out a towel, and waited. And waited. And waited.

“I have to pee so bad but it won't come out!”

Then I had an idea. I took her hand, brought her to the bathroom, and instructed her to sit on the toilet. Grey track pants still on. And we waited. And waited. And waited. I turned on the tap. Waited. She put her hand under the water. Nothing.

“What if we do this...” I said, as I pulled her pants down. She sat back down, and as soon as I heard a trickle, I took her hand and stood her up. The flow stopped abruptly. I pulled her pants back up, and we stood next to the toilet, in each others arms, making out.

It wasn't long before I heard the rap-tap-tap of drips hitting the floor slightly behind her. It was happening. I moaned. She moaned. My dick was going to rip its way out of my pants! I felt the warmth of her juice on my leg and foot as she continued to let out her torrent. It wasn't easy, but it was happening.

“I think I'm done.” She said. And I felt her crotch. Warm. Wet. We walked back to my bedroom, I followed behind, chuckling at her awkward gait. Her grey track pants had a dark streak halfway up her ass and all the way down the back of her legs. This is the sexiest thing I had ever seen. And the smell! I could even smell it!

“Do you want to see me wet myself too? For fairness?” I suggested.

“Sure,” she agreed with her eyes trained on my crotch.

It took a few seconds for me to get started, but eventually the flow started, as she watched with intrigue.

I ripped off my clothes, ripped off her clothes, aggressively threw her on my bed, and started going down on her. The sex juices were already flowing, and it took no time before she was grinding herself into my face, and just as she was about to climax, I stopped, and started banging her. It was very aggressive (and short lived!) sex.

A while later, I got this in an email from her:

{{: 

Hey Baby!

Ya know... I’m kinda proud of myself that I was able to do that for you that night over the holidays. Ya know, the whole pee thing. I didn’t think I’d be able to do it, but when you gotta go, ya gotta go! I’m also glad that I finally got to fulfil your fantasy for you. It felt good to see how turned on you got by it. I hope I'll be able to do it again someday.

}}

Likely from talking to friends, she decided later that she did not enjoy it, and never indulged again. And we eventually broke up – for different reasons. But she was my first love and I miss her terribly. And to this day, more than 10 years later, I still get turned on by the site of a woman in grey track pants.

