Frosty walks the dog

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-03-10 01:17

In my first post, i revisited something that happened in the past, back when i was 14 & just starting high school. Now allow me to share some more recent happenings.

First, a little background: i am a gay girl, and i am in a live-in dom-sub relationship.

The girl i live with (Norah) is a bit older than i am, and she has almost complete control over me, right down to when i am allowed to pee. I have to ask her permission, & if i don't get it, i'm forced to hold. She makes me hold quite often, because she enjoys seeing me desperate, and likes seeing me wet myself even more. Of course, i am the one allowing her to control me... :)

Sharing this is important because otherwise you might not understand why i do what i do and the things i'm saying might not make sense.

Some of you might have read about my at-work holding adventure yesterday evening.

I'm sure by now you might have figured out that i was denied permission to go until the last possible minute, and then it was only granted because i was at work. When i got home, i was made to hold again while waiting for my gf to get back from her job. She wanted me to wait up for her and since she was getting off work late, this was one way to keep me from falling asleep, i guess.

She eventually came home and after some fun & games which involved both of us reaching orgasm, she finally granted me permission to pee.

Of course, i'd already sprayed quite a bit when she made me come, so there really wasn't much left to empty out after that.

We both fell asleep with her holding me as i curled up in a ball next to her.

Waking up this morning, my poor tortured bladder was already in a weakened state, but since Norah was still asleep, i couldn't ask permission to pee, and i didn't dare wake her up.

I pulled on a grey cotton nightie over my matching panties & padded on bare feet to the kitchen to make coffee for us both. Norah does most of the cooking at our house (she's a professional chef), so i try to help out wherever i can, doing the cleaning & laundry.

Pouring the water into the coffee maker was torture, the sound of the running water increasing my already somewhat urgent need to release what had built up in my bladder overnight.

I had already leaked a little pee into my panties while having my first cup of coffee when i heard Norah behind me. She wrapped her arms around my waist & gave me a nice squeeze, knowing full well what state i was in. Of course.

"Good morning, sweetie !", she cooed, kissing me softly on the nape of my neck. She knows how that turns me on, & i felt my body shivering in response to her words, her touch, and my need to pee. I turned & kissed her back, then went to get dressed in the bedroom while she had the cup of coffee i poured for her.

It was a bit warmer today than yesterday, so i pulled on a pair of black lycra leggings over my damp undies, a black lycra sports bra, a loose white t-shirt & a grey hoodie.

Our dog started barking like crazy as i slipped on my running shoes, knowing who was going to take him out now. As we passed Norah in the kitchen, i asked her if i could pee before taking the dog out.

She smiled at me sweetly and said, "You know the routine. First you walk the dog, then i'll let you use the bathroom. Maybe..."

I figured that she'd say that, but i had to ask just in case. I grabbed the dog's lead from the hook, and as i bent down to put his harness on, i felt some more warm pee leaking out into my panties.

I said, " Please, Norah... i really have to go, and all that holding last nite... i'm not sure i'll make it !"

"Oh, you'll make it alright... or you'll be wetting yourself in public, and i know how much you love that !", she replied, grinning in anticipation of my coming ordeal.

"Look, he's scratching at the door. Guess he really has to go..."

Now i knew she wouldn't be allowing me to go before i walked him, so i put on my hat, scarf & gloves, opened the door and we went out into the sunlight.

It was a beautiful day, bright & blue, and although the streets were a bit slippery from melting snow & ice from yesterday's storm, i managed to keep my footing even though the darned dog kept pulling like crazy as he romped & sniffed and investigated every new scent. As for me, i was trying to keep my mind off my full bladder, but this was no easy task as i watched him constantly lifting his leg to release a stream of urine.

A few small drops had been escaping me periodically as we walked along at first, but by now I was leaking pretty steadily into the crotch of my panties and just hoping that he would get the rest of his business done soon.

"Not soon enough...", i muttered to myself.

I trembled and squeezed my thighs together, trying to keep control, even pushing my hand down between my legs and applying pressure when i thought no-one was around.

My need to release was becoming overwhelming.

Finally, he squatted to do his deed, yay !

Of course, now i had to pick it up, being a conscientious pet owner... so i pulled out a plastic bag from my hoodie pocket and bent down to scoop the poop.

When i did, it created pressure on my aching bladder, and i shot a short stream of pee into my panties.

"Ohmigosh... no !", i said under my breath. As i straightened up quickly, i was able to clench my muscles together down there & stop the flow, but now i knew it was only a matter of time before i'd have to give in to the ever-increasing pressure . I checked to see if anyone had noticed my distress, but luckily there was no-one around.

(Early AM walks on the weekends, slightly later AM ones on weekdays, way to go ! Less chance of an audience if i was to have an accident...)

Now we headed back home, but as we walked beneath the eaves of a local storefront, he squatted down again. "Darn it.", i muttered.

I had to endure the painful squeezing of my bladder once more, but this time much to my dismay, while i was i bending over and scooping, some icy cold water dripped from the storefront awning. Missing my hoodie, it trickled down the back of my neck, past my tight sportsbra and followed the curve of my spine down into the back of my panties. Certainly NOT what i needed right then...

I must have been quite a sight as i gasped from the sudden unexpected chill and straightened up violently, squeezing my thighs together again as i felt another spurt of pee come out involuntarily.

This time i knew the crotch of my leggings was wet also. I had to get home quickly, or i'd be peeing myself in the middle of the street soon. I gave the dog's lead a little tug, and he obediently trotted after me as i headed up the hill to our house.

I was alternately leaking and squirting pee into my undies by now, panties totally soaked and leggings fairly wet as well by the time we were at the door. Thru the window, i could see Norah watching as i tried the door handle, but she had locked the door on me. She had a big smile on her face, watching me squirm and pee dance as i made my way to the deck at the back of the house. I dropped the dog's lead and jammed my hand down between my legs, but the fight was over. I let go of a huge torrent of pee just as Norah opened the back door, flooding my panties and leggings and overflowing into my nylon running shoes. It streamed over my hands, warm & wet & uncontrollable. I had just wet myself again, & i knew she was enjoying every moment of my defeat & shame.

Looking at me standing there peeing in my panties, she laughed and said, "Well, i guess you don't need to use the toilet now, do you ?" As hot tears of humiliation flowed to match the stream below, she hugged me tight, pulled me into her and whispered in my ear, "Gosh, that gets me so hot, seeing you looking so helpless, so desperate, and then losing it in front of me. I love you so much !"

And i replied softly, "i love you too, Norah." please feel free to comment, but don't judge me too harshly.

Thanks !

*002*2013-03-10 06:05

{{ 

I feel in love with this as soon as I seen "black Lycra leggings" but wow that was amazing, I love how you need to ask permission to pee too.

}}

Thanks for checking out my story, Zamary. Feel free to vote it up by way of encouranging me to share more of my experiences... :wub:

