Wetting my pants during a session with my therapist

Author: Franny

*000*2012-08-06 23:40

In a session with my therapist recently, the subject of wetting came up. (Earlier I had told her of my fetish.) I was needing to pee real bad, and finally I told her I was on the verge of wetting myself. She just gave me a funny look. I said it was possible that I was going to have an accident right there, in her office, and I giggled. I suppose subconsciously I was wanting to actually do it.

She more or less gave her permission, saying something about, If you gotta go you gotta go, or like that. She was not upset at all that this was happening. I didn't wait long and pretty soon I had leaked a fairly large amount into my pants. Since I do wear a pad under my briefs, this absorbs a bit of liquid, but it isn't effective for large leaks. I ended up peeing enough that it showed at the crotch of my pants, and by then my own desperation was alleviated, so I was able to stop peeing without totally emptying my bladder. If I had done that it would have been a mess.

My therapist showed no anger or even surprise at my condition, and she asked how I felt. I just said, Relieved, and I guess I laughed. I imagine that she is of the opinion that I obtain sexual pleasure from doing this, and next time we meet I will probably talk about that with her. I am of two minds about this myself. It was very embarrassing to wet myself like that; she even mentioned that my face was very red afterwards. But it is true that I have fantasies of being incontinent with lovers or other people. Even though this was not the first time I have deliberately pissed myself, I am not in the habit of letting such a thing happen, and I've never, ever announced to another person my intention to do that.

