Wife's report 1 - bursting at the cinema

Author: siegala

*000*2015-05-24 09:55

As I have announced, I do know about two more incidents when my wife got very much desperate to pee, but at times when I was not with her. For these cases I don't have every detail of her desperation - however, when the situation was very "outstanding" (i.e. her desperation got her into serious trouble) she mostly told me quite openly about it – I guess mostly because she needed to tell someone about the in fact near traumatising experiences. Of course I was always the very sympathising and comforting listener she needed!

One of those incidents happened on a Saturday evening in summer 2012. My wife, two of her coworkers and her (female) boss were invited by a business partner company to a movie premiere. It took place in an old factory hall in the suburbs, which is now used as an event centre, including a big movie theatre. Local celebs as well as some of the actors and the movie director were present. I know the location quite well, therefore I could easily get a picture in my mind when she told me later on what happened. I was at home that evening, so I saw her leaving and coming back later in the night. She then immediately told me about the incident. As far as I remember them, I will write down the words and phrases she used to describe some particular things in quotes.

That evening she wore a tight fitting dark green top with sleeves that reached right beyond her ellbows, a short black silk jacket, very loose fit black silk trousers - the type you could believe to be a very loose skirt when she stands with closed legs - and dark green high heels.

Before the movie started, there was an opening reception with snacks and drinks in the entrance hall of the event centre. My wife drank much orange juice and mineral water - and as she already needed to pee, she wanted to go to the toilets before the movie started. However, a senior representative of the company which invited my wife and her colleagues, held her engaged in an intense conversation. She wanted to be polite and didn't dare to leave him, so she ended up walking into the movie hall together with him. There she luckily got rid of him, as his seat was in the first row and my wife's seat was in the middle of the third row next to her colleagues and her boss. However, the movie was about to start and it was too late for the toilet.

My wife said she was very angry with herself for not being brave enough to excuse herself earlier, as it turned out to be a very bad decision. Already 30 minutes in the movie, she was totally desperate. She asked the colleague who sat next to her about the length of the movie. The colleague believed it to be the usual 90 minutes, but was not really sure. My wife knew she was facing a very cruel experience, but couldn't think of another option than to simply hold it.

However, after one hour she was "absolutely bursting" and very much doubting she could make it till the end. After 80 minutes she was "in heavy pain" and so much afraid of the embarrassing situation she would have to face after the end of the movie: Not being able to keep her composure at all, making a desperate dash for the restroom literally in front of hundreds of people, including her boss, business partners, lots of other people who knew her - as well as many press photographers and local tv cameras on top! It would cost her last willpower to avoid the embarrassment as much as possible.

But my wife actually started to freak out, when the movie didn't end after 90 minutes! She turned again to the colleague sitting next to her (who knew about her predicament and was comforting and encouraging her all the time!) and begged her to find out how long this "fucking movie is going to last!" My wife's colleague did of course not know how to find out without attracting too much attention for my wife's problem. She waited for another couple of minutes till she understood "I needed to get out NOW or I wouldn't even make it to the restrooms in time." She stumbled past 20 people till she reached end of the row, realising she couldn't walk properly any more. She told me she didn't care at all about any possible embarrassment any longer, she was too much occupied by not peeing in her pants being still in the cinema hall.

She somehow made it to the toilets, only to find the Lady's as well as the Gent's being closed for cleaning! Being totally beside her, she opened an emergency exit next to the restrooms. She found herself in a short corridor that seemed to lead to the parking lot in front of the building. After some more steps, she understood she had no other choice than dropping her pants there and then. She admitted that she did it almost too late and that she actually started to pee before she completely crouched and therefore her pee stream fully hit one leg of her loose fit pants. She was lucky that no really visible damage was left on the black silk. She peed "for 5 minutes", (her own words) leaving a puddle that reached across the corridor from one wall to the other. While peeing, she detected a CCTV on the ceiling - no surprise in an emergency exit corridor though. Luckily, no one came up to her, or at least not in time. (However, I really would like to have this tape! ;-)

When she went back to the entrance hall, the movie was still playing, so she stayed outside. The movie finally turned out to be almost 120 minutes long! When her colleagues and her boss finally came out and up to her, she even admitted openly that she had to leave because of her need to pee - to her surprise, it wasn't a big deal for the other colleagues and her boss.

I really regret not being with her at this incident, as you can imagine. However, being told the story is better than nothing! I do know some more minor details from her report, so if anyone is interested in something particular, just go ahead and ask!

*004*2015-05-26 12:28

{{ 

Thanks for another great story, I would've been imbarrassed having to get up in front of all those people & I love how you describe what she was wearing at the time, it makes it much more vivid in my imagination.

}}

You are right, it couldnt have been "pleasant" to walk past all these people in her row, when she left... That´s what I thought first too, when she told me about it.

But then I thought about her other options: Staying in her seat and waiting for the end of the movie would have resulted in peeing herself in her seat as the movie was quite obviously much too long for her state of desperation.

But even if the movie had finished earlier (=after 90 minutes) and she would have waited it out, things would have probably become really bad for her. It would have meant literally hundreds of people (many of them knowing her!), media, etc. watching her struggling her way out of the cinema hall through the crowd. Probably doubled over, holding, herself... And as she was in the middle of a row, she would have been among the last people leaving the hall - if she would have made it all dry to the toilet, she would have probably faced a queue at the Ladies - "standing" there in her state, again visible for everybody. Most likely she would have gone into the Gents, hoping for an empty stall, etc. Again, everybody would have noticed that.

Thinking of everything she could have experienced, she instinctively took the only right decision: To leave before the movie ended - any other option would most probably have ended in a very embarrassing catastrophe.

*006*2015-05-29 08:25

{{ 

Thank you for sharing another exciting story of your wife's desperation. It seems your wife has no problem peeing in a semi-public place , when she has held it as long as she can, rather than wet herself.

My ex-wife refused to do that no matter what. I have posted the story previously , so a brief summery now. We were on a long hike up a mountain through the woods. Arriving at the summit, she immediately wanted to start down, because she needed to pee badly. Seeing her in serious discomfort, I suggested we go off trail and she pee in the woods. She said no , she was afraid of being seen. She said she would rather hold it until she couldn't and wet her pants if she couldn't stop the flow. I pointed out that everybody would see that, but of course I enjoyed every minute.

}}

Hm, you are raising a very interesting question that deserves more reflection, I think! What can we say about individual “preferences” of people who are not into desperation and/or wetting at all, if they are “stuck” in public scenarios and about to wet themselves?

I think in this particular context two very strict “norms” of our society come into the game. The first one is that we were all trained not to pee into our clothes by any means. This training happened very early in our lives and therefore the norm is written very deeply into our minds and subconsciousnesses as an absolute “taboo”. The second “rule” (in most countries this is even a legal rule!) is not to expose your private parts in public.

Now, if a person is reaching her/his personal bladder limit in a particular (semi)public scenario/setting, these two strict norms/rules inevitably get into an extreme conflict - as the person in question might actually have no other option than eventually breaking one of these rules! Which taboo a person will finally chose to break certainly depends on the individual, (which taboo he/she feels to be stronger) but besides that there will always be “flexible adaptions” concerning every particular situation.

For my wife, I can definitely confirm (as you already recognised) that the taboo of not wetting herself ranks much higher than the taboo of not exposing herself. Therefore, she is even in general not shy about peeing in public – and especially not, if this is the only alternative left to avoid wetting her clothes. However, she will always stay “flexible” and “adaptive” for every special scenario.

This becomes clear, when I again “fast browse” through her different pee emergencies I have described here:

When she is desperate while driving in a car together with me, she would NEVER pee in her clothes – if she actually can´t get out of the car in time, she would always drop her pants and pee in the car as a last option, but never in her pants. The situation would be different, if she was in a car with other person(s) – in that case, it would very much depends on who is in the car. Depending on that, she would again look for her options and chose the “least evil”, but I can´t imagine a particular scenario when peeing her pants would be that option.

On the other hand, in situations like on the boat trip as well as on the stuck underground she would have (reluctantly!!) chosen the option to wet herself, if she couldn’t have left just in time. In both cases, being either caught by the underground-CCTV or by the crew of the boat (and all the other passengers on board) would have made her to deal with possibly severe further consequences, which she wouldn´t have risked.

Maybe the most delicate situation was at the movie premiere in the cinema hall (=this thread). Neither wetting herself in the seat nor dropping her pants in front of everyone was a "valid option", both being an absolute no go in this very public and official setting. Leaving the hall earlier was the only "acceptable" solution. She was lucky to have this option – I have no idea what she might have “chosen” otherwise…

So, I would summarize my wife´s principles as following: Avoiding to wet herself by any means as an absolute priority. First of course by holding it as long as possible, but if this no longer an option, she would in general chose public peeing as the next best option. On the other hand, when public peeing on a particular spot will definitely result in very bad social, economic and/or legal consequences, she wouldn´t do it. In such cases she would finally give in and wet herself. But this would result in a real trauma for her, I am afraid – as her taboo of not wetting her clothes is so important for her.

Your ex-wife seemed to have an actually very different “ranking” of priorities concerning peeing in public versus peeing herself. On the other hand, I guess also for her, it would have depended very much on the situation. If you like, let´s play a game concerning this! Just try to imagine your ex-wife being in exactely the same situations as my wife was – what do you think your ex-wife would have done (different?) in every of these settings…? I am curious to hear your estimations!! ;-)

*008*2015-05-29 14:41

{{ 

Thank you for posting these accounts of your wife's desperation. So arousing and well written! Love the tension and anxiety. Glad your wife got to relieve herself away from prying eyes!! Wouldn't wish humiliation on anyone...but it would have been so hot being there with her and being aware of her bursting bladder reaching its limits...so sexy! Thanks again.

}}

Glad you enjoyed the descriptions! And welcome to the forum, I could see you are new here!

Some of the other members who read the stories said that they liked one of them the most (and I am too much involved personally to judge, to be honest), I would like to know if you had a "favourite" incident/story - and if so, which one and why...? I got really more and more curious, how those stories "rank" for other people. I actually never thought about this aspect before I started to write about the incidents on the net.

*011*2015-05-30 09:32

{{ 

Thank you for your welcome. If I had to chose a favourite incident, it would be the boat desperation, as your wife was faced with an awful dilemma (nice for us, of course), a situation she only managed to escape from by luck and determination. Her suffering sounded so painful yet so arousing as she was already resigned to wetting herself! Good she maintained a certain amount of dignity in the end!!

The situation in town is also very exciting as a lot of people could identify with this, and the various locations she had to cope with as her desperation grew stronger with little opportunity of a toilet to use. The ending is particularly pleasing, very sexy-and very wet-for you both!

And the cinema, with your wife trapped and a bursting bladder, suffering in silence to maintain her dignity in the presence of her colleagues is very nice...as always reaching a sweet climax. At least she had the option-albeit an embarrassing one-to try and reach a toilet and the cruel denial of relief in a conventional way at the end!

I think it all depends on the severity of the desperation and the actual location/situation a woman finds herself in. Your experiences are detailed and perfectly convey to us your wife's feelings and emotions, and because of this, it's the boat that floats my boat-so to speak. Nice to meet you and wish you and your wife all the best for the future-wet or dry :)

}}

Thanks a lot for your feedback! You are totally right, every scenario has it´s own elements that make it unique. But the incident on the boat is definitely something special, as a dilemma of this kind really doesn´t happen every day. I only regret that I could not personally witness the incident. But as she was so shocked by what happened to her, she really told me so many details, I can feel lucky to know about all that!

Thanks for your wishes, same to you! - I will keep you guys updated if something "wet" happens that is worthing writing about!

{{ 

I the situation I described we were on a well used trail going up a small mountain. While there was people frequently going in one direction or the other it was by no means steady. With the gaps in the foot traffic as well as the fact we were in the woods, we could have walked far enough off trail that nobody would have actually seen anything of her privates. Is it possible that someone could guess what she was doing ? Yes, but actually see her peeing could have been prevented. In any case it made for an exciting event for me, and although she struggled considerably, holding herself etc. she didn't loose a drop ,until we were back at our campsite. Even then in wasn't much, happening just as she was going to pee ,as it turned out behind our tent,where nobody could see her. Within a minute of getting out of the car it started coming out slowly.

Anyway I mention this because we were in a much less public place than you, but she refused to pee in the woods. Perhaps she would have reconsidered if she had started leaking. I will never know. But given all of this I think if she was in the same situations as your wife she probably would continued holding her pee hoping to keep it in ,until it was too late , and she wet her pants. She simply would not expose herself where there was a possibility of being seen. I was fine with that. I loved the struggle. She was OK with me peeing in a semi-public place ( and I did) because I did not have to pull my pants down, so not much was exposed.

As I related in my Desperate Debbie Posts she did wet her pants a few times, but never in public, except for a little what she called dribbling in her panties, that no one saw..

}}

Hi Wettingman!

And of course hello and thanks to everybody else who contributes to this developing thread!

Watch out, this is going to be a long post! ;-)

I just re-read all of Wettingman´s Debbie-stories on this forum, which was a high pleasure indeed, as they are so extremely hot and exciting, even when reading them again and again;-)) In fact I just wanted to get the best imaginations of Debbie´s personal preferences about peeing/wetting in situations of extreme pee emergency.

What I think I understood in a nutshell: As much as your Debbie rejected to pee in public, if there was even the slightest chance of being spotted by someone else (except you), she would also have avoided by any means that someone else might witness her peeing herself (=her clothes) or see her in public with wet clothes that would be clearly recognisable as the result of a pee accident.

These two "taboos" of your Debbie would have actually resulted in a classical "having the cake and eat it"-dilemma if she was in my wife's place during the incidents I have described. Therefore I would dare to say that your Debbie was quite lucky that her desperation scenarios where all very different than my wife's.

To illustrate more detailed what I mean, I reviewed my wife's desperation situations and just put your Debbie in her place - I hope you don't mind me doing that! ;-) - and tried to make guesses for what Debbie may have done according to what I have learned from your stories. And to make things really comparable and realistic, I of course consequently assumed as an absolute prerequisite that Debbie was always as desperate as my wife was at the end of the incidents - meaning at maximum a few minutes or sometimes rather literally only seconds away from having a full accident.

So here we go – comparing my wife´s actual behaviour versus guesses for Debbie´s in her place:

Coming home desperate:

Generally no different outcome for Debbie than for my wife - except, if you (in contrast to me) would have been "a bad guy" ;-)) and not helped her to get the zipper of her skirt down. In that case the outcome for Debbie would definitely have been a full accident in her clothes, probably in the shower cabin, I guess. (I still sometimes regret that I helped my wife with the zipper, I have to admit. It is sometimes tempting to imagine being a "bad guy"!) ;-)

Highway ride back from the lake:

After missing the exit to the rest station, Debbie would certainly had refused to pee next to the car on the breakdown lane as she would have been in full view for literally many dozens (if not hundreds) of people in by-passing cars, able to watch her bare butt and even her massive pee stream clearly! But there was actually no other option available than pulling over and peeing very publicly. Outcome for Debbie: Having a full accident in the car shortly! (But only you witnessing it).

Highway ride to the airport:

After making it to the park deck I guess Debbie would again have strictly refused to pee on the ground between parked cars, as the risk of being spotted was in fact quite high. She would have probably started to look for toilets. She may have found the toilets (they actually were on the deck!) but even if they were not closed, she wouldn't have made it there in time. So, most likely outcome for Debbie: At least part or even full wetting, in worst case in front of other people. Need to change to dry clothes ( luckily possible, as we had lots of them in our travel suitcases).

Stuck on the Underground:

I am actually not sure what Debbie might have done. Not leaving the train at the very next station after the long halt in the tunnel but simply continuing the ride would have meant full wetting on the wagon within a couple of minutes - with lots of people around. Rather unlikely, what do you think…? If she got out at the station like my wife did, I guess Debbie would have rather started to look for toilets instead of thinking about anything else(?) However there was only a very low chance to find any toilets at all, particularly in time. My guess for Debbie´s outcome: Full wetting somewhere in the station area in front of many people. Finally taxi ride home in soaked clothes - if the cab driver would have accepted her at all!

Desperation at the Cinema:

Again not really sure, what Debbie might have done - actually there were different options: Taking the risk of simply not leaving the cinema hall early, but hoping for the movie to finish as soon as possible. This would have been a very bad decision, as the movie went on for another 30 minutes. Outcome for Debbie: Definitely a full accident in her seat, realised by many people around her (including her coworker and her boss!). Afterwards her totally soaked pants beeing seen by literally hundreds of people, many of them business partners, not to mention local celebs, media (with cameras!!).

Other option for Debbie: Leaving the hall before having an accident, like my wife did - and finding all toilets closed for cleaning. However, Debbie may have tried to wait for them to be opened again. Would she had a chance to make it? The more likely alternative would have been a full wetting in the entrance hall. Not sure, what Debbie would have done then... Immediately driving home in her soaked clothes...?

Bursting on a boat:

Basically two options for Debbie: NOT leaving the boat at the first stop - thus inevitably fully wetting herself, sitting closely next to dozens of other passengers who can see and hear what's happening to her. Within minutes every passenger on the boat as well as the crew would have known what happened. Anyway, a totally embarrassed Debbie would have been unable to leave the scene for a long time. Very unlikely that she would have done this, I guess.

I am actually pretty sure, Debbie would have also left the boat at the first chance, as my wife did. But just like my wife, Debbie would have found herself in a place without any toilets. Being surrounded by occasional pedestrians and in full view from many houses, she wouldn't have dared to squat and pee in place. But then she would have definitely faced a full blown accident in this public surrounding, furthermore confronted with the problem to go back (how...?) with totally soaked clothes to her hotel at the other end of the city...

My guesses about Debbie's probable behaviour if she were in place of my wife may be mostly wrong. Actually I don't know Debbie at all - I just wanted to outline (or should I rather say "fantasize?") what she might have done, simply trying to conclude from your (wonderful!) stories about her. I am very curious about your opinion on my "guessing play" - and of course I would very much appreciate if you might tell my, which of my estimations were completely wrong. (Probably many of them...).

But in first place I am glad that your Debbie experienced her (many!) desperation incidents in completely different scenarios than my wife. Because as a result she also never had to make too embarrassing experiences and in addition you both seemed to have lots of fun! ;-)

*013*2015-05-31 07:08

{{ 

Wow you seriously analyzed this ! That is fine. I answer the best I can.

I don't know the laws of your country, but here in the USA you can be arrested for public urination alone along with indecent exposure.

Although she did cheat -thus our divorce- Deb felt strongly about exposing herself in front in public. Also, unless in a full crouch peeing would has been messy I think, as she still had her full pubic hair . In addition, she usually had warnings she was about to wet her pants in the form of small leaks , she called it dribbling ,before she totally lost control. She only totally soaked herself once that I recall.

So Deb in your wife's incidents...

Coming home desperate- This same thing did happen on our wedding day ,except I witnessed her desperation on the way home. As soon as we got in the door she said please help me out of my wedding dress quickly , I am about to pee in it. Of course I complied.

Coming home from the lake. I never posted this - I didn't think of it -We were on the way to a concert about 2.5 hours from home. We had dropped off our kids , at my brother's first he was going to watch them . For whatever reason about 1.5 hours into our journey, I needed to pee badly, so I pulled off into a service area. As soon as she noticed me exiting the highway, she let out a big sigh of relief. Thank God you decided to stop, I am about to wet myself. I glanced over and sure enough her hand was buried in her crotch.

I don't know why she didn't ask me to stop, but perhaps because we were running late due to heavy fog. Curious, I asked what she would have done if I had not stopped. She said she would have tried to hold it as long as she could. When she could no longer hold it she would likely wet her pants. I of course loved this conversation, so I pressed her on this. How could you go to the concert with wet pants? She did grudgingly admit , once she as she called it dribbled in her panties, she would hope to quickly find a secluded spot for me to stop.I guess she didn't realize on the interstate we were on opportunities were limited. My need to pee prevented us from finding out.

Highway ride to the airport- I don't see her peeing between cars ,so if she could not make it to the restroom , at least a partial wetting would be likely. Again not necessarily a total soaking, but it would be obvious her crotch and upper thigh would possibly have gotten wet. She could leak uncontrollably in small amounts for a while, before giving in.

Stuck in the underground- She defiantly would have wanted to get off at the next station to use the restroom. She could hold it a bit longer sitting so if there was a place to sit squirm and hold herself, while I scouted for the restroom we would have done that. She would have gone in her pants rather than pee in public. She was forever hopeful of limiting the damage by leaking and spurting. Which would be more embarrassing , having people seeing her peeing, which would offend some people or wet her pants.Neither is a good choice. Even your wife wet her panties a bit here.

At The cinema- I am sure she would have left the theater with the first warning leak if not before. However with the restrooms closed she would have been in trouble. She often said when required to hold, her pee always felt like it was about to come out when she stood up. So here since she would not pee in a hallway , the likely result may have been a total drenching of her pants. She would not have returned to the theater, but the mess would have been humiliating.

Bursting on the boat. I could see her getting into this fix.Yes she would have gotten off the boat, but there is no way she would pee in view of some homes. No matter how bad she had to go I don't think her sphincter would allow her to release , even if she was willing. Seeing how much extreme bladder stretching pain your wife was in, making holding it any longer impossible, and with no other options several slow leaks over time eventually soaking her pants. Once her pants were drenched with pee and this would likely taken a while, a little at a time, there would be no reason not to let the rest out, and out of pain.

}}

Thanks for joining into this funny as well as exciting game of comparison between my wife´s and your Debbie´s pee habits!

I have finally understood that in addition to the individual preferences about “breaking taboos” when desperate to pee, there is also an important kind of “physiological” difference between the two of them: Your Debbie obviously has a kind of “three-stage-pattern” that regularly passes off, when she becomes desperate to pee. The first phase is the usual struggle to hold and succeeding in staying dry. But then she obviously enters a phase where she starts repeatedly leaking for some time, slowly creating minor damage to her clothes, but still having a rather good chance of getting along without too much embarrassment if she finds a toilet in time.(?) Only phase three would mean having a full blown accident with completely soaking her clothes. (I hope, I understood these phases correctly?? btw: how long did Debbie´s “leaking phase” usually last…?)

In contrast, my wife generally has only a “two-stage-pattern”: The first phase is again the struggle to hold with all possible effort. In that phase she always stays completely dry, simply as long as she is able to endure holding. If the discomfort finally gets beyond her holding abilities and she loses the battle, she usually enters the phase of peeing at full force immediately. In some cases, when she is extremely desperate, there is just a very short intermediate phase of the so called “doorstep incontinence”, meaning she might have held it for very long but starts to lose control exactly at the point of time, when she is very close to the place where she can pee finally. This actually happened quite a couple of times during the incidents I described. (Coming home desperate, ride back from the lake, and stuck on the Underground).

However, knowing their typical body reactions to pee emergencies, your Debbie and my wife very obviously take these body reactions into consideration when calculating time-perspectives of holding and making decisions where and how to pee in extreme emergencies. (i.e. public vs. secluded, pants down vs. wetting themselves). That means in fact we also can´t really “equally” compare my wife´s and your Debbie´s pee habits, as they seem to base not only on moral priorities, but equally important on their bodies individual reactions to bursting bladders!

Concerning your replies to the scenarios, I must say that I really liked very much, what you wrote, thanks! ;-) The incident on your wedding day is “sweet”, so to speak! Did you ever write about her desperation in the car on your way back home? I never found this story on any board… And congrats for being the perfect gentleman to help her out of her wedding dress! I can vividly imagine your temptation to delay her a bit more, resulting in it becoming a “wetting dress”!

The incident on your way to the concert is indeed very hot! What a piece of bad luck that you also had to pee! Otherwise this would have definitely developed into an extremely exciting story! Something maybe totally different from the other experiences you made with her when being desperate to pee, I guess…

On the way to the airport Debbie would have most probably been really lucky, as she could have used her “leaking phase” for finding the toilets (they weren´t that far on the deck). However, on the Underground, thinks might have turned bad. Meanwhile I know that the station in question has actually no toilets. And as Debbie wouldn’t have wanted to pee somewhere else exposed in public, you might have had the “honour” to take home a totally soaked wife – on which type of transportation ever… For the cinema, what you write is exactly what I expected. Poor Debbie would have had to drive back home sitting in her car in completely soaked clothes – at least unnoticed by anybody else!

But really the most pitiful outcome for Debbie would have been the incident on the boat… After escaping from the crazy dilemma on the boat, she would have actually ended up with exactly the same result as if she would have stayed on the boat! From the place where she got off the boat, she would have needed to go back to her hotel by public transport, (a taxi wouldnt have accepted her in her state...) first taking a bus, then changing to an Underground line, once more changing to another line, finally a short walk in public back to the hotel – altogether 45-50 minutes of travel through the city – and all the time Debbie being seen with her completely soaked clothes by literally hundreds of people!

Though what we are playing her is just a “what – if”-game and nothing ever became reality, I actually feel tempted to shout: “Debbie!!! After struggling so brave on the boat, please, squat and pee between cars and spare yourself this most extreme humiliation!”

So, once again thanks a lot for joining this exciting “game”, I really enjoyed it! And if you find some time, I would of course look forward to read more about your wedding day experience!

P.S.: Yes, also in my European country public urination as wells as (or combined with) indecent exposure is principally forbidden. But the situation is a bit differentiated: While indecent exposure (of your genitals) in general while make you get arrested, public urination “only” can make you getting a simple fine, as long as you manage to do it without “indecent exposure” to other people. Quite complicated, I know. Especially for the courts!

*015*2015-05-31 14:56

{{ 

Yes I have posted Debbie's wedding day desperation a couple of times . Here is the most recent $/23774-wedding-day-wetters/#entry961490

.

}}

Thanks for the link, I really didn´t find that one before! Very hot indeed! I am really very lucky that this didn´t happen to me (or actually to my wife) on our wedding day. I am afraid I would not have been able to resist the temptation to delay our car ride as long as possible....

{{ 

As far as getting her to pee outside , she strongly did not want strangers to see her pussy. Yes you have the phases correctly . How long did her leaking phase last? That is difficult to gauge because she usually went after she started leaking. I would say up to a half hour or forty five minutes.I do remember now a couple of incidents off hand .One that I was present for,I the way home from the cinema . There was a long line ( isn't there always) when the movie was over, so she decided to try to make it home. She leaked a bit soon after getting in the car. It was about a 20 minute drive home, and there was just a nice wet spot in her panties. I don't remember her pants being wet.

}}

It´s absolutely understandble that Debbie would not have wanted any strangers to see her pussy in case she would pee outside. In general, this would also apply for my wife, I would say. However, among her emergency incidents there were some were she was so extremely desperate at on her limit that she didn´t care whatever whoever saw of her...

As for the length of time of your ex-wife´s leaking - 30-45 minutes, wow, thats quite a long time!! I can imagine that knowing, despite already no longer having total control, your body allows you such a long time of further waiting before a full catastrophe would happen, certainly would influence how you behave/calculate what to do when having to pee badly!

{{ 

For whatever reason she did not like to pee at work and often held it all day.On some days our schedule allowed me to pick her up on the way home from work, rather than take public transportation, the city bus. There were a couple of situations there. In one situation she ended up peeing in the toilet at work. That story is here $/13323-desperate-debbie-at-work/#entry531438

. The time on the way home from work she had a miserable day, and just wanted to be out of there, and left without peeing, despite being desperate .She was outside waiting for me, with her legs crossed tightly,but was in an unpleasant mood . She didn't want to talk . By time we arrived home, about an half hour, she had calmed a bit . I was able to convince her to let me check her panties, as she peed in the toilet. The crotch of her panties was soaked , but her pants were dry. She confessed to leaking a bit while waiting for me . I arrived at the 45 minute figure because once she held it for about an hour after she started leaking. That is the one time she soaked her pants completely. I can't find that one here. I can't believe I never told it . I will have to check into that and post it.

}}

Again - I am extremely impressed by the length of your Debbie´s "leaking phase" without actually creating real visible damage to her clothes! Knowing that she can do this, must have contributed extremely to her self confidence about being able to hold on even after reaching a clear state of high emergency.

{{ 

With all her holding her pee to the last moment, I always wondered if she secretly had some Omorashi in her and enjoyed it too. She vehemently denied it.

}}

To be honest, this idea came up to me again and again, reading your many stories... But you have to judge, you know her.

*016*2015-05-31 15:33

{{ 

As to your wife's peeing at the fully at the last second.There is no way to know for sure that her pee was coming out no matter what at that precise second.The sudden release of urine is partly psychological .The inhibition preventing her from peeing -her pants- was removed. Also I know when I do a hold , setting a time goal, my need to pee increases dramatically or I actually start wetting when that time is up. I try to convince myself that this is psychological, but the leaks continue. I have done this for as log as 2 hours , gradually getting my jeans wetter and wetter.}}

I am not really sure if I fully understood what you meant (except that the release of peeing is partly psychological, that´s clear).

I just know - and wanted to put out - that my wife definitely has no "leaking phase", when she is desperate. (The same is true for me, btw.).

As long as she manages to hold her pee, she will always stay completely dry. The more desperate she becomes, the stronger her pee stream will be (right from the beginning) when she starts to pee eventually.

If this would be exactely the same, if she would ever be forced to wet herself in a particular scenario, I don´t know, as she never got that far.

Anyway, she is rather prone to the already mentioned "doorstep incontinence", which has happened to a few times to her and which is of course 100% psychological.

Do you think it is possible that people can divided in two groups, i.e. "leakers" and "non-leakers" in terms of extreme pee desperation/wetting...?

*018*2015-06-01 15:22

{{ 

As to your wife's peeing at the fully at the last second.There is no way to know for sure that her pee was coming out no matter what at that precise second.The sudden release of urine is partly psychological .The inhibition preventing her from peeing -her pants- was removed.

}}

I finally got what meant by this! And of course you have "identified" this absolutely right! In fact at EVERY of the emergency pee incidents of my wife, she always only let go, when she finally reached a place which she considered to be appropriate for her to pee there - though it was always a "compromise" and never a toilet, which she would have preferred in general too, but this was simply out of reach at theses very moments.

Anyway, it was never a "coincidence" at which particular second she finally started to pee - It was simply her absolute deliberate decision to let go NOW (and not earlier).

That she nevertheless faced some cases of "doorstep incontinence" in this context doesnt mean she actually "lost it", in its proper meaning, it is rather a proof for the above said (and your interpretation).

*019*2015-06-01 15:49

{{ 

Do you think it is possible that people can divided in two groups, i.e. "leakers" and "non-leakers" in terms of extreme pee desperation/wetting...?

}}

@wettingman, on 31 May 2015 - 3:03 PM, said:

I had not thought about it until now, but yes apparently so. I wonder if even a physician could say why. It would be a rather awkward question anyway.

Just one additonal very personal thought of mine about this question.

I was into female desperation as long as I can remember and I was always looking very actively for female desperation in real life, keeping my eyes wide open for any slightest possible evicence of a female desperation incidents.

As a result, I have experienced a really vast number of such events and I consider myself very lucky to have witnessed so many emergency situations and pees.

But to be honest, I have never heard (or personally witnessed) that at extremely high desperation stages something like "leaking" (preceding "totally losing control"!) exists, before I started to join internet communities of other omorashi/wetting/desperation-fans. Only there I have read about this phenomenon for the first time. And since that time, I am actually very curious, what it stands for.

I slowly start to think about if the particular "leaking phase" is in fact a special feature of wetting(themselves)-lovers, who have consciously and with much determination "relearned" their ability to lose control - something they had to unlearn during their toilet training as children, and which is thus so deeply in their minds that it´s very difficult to overcome it again.

Maybe I still don´t have enough insight and experience about this issue, but today I am very much tempted to to asume that the huge majority of people (who is not into wetting themselves) is actually unable to "produce" leaking...?

*021*2015-06-01 16:55

{{ 

I don't know about the huge majority or even a simple majority, I had not thought of that. I do know for me personally , this definitely the is case. I used to suffer from extreme agony; my bladder litterly felt like it would rupture.Once I even felt my very stretched bladder swinging inside of me from my ureters( the tubes leading from the kidneys to the bladder). I thought it was going to tear loose. My kidneys also hurt. But , after that I found myself, untrained to the point I could slowly leak ,like I said for a couple of hours. I can still hold more than most and my bladder gets very full before I leak but, I am spared the extreme agony. I enjoy that feeling.

Debbie professed not to like desperation and wetting, and always had the ability to leak, and prolong her hold beyond where others would have soaked themselves.

}}

Thanks for your personal estimation! I have only tried a couple of times to "hold it" deliberately (at home) as long as possible. I always ended up getting extreme abdominal and whole body spasm and finally a very sudden, excruciating kidney pain, which is almost impossible to describe... At that very moment I always gave up and peed immediately (I always measured, too - the kindey pain always set in when close to 1300ml were in my bladder), but the peeing never really felt as the usual relief, but always very painful till my bladder was empty. Every time, it hurt for many days...

But I never reached a point of leaking! And I guess I understood I should not simply hold longer despite the pain and "wait" for the leaking - it won´t come! If I personally wanted to become able to leak, I would have to actively unlearn some elements of my potty training - thats what I finally understood.

And concerning your Debbie and her "ability" to leak - I suppose, she was maybe "somehow" a little bit into wetting, but probably not really conscious about that, though. You already mentioned something similar before. But the final judgement about that is of course yours!

