Wet While Doing My Math Homework

Author: LucyVersion2.0

*000*2012-10-20 22:20

Hey gang! I had a few moments, so I thought I'd share the tale of some fun I recently had at home while doing my homework.

I was trying to get my math homework done. Sometimes the teacher assigns a shit ton of it, and this was one of those times. I had spent much of the afternoon working on homework for other classes, and filling my bladder. Well, I have to admit it, I hate math. Soon, I was more focused on myself; my growing desperation was making me incredibly aroused. I decided to allow myself a brief jill-off, just to cum in my pants so my focus would come back. So, I took care of that, and it did help for awhile. I got through two sections of exercises and was well into a third when a problem stumped me. As I tried to make sense of it, my now overfull bladder began to cramp.

I gave up on the problem entirely and focused all my energy into holding my pee, but I was fighting a losing battle; even as I tried to hold it, I was peeing my pants. Finally realizing there was nothing I could do about it besides save my chair, I jumped off of it and shoved it across my bedroom. I kicked my shoes under my desk, grabbed my warm, wet crotch, and just cut loose, standing on my chair mat (or whatever the hell those are called, helps your chair roll better, and great for impromptu wettings in a carpeted room). I totally soaked myself :) After that, I felt much better. I laid a towel over my chair and finished the rest of my math in wet jeans.

