Footed onesie wetting

Author: Barry

*000*2015-03-09 22:39

I own a couple of pairs of footed onesie pyjamas. My favourite pair are a camouflage green pattern. They have the built in feet, a flap at the back, and button all the way up to the neck. They're not the most absorbent thing to wet in, but if you do pee in them, it runs down the legs and soaks into the feet nicely.

A few months back, my wife and kids were all away for the weekend. On the Saturday morning, I was up early, and decided to make breakfast and take it outside to our back patio area, which is nice and private.

I was planning a lot of wetting fun for the weekend, including plans to buy some Depends briefs later, but figured I would start with peeing in some faded denim shorts I like after breakfast. As a result, I didn't use the toilet upon getting up. I needed my morning pee, somewhat badly, although I wouldn't say urgently as yet, but as I was cooking my bacon and eggs, I did indulge in some leg crossing and crotch holding in the kitchen. It probably wasn't necessary, but dressed as I was in a onesie, with light blue briefs underneath, and doing a pee dance made me feel little and childlike again.

I took my breakfast and my second cup of coffee outside. It was certainly cooler out there, although not exactly cold. I was fairly snug in my onesie though, so it wasn't too bad.

As I ate my breakfast and enjoyed the sun coming up, the cool air combined with my 2 coffees teamed up on my bladder, making my need increase quickly. Pretty soon I was bursting. As I ate I thought about my options. I had already planned my wettings for the day, including what clothes I'd wear, and when, where and how I would use my pull up briefs when I bought them, but I hadn't considered my onesie. I knew it didn't matter if it got wet, as I would definitely have a load of laundry to do later anyway!

With that in mind, I decided to do a little wee in them as I sat there. I planned to just pee a bit for the sake of comfort and relieve a bit of pressure, then I would go and put my shorts on for my first full on wetting of the weekend. You know what they say about the best laid plans however......

As I ate my breakfast, sitting on a wooded chair at our outside table on the concrete under our patio, I spread my legs a bit and relaxed a bit as I leant forward. Immediately some warm pee dribbled out. I felt it trickle over my crotch area, and pool around my butt. I ignored this, and didn't even look down, just continued eating. The trickle just didn't stop though, it just kept going. I was hunched forward, legs slightly ajar, feet flat on the ground, and leaking more and more. After about 30 seconds of slowly leaking and squirting, I started to feel real discomfort. The seal was truly broken and a flood was imminent.

Suddenly I felt a spasm, and a large spurt escaped. I was resigned by now that I wouldn't be able to hold on long enough to get changed into my shorts, so as I ate I just gave up the fight. I sat back, spread my legs and relaxed completely as I picked up my coffee. I stared at my crotch, and while the camo doesn't show a wet spot, because they're not very absorbent, I watched the pee just run out of the front and sides of my onesie, forming a pool on the seat, then dripping onto the cement to make a large puddle under my chair. I just picked up my fork and continued eating.

When I had finished, about 5 minutes later, there was a puddle under me that my feet were splashing in, and 3 streams were making their way towards the grass. I stood up and felt a bit more left, so I pushed a bit and felt the last of my previously full bladder escape, and run straight down my legs into the feet of my onesie, which were already wet as I stood in a puddle.

Awesome start to the day!

