I. DID. IT.

Author: MagicMike123

*000*2015-11-21 07:33

I. DID. IT.

I did it. What is it that I did? I finally reached my experience in omorashi I have been waiting for. A total loss of control. When I wet the bed at a very young age, maybe 5 or 6, I would have these pee dreams. I suppose all of you did but I remember one vividly.

In the dream, which I believe I have told before (not in length or detail) on another thread, I was in my local grocery store. I remember little me, running around inside it, desperately trying to find a bathroom, but to no prevail. I stayed mostly by the exit near the checkouts. I finally left the store, going out the automatic door, alas, just as I got outside, I had this feeling. An amazing feeling of bliss, and total loss of control. I woke up drenched, but reflecting back on it I am almost glad I did. I recall this sensation, which is very hard to describe (maybe some of you have felt it before) of total loss of control. It was probably the first orgasmic feeling I remember being at such a young age, and today, I felt it.

Today, I was doing a Milovana holding challenge, and I grew sick and tired of waiting endlessly, still feeling like I was in total control, even though I was bursting. I decided to expand outside of the challenge, and got another bottle of water from my fridge. As I was about a quarter done with it, I felt it. I recognized the orgasmic sensation immediately, the feeling of total loss of control. I hadn’t felt it in so long. I started to feel a bit of pain and realized that I couldn’t not hold it any longer. I grabbed paper towels and took my jeans off as fast as I could, laying the paper towels on my chair, spurting as I was doing everything. I then proceeded to sit down, and empty everything milliliter of fluid that was in my poor bladder. When I finished, the paper towels were soaked, my ravaged underwear dripping with pee. I felt amazing. I loved it. I then took off my underwear and cleaned up. This will be an experience I will never forget. I. DID. IT.

P.S. I hope you guys enjoyed this and if you would like me to post more, I gladly will, thank you for reading.

*004*2015-11-28 23:18

{{ 

Very well written account of your experience!

I find it interesting that you both are saying that it is an orgasmic/sex-esque feeling! I really do. I really really find that interesting. Are you guys in any way exaggerating?

"

}}

I might of been exaggerating, by now I am not even sure. It probably wasn't as powerful as having sex, but it definitely was quite up there on the pleasure scale.

