School Desperation

Author: Dexter

*000*2011-05-26 05:38

One of the most memorable desperations I've ever seen up close occurred when I was a freshman in high school. It was by a girl who was wearing tight jeans and a black t-shirt, she was really tan and about 5' 4" or so.

I was in English and it was getting to be around finals so to say the least it was really boring. I started to look for things to do to keep me busy through the teacher's random babbling about commas and quotation marks when I noticed that over to my left to see one of the sophomores who failed the class the previous year with her head down on the desk and her hands shoved into her crotch.

Now from previous experiences I've seen her fall asleep in class like this, but this time it was different. I was about to just go to sleep myself when I heard her turn to her friend and say "I really have to pee".

I started to now glance over every once in a while to see how bad it was, and she was not doing too good at the time she said this.

Also I would like to note that, I'm not sure how long high school classes were for you guys, but here they're usually around an hour and a half long. There was about half of the class period left to go when she said this, so I was smiling to myself.

Not much happened for about 15 minutes when she finally raised her hand to ask if she could go to the bathroom, and almost as quickly as she said "bathroom" the teacher replied no.

She then looked at the clock and almost gasped out loud at how much time there was left in class (about 30 minutes for those not interested in doing math :)).

She was at the stage where keeping a "poker face" was getting kinda hard. She went back to putting her head down with her hands in her crotch for about another 5-10 minutes, but she was squirming a lot now.

She suddenly looked, not really up, but close enough. She then looked back down and removed her hands for a second to reveal a small wet spot in the middle of her jeans. Her eyes were a mix between tears and absolute terror.

She made a fairly good attempt at keeping her cool and not drawing any attention to anyone who didn't know what her predicament was in the first place.

It's hard to remember exactly how much time passed before she really started to go into the "can't focus on anything else whatsoever" stage, but it was close to the end of class and my mind was yelling at the clock to slow the hell down.

I would say with about 5-10 minutes left in class was when it started to really look like she wasn't going to make it. It was also probably a good thing that she was in the back of the class or she would've attracted a lot more attention to herself than she did.

She did make it to the bell though, but she was very, very slow to get up. In fact, I don't think she would've even taken her books and whatnot with her if it weren't for right as she stood up straight, she peed just enough to make a pretty big wet spot.

I watched her make what I call the "walking sprint". She was walking at an absolutely incredible speed. I didn't need to draw any attention to myself by following directly behind her, but I did slowly make my way down the hallway after her.

Now if it weren't for one minor thing, I probably would've said she made it, but there was the minor detail of her walking out of the bathroom with no pants on...

Yeah, you did read that right, no pants on. Now that isn't as bad as it may sound, she was now in super bright, neon spandex shorts. They were apparently under her jeans though because they were also wet.

I didn't see her for the rest of the day, but I do remember that much of it. I hope you liked that, it was my first story/experience here, and I hope it didn't look to bad (I am really bad at proofreading...and stories in general actually :/). Tell me what you think I guess.

*003*2011-05-27 03:23

Her hair was black.

