A Cherished Memory 2

Author: Pain

*000*2014-12-31 06:57

This is one of those experiences I had with my ex a couple of years back which I really wanted to share.

Her name was Samiksha,5’8 tall, dusky complexion and long brunette hair. Her figure although not envious but was rather slim and feminine.

She was well versed with my omo fetish and would usually be happy to go along with it.

One fine afternoon I asked her to hold it while we were on a date in the city mall. She agreed and I brought her two bottles of mineral water, 1 liter each.

She chugged down the entire contents from the first bottle and another three forth from the second within a span of around 30-35 minutes. Now the waiting game began.

Before long she told me that her bladder filling was rapidly.

After around two hours of chatting and sitting around wasting our time, I could notice her bulbous bladder bulge stretching the waistband of her jeans.

Meanwhile she had also consumed the remaining water from the second bottle.

It seemed like she was about to explode. I was sporting a raging hard on in my pants now, trying my best to conceal it.

Samiksha asked if she could go to the loos, but I had different plans.

I suggested we head back to my place since my parents wouldn’t have been back from work till 7:00 pm that day and my brother was off to his coaching. I was ready to go all the way!

Samiksha unwillingly agreed. She hobbled her way to the parking area , her bladder should have been bursting for her usually gracious demeanor to fall apart.

She now wasn’t trying to hide her desperation either.

I rode the bike while she sat behind me. Sitting with her legs wide apart while dying to pee must have wreaked havoc on her sphincters. All the while I could feel she was squirming on the seat.

Half way there she said, “Hurry up, I’m peeing” into my ear amongst the sound of fast blowing wind suppressing her voice.

When I heard this ,I was so turned on that I almost came in my pants.

I asked her to hold on.

She said that she was trying her level best but was unable to stop the spurts rushing out from time to time.

I almost lost it right there but somehow picked up the pace to reach my apartment building only to find my mom’s moped in the basement parking area.

I pulled the brakes, she jumped down. The wet patch on the back of her jeans was enormous.

“Where is your house?”, every inch of her body was screaming frantic , this was the first time she was coming to my place so she obviously didn’t know where I lived.

She was grabbing and pulling the crotch of her jeans real tight now.

I told her that my mom was home and she wouldn’t be able to use my loos.

Within seconds her bladder exploded and she was peeing full force standing there in front of me.I could clearly listen to the hissing sound coming as the wetness grew from her crotch , expanding to her inner thighs all the way down to her trembling knees, leaving a massive puddle beneath her. This was the third time she had wet herself in front of me so she wasn’t all that ashamed, but the relief on her face told just how much she had been holding.

I was able to sneak out a pair of my jeans form home while she stood behind the staircase on the ground floor.

Luckily no one noticed us. She quickly took of her soaked jeans and put out on mine while I kept watch.

Poor Samiksha had to go back home in my jeans, she was successful in getting to her room before her parents could notice her changed piece of clothing.

