Scaring the Pee out of her

Author: ITXCPTR

*000*2012-07-18 19:48

This happened today when my best friend and I were on our way home from tafe.

We were about halfway home between tafe and my house. Had about 45min of the drive to go. We were about 5min away from a park and my friend asked if we could please stop there as she needed to pee really badly and that she wanted to play on the playground there. One of the things I love about my besfriend so much is while she can be really mature when she needs to be. At times her an I can play around like we are 5 years old and we love it.

So we pulled upto the park and there was no one else there. Which was good, we go to playgrounds all the time and it gets a bit odd if there is parents there with little kids when there is a girl and boy there in their early 20s lol acting like 5 year olds. Especially as I like to film all our whacky outings. I shoot 3 or 4 hours a day of video on one of those little FLIP video cameras which I carry everywhere with me, I like documenting my life and my friends lives.

So we were walking across the park to the playground of which the toilet block was on the other side of it. Once we got closer to the playground she started running towards it skipping and jumping around, I pulled out my camera and started it recording. She had forgotten she needed to pee, the excitement on the playground was too much for her. So we played around for like half an hour then I got an important work phone call which took me about 10min to deal with. I kind of expected her to go pee while I was on the phone but she was just sitting on the top level of this like pirate ship thing.

I didn’t know exactly where she was but I could hear her giggling. I climbed up very quietly and she didn’t notice me at all, she was looking through the fake telescope. so I was able to creep up quite close behind her. Id sat my little camera on the ledge at the top of the ladder as I wanted to film how close I could get before she noticed. I was half expecting her to turn round and be like ‘I know your there’ but she didn’t. I go so close I could of touched her. I just stood there for a little bit deciding how I should announce my presence to her. Finally decided seeing as we are on the pirate ship I might as well play the part.

So I just grabbed her from behind while yelling out “ARHHH LOOKS LIKE I GOT ME A FINE WRENCH HERE YA MATEY” and lifted her up in the air. she screamed out as I honestly had scared the hell out of her. Or as it seemed the pee. It took a sec to notice but she was peeing herself. She turned around so fast to make sure it was me and not some random person before she even noticed herself she was peeing. When she realized she was peeing she told me quite loudly several times how much she hated me and proceeded to punch my shoulder about 10 times quite hard in the same spot. She might be a rather small girl but she sure can punch hard. I feel sorry for anyone should she ever actually want to harm them.

Once she had calmed down and I had honestly said sorry to her as I never meant to scare her that badly. And I had forgotten she still needed to pee aswell. We went back to my van so she could change. Great thing about a van. You can change in it without it being overly difficult. Then headed home so she could have a shower. After the shower I made sure everything was ok between us and said sorry again for scaring her as I do really feel bad about it. I showed her the video, to which she punched me a few more times which really hurt. I deserved it though lol.

*005*2012-07-24 16:45

Hey sorry didnt notice the comments.

She was wearing red jeans and a grayish t shirt with a brown jacket. And yes her jeans got quite wet more so at the back than the front cos she peed herself while i still had her up in the air. (i grabbed her around the waist and leaned back to lift her up) My pants got pee on them too but i was wearing my techie cloths which are all black so hardly showed.

And yer she wasnt really that annoyed at all. She is my bestfriend and her and i are really very very close. We basically spend all week together got we each live like 50Km away from tafe in roughly opposite directions so we alternate at staying at each others houses to save on petrol.

As for uploading the video, i would have to talk to her about it. There is no way i would upload something like that of her unless she was totally comfortable with it being on the internet. But il be honest you cant hardly see any of the peeing as the camera was side on

