Last Year I...

Author: Maria-Sanza

*000*2011-05-24 04:06

(This is a true story that happened to me last year, November.)

Hello, everyone! I am about to tell a story of something naughty I did last year. I am currently a senior in High School, about to go to college. I am 18, my height is 5'3. I am quite pale and my eyes are green~ I wear glasses because I am nearsighted. My body isn't much to speak of. I am quite thin but I am also quite flat-chested. >///////<

###

I am usually never alone at home.

You see, my mother is usually always there, and my dad often returns before nighttime. Today, however, was a special day: Mom left for a business trip to Nicaragua about a week ago, and my father would not return home until very late.

I would have the entire day to myself today, and I felt naughty... I yearned to pleasure myself sexually, but I craved more than the usual. I was a libidnous mess with a desire to be satisfied.

I had been planning since yesterday; drinking plenty of water before going to bed. I wanted to start off in the morning with already something in me, and by the time I return home, I would be at the verge of exploding. An interesting day awaited me as I stripped off my clothes and readied for bed.

###

The next day, I woke up early, since it was difficult for me to sleep anyway. I felt great, and my heart began racing, thinking of the events that would occur later today. I have a long day ahead of me and I should not expect to get home until 6:30...

>> My, 12 hours, isn't that a bit too much?

My professor for Business required that we wear formal clothing to class today. We had to do a quick presentation about an assignment that he had assigned us a while back.

I keep a healthy supply of office clothes and other formal outfits, but even then, I had trouble choosing what to wear. I felt naughty, and I wanted to wear something sexy. In the end, I decided to wear a fitted pinstripe pencil skirt, a frilly white blouse, black pantyhose, and a pinstripe suit. Underneath I wore a white lace bra, and a white lace thong. I like to cordinate, and I completed my outfit with simple black formal shoes. I combed my brown wavy hair and tied it back, grabbed my things, and headed out the door.

I was quite sleepy because I didn't sleep well, so I went to grab a coffee from Starbucks and made my way to the bus. Honestly, I felt fine, and even though I had a long day ahead of me, I was quite eager to see the day go through.

###

It's now lunch, and my last three classes were quite intense. We discussed standard deviation in my AP Calculus class, we discussed a novel in AP English, and we had a test today for Physics. Everything went well and by now, the pressure in my bladder was noticeable. It was just right: I didn't have to struggle to hold it, and it wasn't uncomfortable. "Exactly on track," I said to myself, and got ready for my business class, which was right after.

We rode the bus to the library, where we had our classes. I spoke with a few friends on the way, sharing music with them as we went. All throughout the bus I kept hearing about how most of the guys didn't finish their assignments and how they hoped that they wouldn't have to present today. I however, was beginning to feel a little worried; the pressure was beginning to build up quite a bit now, but I figured that I should be just fine.

I sat on my desk and watched the presentations go on and on. Some were clever ideas about preparing the budget for a business, and others were more practical like the one about family budgets that my friend did. The teacher was quite easy on the grading today; he seemed to be in a good mood.

Then it was my turn to present, and I could clearly feel my predicament now. I kept my professional stance and did what I was supposed to: I presented my business model for maintaining a webhosting business. By giving clients options and a wide selection of solutions, the company could make more money from their services. By charing less for low-maintenance operating systems, less money would be spent on technical support. I went on, and I quickly forgot the pressure in my bladder. I had fun, and I recieved high marks for my completed assignment.

###

The next two classes were simple. Since we didn't have much to do, my mind drifted away more often and I noticed that my bladder was building up fast. The pressure was now clear, and it was quite uncomfortable. "Oh dear," I thought. "Maybe I shouldn't have had so much water last night," I worried. Only 15 minutes were left until class ended, but I could only wonder if I could make it through my other English class.

I decided to stand firm and go through with what I had planned. You see, when class is dismissed, I go to another school afterwards for an extra English class. I had recieved mediocre grades during one semester, so this class was so that I could replace that grade with a better one.

I am a no-nonesense woman, so I wasn't about to let a little pressure stir second thoughts in my mind if I should skip class or not.

By now, I had the following:

16 oz of water last night.

12 oz coffee in the morning

16 oz water bottle

20 oz soda during lunch

Looking back, that is quite a lot. I was fidgeting quite a bit in my chair now, but I tried to not move so much so that others wouldn't notice. I just rested my heel under my bottom and kept the other one on the floor. That worked fine for me. I continued to scribble away at my essay.

This is a self-paced class, meaning that there is a teacher in the back of the room who gives you assignments, and you complete them on your own. I could also leave at any time that I wanted, so if things got bad, I could just grab my things and leave.

My heart was beating quite fast and I could hear myself breathing hard. I had to pee, and I was approaching my limits. It was around 4:30 and I was unable to focus on my work anymore. Despite not moving from side to side, my muscles were becoming tired and I felt as if I was about to lose the struggle. "Why, why did I let it build up to this point?" I thought. I should have left sooner. I would be lucky if I could even make it out of the door without making my desperation noticeable to others.

As much as I tried to hide it, losing it here was something I did not want to risk. I stayed like that in my chair for a few minutes, anxious. I was unable to get up and leave, I was unable to keep focusing.

And then, it suddenly happened,

I lost control for a split second and a stream of urine lightly soaked the gusset of my lace thong.

I instinctively clenched my thighs together, and when the wave of desperation passed, I quickly gathered my things, saved my work in my folder, and bid the teacher good night. I was beginning to leak, and I decided that it was time to go home.

I walked quickly, since I was worried that I might start peeing any moment. My house was near, so I made haste. I stopped thinking about having to reach a toilet soon and started thinking about just getting home without having an accident.

I felt a few more drops escape every now and then, but I didn't stop. I was afraid that if I did, I might lose control completely. I was bursting and I was already beginning to see the result of my actions.

And then, it seems like my body calmed itself enough that I was able to make it in home without having any more trouble.

###

I instatly kicked off my shoes when I got inside, which were just a little wet. I removed my jacket and threw it on my bed, and looked for a tray that my dad keeps around. It was on a high shelf, but as I reached towards it, I suddenly felt a torrent run through my legs.

I suddenly cried out and put a hand under my skirt, ramming it against my poor bladder... I crossed my legs tightly and tried again... The small yellow puddle on the tile floor was just a few inches in diameter, and I figured that I would clean it up later. I ran another hand up the back of my skirt and found that the gusset was just a little wet.

I got the tray and ran to the bathroom. I stepped inside it and my body instantly released its bladder. There was nothing I could do, the tile was too cold when I stepped on it that I just couldn't hold it in anymore.

Torrent after torrent of golden urine streamed from between my legs, caressing my thighs, my bottom, and my feet with it's warmth. I was too weak and I couldn't control myself, I collapsed and fell to my knees. I dropped my head onto the floor while my rear end stuck upwards and I convulsed into an intense orgasm. A steady stream along with my fluids loudly gushed from my lady parts, and I could not stop. I continued to hiss and moan loudly as my skirt darkened more and more. My pantyhose was completely soaked. It was just too gratifying and I cried from the intense pain and pleasure. My body felt light, and I didn't care if I was splashing outside of the tray or not, I just wanted to indulge in this moment.

I laid like this for a good couple of minutes, until the final drop escaped from my body. The acrid smell of my own urine filled the bathroom and my entire body was shaking. My glasses fogged up and I finally gave a deep sigh of relief. Never in my life have I felt this way before. I continued to orgasm and I let myself drop. The rest of my skirt became wet from the large puddle I have just formed and I slowly began to regain control of myself.

The rest is not for your eyes, but I played around with myself for a good while after that! I felt great and I cleaned up afterwards. (including that first puddle ^_~) I placed my clothes in the wash and then took a quick shower.

I wish I could relive an experience like that <3

*007*2011-05-25 02:07

Thanks everyone!

Like I said, I am usually never alone at home, so having time like this is very precious to me.

{{:

Great story, would love to hear some more from you. ^^

I'm also curious about the details of the business model you proposed; if you happen to have time, I'd love to read a little more about that, particularly what you consider a `low-maintenance operating system', and what kind of solutions you had in mind.

}}

Remember that this was just an assignment for a class, and so this is just going by the ideal situation:

Of course, a "low-maintenance" OS is one that doesn't require much configuration to work properly, doesn't require optimization / software / hardware upgrades, is secure from hackers / viruses / security breaches, and does not slow down in preformance over time.

Such an ideal solution isn't available, since programming isn't perfect and there are always setbacks, no matter what solution you use and for what purpose.

But the operating system isn't the only factor in minimizing costs / maximizing profits on both the client's side and the company's side.

On the company's side, they want to maximize profit, and in order to do that, they have to provide a competitive service that won't put their earnings at risk. This can be done by using energy-saving systems, (to reduce energy costs) secure operating systems, (Win Serv. / Linux (Red Hat) / OS X Server / etc.) providing a user-friendly system, (To allow migration of data from a previous webhosting service / Allow the client to adapt to the new service faster and easily. Preinstalled web apps, etc.) and reliability. (Guaranteed uptime / Backing up of data, etc.)

On the consumer's side, they want to minimize costs. If the company works on lowering the requirements to run their business, they can offer a better price for their clients.

That's the general idea, but like I said, it's too idealistic to actually be used in a real-life situation. Things like incidental damages / costs weren't included, but that was good enough for my teacher. ^_~

*019*2011-06-01 02:12

Again, thanks everyone~!

Wow, I didn't expect this many people to enjoy it! Of course, I shall write again in the near future~

I think I'll write about my experience at the wedding next.

