A short but ever so embarrassing story about my swimsuit wetting at the beach today

Author: vikka

*000*2014-08-15 16:53

I've just come home from the beach, and I'm still overwhelmed with embarrassment! I'll make the story as short as I can.

I'd been lying on a big towel on the sand sunbathing, when I felt, that I was so hot, that I needed to throw myself in to the sea to cool off. When I started to walk, I felt an urgent need to pee. I looked around but couldn't see anyone in the neighborhood, why I thought: What the heck, my swimsuit is going to get wet anyway, why not take the opportunity to wet myself on the promenade down to the water! After only a few steps I began to pee. At first it was one drop after the other, which trickled through the swimsuit and down my legs. It felt very nice! So nice that I started to get feelings of arousement. The drops of pee came so slowly; it was like they were waiting a moment before they decided to leave my urethra. I could feel every single drop taking the leap between my labia. But soon they increased the pace, although they were still coming one by one. At that point I heard a voice from behind:

"Vikka! Hallo!"

I turned around and saw, that it was Matilda, a former classmate of mine. And she wasn't alone. There were an other of my former classmates and two girls I didn't know . They were coming from behind a dune, which had concealed them from beeing seen, when I looked around before. With blushing cheeks I got aware of, that my mimsy was still trickling. I tried to stop the drops to continue coming, but obviously my efforts had the opposite effect! I began to pee really forcefully through my panties! 

My pee splashed down to the sand and very soon I was standing in a pool of pee! I got so embarrassad, so ashamed, that I didn't know what to do. I reacted instintively, my reptile brain took command. I turned around and ran down towards the water. I was peeing all the way, and, when I hit the water, I was still peeing! I'd left a trail of pee in the sand, indicating the way, I'd been running. A trail for the girls to follow. I'd hardly stopped peeing, before they'd caught up with me. I was sobbing, but they comforted me. If they only knew how aroused I still was, haha!

*002*2014-08-15 17:24

I pretended that I got surprised and startled, when Matilda shouted, and that caused me to wet myself! They seemed convinced by my lying, but you never know...

*005*2014-08-26 14:57

@ Ashleycub: Hehe, it really was embarrassing! But you know, being embarrassed by getting caught wetting myself is also so arousing!!! That's one reason, why I love so much peeing my panties in public; running the risk of getting caught is so titillating, it makes me so horny!

@ Azula: Actually, I wasn't brave. It was a beach where many friends and other people, who could recognize me, use to visit, and that's why I was particularly careful to assure myself, that nobody could see me! I couldn't see anyone, when I looked around, and thought it was safe... Damned dune, that consealed them from me, haha!!

*010*2014-08-28 23:40

@GemmyRose: Aww! Thankyou!! But what feeling is it you don't know? Mostly I love being caught too! But being caught by former classmates, who don't know about my "wetting habits", can, at least at the moment, be kind of awkward. I mean, I don't want everyone to know, that I like to wet myself. And at first I got afraid of that they would think, that it was a deliberate wetting (which it of course was ), which was why I panicked. But when, I managed to convince them, that it was an accident, my panic disappeared. I was still embarrassed, but that's the spice, which makes wetting in public so extremely arousing to me!!

