At the seaside

Author: wetpantsdennis

*000*2012-05-28 16:25

As a child, I went on holiday to the south coast of England, every year for two weeks, plus the occasional day out to the coast.

During the two week holidays, we were with some children from a home in South London, ran by one of the big children's charities. Of course we spent most of the time on the beach, in and out of the sea. I made friends with two or three of the boys, and we had lots of fun, at that beach. I noticed that one boy would sometimes pee in his swimming shorts, it would dribble down his legs and he would giggle and snigger in a dirty way. Well one time we were playing on the beach, and I needed to pee.

I waited until i was quite desperate, then I said to the boy who had wet himself in front of me, that I needed to do a wee real bad.

He replied that I should go into the water, and do it there. He came with me into the sea, and I let a little spurt soak in to my swimming trunks. I noticed he was wetting as well. So then I relaxed, and the pee flooded my trunks, and soaked my legs. the other two boys wandered over to us as we wet ourselves, and one boy also wet his white cotton underpants that he was wearing.

But the other lad went a bit deeper in the water, and pulled his shorts down, and peed 'bare bum', with the waves slapping his bare bottom! So there were four of us all peeing at once! I didn't know where to look! I think the boy in those wet white briefs was the most memorable sight, though my other friends bare bottom was something to remember as well; he was a bit on the chubby side, and his bottom wasn't exactly small!

On other times at the beach, sometimes we would put our knees together, and crouch down, then pee ourselves so we has a lapful of warm pee! then the trick was to part your thighs slowly, letting the pee dribble slowly down your crotch, and if you were lucky, you could sometimes feel pee tickling your bottom! We were dirty boys and we loved it!

As an adult, it's not unknown for me to head for a deserted beach somewhere, and relive the old days and deliberately wet my white y-fronts or whatever underpants I am wearing at the time, before washing in the sea, and maybe let them slip off so I am nude! got caught by another young man doing that once, but that's another story for another time. See ya!

