Embarrassing Bedwetting

Author: GigaQ

*000*2014-08-25 05:18

Ok, i have to get this off my chest. today (8/24) i had my first, genuine bedwetting! but it wasn't in my own bed is the issue... the story is thus.

So Saturday night my buddies sister was having her bachelorette party. the girls had the house and us guys were shunned to the firepit in the backyard. well after everyone got drunk (including myself) we ending up combining parties anyway, lol. but after the long night, i was pretty lit, like... world spinning status. so i went to sleep in the guest room. i had myself a nice deep sleep, well too deep i guess. i haven't had a genuine bedwetting since i was 10 i believe and now i have my latest bedwetting today >^.^< 

So i woke up around 10AM, and noticed something very very wrong... i was wet. i sat up thinking i spilled my glass of water that i keep next to me at night. nope, it was full... i pull off my blanket to reveal the damage. i had let EVERYTHING go, i was soaked from my knees all the way to my pillow. i couldn't believe it, i just couldn't...

I sat there for about 5 min or so just letting it sink into my mind. i think i knew when it happened, in my sleep i could feel the discomfort and the letting go. i think i can recall the "warmth" creep down my sides and flow down my back. i didn't know what to do. so i rolled over, directed the fan to my wet lake in the middle of my buddy's bed. and prayed it would evaporate before noon (the usual hang over get up time on sunday). so i fell back asleep away from the wet spot, woke up to find it had mostly evaporated. 

There wasn't much i could do to hide it so i bundled up the sheets and threw them in my friends washing machine. he and his wife both thought it was strange that i was doing laundry so randomly. but what made it worse is without the sheets the white mattress showed the bedwetting even clearer. so i put the fan on high, closed the guest room door. and waited for someone to see what i did... but lucky for me no one did...yet. i know my buddies wife will have to put the sheets on the bed and smell it. i just hope they forgive me lol. (so embarrassed)

*004*2014-08-25 19:21

{{ 

While I understand how that could be embarrassing, I think honesty is the best policy here... I think most people would be more upset to discover the stained mattress later than if they were told of it right away.

}}

Honesty is honestly the best answer. it's just the "context" of the friends i have, if they ask i will tell them straight up. but so far as of today no questions have been asked.

{{ 

Awe. :P Well, in fairness you're probably one of the most polite drunk bed-wetters I've heard of. Many of the stories I've come across involve the person either hiding the still wet mess, or being too drunk to do anything at all.

I say high five for the great storytelling, and thumbs up for doing the laundry! ^_^

}}

Lol thank you, it's the least i could do for the time i was given. i'm sure if they do suspect it they would be happy i did something about it instead of letting my accident ferment in their mattress. *high fives back*

