PissEliz and Penguinpeace - A Wet Weekend Day 1

Author: penguinpeace

*000*2014-12-29 00:15

This story recounts a three day adventure between PissEliz (Eliz on this site) and myself. Everything in this post is completely true, obviously.

So I am sure many of you know are familiar with PissEliz from Xtube - if not check her stuff out it is amazing (http://www.xtube.com/community/profile.php?user=PissEliz

)! About two years ago I messaged her and we started talking/getting to know each other, and eventually had our first Skype date with some wetting involved :) I was really pleased with both her fun personality and her very good looks

I must say I felt pretty honored because she had earned a lot of acclaim from the wetting lovers community yet was taking quite a shine to me. We made a few videos for each other and continued to talk pretty frequently over the next couple of years, wetting together on Skype when we had the time. It was always tough because I was on Pacific time while she was on Central European which is a 9 hour difference but overall we made it work.

In July, I left for Europe to travel for two months and then attend school for the rest of the year in Germany. At the age of 22, the opportunity to cross the Atlantic and be in different parts of Europe is a fairly special and rare occasion, so naturally I had to make the most of it. At the end of my journey there, I took a one week trip stopping in two Austrian cities before coming to her home town (which I am not including in this story) where I would spend Thursday-Sunday morning with her.

This was a double first experience for me. For one, I had never had an in person meet up with someone I met online. Even better, I had never gotten to experience wetting with someone else who shares my fetish. My ex had wet for me many times in the past, but did not share my fetish so naturally did not care if I wet and did not usually enjoy it while she was wetting for me. NEEDLESS TO SAY I was both excited and nervous.

She met me outside of my hotel wearing a cute long sleeve black shirt with a rose stitched onto the front, black boots, and maroon colored jeans. With her long, wavy brown hair and deep brown eyes she looked gorgeous. We went up to my room and started to chat and guzzle down some of the water and wine I had purchased for us earlier. It was nice how easy the transition from an online to in person relationship was for us, I had no idea what to expect originally.

One of the small issues I have always had with this pretty girl is that she can't drink water too fast (although she has a huge bladder) and I ALWAYS drink water quickly and in large amounts. By the time we headed out to the Christmas Market outside for dinner, I was well ahead of her in desperation, and was getting to a pretty critical level. We grabbed some food and I told her that I had to start making it back to the room, because my situation was getting intense. I was wearing deep blue boxers and washed out grey jeans, and was having to use my hand to clamp down on my dick just to stop the pee from coming out. She was LOVING this, needless to say and could not stop telling me how sexy it was to see me like this, which of course made me want to hold it even longer.

Bursting into the lobby and trying to maintain my composure in front of the nice reception ladies, we hustle into the elevator and I immediately have to double cross my legs with a full force clamp on my package. I could feel the pee right at the tip of my penis, my bladder in blissful agony begging me to let the hot piss into my jeans in front of this delicious girl. We get out on the third floor and are halfway to the room when I have to stop again. This time my efforts are not enough to keep myself completely dry, and a big spurt of piss fired down my left leg. She was very excited to get back into the room ;)

Once inside, I tossed her down onto the bed we had deemed the 'pee bed' (they gave me two for the weekend, how thoughtful of them :) ) and began to slowly piss into my grey jeans. Using my hands I made sure all the pee fell off my jeans, giving her quite an amazing show. Stripping her clothes off, I stopped the flow and climbed onto her with my soaking boxers still on. Playing with me as I let more go, I emptied to about 1/4 left through my boxers all over her beautiful breasts and flat stomach. For the rest, I let my little friend out of his hiding to empty all over her and the bed.

Then of course, it was my turn! Unfortunately she had to go home that evening and did not have another pair of pants, so soaking her red jeans was out of the question (Although hopefully she will let me see her wet them one day <3). But by this point, I was not feeling very picky and she really had to pee. While I was letting it all out on her I could see her holding herself in total desperation and pleasure, so I decided to be nice and let her just piss all over me like I had done to her. I was very turned on and don't remember whether she started in her panties or just let it go completely naked, but either way it was incredible. Her bladder was so huge and everything inside of it was for me. I really let myself enjoy the experience, using her amazing liquid as lubrication - if you get what I'm saying here..

After we were both nice and satisfied, we ate some snacks and talked for a while longer before it was time for her to head home. I walked her down to the entrance of the hotel and with a kiss and a devilish wink wished her a good night and told her I would see her tomorrow.

I did indeed see her the next day and the day after that, and the two days following this one were absolutely ridiculous with wetting adventures. Let me know how you like part one, I will include a few pictures in part 2 and 3 :)

