Potty Peeing

Author: Charlie Kirby

*000*2014-05-31 16:56

I've only got ten minutes, so this isn't going to be long. I'd though I'd update you on a new habit of mine. For those of you who don't know, I'm somewhat of a history freak, and subsequently visit the charity shop in town quite often. I do get some funny looks, but the cheap clothes mean I'm not the only student regular. A month or so ago I was in there and discovered an item I've always wanted to own. It was a chamber pot, a Victorian furniture which is basically a porcelain pot, about the size of a saucepan which you used to keep under your bed so you didn't have to visit the outside loo at night. It is, to all extent and purposes, a grow up potty.

I couldn't believe my luck, I has to have it. So I bought it there and then and slipped it in my rucksack to cycle home. I couldn't wait to get home and use it, I already had the tingling of pee in me. I peddled fast down the little lane, nothing more than a bumpy bridal path which headed through a field back to the place I'd rented a room. About half way through this particular field, a little dirt track split off the bridal path and lead to a large oak tree. Often I'd sat there for a rest, it was lovely to watch the clouds move through the sky. And right now I really wanted to try out my chamber pot, so I took my bike and lent it again the tree. A quick check of the path revealed no one in sight, so I slipped the pot out of my rucksack and dropped my jeans, leaving my panties in place. 

Then, with the cool breeze drifting through the cotton underwear, I took a squatting position over the pot. A tingle of excitement rushed through me as my panties filled with warm, wet pee. A hiss greeted me as the stream broke through then, music to my ears, a tinkling in the pot. All the wee I could muster splashed into that pot, the yellow fluid a stark contrast to the white china. It was so very exciting to see. Eventually, when all was done, I slipped off the panties and rung them out, and with much delight poured the warm pee into the grass.

The rest of the ride home that day was a commando venture. And now, when I feel a little naughty I take a pee pee squatting over the pot.

