One Laugh Too Many

Author: Himichu

*000*2012-01-27 06:04

I'm one of those people who laughs so hard that she pees her pants. I'm not the only person I know of who has this problem, but I always feel so embarrassed.

Last summer, when I was twenty, my mom, her friend and I were downstairs talking. My mom was teasing me about my plans to live overseas and teach English as a Foreign Language. She put on her best stereotypical Old Asian Lady accent and we began laughing. She said, "Hooooo, wen yoo mova tooo Japahn yooo wirr get marrie to japahness boi an juu an hii wirr bee berry happii. Den yoo blinga mee obaa an aye be rittrr or radee in yooo housa."

As she continued, our faces and abdomens started hurting from the laughter. I could feel the waves of pressure in my bladder as I laughed. I thought that I would be able to hold it, because she would surely run out of steam soon.

Her friend spoke up first. "You gotta stop," she choked out before her words were replaced by more laughter. She composed herself enough to explain, "Or I'm going to pee my pants." She sat on the bottom steps trying as hard as she could to stop laughing.

My mom continued to joke around, "Hooooo, datta wood notta beeee gooood. Den wee'd haffa kreen up arr da pee."

We continued to suffer between bouts of side splitting laughter. I was afraid that I might be the one to pee my pants if she didn't stop soon. By this time, I was sitting on the carpet with my legs folded underneath me simultaneously trying to catch my breath and keep my bladder under control.

We were both begging her to stop, but to no avail. The voice she was doing and the faces she was making were just too much.

She had just said something particularly funny that made me laugh so hard that my bladder gave way. I jumped up and ran to the bathroom as fast as I could. Luckily, it wasn't very far. On the way, my panties and pajama shirts became wet. I also felt urine sprinkling down my legs. I was worried that it had gotten on the carpet as well. I pulled down my panties and shorts and finished in the toilet. I was really embarrassed. My eyes teared up and I began to sniffle. I felt so bad about what happened.

My mom said that it was all right and that she was sorry. As she and I rinsed out my panties and shorts, her friend teased her saying, "We told you to stop, but you didn't listen to us."

A little while later, I felt better. I was also glad to find out that the carpet wasn't even wet.

I hope you liked my story.

(Also, I apologize to anyone who was offended by my mother's antics.)

*002*2012-01-29 00:50

Aww, thank you. I felt bad when it happened, but I got over it fairly quickly. I'm glad that you liked my writing!

