Wet Myself While Running

Author: scretpeepants

*000*2013-10-14 09:49

This is something that happened to me a while back. I think it was around a year ago, but it was around my birthday and something I enjoyed doing a lot!

So during that time, I decided that maybe I could go out for a run, since I do that every so often. It was in the evening so it wasn't too hot nor too cold and I enjoy taking walks or running and such in this type weather. So I went out by myself to take an evening stroll. I was wearing Batman boxers with dark, navy blue basketball shorts, and a black t-shirt (my usual walking/jogging/running/workout clothes minus the underwear mind you). :P I made sure to drink about 4 glasses of water beforehand and made sure I was at least a little desperate before going out.

Since it was getting dark and not that many people were around me, I decided that evening would really be the perfect night to wet myself completely! After a few minutes of running, I was getting to the point of desperation where I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. The strain on my bladder was becoming worse! I made extra sure that no one was around, especially someone I might know. I live in a small town where it is almost impossible not to run into someone you know, but I digress. I eventually found a nice spot behind a tree.

Once I got comfortable enough in the situation, I spread my legs apart, leaned my head back, relaxed, and let the wetness flow. It started off really slow. It was really warm. I let a relieving sigh out as I looked down and saw the wet patch grow and grow as my pee stream got faster and harder. I peed for about 1 1/2 minutes. The feeling of warmness running down my legs was so amazing. If I could see the puddle I left, I'm sure it was probably huge! Especially since my shorts were soaked!

After I jogged for a little while longer in my wet shorts I decided it might be time to get back home. So, ended this little story as I got in my car (shorts now basically dry) and left.

This was definitely one of my most favorite wettings that I've ever done. :) I really hope you guys enjoyed reading it!

*002*2013-10-17 10:08

You're welcome! Thank you for reading it~ That's interesting to hear! It's completely understandable though. :)

