VIKKA, THE NEW CLASSMATE

Author: vikka

*000*2014-03-16 01:44

Hi,

I've been reflecting on a new way of telling my wetting experiences. Instead of writing in first person I'll tell them in third person. In that way I'm able to be in the mind of all characters in the story, not only in my own. This allows me to give the reader information that the main character (I, Vikka) may not know, but which could (maybe) make the story more interesting. It will enable me to depict not only my (Vikka's) own thoughts and feelings, but also the other characters' as I imagine them (or have been told them).

There is particularly one reason for choosing this way of writing. It's a bit embarrassing to tell you, but the reason is, that it enables me to relate the other characters' opinions of me (and, of course, other persons, that appear in the story), and also their views of the course of events. When I write about me in first person, I can't, for example, tell how absolutely cute, witty and charming other persons in the story think I am, hehe!

Now to my first attempt to write about my own experiences in third person.

###

VIKKA, THE NEW CLASSMATE

She slammed the door, when she entered the teachers' staff room. English teacher Kerstin Wall was frustrated. Her cheeks were aflame. Her eyes were aglow. She flopped down into an armchair.

"That new girl, Victoria Dubois, she's totally shameless!" Miss Wall was so upset, she almost choked up. She took a deep breath and continued. "I caught sight of her during the last break. She was talking to another girl and she looked very stressed, nervously stepping on the spot. Now and then she crossed her legs. Suddenly she spread her legs and pulled up her skirt. She was wetting her panties! I was standing only maybe five meters from her but that didn't seem to bother her. She went on peeing and she really must have been desperate. Before she was finished, the bell rang. 

The other girl started to go to her class room, while Victoria waited until the last drops. Then she let down her skirt and was just on her way to go back to her class room, when I stopped her. I told her to go to the school nurse's office and tell her what had happened so that she could get washed and also borrow a clean pair of panties. Also I thought it would be important, that the nurse became aware of Victoria's incontinence problem."

At this point a senior colleague interrupted her:

"Miss Wall! Why on earth do you tell us all this? You've been at this school for fifteen years now; is this the first time you've come across a student having a wetting accident? I don't think so. It happens now and then. Girls get excited, they forget to go to the toilet in time; they accidently wet their panties! What's the big deal?"

"The big deal was her attitude! She looked at me as if I was joking. She said that she would miss an important math test, if she had to see the nurse, and that her wet panties wouldn't bother her at all. On the contrary; she quite enjoyed the feeling! And she added, that never, never she would wear the ugly panties, the nurse would provide her. Impertinent girl!"

"Well", the senior colleague said, "maybe she should have expressed herself in a more respectful manner, but obviously she was under the stress of trying to be in time for the math test and therefor didn't find the proper words. But I find her eagerness to not miss the test is worthy of respect, and should excuse her lack of proper manner in this particular situation."

And all the other teachers - except miss Wall - agreed to her wise summing-up of the case. Although the young gym teacher, miss Git Anderson, had some thoughts of her own about Victoria. But they were not thoughts, that she had any intention to share with the other teachers.

After the math test Vikka had no more lessons for the day. When she left school, she was very content; she knew, that she had done well on the test. But she was a bit worried about what miss Wall might make of her wetting accident earlier. She'd seemed very angry, and even threatened to report her to the headmaster. Well, Vikka thought, an accident was an accident, and surely she couldn't be punished for it. She pondered a bit more over miss Wall. She couldn't be more than something about thirty years old, probably even younger. but yet she behaved like a narrow-minded, middle aged woman. But if one looked closer, she was actually really good-looking with a fine figure.

"Hi!" It was Lena, who came up side by side with her. She was the same girl, who was talking to Vikka, when she had her wetting accident before the math test. "Have your panties dried yet?" She giggled. Since Vikka had come to the school a month ago and begun in her class, they very quickly had become close friends. "I saw, that miss Wall caught you. What rotten luck! What did she say?"

Vikka told her.

"Well, never mind miss Wall", said Lena. "I've more important stuff to talk about! As you prolly are totally unaware of, my fifteenth birthday is coming up, and next Sunday you're hereby solemnly invited to celebrate that illustrious event!"

"Hurrah! My dear young friend, finally you too have reached the estimable age of fifteen years! Do you realize, that from next Sunday we're of legal age to sleep together? No more fear of the Police bashing in, when we're fucking each other!"

Vikka hugged Lena and gave her a kiss on her mouth. Lena returned the kiss, this time involving her tongue. Vikka liked it, and so her tongue began to whirl around Lena's. Lena got excited and pressed her left thigh in between Vikka's. Feeling the thigh touching her crotch Vikka started to rub her pussy against it. But suddenly they both came to their senses. They parted quickly.

"Not the right place", said Vikka.

"Not the right time", said Lena. "I've to hurry home. Mom wants me to go with her to visit my grandma."

On her way home Lena was thinking of Vikka. What fantastic luck, that they'd become classmates! From the moment their form teacher had introduced the new girl, Victoria, to the class, Lena had become fascinated of her. She was tiny to be a fifteen year old girl, smaller than anyone else in the class. She was wearing a short, grey, pleated skirt, a pink t-shirt, pink Chuck Taylor hi converse shoes and white knee stockings. She had a slim, boyish figure and very small breasts. Her hair was brown, shortcut and ruffled. In all she didn't look the fifteen year old girl she was. More like twelve, thirteen...

The form teacher told them that Victoria was born in France, and had moved with her parents to Sweden about two years ago. She asked Vikka to tell her classmates a little about how it was like to go to school in France. She told them that she'd been at a Catholic school in Paris, and that the students had to wear school uniform and that the disciplin at a Catholic school was very strict. Vikka had no difficulties to speak Swedish but she had a French accent, which her new classmates found very cute. Vikka finished by telling her classmates to call her Vikka. She wasn't fond of the name Victoria, it sounded like a stiff, old spinster, she said, and her classmates laughed.

The first weeks Lena only looked at Vikka from a distance. She made her feel so strange. When she was near Vikka, her body got all hot and tingly. When she wasn't at school, Vikka was in her mind all the time. One day she thought, that it was like she was in love with Vikka! But, stop! It couldn't be. She couldn't be in love with an other girl! But once the thought had crossed her mind, she began to realize that there were no other explanation. Oh, speak about hopeless love, she sighed. How do you explain to an other girl, that you're in love with her? And what does it make her? Was she lesbian? All sorts of thoughts romped about in her head.

One day their gym teacher Miss Anderson announced, that for the next weeks, they were going to learn how to do dances, that were necessary for girls to know. Today they were going to learn tango. Miss Anderson picked one of the girls and showed them steps and how they should hold the partner. Then she told them to stand in to rows facing each other. On her command, the girls in one row was to step forward and ask a girl in the other row for the dance. Lena was startled. The girl opposite her was Vikka! With a pounding heart and trembling knees she took the few steps up to Vikka and said as Miss Anderson had taught them.

"May I have the pleasure of this dance?" Her voice was squeaky.

Miss Anderson put on the music, a fiery tango from Argentina. Tentatively Lena put her right hand on Vikka's back. At arms length she began to lead Vikka before her, trying desperately to remember the steps, Miss Anderson had taught them. She tripped and stumbled over both her own feet and Vikka's. Miss Anderson approached.

"No, no! Tango is a sensual dance, an erotic dance, in which the male dancer expresses his desire for the woman he loves! Tango calls for physical contact. Try again!"

Still shillyshallying, her whole body was trembling by the thought, that she was supposed to get close to Vikka. Feeling Lena's hesitation, Vikka took the whole charge of their united carrying out of the tango. At her Catholic school in France, social skills as different dances, including tango, had been very important, and, in comparison with general Swedish standard, she was an expert tango performer. She pulled Lena close to her body, and whispered in her ear:

"Now, take long sliding steps. Listen to the music and follow me. Let your leg slide in between mine!"

And Lena indulged in the dance and let the erotic tango tunes fill her body. By every step her right leg slided in between Vikka's legs. She felt her bare skin against hers (as it was a gym lesson, they'd changed into their gym dresses). She felt how Vikka slightly lowered her body making her crotch to get in contact with Lena's thigh. In time with the inciting music, Vikka rubbed herself against Lena's thigh. She couldn't help herself. It felt so good!

Lena felt the wetness from Vikka on her thigh. She heard how Vikka began to pant! It was a wonder! A miracle had happened! She'd made her beloved baby girl aroused!

Miss Anderson watched them closely. It was a miracle how well they now executed the dance. That little French girl had taken over and she obviously knew how to do the tango. But maybe she emphasized the erotic element of the dance way to much. It was on the way to pass the bounds of decorum. Reluctantly (she'd become quite aroused herself just watching them) she went up to them and stopped their dance. When the girls had separated, Miss Anderson detected rather big, wet patches on the crotches of their gym dresses. It was time to end the lesson, so she told them to go and have a shower and change clothes. Next time, she thought, she would choose a less erotic dance, maybe polka... She also thought - the naughty teacher - that she wouldn't mind a private tango session with Victoria. But - she sighed - she knew her role as a teacher. But it wasn't forbidden to have fantasies...

In the changing room Lena and Vikka chattered with each other as if they've been friends for years. When they went into the shower room, Vikka whispered:

"Let's share the same shower!" She giggled.

In the shower Vikka felt that she needed to pee. She used to pee in the shower, but now Lena was there too. But she really needed to pee. So she asked Lena:

"Have you ever peed in the shower?"

"Umm... I...", she faltered, "m... maybe. It has happened."

Vikka giggled. "I do it often! I need to pee now! Badly! Can I?"

"I too do it often! Can we do it together?" Lena couldn't believe, that she just said that.

"OK! Oops, I've already started!"

Lena saw a thick stream of pee coming from Vikka's pussy! In the next second she also started to pee! She parted her legs so that Vikka could have a good view. Then she saw how Vikka put a finger on her clitoris, and began to rub it with circular movements. She couldn't believe her eyes! Her new friend was masturbating in front of her! And instinctively her own hand had moved down to her own pussy. The two girls came closer and closer to their orgasms, while pee still was running out from their pussies. Lena gave away a scream, but Vikka quickly put a hand over her mouth. They were absolutely exhausted and Lena sat down on the floor. But Vikka drag her up again.

"We've to hurry! Or we'll be late for next lesson, and you know what Miss Wall would say if that happens!"

Lena and Vikka became very close friends, and there is a lot more to tell about their adventures!

*002*2014-03-16 02:43

Thankyou biggest sis for a wonderful comment! <3 you soo much! I'm so happy you like the third person narration! I've been thinking for a long time to try to write about my own experiences in third person, but wasn't sure how it would work. But then I thought it would give so much more possibilities in handling both with the other characters and myself. So I gave it a go... And now you've given me courage to continue! I truly love you!!!!

*005*2014-03-16 18:13

@ Indigo and frostyjr2: Our dance was performed just as I described it. I danced the woman's steps and Lena the man's. But as I knew how to dance tango and Lena didn't, I kind of showed her by my moves how to lead, maybe you could say I was a latent leader. But very soon Lena got the hang of how to do the tango (hehe!) and we were cooperating very nicely. You should know that it of course was a "beginner" tango with only basic steps. And as our bodies were close (hehe, very close indeed) she (as the supposed leader) slided her right leg steps in between my thighs. Of course, if you dance with space between your bodies, there are more variations you could practice. A very erotic variation is, when the leader is close behind the follower. Especially if it is a heterosexual couple, a stiff cock could create a certain sexual tension between the two. At least I imagine so...

To show how the man's right leg slides in between the woman's legs, click ---> http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=P4tdbZZdhzM

It's a short clip that shows how to tango for beginners.

And btw. I'm so happy that you've read my story so thoroughly, that you've noticed even small details!! Thankyou for the interest!!!

*007*2014-03-17 17:55

Oh, thanks a lot, Oscar ! It feels so good to be appreciated for my stories! Now and then I feel so insecure about my English. I know I'm good writing in Swedish, but English is after all a foreign language for me, but I write a lot in English, and hoping I'm approving... Anyhow, Oscar, I'll keep them coming (in this case I'm referring to stories, not to girls...)

