First time on purpose for my bf

Author: Vickypee

*000*2011-09-26 13:59

I had posted this in another thread but maybe nobody saw it because it was hidden in there so for funsies im making a new thread for it B)

This was last week, btw

Ok, so new update. it took a while before we were alone long enough for me to pee my pants for him on purpose, but today was finally the day! we both skipped a class this morning and went to my place before lunch, both excited and a little nervous and a lot aroused lol

We made out for a while and then i had him sit on my bed while i put a big towel on the floor underneath me in front of him. then i stood in front of him. he had asked me to wear tight jeans btw. so i stood there and at first it was actually hard to let go i guess was more nervous about it than i thought! a little bit finally came out and made a wet spot on my crotch and i showed him and he liked it. i pushed some more and finally was able to let go and totally pee myself and soak my jeans. Joe could hardly stand it. he unzipped his shorts and was stroking himself while i stood there and finished peeing. then he got up, grabbed me, pulled my wet jeans to my ankles but left my wet panties on, bent me over the end of the bed, pulled my panties to the side, and um did me from behind :o only he didnt last very long before he cummed because he was so excited lol

We stipped down the rest of the way, tossed my peed clothes in the wash, then took a shower together (round two! :wub: haha) so he could go back to classes after lunch

It was a lot of fun and so exciting after i was able to let go i cant wait to do it again with him :)

*006*2011-10-04 18:17

{{ 

I know what you are talking about. I have been living with this fetish in secret aswell, I dont think my bf would like it, never dared to ask. So I have to wet when he is gone hihi :)

}}

Have you ever even asked or tried it around him? i just staged a fake "accident" around mine the first time to see how he reacted. maybe you could do that? even if you only pee a little bit maybe you'l learn something and maybe he will like it! :)

