What Barabra told me: another time

Author: aqua

*000*2012-01-10 00:14

I wrote about Barbara last here:

Here another time she told me about when I was in college and she in her last year of high school. She had taken the (US) SAT exams for university entrance. They typically last thee hours with one break. She took them in a large school auditorium, but she didn't know anyone there (which for her was good, it turned out). A while before the break she really had to pee, out of anxiety and because she hadn't realized she had more to drink than she should have before the exam. Unlike the time when she totally soaked her panties and dress on the bus (as I wrote about), this time she began with small spurts and dribbles which she said started about 10 minutes before the break.

She wore a dark blue skirt and dark blue tights/pantihose. She was even more nervous when she felt the first few drop soak her panties (yes I asked: white cotton bikinis, 'like I usually wear', she said). Every few minutes she said she'd pee more, until she could feel her butt quite wet. She tried to focus on the exam, which she said she did pretty well, but by the time the break came in spite of her more than several dribbles and spurts, she was afraid that when she got up she'd lose it and just begin wetting in front of all the other students.

Somehow she managed to avoid that and stood up, feeling her backside with one hand and realizing that her skirt was quite wet. She wasn't positive but was pretty sure it wasn't too visible as it was a very dark blue. ("Thanks god I wore that...imagine how I'd have felt if you could see the wetness?') She walked quickly to the girl's toilet, but there was, as usual, a rapidly growing line out the door. She stood in the line, her legs crossed and somewhat bent over, and realized she'd never make it. The boy's toilet was next door with no one in line, but guys coming and going and almost without thinking after she felt another, pretty large spurt shoot through her panties, pantyhose and on her legs, she just ran into the boy's room.

Lots of boys looked at her and she said something like, 'Sorry guys, this is an emergency, I'm peeing myself', which was true, even if it was in spurts. Lucky for her a stall was open and she dashed in, another spurt running down her legs. She said she pulled down her now pretty wet pantyhose and soaking panties and landed on the toilet peeing, her skirt around her waist. She could over hear a few boys laughing and saying something about a girl peeing her panties in the stall. She was embarrassed but so relieved it didn't matter. She dried her panties and pantyhose as best she could and pulled them up, adjusting her wet in the back skirt and got out of the boy's room as fast as she could, not bothering to wash her hands. She got a few whistles as she left, and went back to her seat to finish the exam. By the way, she ended up doing very well on the exam, a bright girl she.

As far as I know there was only one other time she wet herself, her first year of college when she was home for a visit, but of that another time.....

