Leaving class soaking wet

Author: themerger

*000*2012-12-26 20:16

First, I have never wet myself in school but here is a true account of one girl, a friend I've since lost contact with, who had a full-blown accident in school.

Our teacher (who I will call Mrs. Riles for anonymity but also narrative purposes) was extremely strict and at times very partronizing. We actually used to say "Mrs. [Riles] never smiles" since she was so bitter. Thus she set a matriarchal precedence for the class which made it very uncomfortable to ask her questions.

A friend of mine (who I will call Laura) was a sweetheart; meek, underspoken and intelligent. In the afternoon, during last period history, the class was getting anxious to leave and naturally chatty and inattentive. Of course Mrs. Riles grew increasingly frustrated as she had to interrupt herself multiple times to reprimand students.

Sitting diagonally behind Laura, I saw her bouncing her knee fervently. Laura was always a little anxious so I didn't consider it odd at the time. I saw her whisper something to our friend Melanie with a look of frustration on her face and not being attuned with my love for omorashi at this point, I thought nothing of it. With about 20 minutes left in class, Laura raised her hand and started to ask: "Mrs. Riles?" but was tersely told to put her hand down and to save any questions for after class. A few minutes later, one of the "class clowns" Logan who had been interrupting Mrs. Riles with frivolous questions shot his hand up and asked if he could use the bathroom. Now Mrs. Riles impatiently declared: "NO. No one is leaving until I get through this! Am I clear?" Everyone mumbled yes and nodded as I saw Laura's hands move to her lap. She must've been holding her crotch as she continued bouncing her leg.

She whispered something else to Melanie now looking like she was clearly upset. I was going to tap her shoulder and ask her what was up but for fear of being scolded by Mrs. Riles I kept my mouth shut. After about 10 minutes, I saw Laura had stopped bouncing her leg and relaxed her shoulders. Suddenly the kid sitting in front of me started snickering loudly and saw Laura's shoulders shaking as if she were laughing or crying. The girl to her left did a double take and had a confused look on her face as she looked at Laura's chair. It took me a few moments to realize what was happening but Laura was soaking her chair with pee! I could see the streams intensify and actually heard her pee splashing under her chair, adding to a newly formed puddle under her. Since her legs were positioned under her chair, the streams began soaking the back of her calves of her brown pants.

This disquieted the class immediately and the radius of students around Laura began talking and laughing. Before Mrs. Riles could begin reprimanding, Laura stood up and with a labored sigh and walked quickly out of class, the seat of her pants sopping wet with pee-streaked legs. Mrs. Riles was dumbfounded and walked over to where Laura was sitting to assess the damage as were a few other students. I could clearly see a puddle in the chair with pee still dripping lightly on the floor. Melanie spoke on her behalf saying that she needed to pee but was too afraid to ask. Mrs. Riles tried to calm everyone down and asked Melanie to go find her. Melanie told me later she found Laura in the bathroom trying to dry her pants with the hand dryer.

Laura didn't come to class the next day which was buzzing with stories of Laura's accident. I did everything I could to defend Laura but to little avail. The next time Laura was in class, some students snickered and didn't look at her but Melanie, her friends and myself all consoled her as best as we could, assuring her that it's totally common and natural, especially with crazy teachers like Mrs. Riles! I too had to hide my own shame at the time...being completely turned on by my friend's embarrassment!

Cheers

