Told someone... and he`s now my boyfriend

Author: Haruko

*000*2013-07-26 07:34

Since other people are posting their stories about telling their significant others, I might as well join. My latest blog post also features this topic, but I figure I should do a proper story about it. I think this is a unique scenario since, unlike other people who have told their significant others, my boyfriend knew before he was my boyfriend.

Back in February, I was in one of my Omorashi moods, where I end up online trying to get my fix for hours at a time, whether that be reading fanfiction, real life stories, or watching videos. I started doing some drawings and, I'm not sure how it happened or why I did this, but I dropped hints to my best friend (guy) at the time. Eventually it ended with him being very curious as to what I was doing and I ended up showing him (partially embarrassed and humiliated) some of the drawings I was doing. I ended up telling him practically everything, and to my surprise, he was okay with it. He's not into it or anything, but he didn't say it was weird or try to avoid the subject or anything.

Anyway, skip ahead a few months. The second week of April, school was ending and I'd be starting finals soon. Over the past few months, I'd be struggling with a crush I'd seemed to have developed on this best friend of mine. By this time, I just couldn't take it anymore, I HAD to say something. So I sent him a message (we're long distance friends) and told him how I feel and that I was unsure because I didn't want to ruin the friendship. That night, he read a confession to me over Skype he'd spent some time typing up. It turns out he was going to confess to me the next day.

Anyhow... the rest is history, we're boyfriend and girlfriend now. I should also mention that even though he's not into Omorashi, he has done some things for me during the time we've been an item (such as holding and wetting) by his own will even though I've told him he doesn't have to and shouldn't unless he wants to. He told me he wants to because it pleasures me and he likes it when I'm happy. I never thought I'd get so lucky outside of dating someone who actually shares this interest with me, so I feel very lucky to have him (and actually, regardless, I feel lucky anyway since he's the sweetest, most understanding guy I've ever met... EVER).

*004*2013-07-26 20:54

Thanks everyone! It really is nice when things like this work out. And when you consider my chances of this happening... wow.. it almost seems surreal o.0

I feel very lucky indeed to have found my man.

