Trixie`s Tiny Bladder Accounts (Expect updates) - Page 2

Author: freepostage

*026*2013-09-07 21:10

{{:

If she doesn't mind , I say it's a great idea, especially if you include some desperations shots with the accident.

}}

I could ask her, we're pretty close. I don't know how much she knows about my fetish but when she was 18 she used to fetish model (mostly foot and tickle things, I was friends with a producer, long story) so I don't think she'd mind. I wouldn't put her face in anything. Maybe she'll do it for exchange for pregnancy/baby shots with a kickass photographer I know and have already hired for her (it's good to know people in high places.)

I just don't want to make her uncomfortable or be pushy.

{{:

Love your stories about Trixie. So glad you decided to revive the thread!

}}

No problem! I have more about her, mostly desperation or barely making it type experiences, I've just been very busy lately and forgetful. I'll try to write here more. Thanks for reading!

*029*2013-10-16 23:50

I seem to be ignoring all of my threads lately so I will try to keep them alive. Trixie is almost four months pregnant now and she has a belly that protrudes a little bit but she's still rather small for how far along she is.

I saw her recently so I have two stories for you; one witnessed and one she told me about. I will tell the first one now since I'm pressed for time; it's a short one!

Trixie is pumpkin obsessed and once autumn rolls around she has pumpkin everything; pumpkin spice lattes, pumpkin donuts, pumpkin pie, pumpkins all over her house, etc. She is also very into Halloween so every year she decorates her house for trick-or-treaters. Her husband is away on business so my husband and I went over to help her put up some decorations since I could use some company (recent death in my family, blah) and I didn't want her standing on a ladder to put up decorations. 

She's a clumsy little thing and I was terrified of her falling down and causing damage to herself/her baby trying to wrap fake spider web around her porch lights so we went over to help. Trixie and I mostly goofed off while my husband put up the decorations (c'mon, he's 6'5!) and carved a few pumpkins to put around the house. We decided we didn't have enough pumpkins, especially since we wanted to bake the seeds, so Trixie and I drove to a pumpkin patch nearby. It actually just started getting cool out so she had on a burgundy baby doll dress, grey leggings, black flats, a grey sweater and a black knit hat with a black scarf. The colors sound a little mis-matched but she was able to pull it off, classic Trixie style. Her skin was a little broken out from the pregnancy so she had on some face makeup, blush, and light pink lips but no eye makeup. She had chopped her light brown, slightly coppery hair to be a little above shoulder length and had it pulled back in mini pigtails.

I don't know Trixie's area very well so I managed to get us completely lost on the way to the pumpkin patch. Of course my iPhone couldn't pick up a signal since we were driving around in the middle of nowhere so GPS satellites were no help to us. About twenty minutes of aimless driving into our trip Trixie announced that she "suddenly needed to pee." I laughed at her and told her she was welcome to pop a squat next to the car since we weren't really near civilization but she assured me that she could wait until we got to the pumpkin patch. I was actually surprised at this answer and questioned her since she usually tries to be as careful as possible with her bladder's needs. She explained that the last time she went to the doctor she completely soaked herself when going in for an ultrasound (I will elaborate in my next story) and her doctor suggested she try kegel exercises to strengthen her muscles.

Of course Trixie already did these exercises (I think most women must, I do them all the time when I'm bored at work) but her doctor suggested she take it a step further and while she shouldn't push it to the limit of causing infection or having an accident, she should try to wait out sudden urges until they pass. I don't really remember the doctor's explanation for this and it honestly didn't make much sense for a pregnant woman to hold her pee in longer than necessary but I wasn't going to convince Trixie to pee on the side of the road if she didn't want to.

At this point she had her legs crossed tightly and was breathing heavily but not mentioning her bladder, which is also unlike Trixie. I assumed maybe she didn't need to pee as badly as she thought and continued driving in circles until I found a sign pointing toward the church where the pumpkin patch is located. We pulled into the parking lot and I was surprised how absolutely swamped this place was; the pumpkins seemed to be pretty picked through and Trixie was already pouting about missing out on the best ones. She seemed to have forgotten about needing to pee and got caught up in trying to find a good pumpkin, avoiding the screaming children running in between the rows of pumpkins. Bending down to get a better look at a pumpkin Trixie suddenly yelped and shoved both hands into her crotch, staying in a downward position. "Fuck, fuck, fuck" I heard her whisper, trying to regain control.

When she was able to stand back up after the heavy urge passed Trixie informed me that she had leaked and needed to find a bathroom NOW! Dancing on the spot, Trixie's swollen breasts bounced underneath her dress and she was puffing her cheeks in and out. A hand snuck down toward her crotch but noticing how public it was Trixie just crossed her legs tightly and bent forward, panting heavily. Not waiting for me to follow her, Trixie quickly bounded off toward the church to use their bathroom, her dress blowing up in the wind as she rushed off. I stayed behind to keep an eye on our pumpkins but watched her as she stopped at the entrance of the church to wait for a crowd of people to pass by the doorway. Extremely impatient, Trixie was back into her crossed leg position and dancing a bit. I couldn't tell if she had a hand in her crotch from my angle but it wouldn't have surprised me if was holding herself. Finally the crowd passed and Trixie disappeared into the church.

When she returned a few minutes later looking very relieved, she admitted that was a very close call. Although Trixie has had her share of accidents she would have been very embarrassed to completely wet herself around that many people. She had two major leaks on the way to the bathroom and said she was grateful that there wasn't a line for a stall. If there had been any more obstacles Trixie surely would have exploded all over the church bathroom's floor. On the way back to the house she had to pee again but this time decided to ignore the doctor's suggestion and just peed on the side of the road out in the open. I walked to her side of the car to hand her a tissue and saw her pale butt exposed as a stream of pee trickled out of her. There was only a small puddle on the ground but I'm sure pregnancy makes the urge far worse than it actually is. When we returned to the house she nearly knocked over my husband to get into the bathroom, busting for a pee again.

*030*2013-10-17 00:17

Alright, screw my responsibilities, I will share the story I mentioned in my last entry about Trixie wetting herself at an ultrasound appointment. I don't have as many details as I would like and wasn't trying to press too hard for specifics so this story might not be as exciting as we all hoped. Another shortie.

Trixie had an ultrasound at her doctor's appointment and because her Obgyn was a smaller practice they didn't have the newer equipment that allows for ultrasounds without a full bladder. The way Trixie described it to me this was absolute torture since she was instructed to drink 32 oz (946 mL) of water an hour prior to her ultrasound. For Trixie this was far too much liquid but she did as instructed; her doctor's office is about ten minutes from her place so she drank her water and had to wait at her house for about 45 minutes until she went to the doctor. 

About halfway through her wait at her house Trixie was "dancing like a lunatic" and "had to piss like a racehorse." She knew she couldn't wait until her appointment, especially if there would be a wait and someone pressing on her bladder so Trixie decided to pee at the house and drink extra water to make up for whatever she peed out. She didn't specify how much more she drank before leaving the house but did say when she left she had to pee so badly she had her hand in her crotch the entire drive.

When she finally arrived at the doctor's office she could barely keep herself composed and dashed into the office, telling the receptionist she was there for her appointment and needed to pee NOW. The receptionist insisted the doctor would be right with her so Trixie sat down but was seriously considering running to the bathroom, even though that would sabotage her ultrasound results. 

Wriggling around in her seat, Trixie had to put a jacket in her lap so she could hold herself and said "I was so convinced I was going to piss on their chairs." Her name was called and she was brought into the back hallway to have her weight and basic vitals taken. The nurse was very impatient with Trixie because she couldn't manage to stay still and at this point was begging for a bathroom break. The nurse assured her that she could hold it through her appointment and led her into the room and instructed her to take off her pants and underwear. Underneath the tissue paper that covered her bottom half Trixie was unbearably full and just as the tech walked in Trixie hopped up and tried to put her pants back on to run to the bathroom. She was shimmying into her jeans but it wasn't an easy task, especially with an overfilled bladder.

The motion of trying to "jump" into her jeans was too much for Trixie's bladder and the dam burst; she completely soaked her jeans that were stuck around her thighs as the tech stood there and watched. Trixie said she started to cry (mostly hormones) but the tech was very understanding and assured her that she wasn't the first pregnant woman to have an accident waiting for an ultrasound. The tech let her stay in the room until her bladder was full enough for the ultrasound so Trixie wouldn't have to sit in the waiting room in saturated jeans. After the ultrasound Trixie said she had to stop once on the way home to pee but was too embarrassed to walk inside of a shop with wet jeans so she pulled into a parking lot, peeled off her pants and peed into a thermos that was in the backseat.

*034*2013-11-22 23:06

Thank you everyone! I have had some personal things going on so I haven't been updating but when I have the time I certainly will!

