My partner almost didn't make it

Author: Panetto

*000*2015-12-04 19:32

It was a soggy afternoon, indeed. My kind of weather. The rain patted on the windows to my little toyota. My partner, glasses and his twin were going on an adventure with me, the first stop was the craft store. I was really excited since it was a while that we all hung out together, college was getting in the way of our weekly days out.

If you know me, I LOVE craft stores. They always smell good, cinnamon candles and pinecones. Everything is nicely lit and thumbing through sketchbooks is always fun, I could easily spend five hours in craft stores. But I’m beside the point. I was hand in hand with my partner as I chattered excitedly. He was quiet for the most part.

“You okay” I was generally concerned

“Yea, Yea” Glasses shrugged off

I went back to my excited banter. Looking at the art supplies, trying find get a new sketchbook.

“Can we hurry…N-Not that I’m rushing you!” He turned away blushing, “Take your time if you need to…”

“Is something wrong…?”

“No! I…I…just need to…” His voice trailed off, “I need to find a bathroom” He frantically looked around.

I frowned, “There isn’t one here, sweetheart…you’ll have to wait until we get to Walmart…”

“Shit…” He said under his breath and shifted his weight to one leg.

“We’ll get the Walmart soon, lemme just pay and we’ll be on our way! ~”

We got back to the car, and drove to the Walmart plaza, but before we went to Walmart I wanted to mess with Glasses a little bit. I meant no harm in this, I wanted for him to long for the toilet. I pulled into a parking spot, “Do you mind if we stop in 5 below? How about that, {Glasses brother’s name}?” Of course his brother excitedly wanted to.

Glasses groaned, rubbing his legs together. He held is pelvis and bent over. While walking up to the store, thoughts buzzed through my head. Oh my gosh, what if he did pee himself…I’d feel guilty don’t get me wrong, but the thought of seeing the crotch of his jeans grow with warm pee made my sex tingle excitedly. I curled my toes in my shoes. I would watch the yellow puddle pool under his feet as he held is front embarrassed. But one could dream. And his brother is with him, I wouldn’t want that.

I dawdled in the store for a while, I would occasionally poke his tummy just to see a reaction out of him which just further extended my arousal. We got back to my car, and finally were on our way to Walmart.

“Can you hold it?” I whispered to him.

“Barely” He said with a hint of desperation.

His brother was oblivious, “What’s wrong”

“I HAVE TO PEE!!!” Glasses whined

His brother, being a brother, laughed. We both ended up making whooshing sounds to screw with glasses. We finally got to Walmart and parked as close as I could,

Glasses shot out of the car, and booked it to the store. He did come back feeling that it was rude to go on ahead. I walked as slow as possible reveling this in, who knows what other opportunity I will get to enjoy this beautiful sight of a vulnerable glasses. The bouncing, the holding, my gosh I just wanted to take him right then and there and let him release himself in his pants.

Finally, to the bathroom.

Glasses wasted no time and threw open the door to the bathroom. I heard from in the bathroom, a faint

“Ahhhhh…” probably coming from Glasses. I took to my thoughts again, imagining his swelled bladder slowly deflating, expelling the built urine into the urinal. Full force like a fire hose.

Glasses came back as I stood silently, he whispered to me “THAT felt good.” He kissed my cheek and walked on ahead. I trailed behind as he didn’t know that the series of events lead me into an inescapable arousal I couldn’t explain. To this day the image of him desperate is burned into my memory…I wish to see it again.

