Cheerleading omorashi

Author: CamiLikesCupcakes

*000*2012-08-14 04:01

I'm entering my senior year of high school, and I'm cheerleading for the third time. I've been cheering since sophomore year, and it's been a ton of fun, but I've also witnessed and experienced a bit of desperation. Since I know quite a few guys who like the idea of cheerleaders, I've decided to share some of them.

The incident that gave me the idea to write about all of my cheerleading desperation happened tonight during a practice session. The cheer squad has been practicing for the past week at my high school, but school hasn't actually started yet, so the school and all of the rooms are locked. Including the bathrooms. Our coach unlocks the doors to the practice room, but she usually doesn't unlock the bathroom unless anyone asks her to. The practices are two hours long, and I usually end up having to go, but I'm always too caught up with practice or just too ashamed to pull the coach away from what she's doing and ask her to unlock the restroom. I'd done a pretty long hold-and wet earlier today, so my bladder was weaker than usual, and it seemed like I was constantly peeing. I'd peed before I left for practice, but I still felt a strong urge to pee only half an hour into practice.

I tried to hold it, but we were working on tumbling and gymnastics today, so it was hard to hold it in while moving so much. I held it in alright for another hour, but "sprung a leak" while doing a back handspring and left a considerable damp patch on my panties, so I decided to help some of the younger girls for the remaining half hour of practice because it required less movement. I managed to lay low and keep my bladder under control until the end of practice, then I finally pulled my coach aside and asked her to unlock the restrooms for me. She seemed a bit concerned (she probably thought I had something wrong with my bladder with how suddenly desperate I was) and unlocked the bathroom, and I ran to the toilet and peed a powerful stream for a good 20-30 seconds. My pink and white zebra-stripe panties were soaked in between the crotch, but I was just glad that it didn't leak through my shorts.

This isn't the only omorashi experience I've had in cheerleading though. The cheer uniforms at my school have a lot of layers: a bodysuit, tight shorts over the bodysuit, and a skirt and vest over the bodysuit and shorts. As I said, I started cheer in 10th grade, and back then me and many of the other new girls had yet to figure out how to get this all off to pee. The bodysuits had an opening at the crotch held together by three little snap buttons. It was incredibly difficult to get off, especially with the limited amount of break time between classes, and the cheerleaders often had to either be tardy for class or wait until lunch break to go to the bathroom. Most of the cheerleaders waited until lunch to use the bathroom, which could lead to some pretty desperate situations if any of us drank too much. One day, I was at my locker, and I got a text message from a fellow cheerleader asking me to come to the girl's bathroom and bring my gym bag with me.

I thought this was a little odd, but I did what the text said and brought my gym bag to the girl's bathroom. My friend was nowhere to be seen, so I called out her name, and she peeked her head out from behind a half-open stall door and motioned for me to come in. I entered the stall and immediately noticed two things: she had been crying, and she faintly smelled like pee. On closer inspection, i noticed that her bare legs were glistening with moisture, that her shoes and socks appeared to be damp as well, and that there was urine on the floor in front of the toilet and on the toilet seat.

She explained to me that she hadn't been able to get her bodysuit in time and had wet her bodysuit and panties, and she wanted to know if I had an extra bodysuit. I didn't, but I had wet wipes and perfume in my gym bag, so I helped her clean up and cover up the smell, then I gave her sweatpants and a clean pair of socks to wear. After this incident, my friend and I discovered that it's much easier to leave the crotch of our bodysuits unbuttoned and to simply tuck out bodysuit into our shorts.

Another notable omorashi incident was during junior year. It was late summer and 90 degrees, and we were cheering at a game. Our coach at the time still made our full uniform, complete with the long-sleeved bodysuit, so all of the girls were nearly dying of heat and consuming copious amounts of water in between chants. All of us had to pee pretty badly by half-time, so we rushed to the bathroom after our last routine. Unfortunately, the bathrooms at the school's football field were insufficient, with only two toilets, one of them apparently being broken. There was a line of at least 20 women by the time the cheer squad and I got to the bathrooms, and none of the women were considerate enough to let us cut in front of them, despite the fact that we were required to be back on the field in five minutes. None of the cheerleaders were able to use the bathroom before having to go back to the field, and our coach wouldn't let us have another break until the end of the game.

The next half of the game was torturous for me and the other cheerleaders. I remember that my coach made me and a few other girls sit out for the rest of the game because we couldn't stop bouncing in place, but she still wouldn't let us go to the bathroom because we had to "stay there and support our fellow cheerleaders" or something. Although at that point, I'm sure most of the cheerleaders were more concerned with not wetting themselves than cheering. After the game ended, we had to stay and cheer until the football team was off the field. By that time, the crowd was starting to shuffle out, and it was too crowded to get to the bathroom.

I saw a few of cheerleaders sneaking under the bleachers, and they caught me looking at them and motioned for me to follow them. I snuck under the bleachers after them and saw one of the cheerleaders; a short brunette; squatting down and peeing in the dirt while a few other cheerleaders kept watch. I tried not to stare, but the sight was pretty amazing; she hadn't even bothered to pull down her shorts, unbutton her bodysuit, or pull down her panties, she was just lifting her skirt up and peeing through the rest of her clothes. Once she was done, the rest of the cheerleaders took turns peeing on the ground; some girls pulling down their shorts and moving their bodysuit, some girls simply peeing through their clothes. When it was my turn to pee while the rest of the girls kept watch, I think it's pretty obvious which option I chose. ;)

Those are all of the notable experiences for now, but who knows what will happen this season?

*002*2012-08-14 04:20

{{: 

Awesome story! :) I had no idea you're in cheerleading, and that you've had omorashi experiences in that...haha, I definitely look forward to hearing about this season's wettings! ;)

}}

Aww, I'm sorry, I thought I told you. Must have slipped my mind.

I'm looking forward to future wettings, too. I just hope that they don't happen to me, I get wet enough on my own time, hahaha. To be honest, there's a cute yet bossy freshman on the team this year who acts like she owns the team, and I wouldn't mind seeing her get a little damp during practice. I can be such a bitch XD

*005*2012-08-14 04:41

{{: 

I had no idea you were in high school.

I feel kind of creepy now...

}}

Well, shit. o_o I'm still old enough to be on here, but I'm sorry for making you feel awkward.

{{: 

Lol, definitely sounds like you've got a little mean streak there.

}}

Heh, I never said I wanted her to wet herself. I just think that maybe getting desperate would bring her to reality and make her realize that she isn't the queen of everything. Plus she's cute, and I wouldn't mind seeing her squirm a little. :p

*017*2012-10-15 01:31

Thanks for all the comments, and sorry for not replying! I've been really busy with classes and practices. Luckily, the cheer season is starting to wind down. It's sad, bevause this is my last opportunity to cheer, but I'm glad because I'll have more free time for a while.

But enough about me, let's get to the omo, right? Unfortunately, it's just desperation stories rather than actual accidents, but I still found them fun to witness.

Anyway, one of my friends who is doing cheer this year is very petite and cute. Everything about her is tiny...including her bladder, apparently. Her and I work together on stunts a lot, plus we stand near each other when we cheer, so I've seen her desperate at almost every game. It's not unusual to see her crossing her legs and doing pee dances, and since she's in both cheerleading and band, the poor girl doesn't get many opportunities to use the bathroom during games. But luckily she's never had any accidents; while I love omorashi, I'd hate to see my friend wet herself in front of a large crowd.

She did come close to having an accident once, though. It was near the end of the third quarter of the game, and my friend hadn't had an opportunity to pee during halftime because she's in the band, so she was at the point where she was doing pee dances in between cheers. Our coach somehow didn't notice this, and she told us that we were going to do a cheer that involved taller cheerleaders hoisting their smaller cheer partners onto our shoulders, and having the smaller girl cheer into a megaphone.

I always do this cheer with my friend, and it's easy because I'm 5'9" and she barely hits 5'0", but with her current bladder predicament I was unsure of how well this would go. I hoisted her up into a shoulder-sit, and I honestly felt sorry for her since she was shaking like a leaf. Now, having her on my shoulders is a tiny bit awkward, since her crotch is right on the back of my neck. She was wearing her skirt, and I could feel an extraordinary amount of warmth radiating onto my neck through her shorts...I may have been imagining things, but she felt damp as well DX

But we did the cheer, I put her down, she ran to the bathroom...and later told me "I never want to do that cheer again, I almost peed on you!". Luckily, we haven't done that cheer in a while.

But this isn't even the most interesting thing that's happened this season. Last Friday, we were cheering at a game, and I had to pee moderately bad. It was almost halftime and I was trying to wait until then. I said "Damn, I need to pee!" to no one in particular, and one of my friends (not the same one from before) turned around and said "Oh my God, me too! I haven't gone since like, 1 in the afternoon!" I was surprised, since it was probably around 8 pm at this point, and I asked if she was serious. She said "Yeah, I haven't had time to go for a while. It's starting to feel bad though." I was intrigued, but I felt bad for her because I figured that she must be uncomfortable, so I reassured her that it was almost halftime, and she would have a chance to go then.

So halftime comes, I go to the bathroom, come back feeling all relieved, but I notice that this girl is squirming a little. I was like "didn't you go to the bathroom?", and she says "No, I ran into my boyfriend and walked around with him, and I didn't want to tell him I needed to pee. I still have to go sooo bad though!" By this point, the game had started again, so she couldn't really go unless she asked the coach. And while our coach is more understanding then last year's coach, she still wouldn't let a girl leave right after halftime. So we had to keep cheering, and as the game went on, I noticed her squirming more and more.

I asked if she was okay, and told her that she should just tell the coach that it's an emergency, and she said "It doesn't hurt anymore, it kind of just tingles. And I want to see if I can hold it until the end of the game." Now, this surprised me and intrigued the hell out of me, so I kind of watched her for the rest of the game, which wasn't hard because she stands just to the left of me. I was surprised that she didn't give up and run to the bathroom; near the end of the game, she was bouncing up and down with her legs pressed together and was looking really uncomfortable, but she managed to hold it until the end of the game.

Being the nosy omorashi lover that I am, I asked if she was finally going to go to the bathroom, and she said "No, I don't feel like dealing with the crowd, so I'm going to see if I can hold it until I get home." (does she like holding or something?? o_o) She then laughed and said "My boyfriend's driving me home, I hope I don't pee all over his car!"

I wonder if she made it until she got home. But if she did wet herself, I'm sure I'll hear about it during practice tomorrow. ;)

*019*2012-10-15 01:54

{{: 

Wow.

These are incredible Omorashi stories CamiLikesCupcakes!

Fantastically written and detailed...there was a couple in there that I wished had ended in the girl in question wetting herself, but the suspense and desperation is wonderfully erotic!

For me, these are a great example of how I wish to write up my own omo experiences :)

Look forward to reading more! ;)

- boundbabe

}}

Thank you very much, I'm glad you like them. It makes me happy to hear that! :)

Had the circumstances been different, it would have been nice to see some of these girls wet. But wetting in front of a crowd isn't something I'd wish upon anyone. Not any real person that is, it's fun when it happens to fictional characters. Buuut I'm getting off topic.

Thanks again!

