Had a little accident... (Couple of pics)

Author: Equusquagga

*000*2015-09-26 10:00

Hello everyone!

I'm wearing a blue oversized tee shirt and cropped blue sweatpants

I woke up really late today after having a few days of difficult sleeping, finally got a lie in today! I woke up desperate to pee at 8:24am but decided to go back to sleep, just for a short while. Ended up waking up at 11! Whoops. My bladder had this dull angry ache but I went on my phone and checked my Facebook, emails and the like.

I became aware of myself sat upright crossing my legs with one hand in my crotch. I really had to go I was about a 9/10. I put my phone down and knew today was a day of chores; I needed to wash my bed sheets and do some cleaning in the apartment. So I stripped my bed, sat with legs crossed bouncing, and removed my duvet from the cover and the pillow cases from the pillows, and grabbed my spare blanket.

When I stood up to take it all to the washing machine I thought I was going to lose it right there, I was so desperate! I crossed my legs tightly and bent over, my arms full of my laundry!

The bathroom where the washing machine is was thankfully only in the next room, but our washing machine generally requires three hands so I could not hold myself. It has a really complex opening system, and the opening to the drum isn't very wide. I was crossing my legs and hopping intermittently as I tried to jam the washing in, but it wouldn't fit because of the fiddly opening! Right then a wave of desperation hit me and I grabbed onto the sink for support as I felt a three second powerful spurt dampen my crotch.

I whimpered as I put the laundry in slowly with my legs crossed tightly, with more pee still dribbling the whole time I was putting in the detergent and turning the machine on. I put my hand between my legs and it felt very wet, I said "oh shit" and bolted to the toilet where I peed for a very relieving 2 minutes!

I then went to wash my hands and brush my teeth, and realised there was still some pee in me so I pushed a little out!

Then I came into the main room to take a couple pics of my wet spot.

Hope you enjoyed it :)

*002*2015-09-26 11:14

{{: 

Love it, what naughty but nice start to your day. Well done on meeting the challenge you'd set yourself of getting the washing on before going loo, a nice impressive latch though from all the leaking :-)

}}

Glad you liked it! I swear that washing machine causes more problems than it solves!

*004*2015-09-26 12:28

{{: 

I love the photos. They look great. Thanks for sharing. I pushed out a couple of spurts just looking at them. See what you started. :-)

}}

Haha I'm glad you enjoyed it, and hey, I doubt it was all my doing!

*006*2015-09-26 13:29

{{ 

Yes, but ever have one of those moments when you see someone or something and you say to yourself, why not that looks fun. I'm just reading through post here and letting small spurts go into my pants. I'm trying to decide if I'm just going to fully pee my pants or just continue off and on with tiny spurts.

}}

I love just letting a little bit go here and there, makes for plenty fun, but a full wetting is fun in other ways, haha you should make a post about it

*008*2015-09-26 14:45

{{ 

What a naughty girl you are! Thanks for sharing your desperation and wetting story and pics. Someday I hope you'll post pics of a full wetting.

}}

Hahaha do I not do enough for you :'( lol I already posted pics of me doing full wetting in the shower and in my pjs, come on now :)

*010*2015-09-26 14:54

{{ 

Oh, yes, I did see your shower wetting pics. I should have said I hoped to see "more full wetting pics." I'm afraid that keeping up with your activities could become a fulltime job.

}}

Hahaha yeah it probably could, oh well, you can just catch up as and when in that case, I don't mind, I love your stories from earlier on this year :)

*012*2015-09-26 18:50

{{ 

Oh wow, glad you at least made it to the toilet! Although to be fair I'm the type that loves to see toilet peeing too xP Have you ever thought of wetting in just your panties?

}}

I have thought about it, and that's what I used to do when I was younger, wet just my panties in the shower, and tell my mum I got in the shower with my underwear on still oops haha!

*014*2015-09-28 09:18

{{ 

Very nice :) imagined the whole thing and it sounded awesome

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it :)

*016*2015-09-29 14:35

{{ 

"You should make a post about it...."

I took your advice. I woke up from a pee dream I can't really remember but peed a tiny bit. Instead of going to the toilet I got on line and on this site and peed in my pants. I peed as hard as I could. I put it in a post.

}}

Just read your post, pretty cool, so thanks for sharing :)

And thanks for getting this post popular to everyone :P

*018*2015-09-29 18:47

{{ 

Beautiful one :) mmmmm nice little wet spot hihihi

}}

Yeah, just enough to raise suspicion haha! I might have to do something similar soon :P

