Desperate Girl in the Bank

Author: misslangtou

*000*2013-12-15 06:57

I work as a bank teller in a beautiful, shiny, glass office building in North Miami. It's quite incredible really. The central elevator is surrounded by a koi pond with a fountain. High heels continuously clicking across marble floors, highlighted by the Florida sun flooding the skylights. Since the branch is located on the fifth floor, but the public restroom is on the first, we usually lend our customers the keys to the employee restroom on our level. They hang on the wall at the end of the teller line.

This particular incident occured on a Monday, which is usually busy because the past weekend & most everyone in the building is paid on a Monday. Not long after we opened, there was a huge line we just couldn't keep up with. At the very end of said line, there was a girl I reognized from the law firm on the ninth level. She has an amazing waistline, perfect perky breasts, and short, strawberry blonde hair which I absolutely love. She seemed distracted, or in a hurry. I timed my transactions perfectly, and in about 10 minutes she was at my station. She looked tan, perhaps from lounging topless on south beach over the weekend (a girl's gotta dream!) or perhaps it was just the white suit. 

Her Chanel scent filled my nostrils as she passed a thick envelope through the window. She was depositing $2500 in various denominations, which of course must be counted. After sorting her cash by bill, I pulled up her account ($90k available balance, Audi TT nearly paid off!) and began to count. She glanced around nervously. "Is that it?" She stammered. At this point, as she wriggled in front of me, I began to realize what was happening. My secret crush was absolutely desperate for a piss. Which turned me on, major. "I'm afraid not, you have to be present while I add this, and I need a signature on the reciept." I felt myself smile sadistically. This would be fun.

She smiled uneasily, and I watched her cross her legs tightly. I took my time running my fingers across the bills, and I toyed with the idea that she was imaging my perfectly manicured fingers exploring her perfectly toned, tan body. I have quite the dirty mind. I ran all her cash through the fraud fighter, usually reserved for 50's and 100's. A few times, her need was so distracting, I had to count the bands over again.

Once I began putting her money in my drawer, she seemed relieved, knowing the transaction was over. I was swearing under my breath that I was out of time, when the reciept printer flashed "jammed." As I fumbled with it, she blurted out " I need your bathroom key right now!" She hastily scribbled on the crimpled paper, and shuffled to the hooks just as fast as one can shuffle with four inch Jimmy Choo's and a pencil skirt. As she squirmed her way through the door, I swear I saw a thin stream run down her leg, her shoe, and onto the smooth marble.

And I simply can't wait for next Monday.

*009*2013-12-20 02:07

{{ 

Great story and this reminds me of a story an ex girlfriend told me about a bank cashier peeing herself at work. Apparently she had been holding while serving customers and there was not enough staff to cover breaks. The supervisor kept saying someone would come to cover, but by the time they did, the poor girl was already leaking into her pants. She did not flood them, but they were quite wet on the butt. I did not get too much detail, as my girlfriend did not know of my pee interest and I was/am too embarrassed to tel anyone in the real world.

}}

I know the feels. The struggle is real ;/

{{ 

Wow. Maybe you could check the cctv?

}}

I never thought of that! But I don't have access to it :/

