My Childhood Desperation and Wetting Experience

Author: WetCherry

*000*2013-04-04 16:47

Well, I wasn't sure how to introduce myself to this forum, so I thought I'd tell you a story!

I was about 11 years old, coming back in the car from a family holiday with my best friend. The car journey was about 5 hours long, and for the last couple of hours, I had to hold back my need to relieve myself. What made it harder was that I was too embarrassed to let anyone know I was so desperate, so I had to squirm and wiggle and hold it in as subtle a way as possible!

We finally made it home, and as soon as my parents opened the door, I sprinted (almost doubled over at this point - I couldn't even walk straight) to the bathroom, took off my shorts, but I couldn't take off my panties in time, so I stood there and watched as the dark patch appeared, grew, and my flow of pee spurted out and down my legs. I remember the impossibly big puddle on the floor, and how the embarrassment and relief overwhelmed me... I just dropped to the floor, the puddle of [still warm] pee completely soaking my pussy through my panties.

It felt bad and humiliating, of course - my family and best friend had seen me dashing upstairs so desperately - but it was something that stayed with me and gradually grew into something I enjoy!

It's nice to find a forum with people who enjoy this in the way that I do (although there don't seem to be many girls with exhibitionist tendencies like me), and I hope I can be a part of this community! :3

*002*2013-04-04 22:37

Hehe, they would have stopped if I'd asked, but I was distracted and too embarrassed to ask once the desperation kicked in >.<

By the way, your signature, Zamary... I also have an interest in Magic ^^

*004*2013-04-05 02:09

Hehe, I didn't need to go for the WHOLE journey (that would be kinda crazy) - more like the final couple of hours. I guess it's that childhood thing where you don't realise how badly you need to go until it reaches the, er... later stages..?

Might post more of these if people would genuinely want to hear about them, since they're entirely unfabricated. Depends if you're interested or if they come across as silly ramblings ^_^

