Another Video: Couldn't get my Pajama Pants Down

Author: Gregg

*000*2012-08-20 23:39

Here's another video I made this afternoon.

I've had the idea for this one in my head for some time now, ever since I noticed one of my pairs of drawstring pajama pants has no fly.

The idea for this one was based on the idea that, what if I woke up in the middle of the night, on the verge of bursting, and rush to the bathroom, only to find the drawstring on my pants has been cinched up so tight from my tossing and turning in bed, that I can't get my pants off?

I think you all know the answer...

Attached is a photo of the damage I took afterward, since you can't see it that well in the video.

As a fun side note, my pants really were knotted so tight that I couldn't get them off, short of ripping them apart, and in fact it took me another five minutes or so after I stopped recording to finally get them undone.

As always, comments and (constructive) criticism are welcome.

Untitled5.flv

*003*2012-08-24 22:54

Thanks for the compliments guys (and girl). It's nice having fans.

It's a little hard coming up with original ideas though.

*007*2012-09-13 23:23

I'm glad you both like it. I think this one came out pretty well.

The one that's my personal favorite seems to have the fewest downloads though...

I think I've posted 6 videos now. They're all on this board. They should be easy to find, just search for topics started by me.

One of the threads has two videos in it, but for the most part I've started a new thread for each one.

I don't have any other videos besides what I've posted, but I do have another idea for one. And of course I'm always open to ideas from others. It doesn't even have to be an idea for a specific scenario, just hearing which elements you like, which elements you dislike, and the types of things you'd like to see are good to hear.

*009*2012-09-14 02:09

If you like "almost made it" accidents, you should love my first video.

$/7144-introducing-myself-with-a-video/

It's more of a "just barely didn't make it." I made it, but not soon enough.

