Something I didn't think would work, worked!

Author: Zaphod

*000*2014-09-16 16:04

Warning: I mention messing a bit at the start.

Today I got back from school at about 4 in the afternoon and sat browsing through this site, as I usually do when I'm out of schoolwork. I skimmed my through the downloads section for about 15 minutes before i heard some serious wrenching from down below. Noone would be home for another 3-4 hours so I did what came naturally to me. I got myself of my PC chair and squatted next to my desk, holding the top of it to steady myself, and did the dirty deed. Getting up form my croushed position I leaned over the desk and pushed to fully relieve myself. Now I know most people on this site are more into wetting so I'll skip what happened next unless someone requests it.

The mess I had made was getting a bit out of hand and I had started to feel the urge to pee so I decided to try something I'd thought of doing for ages. I went throught to my kitchen and grabbed a black bin liner, bringing it through to my room. I cut two holes in the bottom of it and stepped my feet through it, pulling it up tightly around my boxers and rolled up pyjamas. When it was fully pulled up I grabbed the excess bag at the top and rolled it into a knot, taping it shut. I tucked the leg holes into my boxer/pyjama combo and I was set to go. Firstly I wet in the bag, it held it all and quite frankly it felt fantastic. I started to wonder how far I could push this frankenstien of an outfit so I made my way through to the bathroom and filled up two medium sized glasses with warm water. Pouring them down the front of the bag felt great and it still held. I shivered with excitement and potential. I knew I could take it much further.

I stepped into shower and started it up, turning the nozzle to the side while it heated. Shivering with anticipation, I waited for the water to heat which took about a minute. As soon as the water hit a comfortable temperature, I tuned the shower nozzle to a narrow stream and aimed down the back of my makeshift diaper. The bag started to expand and heat up. The creases and squashed parts of the liner filled and the water gathered around the tucked in edges of the leg holes but It continued to hold. I started shaking with excitement and didn't stop until the end. I carried on filling it with warm water until I'd got about one litre in. Gingerly I stepped out of the bath to grab my phone and take some pictures and a film (these are at the bottom of the post, except the film which I might add later) then VERY carefully got back into the shower to fill my liner to capacity.

I got about another two litres in before the bag started to hugely sag and start leaking but I continued to fill it. But alas, I filled it for a few more seconds than I should have and the right leg hole unfolded, unleashing a torrent of water around my feet when the left leg hole burst and filled the bath I was standing in to about 2 inches. This was the single greatest wetting experience I have have ever had. Please, If you have any questions ask away! :)

*002*2014-09-16 22:53

{{ 

Wow a pretty great experience you had, and although I am not into male wetting this has given me an idea. (ohh and Rozen Maiden is awesome just thought I'd say that seeing your avatar.)

}}

Naturally, you'll have to post the result of this idea, haha ;)

