Sightings - Big Bladders

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-16 10:26

In 1990, I was in hospital for some months - I was very ill and had to build up for a difficult surgery.

There I liked to visit the nurses who had to do the night shift. I could do that, because I was near to the inventory of the station and knew the girls a little better after a while. A fixed night nurse regularly did the night shift for one week as well as another of the nurses from the station, and they worked on a rotating system, so when the fixed night nurse had her week off, each of them did the shift in her place.

1.

One of these nurses, Silke, used to drink 3 liters of red tea. It was some kind of fruit tea, which seemed to have a bit of a diuretic function on me. Every evening she drank it for the health of her kidneys, she said, and did not visit the toilet the whole shift - not for her kidneys, but for her pleasure I think. Once she was working the late evening shift and had to stay later, because another nurse had fallen ill suddenly. This time she came on to the station at 1 pm and left at about 6:30 am.

Her way home was about half an hour by bike. She had started drinking really quickly around midnight. From about 1:30 am till the end of her shift and on her way home (by her bike) she did not use the toilet.

While she was working the night shift I had an interesting conversation with her before her shift ended. She never shifted or showed any sign of stress for the whole time. Also she talked with me without any problem concentrating. I will never understand how she managed this.

She was about 1.60 meters high and weighed about 60 kg. She was good looking and a little muscular but very female. (Editor's note- about 5'2" and 132 lbs.)

2.

The fixed night nurse, Stephanie, once told me about a bus tour she took from Hamburg to Frankfurt, Germany. She and some men wanted to take part in a weekend demonstration against an airport runway at Frankfurt Airport, which was to be built and used for military causes. In the bus, which left Hamburg on a Friday evening, they had a party, drinking lots of beer as well as other drinks. After a while she felt some discomfort, but had to wait until the bus driver stopped. The driver was trying to reach Frankfurt on time so he could finish his work shift as soon as possible. When most of the passengers wanted to stop for a loo, the driver stopped after some discussion. 

However, in the small parking space he found, there was no toilet. The men went over to the bushes by the fence bordering the place and relieved themselves. She was the only woman in the group and did not want to squat down in front of the men, so she had to wait in her tight jeans until the next stop. Because of the partying, the bus had to stop quite often, but never at a petrol station, because they were all busy and had shops as well, which would make the breaks take even longer and the driver wanted to reach Frankfurt soon.

The poor nurse stopped drinking after the second stop, full of fluid and without any chance of relief. She then had to stand the pressure and pain for about 7 to 8 hours. At the building site of the runway were many demonstrators and brigades of police. She had to stand the whole Saturday and on Sunday without a pee. On the way back home there had not been toilets again. She tried to find a bathroom at every stop in desperation and extremely pain, until she found one not closed at one of the last stops near Hamburg. She went in and sat down for the longest pee in her life and started to cry. When she finally got relief she had waited for a little bit more than 36 hours.

She is (or was 8 years ago) a good-looking and very slim woman who stood about 1.75 meters tall (5'8").

While working her night shifts she did not use the toilet until the morning but never showed any sign of fidgeting. When she boiled tea and coffee for the station and her colleagues at the last minutes of her shift, she started to have problems- crossing and twisting her legs while bending forward and back in desperation. But she held it until all pots of water boiled (another 20 minutes) and she had poured them into the big cans containing the tea and instant coffee. Then she dashed off to the kitchen in a total panic before returning after a period of time. This happened every time she had to work in that station. 

When I saw her pain and desperation after just one night with just 3 to 4 cups of tea, I had a problem believing that she did was able to hold it after beer and other drinks for more then 36 hours. It must have been very hard for her not to have an accident when she worked on the area as a nurse, because there was a hard battle between demonstrators and police that resulted in many injured people on both sides. Also, it must have been a never-ending nightmare to stand up and leave the bus only to find that there wasn't a toilet or when there was, the door was locked. Then go back to being trapped in the damned bus for who knows how much longer before another stop came along.

3.

In a gourmet bar nearby (unfortunately the owner and all the personnel have changed years ago) the beautiful service girls had an unwritten agreement; that they have to serve drinks and talk to the guests without taking a break in their shift. Very often they had a lot of drinks from about 7pm when the bar filled with people till about 6 am. It was fantastic to see the girls, who must have had an extremely overfilled bladder for a lot of the time, able to go on without showing it.

One of these girls, Susan, had more to drink that any evening before. I don't know if some of the guests wanted to test her or if they were just inspired by seeing her drinking with other guests. But she had to drink between two and four glasses of wine mixed with mineral water with each guest – and she normally was serving between 8-10 guests! To my calculations, she must have drank around 5 liters that evening. Everybody wanted her to say cheers and talk with them. She was a very slim and beautiful girl of about 20 years of age and did not know how to control the - for her - horrible situation. She had a very short and elastic miniskirt and 4" high heels.

After a while she started to drink pots of coffee, because she was afraid of getting drunk. I could see her laughing and smiling at the people, drinking and making jokes. To get the money from the guests for their drinks, she had to get onto her absolute tiptoes to reach over the bar, because she was just about 1.60 meters tall in heels. She had to squat down very often as well, because some of the bottles were on a low shelf. She did it with spread legs so as not to press her tights into her stomach. At about 2 am she could not hide her stress any longer. She had a bulge that went from her pubic bone up to far over her navel stretching out her normally flat abdomen.The bulge was sticking out at least 6 cm from her flat tummy, and it had a visible vertical expansion of 20 cm. 

At a quarter past 2, she dashed out of the bar in a very big hurry and disappeared to the toilets. She had managed to look happy and beautiful until seconds before. When she came back, her bladder was still a bit swollen looking, so I believe she did not take the time to empty herself completely, cutting off the stream when she got back some control over her bladder. As everybody knows it is very hard to hold it after you cut it off in the midst of peeing. I think she had a hard time after that, having not completely emptied her exploding bladder. Normal people would not even hold the amount of pee she had contained in her tortured, overstrained and aching bladder. She did it after having held much more than her "normal" limit, then cut off the stream at a stage that was not completely empty. After this she held it for the rest of her shift, drinking again. As you know, after drinking alcohol the bladder refills in a short time without having to drink more.

One of the other girls there, Carmen, told me once, when I asked her, how she could manage such a long time with all the drinks and no toilet. She told me that she had done before and tried to forget about it. She said she had as much pain as every other person in this situation, but refused to acknowledge it. If the bar was overcrowded as normal, it was nearly possible to ignore the distress of working with a full bladder. But when the guests left at about 6 pm she had a huge problem trying to keep her totally overstrained bladder under control. 

All the pain came over her at once, but she had to stay and help out without showing any sign of her desperation, holding back masses of water until the last guest had gone out of the bar. She had a trip home of more than an hour on the underground and usually after the first short piss after finishing work; that was where the need would always return. Especially in winter, it was a real problem, wearing her short skirt coupled with the cold. When her bladder refilled on the way home, it was much harder to control, as her muscles were worn out from having to hold on all night at work.

I never found out who made the rule that the girls couldn't use the toilet while working. But every girl managed it every day- over and over again. Just Susan one time, was the exception, on that particularly tough evening. That was an extreme case and I don't know why it was the only time. Many of the new girls that had been hired just worked a day and never came back, but the girls who stayed managed to control their tortured bladders during their shifts once or twice a week.

I talked to Carmen about her experiences and ability to hold it while I was sitting and drinking. She was laughing and serving me there for more than half of a year.

For friends of stats: She was a beautiful slender girl standing about 1.75 meter tall and weighing about 55 kg with very long brown hair. Mostly she worked in 4" high heels and a short or mini skirt. During the last weeks of the job she wore an apron to cover her stomach. Before that I had never seen a bulge in her stomach at all.

*001*2021-09-16 10:42

The Fascinating Woman From Finland

###

A story I posted on another board in 2009

Last night I was in a pub and there were also few tourists from Finland. According to the marks on their growing bill behind the bar counter, they had a lot of red wine and they were drinking there for many hours before I arrived – and they later left past 3 a.m. But the fascinating was one of the girls, who sat in a corner on the bench for hours and did not use the bathroom. She could not leave her place without asking all other guest on her side of the table...

She was a good looking, sporty and slim, a brown haired woman of about 30 years. She wore a tight jeans, a t-shirt showing her good figure and her bare and sporty shape arms. Her beautiful face and her arms were sun-tanned.

At about 1:15 a.m. she left her place and a guy from her group took her to his side of the table and asked her to sit down beside him. And to my surprise she did it without any discussion. I knew her bladder must have been bursting after such a long time of drinking without any bathroom break.

The others went to relieve themselves many times that evening. She just sat beside that guy, totally relaxed as it seemed and they just talked about something. But after another hour, she sat more straight. Then I saw her right hand between her legs – and later even holding her crotch. But she still talked to the guy as if there would be everything quite OK.

10 Minutes later she sat there with fold arms. Her fold arms looked a little tensed. Another 15 minute later she held her obviously painfully bulging bladder with her right hand and her left hand was in the air, a little lower, and she clenched her fist – now she seemed to have really bad pain in her now visibly bulging bladder...!

Her before straight stretched legs were curled under her seat, even her feet were curled and just tiptoes touched the ground. But she was still talking as if nothing was wrong with her.

A little later she again sat there with fold and very tensed arms – still talking, but now also obviously a little nervous. Eventually she seemed to notice my interested look at her, she smiled towards me and waved with her hand as if nothing bad would happen. But the (female) bartender stood in a line between her and me and misunderstood the beckon and asked, if everything would be OK. This fascinating Finnish woman answered that everything would be OK, but – by these words also seemed to associate that for ages nothing was OK with her bladder...

At least a few minutes later she stood up and still completely under control left for the bathroom in a normal speed and tried to look as cool as if nothing would be wrong with her. She needed a little longer until she appeared again. But to my surprise she – after once opening her floodgates – did not go to the bathroom all few minutes, but held her pee for the rest of the evening.

What a pity, that the bartender misunderstood her beckon to me. It would have been nice to go to that table and talk to that woman. When she would have tried to stand up then, I would have told her, that I was fascinated, that she did not go all evening with so many drinks. And I would have asked her, if she would be able to wait a little longer. If she would have agreed, I would have told her about my time with Veronica and that I am fascinated in women who have such a strong bladder. I did so before to other women in matching situations and never got any negative answers. A woman who can hold such a load under real pain for hours, normally is proud about her strong bladder. 

And as far as I experienced, they like to have a little secret with a man, who is fascinated in her strong bladder. And in a flirt it ever was possible to prolong her waiting – even when that woman was dying for the loo for ages and on the edge of losing control. As far as I experienced, in a good flirt a woman with a really really strong bladder accepts the challenge and gives her very best – no matter how painful and exhausting her fight was – and then may get.

I just imagine a night with nice full bladder sex and in the morning this women would wake up (no matter if she peed a few times, after drinking so much without peeing for hours before) with a bursting bladder, bulging much more than in that pub. And she would try to stand up and I would ask her to wait just a little longer. And I would feel her rock hard and very distended bladder, would give her careful massage and ask her for some more full bladder sex. I would be careful in the beginning and later would get harder and harder on her bladder. And she would find out, that her bladder is able to stand this extra pressure and would enjoy the very extreme feeling. And she would fight back all urges and even major spasms. Probably we would go to the limit and she would leak a very very little – just a few single drops – and I would be careful not to go too far over her limit to prolong this marvellous miracle for as long as even possible...

