Snow wetting, finally!

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2012-12-24 13:38

I finally got around to doing that snow wetting idea I got as a dream so long ago. It figures as soon as I had the idea there wouldn't be snow here for a year. Then the recent snowstorm came through and I thought now or never. Anyway I started drinking a lot of water like every couple hours or so. The pressure built up way faster than I thought, so much that I had to let off some pressure or I would have had an accident before I wanted to. I was really close too, for the first time in forever I felt myself loosing control. I had to struggle to keep from leaking.

When I had enough I went outside. The snow wasn't piled up enough yet so I got the shovel and started piling it up. Like it was in the dream. When I got it up enough I sat on the pile I made. As desperate as I was earlier, it's surprisingly hard to go in weather that cold. I eventually had to force it, and it flowed easily after that. I could feel the warmth fill my pants, and seep under me liquefying the snow beneath me. I could feel myself sinking into the pile. My hands were going numb in the cold snow around me. 

It wasn't long after the wetting that the area in the snow went numb too. I ran back inside and it took me an hour after to get warmed back up again. The next day I looked at the spot I wet myself in, and the cold had frozen it into what looked like a thrown of yellow ice. I would do it all again too. The night, the frozen wind blowing around me, it was very primal feeling. Anyone who wants to try this, I suggest you do it quickly, and get to a warmer place fast.

*004*2013-01-02 15:40

{{ 

Pretty radical gargoyle! So intensely warm and intensely cold. No snow pants or anything?

}}

{{ 

Pretty radical gargoyle! So intensely warm and intensely cold. No snow pants or anything?

}}

Nope. Just my regular jeans.

*006*2013-01-22 17:40

{{ 

Wow-I have lived where it snows for many years and I never thought of this. And this came to you in a dream? But I agree that it's hard to pee when you are cold. Do you wet your pants on a regular basis?

}}

Not really, I sort of have to be in the '"mood" to wet. I'm weird like that.

