Wetting my Soccer Uniform as a Kid

Author: Let-it-fly

*000*2013-01-04 03:19

Hi all! Thought I'd share something new before school gets too busy for me to really write! This is the story of the first time I distinctly remember wetting myself in public. I was about eleven years old, and it was after an outdoor soccer game. I'll do my best to remember the details!

It was a ridiculously hot day, probably over 30 degrees, and we were playing one of the hardest teams in our age division. I'd brought two large water bottles, and my Mom had come to watch me play. My team wore orange and white jerseys tucked into royal blue athletic shorts, with knee high white socks and cleats. My dark brown hair was tied in a high ponytail with an orange scrunchie. I also wore glasses, a white trainer bra, and white panties.

The opposite team was formidable indeed, and I was exhausted and thirsty every time I got called in for a water break. We reached half time (45 minutes in) and everyone was chugging from their bottles. This was when I finished my second one. The score was close, and we all felt like we were in a sauna. It was around this time that I recall beginning to feel my bladder fill, but it didn't seem like much, and there were no bathrooms around the park where our game was scheduled.

I took the first shift on the bench as the second half started, and the cool bench on my privates really started to wake up my need to go. I was conscious of it, and was clenching my pee muscles, but did not need to move at all to hold it. I was sure I'd be fine.

The remainder of the game that I spent on the field the ball was mercifully on the opposite teams side of the field most of the time (I played defense). As my need to pee got worse I shifted back and forth, acting like I was moving my body as I watched the distant ball. By the time the other 45 minutes had passed and the game was at its end, I was hopping around, hoping people were focusing on the game, and not the girl who needed to pee on the other side of the field.

The whistle sounded, we said our "hip-hoorays" and congratulated the winner (I don't think I cared enough at the time to remember who it was), and I made a beeline for the car, where my Mom was packing up her lawn chair. "Time to go!" I said, rather insistently, and hopped into the back seat where she wouldn't see my struggling without turning around.

After what seemed like an eternity, my Mom got into the car, turned on her music, and pulled out of the parking lot. I squirmed my legs back and forth, willing the car to get home faster. I obviously wasn't paying attention to the road, because before I knew it we were parked in front of the video rental store. As Mom parked, she said "I just have to pick up some videos for tonight and grab some groceries. We won't be long, come on!"

I groaned, but went with her. I'm not sure why I didn't just say something, but I guess I was a shy kid, and I didn't want to admit it. Either way, my Mom never noticed as she perused the movies that I was bouncing on the balls of my feet. Nor did she notice, as we reached the grocery store and she carefully selected items that I was beginning to hold myself when no one was looking. I only prayed that she would hurry up and we could get home!

Finally we reached the cash register. I stood at the far end of the till by the door while she loaded fruits, veggies, and cans onto the belt. With each beep of the machine I could feel my muscles get weaker. I was openly holding myself out of her sight now, as the till rose above my waist and no one could see. My legs twisted, and bobbed until finally I couldn't hold it any longer.

One squirt, two squirts. It came little by little until it built up into a stream running down my legs. Since my Mom couldn't see what was going on, I kept my face as neutral as possible. It wasn't a huge amount of pee, but definitely enough that I was sure everyone behind me would know.

I braced myself for my mother's scolding but as she left the cash register and led the way from the store, she said nothing. Didn't she notice?! I was confused until I realized that my shorts were dry! There wasn't a spot on them to be found. Something about the athletic fabric, I guess, repelled the liquid, sending it only down my legs. My socks were a bit wet at the tops, but looking back into the store, I realized that most of my pee was in a puddle on the floor, never to be seen by my Mom! Muahaha!

I distinctly remember coming home and spending a long while looking at my wet panties, just to be sure that I hadn't imagined the whole thing. Those little, white, wet panties.

I felt so... devious. Naughty. I'm not sure. I wasn't mature enough for sexual arousal, but this is the first time I associated a positive feeling with wetting. Anyways, thought you would enjoy. Thanks for reading!! ^_^

