Concert festival: public wetting

Author: maxpee

*000*2014-10-04 14:46

Hello there! I'm gonna tell you an experience I had a few months back. I still think it's one of the most arousing experiences I have ever had, so I really want to share this with you.

In the beginning of July, I went to a famous concert festival in Belgium with a lot of great performances and bands. The festival always lasts 4 days, but I only went the last day. I was too late to buy tickets for the complete festival, so I wanted to make that one day a day to remember!

Me and my friend Emily arrived at noon. The first performances would be starting soon, so we bought ourselves a beer, drank it within a few minutes, got ourselves another beer and went looking to some concerts we wanted to see. After that, we caught up with some other friends, who bought us more beer and we happily accepted.

Around 3 p.m. Angus & Julia Stone started their performance. I love Angus and Julia Stone, so I was willing to see their whole concert. By the time they started playing, I felt a twingling in my bladder. The beers had found their way down, but I felt like I could hold it. Unfortunately my desperation quickly grew to levels I hadn't been many times before. I had to pee so incredibily much, that I just couldn't stand staying in the crowd. I had to do my best to make my desperation not noticable. I have a bladder of steel and I never leak, but at that moment I really thought I was going to have an accident. Ten minutes before their concert finished, my need to pee won from my love for Angus and Julia Stone, and I rushed off to the toilets, feeling kinda dissapointed because I wanted to see more of them. I made it, but it was a close call.

After that we caught up with our friends again, still drinking many many beers. Around 5 p.m. Passenger was gonna perform. Everyone of us wanted to see his concert. Just as we got up to walk to the right stage, it started raining really really bad. Emily told me that she wanted to use the restroom before we went to the stage. The rest of our friends didn't feel like waiting in the rain, so they went ahead. I waited at the entrance of the toilets for Emily. Just as I stood there alone for a few minutes, I started thinking that I should have gone with her. I needed to pee too. But I knew that if I would use the restroom right now, I would never be able to find Emily and she wouldn't find me. So I stayed where I was. It was still raining really bad. I had put my raincoat on, so my tshirt didn't get wet, but my shorts, legs and shoes were completly soaked from standing there waiting.

When Emily and I arrived at the right tent to see Passenger, it was really crowded. Everybody wanted to shelter from the rain, even though the rain had almost stopped. It was too crowded to completly get in the tent, so we kinda stayed on the edge. It was a really crappy place to stand: we didn't see a thing of the stage, everybody was drumming, we still got wet from the drips who were falling off the tent and my feet were drenced in a puddle of rain. And I needed to pee so bad that I thought I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. I started observing the situation and I suddenly saw the benefits of it, which made me come up with a great idea: I was gonna pee right there. My pants were already wet, Emily was standing in front of me with her back faced to me, underneath me was already a puddle and it was so crowded no one would see my pants getting wetter. It was genius.

I didn't think of it much. I softly started touching my crotch while I let the first spurts dribble in my pants. The warm liquid reached my fingertips and I stopped the flood. I looked around, but no one was really paying attention to me. Everything was clear, I could go a step further. I started peeing more and pressing my hand in my crotch while I felt the pee running down my legs. Every once in a while, I stopped to check if no one was looking. I'm pretty sure it would have been visible if I hadn't been standing in the rain for so long. I had to pee a lot and it felt sooooo great to feel my wet pants getting even more soaked. While I was peeing Emily was shouting things to me over the music. I must admit that I can't recall a thing of what she had said. I just felt so good and naughty knowing I was peeing my pants while chatting with a friend.

After that it didn't rain anymore, so no more naughty pee-opportunities for me. But I made my goal: it definitly was a day to remember!

*004*2014-10-11 12:49

{{ 

Such a beautiful story, I can't believe no one commented on it this far!

I really like Angus & Julia, as well as Passenger (but mostly his acoustic stuff on the bonus CDs), though I've never seen any of them in concert. I was wondering though, when you hear Passenger again every once in a while - on the radio or whatever - does it make you recall your incident?

}}

I've both seen them twice in concert now :D and yes, it most certainly makes me think of this amazing wetting every time I hear one of his songs coming up.

