Four Friends, Four Accidents

Author: Justhemoonandme

*000*2012-10-03 21:46

This is a true story about three friends and I at the end of a night of drinking downtown in college. Sorry for the long story, but there was a lot going on that night, for sure!

It was mid-October, and my friends Kristen, Brittany and Stacy and I decided to go out barhopping downtown. It was Saturday night, and it happened to be Daylight Savings time, so we had an extra hour that night for shenanigans! During the night we had all drank copious amounts of alcohol, and made a couple of new male friends as well. The bars closed at 3, and we walked down to the street to our favorite late night pizza place that caters to the bar crowd and grabbed a slice. 

We made our way to a set of tables outside a restaurant in the town square, and were joined by two male admirers that had followed us most of the night. While we were eating I felt the need to pee, but it wasn't bad enough to get up and go. The need slowly grew to become slightly uncomfortable, but I was known for my giant iron bladder, so I wasn't worried, especially since I knew we would be going home soon. It was nearing 5am, and after resisting every attempt to convince us to come back to their hotel room, the guys finally gave up and left.

The four of us stood up to gather our trash and our purses, and as gravity took over I suddenly had to pee 100x worse than when I was sitting (Also thanks to the alchold!) I quickly realized I wasn't the only one when Brittany said, "Oh my god, I have to pee SO bad!"

"ME TOO!," Stacy practically yelled. Kristen nodded in agreement, legs slightly crossed. "I don't think I've ever had to pee so bad EVER!" I chimed in. The other girls nodded in agreement. "Okay, where is there an open bathroom this late?" Brittany asked. I hadn't thought about that, and the thought brought on a wave of desperation. "We've got to find somewhere NOW, or I'm going to wet myself," said Kristen. We all glanced around and our eyes fell with glee on the brand new park that was just built, complete with a small building containing bathrooms and a drinking fountain. Score!

"Lets go, I can't take it anymore!" said Stacy. I wasn't used to having to go so severely, especially in front of other people. It made me nervous, as I usually only experienced this in private. Normally the sight of a bathroom wouldn't increase my need much, but when I laid eyes on this bathroom and knew that relief was near my bladder gave a jolt so strong I had to slam my legs together quickly to stop myself from losing control. Quickly we headed toward the bathrooms, and it was extremely difficult to hold back the flood dying to burst forth. "I might not make it, you guys, I'm about to pee my pants!" I called out to my friends in half panic.

"Me too, I'm so not kidding!" said Kristen, also panicked. As we neared the bathroom, I glanced at my friends. Stacy was holding her self with one hand, Brittany had her thighs pressed together as she ran, and Kristen was hanging on for dear life with both hands. I couldn't believe this was happening! I got to the door first and pushed with all my might. LOCKED! "Holy crap you guys, its LOCKED!" I exclaimed. As I uttered these words I knew I couldn't hold it back. "I can't hold it, I'm about to pee my pants, I can't stop it!" And with that I lost all control and began forcefully peeing my pants. "Oh my god, I can't hold it, either!' said Kristen as she lost it and started to pee her pants as well. Stacy and Brittany stared in disbelief, and it was clear that seeing Kristen and I peeing our pants brought them to the edge as well.

"Okay, the pizza place has GOT to have an open bathroom still, I have to try to make it!" said Stacy. Kristen and I exchanged an embarrassed yet relieved look, and reluctantly followed Stacy and Brittany, as we didn't want anybody to see what had happened to us. We got halfway to the pizza place when Brittany suddenly stopped in the road and said, "Oh my god, I'm wetting myself, I just can't hold it anymore!" Stacy stopped and looked at Brittany wetting herself in the middle of the road, and a look of defeat crossed her face. She let out a soft cry as a dark patch began to spread across her pants and quickly reach the ground. We were all completely drenched, but all relieved at the same time.

All four of us were in complete shock over what had happened. We had gone out countless weekends and none of us had ever peed our pants. We look back on this and laugh now, but at the time we vowed never to speak of it again. That didn't stop me from thinking about it, though!

