My Second Witnessed Wetting

Author: Halflife77

*000*2013-01-14 11:23

For a bit more of a back story, see my original thread here

. This experience actually happened the immediate day after my first witnessed wetting (I should probably come up with better topic names, ha!). For the record, this is a little more sexual so if that's not your cup of tea skim down to almost the ending for the wetting.

The following day after my first experience happened to be a Sunday, so given that day of the week my parents had asked me to attend their church so as to have the congregation wish me well and safe travels before my trip. I'm not a very religious person (that's an entirely different subject and pretty irrelevant to this story) so I had decided to bring my girlfriend, Lindsay, along as we had plans to spend time together that afternoon. Seeing as I was to be leaving in 2 days now, my girlfriend and I were going to be spending as much time together for obvious reasons. She'd agreed to tag along the night before when I'd asked her, so I'd asked her to dress somewhat nicely as I was to be in the same boat.

When I'd arrived at her house, I was impressed to see she'd actually dolled up quite nicely. She was wearing white peep toe 2" pumps, a semi-transparent floral with an orange backdrop knee length skirt and a short sleeve white button up blouse complimented with a somewhat large sized white purse slung over her right shoulder (Side Note: I'm not the best with women's fashion, so I try to use the best names I can to describe female articles of clothing). Her blouse was a little small for her, so in an almost an anime-esque fashion it was a tight fit with the buttons pulled slightly apart right across her breasts. 

She'd left the top two buttons unbuttoned drawing attention to her cleavage - which as I later discovered that day, was being accented by a push-up bra. She'd even put on a little more make-up than usual; a light blush on her cheeks, a flat, dull kind of red lipstick and a little bit of eyeshadow. Her make-up was complimented by her silver tear drop earrings. Needless to say, I was to be proud to walk around with her on my arm. Yeah, she was a bit of a trophy to me...but hey, I'm a guy and while that isn't exactly an excuse I was quite proud to be "her man", so to speak.

The contents of the service isn't exactly critical to the story. I was given a "shout out" by the minister and my family asked the congregation for prayers as I went on my quest to find myself or whatever they wanted to call it. To be honest, I was more happy to have my girlfriend all dolled up to my side and knowing after we were done with this that we could finally spend some quality time together talking, goofing off and just enjoying each others company. I honestly wasn't thinking of anything sexual at the time, I just was happy to have someone who really "got me" and after the experience the previous day, I was pretty much on cloud nine.

After the service, there were refreshments - fellowship, I believe is what they called it - consisting of some baked goods, juices and coffee. At my parents' request, Lindsay and I spent about an hour there talking and having some of the refreshments. As we got ready to leave, I told her I was going to use the bathroom as the juice and coffee I'd had was starting to make its way through me. She said she would just go out to the car, so I handed her my keys and walked into the bathroom. Looking back on this, I should've realized that she probably was starting to feel the urge to go. She had this thing about using public bathrooms/bathrooms she wasn't familiar with - she'd said herself that she'd rather wet her pants than pop a squat in the woods or use a dirty bathroom (and prior to my confession of my fetish to her!).

I finished using the bathroom, washed my hands and walked out the doors of the church to the parking lot. To my surprise, my girlfriend was just standing by my car. As I approached, she said,

"It's such a nice day out...why don't we go for a walk?". I responded with a quick "sure", took her hand in mine and started walking around to the other side of the church. The church was really close to a public park, so Lindsay and I just walked along one of the paved paths to a gazebo where once I'd taken a seat, she plopped herself down on my lap so as to not run the risk of tearing/dirtying her nice skirt. As we sat, we chatted about random things. I don't remember exactly what I said, but it made her laugh hard enough that she snapped her legs together, and placed one of her hands on her lower abdomen before exclaiming,

"Don't make me laugh like that, I have to pee!"

Immediately I felt a twinge in my own crotch, but for different reasons.

"Do you want to get going, head back to my house?" I asked.

"Sure." she responded cheerfully.

I don't know what sparked it, but for some reason as she went to get off my lap and stand up, I stopped her and placed one of my arms on her lower back, the other under her knees and scooped her up as I stood up. A quick note about myself, I'm 6'1" and was 170 lbs at the time...I was quite slender, but it must've looked a little funny this 5'2" girl in the arms of a 6'1" skinny dude in stance that could be called a "real-world romance novel cover". Lindsay, of course, found this hilarious as I pretended to rock her back and forth like a little baby and then threaten to show her panties off to some of the younger boys playing in the field nearby.

"What if I'm not wearing any panties?" she teased.

"You? You'd never go commando...you're too little to be a commando at that. Maybe a tunnel rat." I retorted.

"pee off, I'm no rat!" she said, playfully hitting me.

"Yeah, you're too cute to be a rat. But you certainly pee frequently enough to be one."

"Shut up!" she responded, playfully hitting me again, though a little harder this time and then continuing, "Now put me down before I pee on you."

With that, I set her down on her feet where she straightened her blouse and skirt before then grabbing my hand as we started to walk back to the car. Once in the car, we strapped in and I started the engine, shifted into first before then I finally decided to broach the subject that had been bouncing around my head since she'd admitted needing to pee. I cleared my throat and spoke as I pulled out of the parking lot onto the main road,

"So what did you want to do once we get back to my place?"

"I dunno, did you have anything you wanted do?" she casually responded, as she checked her make-up in the passenger side mirror.

"Well, you have to go so..." I let my voice trail off, still a little nervous about asking for what I really wanted.

"Really?" she asked, seemingly mildly annoyed as she turned to look at me.

"Well, why not then?" I answered, not taking my eyes off the road.

"I don't know if I have any clean underwear with me." she said, as she opened her purse to paw through to see if she had a spare pair of panties (Yet another side note: I don't know if this is common practice for women, but 4 of the 5 girls I've dated have kept an extra pair of underwear in their purses and this was before I ever told them about my fetish).

"You could always go commando..." I responded, a twang of sarcasm in my voice as I glanced over at her.

"Looks like you're in luck." she said, pulling a dark green pair of panties out of her purse.

Just as she'd discovered her spare pair of panties, we'd reached the subdivision where I'd lived for most of my childhood. Pulling onto my road, I noticed Lindsay shift a little bit in her seat out of the corner of my eye. Parking the car, I told her to wait by the car and that I'd be right back. Thinking ahead, I ran inside to grab a plastic bag to put her soon-to-be-wet panties in so she wouldn't have to be uncomfortable walking back nor get the inside of her purse wet. We'd been lucky enough to beat my parents back, so I left them a quick note saying Lindsay and I were out walking and enjoying the summer weather.

When I returned outside, Lindsay was leaning on my car with her legs crossed. Noting her apparent need, I asked,

"How bad do you have to go?"

"Bad. Really bad." she responded, obviously uncomfortable.

"Why don't go somewhere you can go?" I said, smiling devilishly.

"Yes, why don't we do that. Like now." she answered, a real sense of urgency in her voice.

I stuck out my arm for her to take, and threading her arm through mine we started our walk to our "fool around" spot (see my previous story for a better description). Upon reaching our little spot, Lindsay placed her purse down and out of the way. She reached down to pull her skirt up but I stopped her by grabbing her arm. "Wait. I want to do this a little differently.", I told her. She let out a little uncomfortable/annoyed gasp that clearly indicated her need. I decided not to waste any time, so I pulled her into a tight embrace and began kissing her working my hands down to her ass. As we stood there kissing, she wasted no time in undoing my belt and reaching into my pants to play with my rock hard erection.

As we continued to kiss, I gently lowered myself to the ground bringing her with me and laying her out next to me. I pulled back a bit to take in the view and start to unbutton her blouse. She lay on her right side, her left leg crossed over her right, her skirt hiked up to being about an inch away from revealing her panties. As I unbuttoned her blouse, she finished unzipping my pants and pulled my "little me" out and began slowly stroking it, much to my enjoyment. 

Finishing unbuttoning the last button on her blouse, I pulled open her shirt to be greeted to a "nude" colored push up bra giving her already perky (and in my opinion, damn near perfect) breasts that little extra "oomph" to make them drool worthy. I'm not proud of it, but I felt myself salivate a bit when I saw them at this moment. She leaned in and started kissing me again as I started to massage her breasts through and under her bra. Having had my fill of fondling, I worked my hand south and pulled her skirt up to expose her panties. As I tried to push her legs uncrossed to began massaging her crotch through her panties, one of her hands grabbed my exploring wrist rather sternly.

Pulling back, I opened my eyes as I was a bit shocked to her reactions. She was wearing light blue cotton bikini panties with a white little embroidered flower offset to the left and she seemed to be caught in a sea of emotions. On one hand, she was really starting to get turned on and wanted me to start "returning the favor" but on the other hand, was quite uncomfortable with how bad she had to pee.

"Just relax...I love you." I said (pardon the shitty pillow talk, haha), sliding my hand out of her grip and gently pushing her legs open. She didn't resist, rolling onto her back as I found her sweet spot and gently began rubbing it in a slow circular pattern through her panties. She pushed against my hand, her breathing getting heavier. We resumed kissing, and as I started kissing her neck I could feel her heartbeat pounding.

"Can I go now?" she got out between deep breaths.

"I don't know, can you?" I responded, in my typical ass fashion.

"Not funny..." she gasped.

With that, she pushed my hand away from her and got into a squatting position. I moved to my knees, leaned in and started kissing her again as my other hand found its way south and proceeded to start rubbing her again. Once again, she pushed my hand and me away, leaning forward to attempt to look at her crotch. Immediately a dark wet spot appeared on her panties, rapidly growing in size to soak her panties from side to side. As the wetness started to work its way toward her bum, a stream jetted out from the center and gradually grew in strength. She looked up from her crotch, a look of pure bliss on her face, her eyes closed and biting her lower lip. As I leaned in to get a better view as she peed her panties, she placed her head on my shoulder and let out a sigh of relief. This new angle with her leaning into me meant I could no longer see her wetting her panties, but I could hear the trickling sound of her pee stream onto the dried leaves as it slowly died out.

"That felt so good." she whispered into my ear, an extra emphasis on the "so". At this point, I was in a primal mode as I wanted her so bad I was about ready to tear off our clothes and go at it. However, my reasoning side of my brain with its respect to our desire to wait until marriage overpowered my instincts and I settled for gently pushing her onto her back before then sliding my diamond-cutting-drill-bit of an erection between her thighs. I began thrusting slowly against Lindsay's sopping wet panties and crotch. The warm and damp cotton fabric felt so good against my erection that within a matter of minutes I came, adding my own fluids to her's.

As I more or less dismounted, Lindsay started giggling.

"What?" I asked, confused.

"I guess you really liked that." she answered, smiling.

"So did you." I said rather flatly, shifting to put my junk away and zip up my pants.

"Yes...yes, I did." she said, still giggling.

"Your turn!" I said, moving to get into position to "work my magic" on her.

"I already did!" She responded, smiling big.

She stood up, slid off her soaking wet panties and handed them to me to place in the plastic bag I was carrying for that exact purpose. She did her best to clean herself up with some tissues from her purse, slid on her clean and dry panties. She then buttoned up her blouse, made herself look the most presentable she could given the circumstances all the while I sat there watching. I couldn't stop thinking just how damn lucky I was.

And that concludes this experience. Hopefully it wasn't too hard to follow and some of y'all got some enjoyment out of it.

*EDIT - Fixed a few errors that slipped by...probably more, but figured I needed to fix what I saw.*

*002*2013-01-15 07:59

{{ 

You are very lucky to have experienced something like that. Too bad you're not together any more. It sounds quite amazing; I'm waiting for more of your experiences! :)

}}

It is a shame, but as hot as the "sexcapades" may have been the relationship deteriorated to a point it wasn't worth it anymore, imo. We were fighting all the time and weren't able to see each other as frequently as we'd have liked plus our physical distance between us kept increasing.

