On the way home from Coney Island

Author: chunkylubber54

*000*2014-05-07 04:37

In highschool I had a friend named Ellen. She was this petite half-asian girl with flowing black hair that was long enough for her to accidentally sit on. We had been best friends for seven years, and I had been hopelessly in love with her for six. I'll spare the confusing details of our relationship, but when you have two best friends with aspergers and one is in love with the other it's a recipe for awkwardness that serves more than two.

It was early august in new york. If you're living by the NYC public school calendar and want to swim in the ocean without hypothermia, this was the one time of the year it's possible. The two of us decided to have a beach day before the summer ended, and since it's the only one you can get to by the subway, coney island was the beach of choice. The details of our time there weren't all that important, though thinking back it may have been the first time I ever ate a hot dog. One thing I remember in the foggy blur of bottle cap-riddled sands, foamy waves and rigged carnival games was her outfit. 

While far from unattractive, Ellen wouldn't even begin to consider wearing a bikini to the beach, probably because at the time her body had not yet gone from cute to hot. She wore this dark blue swimsuit with a white stripe down the left side. she had a green teeshirt over it and had on one of those loose beach dresses that tied on at the side. She took the latter two off when we went swimming but she decided not to put the shirt back on when we went onto the boardwalk.

Before we left we headed off to the bathrooms, a needed step considering it was an hour long train ride. Seeing as it was the peak hour in the busiest beach in the city, it would come as no shock that the line to the women's room was enormous. Neither of us could see the end of the line so she decided to just hold it and we got onto the subway. It was still pretty early in the day, so few people were leaving the beach at the time. We decided to leave then because it's hard work maintaining a Suzanne Collins underlander complexion. 

As fate would have it, we were the only ones of the F train as it left the station, and it stayed that way for almost the whole trip. It was only ten minutes before Ellen started rocking back and forth in her seat. I asked her what was wrong, even though I already knew the answer, and she hissed in a distressed voice that she needed to pee. "Oh," I said, not really sure how to phrase it without seeming weird. "Uh, well nobody's really here except for us. You could just pee over there..." I pointed to the pole in the middle of the car, "I don't really mind if it's that bad." "I don't know" she whined through clenched teeth, and started holding herself pretty obviously. I tried not to press the issue, because it looked like either way I was going to get my wish.

"Could you do me a HUGE favor, please?" she whined a few minutes later. I opened my mouth to speak but before I could say anything she blurted out. "Can you just hold on for me for a second, PLEASE? I can't hold on anymore and need to take this dress off so it doesn't get wet. Please, this is a free pass." I sat there dumbfounded for few seconds before she squeaked "Please!" She took her hands away and I tightly cupped her pussy in my shaking hands. 

Immediately she clamped her thighs down on my hands and started tugging at the knot that held her beach dress on. There was pain in her voice as she squealed her mantra of "Come on, come on, come on..." In the twenty or so seconds it took her to undo the knot I felt a fingerprint-sized patch of fabric grow hot. Eventually the knot came undone and her forearm banged against mine as she tried to swipe away the front of her dress so it didn't fall under her when she let go. I felt a long spurt that spread all the way to her butt and actually leaked onto the back of my hand. She stood up and yelled "come on" as she unclenched her thighs so I could let go, but I hesitated a moment. Whether it was because of stupidity or some subconscious reaction Ill never know. 

Suddenly the train car jolted and she lost control. four streams of bright yellow urine poured out between my fingers, and two more ran down her legs, all forming a three foot pool around her feet. She had tears in her eyes as she moaned "oh god." I pulled my hands away, more out of panic than anything else. She squatted down, legs apart, and the streams pouring between her legs merged into a sheet as they ran down her butt. After a minute or so the stream stopped and she stood up. Her dress had gotten partially soaked in the puddle, but it started at one edges and could be passed off as sea water. She picked it up off the floor and let it drip a moment before she walked to the far end of the car. She didn't ask me to look away, why I never knew, but when she got there I saw her pull the crotch of her suit aside, give one last squirt, and then wiped her pussy on a dry part of the dress

As far as beach trips go, I think it was pretty enjoyable. What would you say?

*002*2014-05-08 00:31

{{ 

Well... It seems to be !

Very nice experience ! You are really lucky !

}}

Not really. It was a wonderful experience, but I still had to go to Coney Island for it to happen. Few things are worth that

