My friend's story

Author: Odiwt

*000*2013-04-14 14:00

When I was getting to know a good friend of mine we traded our embarrassing stories, I wasn't expecting this one! Since she has gone on to be a respectable scientist in China, I will keep her anonymous (that and she would literally kill me if she knew I told anyone else). I will tell the story from her point of view with only a little embellishment (my apologies if this is terrible, I am not much of a writer).

It was a warm autumn school day, much like any other at that time of year in my province. The classroom was slightly too hot with a kind of dusty smell making today's lessons particularly tedious. When it was finally time for our morning break, it was a great relief to get outside into the cool air. Maybe it was the fresh air, or perhaps it was finally being able to get out of my char, but I did become faintly aware that I would need to use the toilet in the next half hour or so. There wasn't much time to dwell on this however because the others were starting to organize a game of chase.

I’m not exactly the sportiest of people, but I can be pretty crafty. As one of the students came running for me, I dropped one shoulder and then with a grin spun in the other direction. As they lurched passed me, my foot struck something hard causing a loud clang. Looking down in surprise I could see that I had kicked a half full kettle of water across the yard.

I remember briefly thinking that it was a stupid place to put such an object, but I my thoughts were quickly interrupted by the class room door banging open and the teacher’s furious eyes locked on me before he roared a tirade of castigation. The surprise of this felt like a bolt of lightning passing through my body leaving a tingling feeling in my arms and legs. Then as he came striding towards me, I felt a curious wetness at the top of my legs. There was a moment of confusion before I realized with horror what I was doing and once the shock had passed, I became acutely aware of the warm dampness spreading around my crotch and down my legs which I was powerless to prevent!

Abruptly the teacher stopped and just stared at the small puddle forming near my feet. As I looked around, every single eye in the yard was just looking at me in silence. The embarrassment was intolerable so I did the only thing that left I could do. I ran away.

I welcome constructive criticism about my writing since it is something that I would like to improve. Since it is a true story I couldn't really change the plot though!

