I'm an Asshole

Author: 12ninja21

*000*2013-10-27 13:46

Before I start, let me make one thing clear: my girlfriend is black and I'm asian. I personally don't like saying the n-word, but I don't have a problem with others saying it. My girlfriend goes from normal to ghetto at the speed of bitch... or something like that (I don't remember how she worded it) so when she gets upset, the n-word springs forth.

So, my girlfriend and I woke up and were cuddling in bed. We talked for about an hour, when she said she had to go to the bathroom. Me, being a manipulative prick, held her and said "Don't leave me! The world is such a scary place!" She giggled and hugged me back... but was caught in my trap.

She tried to push away, but I squeezed her tighter. "Okay, now," she muttered, and tried again, but I still didn't let her go. "Nigga, if you don't let me go, I'ma piss on your bed!" she said, getting mad.

"You sound mad, my pet~ Why?" I said affectionately. "Don't you like being held by me?"

"Not when I have to pee!" she yelled in my ear. She was starting to struggle with me, but with how close we were, she didn't have much room to swing at me, and she doesn't watch OFC, and so was helpless.

"You sound mad~"

"I am mad!"

"Better to be pissed off than on~"

"Nigga, I'm about to piss on you if you don't let me go!"

I laughed, and she gave a small giggle, but was still trying to get away. She then started tickling me, which is very effective (sadly, I'm very ticklish), and I began to squirm and spasm. I sought revenge by tickling her back (sadly, she is very ticklish) and we started having a tickle fight, one hand firmly gripping her arm so she couldn't get away. After a few minutes, she froze, and her smile ran away from her face. I looked down. It was only for a second before she bolted out of my room and slammed the bathroom door, but I saw her white, poke-a-dotted panties with a wet small wet stain on her precious place.

She was furious with me, but unlike most girls, she demands for me to be with her while shes mad so I can get the proper tongue lashing I deserved. I had to hear it for the rest of the day, had to swear never to do it again, and was in the dog house for the better part of the week, but to see my pet in such an innocent state, the guilt on her face, the embarrassment as if she did something wrong... I wanted to hug her so much...

I often fantasize about that day, how I would've just sat her on my lap and kissed her teary face as she had her accident. (sigh) I'm such an asshole.

*005*2013-10-31 10:28

Yeah - lesson very much learned. It's one of those "was a good idea at the time" moments, but winds up being a "why did I do that?" situation. And no, I swore to her I'd never do it again, so I never did it again since or plan on doing it again in the future.

*009*2013-11-03 01:00

{{ 

Sounds to me like everyone in this thread is an asshole.

That was pretty funny though OP.

}}

That it is, but this is omorashi, not scat, so lez-get-out of this post!

