Story!

Author: bdjs

*000*2011-02-18 22:10

Okay, this is a real life story that I wrote for another online bloggy thing, hence why at times the context may be a bit strange, but I'm sure some of you will find it interesting nonetheless! There's not MUCH about the actual peeing, but take what you will!

The story I'm gonna write about may not be at all funny to many of you and may actually gross you out but I don't care! Basically this is an incident which happened early in my ex's relationship which we swore we wouldn't tell a soul about - she told her best friend just the other day (drunkenly!) but I don't even really care aha, I find it hilarious. I really don't have any secrets, I don't really embarrass that easily and I'm not ashamed of any of this, many laughs were had which always means this ia great time was had! J, this will get TMI so I advise you to stop reading please lest you never look at my the same way again and I'm being serious!

Right, this happened beginning of this year when I was first dating the lovely C, we had met a few times and had been all over each other all the time. Well her parents were going out for the weekend so surprise surprise she asked me to stay over and of course I said yes! I think we all know what this was leading to and we were both very very excited / nervous! We watched a movie on the sofa, some chick flick which of course made her teary so I could be the comforting boyfried that night! Afterwards we played some games on the Wii and we were just having a great time! All of a sudden out of nowhere we just leap on each other and had the most passionate kiss I ever had, and probably WILL ever have! Needless to say we went upstairs at this point.

In both of our minds, we're thinking fuck - this is it! We're gonna see each other naked! We were absolutely crazy about each other so this really was like the perfect moment! We climbed on her parents double bed and continued kissing. Eyes completely shut from the passion I lift her top off and slide her trousers down, she does the same to me. I pull away to see her in nothing but her bra and knickers and suddenly I get extremely nervous! What if this wasn't good for her! She's soooooo beautiful and I'm a geek! I snapped out of it and cautiously took her underwear off, seeing her completely naked for the first time.

That's when it happened!! I don't really think I NEED to spell it out for any of you but for those few who need confirmation yes, I got a little too excited and yes the fun stopped prematurely! And if anybody is also unaware that as soon as that happens there is no recover as the soldier dies, there you go! What could I do! She was unaware and expected something, I was unable to proceed! She pulled down my boxers and grabbed me, confused. "Why isn't it ready?" she exclaimed! Why isn't it ready! What's worse, saying I wasn't finding the situation arousing OR saying that I found it TOO arousing!! I was in a tight corner but had to come clean. "I'm sorry Charlotte!", yes I said more than that, no I'm not posting it! She laughed and collapsed, I laughed too, it was so cute! We started tickling each other, still naked, so fun! She took the pee out of me A LOT that night, and i had no ammo to fight back with!! I needed something to happen which I could blackmail her with!

So later on when we'd both went to bed, I snuggled with her until she fell asleep. I sneakily got up and poured a glass of water. Yes, I was going to attempt the fingers in the water whilst sleeping trick! I didn't think it'd work in the slightest, but I was desperate! So was she - just before she fell asleep she told me she needed a wee but just couldn't be bothered to go I guess, so I knew she was full! I climbed back into bed and dipped her fingers in it and left them there, and went to sleep myself. I awoke around 5am to feel dampness creeping all around me - "No way!" I thought to myself. She awoke, startled, "Ben! What did you do?!", she screamed over the deafening hiss the wee was causing!! "Nothing.. bitch!" I replied! "I can't fucking stop it Ben!", she exclaimed before sprinting out of the bedroom holding herself leaving a massive trail of wee behind her!

I couldn't believe it, I was laughing my fucking head off!! I went to follow her and walked into the bathroom, only to see her doing the fucking most stupid thing I think anyone has ever done; she was sat on the toilet weeing. But not what you think! She hadn't lifted the fucking seat up! She was completely aware too, the fucking idiot! Ahahaha it was absolutely hilarious! After she had done we kissed again, hopped in the shower together and got ourselves cleaned up, before jumping back in to bed (on top of the quilt - that wasn't damp!). So yeah, the both of us definately let some bodily fluid escape which wasn't intended! 

We were both embarrassed but found it so funny! Considering her parents were away the whole weekend, we still had Saturday together, and I'll just let the curious of you lot know that it was a very successful attempt this time, with no unintentional spillages! After that we could do it easily, but that first hurdle was an incredibly tough one which really did impact on my life in a fantastic way!

I honestly think if this didn't happen we wouldn't be NEARLY as close as we are now! We still take the pee out of each other for it; little did I know she actually had incontinence problems and wees herself more often than she'd like to, which kinda makes me feel very mean but fuck it!!

I hope I didn't gross you out and I really don't know why I needed to share this, but it's something I've had on my chest for many many months now, and was probably one of the times I've ever been truly happy with my life in the past few years.

C, I will always love you, but rest assured I have moved on - thank you for all the wonderful times you gave me, you are the best thing that has ever happened to me :) <3 xxxxxx

