Pissing the night away

Author: amefurashi

*000*2011-10-02 11:07

When I was younger I would wet all the time. Mostly at night, because to get to the washroom I would have to go through the living room and the living room had this giant window that looked into the street. There was only one streetlamp that could be seen out that window, and its amber light didn't light up anything. It gave everything in a small circle around it a diseased orange glow, and everything else was pitch black. I was so scared of walking through there, because I had this feeling one night there would be something bad waiting under that streetlamp for me.

You know how kids are, their imaginations get so grim when the sun sets. And that terror kept me in my room.

At first I would sit at the edge of my bed, swinging my legs and trying to whistle (Which I still can't do). But when the pressure started becoming more noticeable I would crass my legs and close my eyes. The longer this went on the more I squeezed my legs together and the harder I shut my eyes. It was awful, and embarrassing, and... exciting. I'd hold it until it got so bad that I would start panting and almost squeaking with the effort. I couldn't let my self do it, and I wouldn't! I knew Mom would get mad at me and she was almost as scary as the imaginary creatures waiting for me outside the living room window. Almost. But not quite.

I had a pee corner. There was a space beside my dresser and the wall that I could just barely fit in. It was the farthest corner away from the door, and was the most hidden place in my bedroom.

It was always such a relief when I finally took my pajamas off and crouched down in my corner and just let go. The warmness running down my thighs, the feeling of it pooling between my toes... When I finally got it all out I would use my pee towel to pat myself dry (But that familiar stickiness stayed, no matter how much I tried to wipe it away) and then I would crawl into bed. Back then there were nights when I couldn't fall asleep until I wet myself. Not that I minded.

