The drive home from work

Author: Makishi

*000*2014-02-21 09:18

Today when I knocked off from work I decided to not go to the bathroom, I kind of needed to go but I knew i'd make it home just in time.

So I walked to the place where my dad normally picks me up, luckily he was already waiting for me. Before I got to the car I quickly finished off the drink I had in my hand(it was about 450ml).

I got in the car and we headed home(its an hours drive to my house from my work).

10 mins into the drive that drink really started to kick in earlier than I thought it would and I was starting to think I wouldn't make it, but I knew I could as long as there where no hold ups in the drive.

50 mins had past and I knew that i'm pushing it for time and I was really starting to get desperate, it was really hard to act not desperate at this point. I know I only had like 30 mins till i'd start to leak, so I thought i'd make it with 20 mins to spare.

About 5 mins from my house is a auto car wash thing, and my dad for the first time had to drive in there and give it a try didn't he. -_-

I thought it would be like 10 mins max, so I didn't tell him I really needed to pee because I thought i'd still be able to make it home.

We drive up to the pay machine thing and there are 3 different washes, my dad being my dad chooses the best one, the longest one!

Driving in I decided to confess my need to pee by asking "how long do you think this is going to take, I kinda' need to pee".

My dad said "I don't know, I've never been through it before".

10 mins into the wash, the little display thing in the autowash finally said it was on stage 2 of 3.

I was starting to fidget now and my dad was noticing and asked "are you alright" my reply was "not really, I think I drank my drink too fast after work and its gone right through me and now I really need to pee".

At that point I knew I only had about 1 min left and I wimped to my dad "I'm really sorry but I'm going to pee myself"

All he could say was "you can hold it"

30 sec after he said that, it started, I was still holding as hard as I could but it was coming out no matter what, so I just let it all out, it was the best feeling, the warmth of the puddle of pee I was now sitting in felt so good.

All I could say was "sorry"

My dad said "your lucky I have waterproof canvas seat covers"

It was embarrassing but it felt good too.

