Anyone Wet On Halloween?

Author: james07s

*000*2010-11-05 04:23

Did anyone ever wet their pants on halloween? I have come close a few times before but never did :).

Although, a few days before this halloween this year I was out with my friends doing stuff, and we had a little to drink at a friends, so I had to pee bad from that. Some of us were walking back and stopped at a fast food place to get some food. Drinking a soda there made me have to pee really really bad, so I got up to go to the bathroom and one of my friends said he had to go too so he came with me.

I was wearing these nice black waterproof rain pants, since it was cold and really rainy out that night. I had kinda tight jeans underneath the rain pants, and boxers on underneath the jeans. My friend was still a little drunk by then, and was kinda stumbling to the bathroom with me. I wasn't really that drunk at that point, but had enough to drink that I was still a little buzzed.

So, we get into the bathroom and my friend slowly walks to the urinal at the far end of the bathroom and I stand next to the one at the door. I think at first, "hmm I'm wearing waterproof pants, I could just let a little go in them and no one would know....." but then I remembered that I know from playing around at home that if I'm wearing jeans under them, I can totally soak myself and it won't show at all (except for the big puddle at my feet!!). But the floor was already wet since it was rainy out and my friend wasn't paying attention...

I wait for him to get to the urinal and start peeing, and as soon as he does I just stand there in front of the urinal and totally let loose in my pants! I was wetting so much I could really hear it and was a little worried he might wonder what that weird noise was! But he didn't seem to notice. I finished peeing first and had gone a ton, there was a big puddle at my feet and my shoes were warm and wet, lol. Before they were cold and wet from walking through a puddle so that was okay!

I quickly moved away from the puddle and went to the sink to wash my hands to not look suspicious, but had a little trouble at first because the jeans were so soaked they were sticking to my legs! I could feel my right leg soaked all the way down and my left one most of the way! My friend was still peeing, since apparently he was having trouble going, lol, so I stood by the sink and looked at my pants and I could see my right leg looked a little wet and had drops on it, but figured no one would be looking that close, so it was ok!

As I finished washing my hands, my friend comes up to wash his and goes, "oops, I think I peed on the floor a little!" I was like, "yeah, I totally did too!" It was pretty funny :D.

We went back to our other friends and all sat there and talked for a while, and as we were getting ready to get up and go I decided to pee a little sitting in my seat. I didn't have to go bad but thought it would be fun anyway! So I let some out as we were talking, it ended up being a little more than I thought it would be, but it felt super nice to do! And we were all talking so no one noticed. A few minutes later, we got up and all started walking home.

By the time I got back to my dorm, I had to go kinda bad again and just stood outside the door in the rain 'looking' for my keys and wet a lot again! It felt super good to warm myself back up!

So I had a ton of fun :D. You can guess what I did when I got back to my room!!

It was exciting to do, but kinda scary! I have never wet with someone in the same room before, or with someone sitting right next to me!! I was always so worried someone would notice. But my friends were all at least a little buzzed, plus it was dark any rainy. So I don't know if I'll do it again, but if I get another dark and rainy evening like that I will certainly think about it!

*007*2010-11-09 03:18

{{ 

I hate haunted houses, but I always go to one of the scariest ones to see the girls with wet pants walking out ;)

}}

Ooh, have you ever seen any? I have gone to a few but haven't seen any wettings. I've thought about going and 'accidentally' wetting, though, but have been to afraid!

