Desperate Cathedral Chaos!

Author: CrystalRay

*000*2013-08-09 14:40

Hello there! If you've read my intro post you'll know that I have a very weak bladder... if you haven't then you do now. So everyone's happy, yay! If you need more information then, basically go check out my intro post: $/16201-generic-introduction-post/

Now then, I have allot of stories to tell about desperate ventures I've had. Not as many about wetting ventures, if you're after wetting, there is none in this story. There is LOTS of leaking and spurting. In no way do I get out dry but there is no actually loss of control. I don't really remember the last time I went a full day with completely dry panties, I tend to fight off leaks on the first urge. So, you'd think I'd be more careful... and I am... just not on this one particular day.

(IF YOU WANT TO SKIP TO WHERE THE URGE BEGINS, ITS THE 11TH PARAGRAPH DOWN. IT STARTS WITH: 'I must of been drinking at the fountain...')

This story is about a school trip I had in 2012, one week from the end of year 10. I was 16 at the time, about a month off being 17. So, this was a history trip. It was from half way through second lesson to lunch. And guess what our 5th and final lesson of the day way? History... History, history, history. What a history day. The trip was to Gloucester Cathedral, I wasn't too crazy about it, still it beat a regular school day, I'd have friends to chat with. (btw, amuse every persons name is fake from this point to forever with any of my stories.) I was in a group with my good friend 'Nick' (heh heh) so I'd probably enjoy it. Even if I'm terrible at note making, hell I may even LEARN something! God no!

I joke, I love history but... this trip was more stressful then anything. We were going on it to learn about the Cathedral for an upcoming series of controlled assessments (that I ended up acing, A*'s cross the board btw. *falls over because head is too big*) we had to in Year 11 after the summer.

That was a long break, so the pressure was on to remember and above all, take notes. There was no doubt in my mind that the tour guide would be rambling on at the speed of light and that was only going to make things even harder! I've never been good at keeping up with people, physically or mentally. I'm not stupid I just crack under pressure! (My bladder cracks under pressure too )

Now, to give context, I woke up at 7am, I had my morning pee (its what gets me up in the morning, I don't remember it at all but it's safe to say I dripped in my bed and possibly onto the bathroom floor, that is most mornings.) and got dressed, for breakfast I had... damn I don't remember... safe to say I had cereal, and I drink the milk in the bowl so there, I had a bowl full of milk at least. Then I did stuff and left for school at around 8am. First period was... I need to check my year 10 organizer, I went and got it ready just for writing this...

Oh, it was PE... see I wasn't even thinking close to that. Also, that sparks another memory! That was the first time I ever took gym seriously! Christ... and that's important because it made my body really tired so I could hold even worse than normally! It's amazing what you forget after just over a year... But anyway, I was doing this muscle building program in the gym, I'd opted to do it and even gone to the head of PE about it. See, the girls were doing netball... that's all fine and dandy... but I suck at it, and I figured, why keep failing at this when I could go build some muscle which I needed to do because I'm so damn scrawny. I've gotten better since then, but I used to be weirdly thin. I have a very fast metabolism (another reason why I have to pee so often) and can't put on weight easily. So muscle fills that gap that can't be filled with cake... my alternative to being lazy is to work out. Funny huh?

Not that this was my only reason for working out, I had a friend, who's now my flat mate... who's also my secret crush... She's called 'Heather' (remember what I said earlier) and she also hated the netball, unlike me, it was because she found it not to be physically demanding enough. She's a fitness nut, and it shows. Her body is perfect... I'm getting sidetracked, hell, this whole thing is a side track so far! I'll put something in the opening to tell you where to skip if you want to get into the bit where desperation starts. I just like to talk... type... I talk about as fast as I type in my head... I'm strange like that but, uh... yeah so Heather wanted this and that's why I went to the head of PE about it, because she wanted it and she's cute when she's happy. We had to go ask because only the guys were in the gym that term... yeah we were the two girls in with the guys. Now I wonder that if they found out I was lesbian they'd just go 'ooh, makes sense!'

So during first period, I squatted, I lifted, I pressed and I strained. No I didn't get to the pee desperation bit yet, I was working out. By the end of the hour I was drenched in sweat and so was Heather, of course all eyes on her not me.

What can I say, she's damn fine. Anyway we got changed and chatted, I was feeling so tired, so so so tiiiiired!

Next class was English and I had to give a speech for a controlled assessment, Miss picked me first, I begged her for a drink before I did it and she let me go. I kinda staggered out the room, but then she told me to hurry back so... I had to run, the fountain is pretty far and I didn't want to hurry on the walk back because I'd just get thirsty again. So I forced my tired little body to sprint like a spazz down to where it was.

The fountain is right beside the girls toilets, believe me, I've had my fantasies. As I got there I turned on the tap and started lapping up the water with my stone dry (may differ with the facts) tongue. After my tongue was de-fossilized I started to drink, I gulped it down for a while actually. I was really damn thirsty like I said. Plus I was trying to remember my speech; with all the stress of the trip I'd forgotten about it.

I must of been drinking at the fountain a good 5 minutes because after I left I could hear the water in my belly on the walk back. That's never pleasant. Then I thought about the toilet, I'd lived with my bladder long enough to know that there was only one place all that water was going... The teacher had even advised us to pee before the trip in his class the day before. He said, and I quote 'I'm not sure how long the tour will be, could be 2 hours, could be the whole 4. My point is that you won't get many toilet breaks and when you do, there'll probably be a line, due to the large influx of old people who'll go to nice cool Cathedrals when it's hot outside, and I doubt that break will last long enough for you wait through it. So unless you want to be doing pee pee dances by the end, go on your way to the bus. There'll be plenty of time, I'm calling you in 10 minutes before the buses leave.' I liked my history teacher, but I wish he hadn't been so correct...

Anyway, as this ran through my mind on my way back to class, I made a large mental note to go tinkle before getting on that bus. I gave my speech, teacher was pleased, everything went without incident. It was now 9:20, buses left in 15 minutes and almost time for us to get going. Good thing too, my super fast metabolism had made short work of that fountain water, while I was no where near desperate, or even uncomfortable, I was aware that I had to go. I squeezed my pee hole muscles and crossed my ankles together. Good thing I'd be peeing soon, but it was making it worse than it should of been.

Then, when everything seemed fine... the fire bell rang!!! Amy, another girl who was going on the trip, came over to me and asked if we should go line up outside like everyone else, or if we should go to the buses? I told her I didn't know and I could hear the voice in my head telling me that my bathroom privileges were going to be postponed a good 10 minutes while they made sure everyone was out the building. What were they thinking having a trial (and it was a trial, the headmaster confirmed this) at this time!? I had a toilet- I mean... bus... to catch!

We stood there in line, organised into our tutor groups, along with the whole school, for 15 minutes, FIFTEEN!!! There was no way I was going to get to a bathroom! But... maybe if I was quick, maybe I could-

"IF YOU ARE GOING ON THE YEAR 10 HISTORY TRIP, PLEASE MAKE YOUR WAY TO THE LUNCH HALL!" Boomed the headmaster through his megaphone.

"shit..." I whispered out loud, whatever had seemed like a great idea 10 seconds ago was out of my head. Damn it...

"Whats up Chrisy?" Asked Amy, who was also in my tutor group.

"Ah... it's uh... well... I wanted to get something to drink first..." I couldn't of lied anymore.

"Oh, well don't worry. To be honest I need a pee and Mr Drew did say we'd have time to go, didn't he. So I'm sure there's time to get a drink too!"

"Really!?" I said a little too enthusiastically "Well... now that you mention peeing maybe I'm not so thirsty, it'd be better to pee just to be safe wouldn't it?"

"Yeah sure, come on let's go!"

So the two of us made our way to the cafeteria, during which we split up due to us being in different groups. She had Mrs Butler, I had Mr Drew. I met up with Nick (remember him, from like, 15 paragraphs ago.) and we chatted on our way there. Upon arrival at the cafeteria, I saw Mr Drew ushering people onto the bus. Oh no... there wasn't anytime to pee after all... Me and Nick hurried on and took our seats, we were late so it was rushed, Mr Drew took register once everyone was buckled in and the bus driver started to bus drive.

"Wow, that was a rush..." said Nick jokingly "I'm glad, we didn't have to sit through safety talk bull shit for 10 minutes."

"Uh... yeah..." I replied.

"Hey, you look a little down. You ok?"

"Oh? Uh... yeah I'm fine I just... I kinda have to... well I'm worried that since I didn't go to the toilet before leaving, I'll have to go while we're there." I already had to go, and it was slowly getting worse, the bumping up and down of the bus didn't help, and I could feel my bladder trembling. I once again squeezed shut my pee hole and tried to look natural.

"Wait... didn't you see the staff toilet?"

"eh...?"

"Just before we left, they had the staff toilet open for anyone to go in, it was too our left on the way here. I saw Amy go in."

"What!?" I said, a little too loud. Damn! I was so shocked that the buses were already leaving, I never took my eyes off them. If I had just looked to my damn left I wouldn't now be forced to endure possibly 4 hours of holding! Why god why!?

"Hey, how bad do you need it?" Nick said, concerned.

"Uh..." Nick's a nice guy, if I weren't lez I'd probably of admitted to him I had to pee in the hope he'd say 'don't worry, that's a turn on' or something, but, since I am lez... "I don't really need it at all, I was just saying I should go to be safe... I mean I may need to go later."

"Well, I didn't go either. Stop worrying, it'll be fine."

We chatted about whatever for the next 20 minutes of the bus ride. I'd just about forgotten about my bladder, until the bus came to a sudden stop and I was reminded very loudly that my bladder had quite a fair amount of liquid in it. At this point I'd say the urge was about a... 4/10. Manageable still but I really needed to get to a toilet before it got much worse. Sadly that was out of the question, we were handed our clip boards and got out the bus, we sat waiting on the grass. I felt like asking to pee but... no one was going anywhere, I knew we weren't going to be allowed in until our tour guide got here.

I wasn't at the point where I had to yet, but I crossed my legs as I sat on the grass, just to help reinforce my floodgates for a while. I couldn't do allot though, if I squeezed my legs to tight it'd be obvious that I wasn't just doing it for the sake of comfortableness. No sooner had that thought gone through my mind did our tour guide show up. She was a thin woman with black hair who probably looked about 40 when you removed all the makeup. She took our group with her and tour began almost immediately.

See... I feel bad to say now that, after all this exposition I do barely remember my desperation, I look back and all I see are the notes I took of almost every word she said in the worlds smallest and most terrible hand writing that even I had trouble deciphering later. However I am, as usual, tired right now so who knows, maybe when I get going my memory will ump start but... sorry if it doesn't live up to the build up. (It turned out better than I thought it would, don't worry.)

So, as soon as we walked into the building I shivered in the cold, it was freezing in there! I knew enough about pee to know that this'd make it worse, and I don't know if it was just my suspension of disbelief or for real... but it did.

Almost immediately I felt my bladder contract, now for me that BAD. I wanted to stop and squirm my upper body to hold back the leak, but we were walking! God the amount of time we'd spend standing still with her talking, at any point in that I could of moved to the back and done a quick wriggle but no! It HAD to happen as we were walking. I squeezed as hard as I could but this wasn't very hard with my legs moving. I battled against the surge of urine down my urethra, even if I won I'd have that in there for god knows how long afterwards. After a good 15 seconds of my own special 'bullet time' I like to call 'spillage time' I lost the battle, the spurt shot out into my panties...

...At least it would of shot out into my panties, had the tour guide not then stopped, the rest of the group stopped and so did I. Due to my struggle I had fallen behind during the walk and no one was looking. In a flash I decided it was do or die and I gave my crotch a very quick, light squeeze. This reduced the spurt to a simple drip. No damage done... Yet.

The tour guide had stopped at a place with wooden chairs setup, she said we could all take a seat. Phew... I hold allot better sat down, guess its because gravity is taken out of the equation slightly. Becomes less a trapdoor and more a regular one, if you know what I mean. Plus I could squeeze my legs together without any suspicion. I sat down and my bum slid backwards, my back hitting onto the back of the chair. That shock caused the rest of that spurt that was trapped in my urethra to come out! See, I said yet...

Anyway in the shock I did a little girly yelp. I blushed afterwards, especially after I realized the spurt had come out. Everyone was looking at me, I was frozen in shock. My thoughts went something like this. "O-Oh god... why are they all...? It must of been the yelp! But... what if it's not just that... what if their looking at something else, A wet spot!? No way! It was one spurt, it happens all the time, there's no way it'd leave a mark! Do I check!? Would that be too obvious!? Just a quick head tilt and... no they'd know... its over, they've noticed... Ok fine, I have to pee fine! I can't control it like I'm a little girl! Oh god why now...? Why is this chair so smooth...? Why didn't I look to my damn left!? So much WHY!?"

About then my insane ramblings were cut off by the tour guide who said "Yeah, those chairs are terrible. You ok?"

I was frozen for a second, all those thoughts had happened in about less than a second and my brain had trouble processing it, I thought hard so as not to accidentally blurt out "Toilet!" of "PEE!" but instead just settled for a nod and a "mm-hmm..." with a quick smile for clarification that everything was just fine.

The tour guide started talking and, once everyone had stopped looking, I checked for a wet spot. None. Good. My panties, however, were wet, quite wet, I could feel it on my pussy. Mr Drew noticed I was distracted, and tapped my shoulder telling me to take notes. I said ok and switched my brain from 'internal monologue' to 'listen to tour guide' mode... it's funny how precise my brain settings are.

I started note taking, annoyed that I had appeared to not be paying attention in the eye's of a teacher I really liked and got along with. My people skills were best with adults even when I wasn't one. It's because the ones I knew had a sense of humor and don't care too much about their image. I can relate. Not saying ALL adults I know, there are ass holes, just there's a much higher percentage of ass hole in teenagers I know. You can't be smart and a mean person... if you were smart you'd know it's better to be nice. Even if you don't want to be on the inside.

Anyway, end of sidetracked thought. Where was I...? Ah yes, pissed off and having to go potty, pee pee, tinkle. It was about a 4/10 by this point and the tour had barely started. I tried to take my mind off it by really listening to the tour guide's words. She knew her stuff, and she threw in the odd joke when she could. Mr Drew saw me scribbling notes and smiling, he told me that we were lucky, turns out she's the best tour guide to have. And he'd know after doing this trip every year for the 4 he'd been at my school. Like I said, I got to know allot of my teachers. I even keep in touch with one of them still. It's not him btw.

The tour guide went on for a while, I have no idea of the exact times but it was around 10 minutes I'd say. She then told us all to get up and follow her across the room. We got to this memorial to this grumpy guy with a white bust of his head on the coffin. He looked like my old maths teacher, which I muttered to Nick making him laugh. I'd forgotten about my bladder completely. I was having a good time. Honestly this stuff was more interesting than I thought it would be, must of been the tour guide, she was in the right job I can say that. Plus some of the carvings and stained windows really were pretty.

But, since I doubt you care about what I think of an old, religious, English, landmark. I'll skip forward a bit. A good 30 minutes into the tour we reached the crypt. I'd been looking forward to this. I knew there were no dead bodies in there anymore but... it was cool that there used to be. Crypt is great word, makes me shiver. That's exactly what happened here, but it wasn't just in creepy interest, it was utterly freezing down there and it did a number on my bladder, which decided to wake up now, just as we were going down the steps. As always great timing!

I had another contraction, I rushed down the steps and leaned against a wall, trying to hide it as I strained to contain a leak that would be much bigger than the last one. I must of been shivering and my eye's must of been tearing up.

It was now about a 6/10. My bladder fills very fast, but normally I can stay desperate for a long time. I hoped that was the case here. We were still only at our 4th location of the tour, there had to be at least 9. Nick came over to me.

"It's not that cold is it?" He joked. I blushed and acted normally again, or as normal as I could be anyway. I was no longer contracting but I couldn't forget the urge any longer. I grabbed my right arm with my left and shifted my weight from foot to foot as I listened to the tour guide who began to talk.

Just in case, I moved to the back of the group. I started taking notes, but the urge really was building. That's when I started looking around the crypt. There was a fenced off area where the floor was just dirt. A brief image of me squatting behind one of the pillars and letting my growing reservoir of golden honey flow from my tired little 'vent' trickled into my mind. (See what I did there), Quickly, I dismissed it and continued my holding. i had a rhythm going. Shift weight 10 times, press legs together, clench up and concentrate for 3 seconds, I couldn't write when I did that so it only got a tiny slot. I continued this little 'dance' for a while, until we moved over to stand on a bridge, barely off the ground, that went over the dirt area.

As the tour guide talked, I figured asking a question may help me take my mind off things. I stuck up my hand and she called on me, "I need to-" WOAH! STOP! I forgot that I wasn't in 1st year, and that my hand wasn't up to ask to go tinkle: 'Please Miss tour guide, I really do need it... Yes I'm bursting please let me go before I make a puddle all over the floor!' Anyway... I finished my sentence after that very brief pause: "I want to know, why there are mixed styles on these pillars here?" I said, uncharacteristically sheepishly, pointing at the stone cylinders that were scattered all over the dirt.

"Ah," Said the tour guide "good question, well this is because..." She gave her explanation and I took notes, I did genuinely want to know this so I was able to concentrate better, and concentrate less on my bladder. As it turns out, this was a bad move...

The next thing the tour guide said was "This place is prone to flooding, especially in rainy conditions. If you look you can see dampness on the floor from when it rained at the weekend..." FLOODING!? That word really caught me off guard! A spurt shot out of me before I could even clench up, without thinking my hands shot to my crotch, they were there long enough to stop the spurt, but that was only about half a second before I very quickly removed them and put them behind my back. I looked up, no one had noticed, there were all either looking at the floor, at the damp, or at the tour guide. I'd forgotten I was at the back, so I sighed in relief and made a metal note to never not be clenching my pee hole shut.

This made note taking a little more strenuous, but I got used to it pretty quick and managed to keep up. I was impressed with myself so far. My note taking is normally terrible but here I was, making far more notes than the people around me I could see, and all this when I was preoccupied by a rapidly growing urge to drop the clipboard, grab myself and run as fast as I could to the ladies room. Being in the cold was increasing the pressure. It was at least a 7/10 now. I made a silent prayer to any possible omnipresent beings, who happened to be interested in watching desperate girls (I mean come on, I would be), and asked that we would be leaving the Crypt soon.

Almost as soon as my little beg was finished, the tour guide once again moved the group onward. This time to the area that would of housed the dead bodies. Now, I'm never scared. I'm rock solid. I'm tough as nails. However... when I'm on the verge of piddling my panties, and I'm using about 50% brain, 50% bladder impulses to make decisions for me... I apparently don't like the idea of being stood where lots of old, dead, bible-nuts used to be. I almost instantly shivered and felt the pee pee pushing. This wasn't what I asked for god! I'm a hypocrite... I used the term 'bible-nut' one sentence ago and now I'm talking to god. Well... what did I expect, if there was a 'god' who liked to watch leaky ladies, they would be the last person I should ask to get me any closer to relief.

Luckily, my 'fear urge' washed over me without a single spillage, but I did have the squeeze very tight, at this point I felt my urine would need a crowbar to get out. That's a painful thought, never drink crowbar kids. Suddenly, the tour guide announced that it was 'chilly down here' and that we should move on. Nice going genius... you only knocked my bladder up 2 points before saying that. I was beginning to hate the tour guide. I mean, she was a nice person but... come on... I had to pee! I pretty much hated everyone who didn't, especially people who kept telling me about churches and the layout of them when I just wanted to know where I could pull down my trousers, knickers and just have a damn piss!

As we exited the crypt I began to realize this was no longer a game. I reached my arm down to my abdomen, could feel my bladder bulging! It wasn't massive but it was noticeable when I breathed in. See, my bladder never bulges, because I've normally either gone or wet myself by then. This means I was having a good day, however, this meant that anything on from now was borrowed time! I had to go tinkle! My ratings had been wrong, I just wasn't thinking about it, when I got caught up in the tour and forgot earlier, I never remembered. I felt the urge so I figured I had but no, it was suppressed, I was still distracted. Now I felt the true urge! Oh god! It was an 8.5!!! I HAD TO GO!!!

I began to tremble as I walked, I couldn't help but breath kind of heavily. I had to do something, anything! The tour was no where near ending. I thought ahead... where else did we have to go... By now we'd reached the quire, and she was talking about it. My note taking was based on copying her words now, I couldn't concentrate enough to understand them but I could hear them. I'd have to just read it later, I couldn't think now! Ok... ok... calm down... so... we're at the quire, there's allot to say about this place. What'll be next? Ah! Edward II's tomb. That won't take too long... then onto... uh... Lady's Chapel? It had to be that... or was it st Andrew's... then what? That place the monk's walked around in... gah! Whatever it was called! That's not too many places... right...? I... I had a chance of making it... right...?

SHIT!

A huge contraction hit me, it's a good thing I was at the back again or someone may have asked if I was having a heart attack I was trying to hard not to loose it. My bladder was screaming at me. That was it... That was it... I had to escape... How? How could I? No way... I needed the notes... I needed them... maybe... I can- NO! I leaked into my panties! A big leak, very big leak. I looked down, I had a golf ball sized wet spot on my trousers. Think... Think... gotta pee... how can I pee...? Let some out? Ease the pressure? No way! I've already leaked enough to... to...

That's right, that leak. It had been enough. It was an 8/10, not much difference but I was down from 'about to loose it' to 'bursting full.' Yes, there is a difference. Now I could think... maybe... if I could distract myself again, I could keep it in just a TINY bit longer. or maybe even... allot longer... depends... I started to sing in my head. I looked at the architecture, listened to the tour guide and took notes. All those things going on. I had to be distracted enough... yes... I could feel it going away. I was down to a 7... that meant a whole lot. Was it enough though?

Just then, Nick came over to me, and started to talk. YES! Talking with him was enough to push me down to a 6/10. Somehow, I'd reversed the urge. He had some gum, yeah I know, what were we, five? Still.. gum is gum... and if gum can stop you wanting a smoke, I bet it can stop you wanting a pee. All in all, gum in mouth, pen in hand and Nick to talk to. I had it at a solid 6... it wasn't going anywhere.

Time flew by, who knew the best pee holding method was ignoring it. See, my overactive bladder is very mind based. I can normally go whole school days without peeing, that's because I never think about peeing. Once I worry, I burst. See, I hadn't lessened the amount of urine in my bladder, but there wasn't really a whole lot in there. I had just lessened how much my body was yelling at me about it.

Thanks to this I made it through Edward II's tomb, The Ladies' and Andrew's Chapel. I had a bit of trouble in the Ladies', have a guess why? How much more a place can mean to you when you remove the word 'Chapel' from it... uh... I dunno. I'm running out of... 'want to write this story' stuff... Anyway, I made it, leak free, all the way to the... place the monk's... I'ma look it up... Cloisters! There we go!

I made it leak free to the Cloister's, the last place I could think of us going on the tour. I thought I was home free... until... I saw the toilets... in the Cloisters... right there... about 3 meter's from where the tour guide had stopped to talk. No Que, no nothing... the beautiful, gloriously, Que-free bathrooms!

Uh oh... I was thinking about it... big time! The urge shot to an instant 9! I froze in place and almost doubled over, I subtly crossed my legs, and my notes became scribbled and my writing large. I paced from side to side, as quickly as I could without being noticeable. 'Stop it...' I thought 'You can hold on, the bathroom is close you can make it, don't mess up now... wait... no the bathroom isn't close, its miles away! That is the men's room over there, no girls toilets, not even one. You have no reason to get excited bladder, none at all..."

I kept thinking that, I managed to push it down to an 8 again. Thank god, I wasn't out of the woods yet, but at least I wasn't stuck up a tree. My legs wriggled, I wriggled, my pen wriggled all over the place, then the tour guide moved us on. To what would be the very last bit of information we received. She took us to the troth. A circular indent in a stone side with holes in it, each leading to a reservoir (sorry if that's wrong but, I'm amusing based on something I saw once, over a year ago). Now, anything to do with water was bad enough... but what did miss Tour Guide say next?

"Now... I know what your thinking from the looks of this, but no, this isn't a toilet." The rest of the group laughed, I couldn't even smile. I could feel my bladder pushing so hard. It was a 9.5! I HAD TO PEE SO BAD! SO BAD!!! It started to trickle out! No, no, no! Hold back!!! I pulled on the reigns and tried my best to stop the flow, I stopped it, but not before it had gone down my leg, I could feel it, it was soaking into my socks a little. Would now be a good time to mention my trouser's were black? I never did... Ah well, they are black. So it'd only be obvious I'd wet myself a little if you looked closely or smelled closely. This didn't stop me from blushing, almost red, I could feel my ears burning, and hear my heart beating in them.

Again, it pushed, I lost it, more down my leg, I stopped it. This happened twice more before the tour guide stopped and talked to Mr Drew. She asked him if that was it, if there was anything else we needed to know. He said no, she asked if anyone had any questions. No one did. She said that was it. Mr Drew came to the front and told us that we had about 20 minutes to do what we wanted, and that then we should meet up in the main hall. I stood there, as time fast forwarded around me, everyone left, Nick came over to me and said "Are you ok Chrisy... you look-"

"I have to pee..." I cut him off, trembling, almost crying...

"Huh?" He was confused and a little embarrassed "w-well... the toilet is right over-"

"GOTTA GO, BYE!" I yelled, dashing over to the bathrooms, turning the corner to the women s and stopping dead in my tracks... Out... of... order...?

"Oh..." Said Nick, who had just reached where I was "I suppose that's why there's no Que... Hey, let's go ask where the other toilets are, building this big there must be-"

"No time..." I said... I looked in the window of the ladies room door, twisted my body so I could see everywhere in the room. Then I turned around, towards Nick. "If someone who looks like a cleaner comes this way, yell for me."

"W-Wha-?" Before he could finish I burst my way into the bathroom. I undid my trousers and ran for the nearest stall. Swinging open the door of the middle one, practically chucking myself in and slamming the door behind me. I fumbled with the lock with one hand, while thumbing with my trouser buttons with the other.

When the buttons where undone, and the door was locked, I yanked my trousers and panties down as one, as fast as I could! As if my ass was magnetically attracted to the toilet seat, I lost my balance and fell back onto it. Before I could wince in pain my floodgates opened and...

"AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3"

I moaned, orgasmicaly This was the best relief I'd felt in months! It was amazing! The pee just poured from me, like it would never end. I had no idea my weak system could ever hold this much... I pee'd and pee'd for at least 2 minutes straight!

I wish I could of measured it, that may have just been my best pee to date. After I was done, I almost fell asleep on the toilet, and I even began to touch myself. I suddenly realized I wasn't at home, and tore my hand from my pussy... heh... I knew what I was doing when I did get home. But, for now, I had to go out there and feel awkward until Nick makes a joke and I shakily laugh at it and the two of us chat until the bus comes to take us back to school. Safe to say, I didn't forget to pee at lunch, or before walking home after lesson 5. No more chances...

I often wonder how I made it home dry... well, mostly dry... that day. But who knows... maybe that little prayer I made did pay off.

Nah just kidding, I wanted to somehow link religion into the story, since this took place in a Cathedral... Another possible, cheesy line was 'Sometimes, to hold your pee, all you need is a little faith.' I think that's a good note to end this way too long first story on. Hope you've enjoyed being in my head. I never do...

BYE~! ;)

