BUSTING with no bathroom

Author: cantmakeit

*000*2015-03-05 12:51

It was christmas eve a few years back, I was at a VERY fancy 21st with numerous bars of unlimited alcohol and had a blast. Naturally- i'd had quite a bit to drink but having always had great control it didn't bother me. I had on dark stockings with a black dress. it was around 2am as I began the 8block walk to my hotel. As I approached the 3rd block I started to feel intense pressure as the drinks caught up with me but I kept walking- come the 4th block I knew I had to find somewhere ASAP...clubs were past lockout and I couldn't get in and everything else was shut. I kept walking desperate to find somewhere....heading into an arcade where I knew there were some bathrooms I was about to wet myself.....locked.

I stood there and crossed my legs together to try to regain a bit of control and kept walking....somehow I held on until about the 6th block and i'd given up hope of finding anywhere so it was a last minute dash to the hotel as I felt my bladder continue to fill- it was utter desperation as for the first time since I was about 2 a little bit spurted out. An intoxicated me stood there on the foot path against the wall crossed my legs together as hard as I could as another little spurt made its way through. Block 7- i'm almost there...this time it was more than a spurt as I felt my crotch getting warmer. Never been so desperate in my life and mortified that I was losing control.

Finally in a state of total desperation I reached my hotel doors- I got my wallet out to find the digital key for the door, bent over legs cross I fumbled to find it as another spurt made its its way out. Each time i'd manage to regain control but as I went to put my card in the door it wasn't working so I had to press the button for security to let me in- it felt like forever that wait and suddenly I couldn't hold it anymore- as the next spurt made its way out I couldn't stop it. I held my crotch as tightly as I could with legs squeezed together but it wasn't enough- by this point it was streaming out, as it ran down my black tights and I found myself standing in a puddle. I was an adult had wet myself completely unable to make it in time to the bathroom in time.

*003*2015-03-06 10:20

I love holding now until I end up in a situation when I just burst :p (always at home though) back then I was a tad mortified- the security guard just pressed a button so I slipped inside to my room pretty darn quickly!- luckily wearing black!

*007*2015-03-07 19:07

He didn't actually come out just pressed a button that let me in ;)

