In the middle of a class

Author: Guest Eli

*000*2014-02-03 16:03

Hi people!

I'm Eli. I just recently joined the forums, but I have been into this fetish since the age of 14, and despite living in a small country, I have seen a few female wetting accidents in my life.

So, my most recent experience was a couple of weeks ago, in history class:

I was sitting in the back of the class, zoning out like I always do, because of my ADD. Then suddenly I notice how a girl in the seat row in front of me is kinda moving her feet a lot. I didn't pay it much attention, but it kept distracting me for some reason. Then after a while I notice that she's always crossing her legs, switching between left foot and right. I started thinking that maybe, she had to pee, but I highly doubted it. Half way into the lesson she was starting to squirm a bit, putting her hand in her crotch, pushing it, from time to time. By that time I was certain....she was getting pretty desperate to pee. I hoped deep in my heart that she would lose control and pee herself.

When there were c.a. 15 minutes left of the lesson, she stopped for a second, looked down and around her, looking worried. From what I saw, I suspected a little pee had come out, although it seems she managed to regain control. The last minutes were frustratingly quick to pass, and when the teacher dismissed us, the girl did not hesitate to rush to the bathroom. I casually stood up, watching out not to look too excited as I slowly walked into the public restroom where she had ran off to.

I went inside one of the stalls, pretending to be using the toilet myself, and listened, to hear if she had made it or not. I heard silent cursing and what sounded like a quiet crying. As she went out of the stall, without flushing, I flushed the toilet and went out of the stall. I noticed her crotch wasn't wet, but when I checked there was a big puddle on the floor of the stall she was in, so I put together two and two, and realized what had happened. I went home, feeling lucky for what I had just witnessed.

Hope you liked it as much as I did.

