Was Doing RP In Warcraft When...

Author: Earth Shock

*000*2015-06-06 07:37

I know most stories here are real life experiences of either the person partaking in or witnessing the event forming the experience, so this one is a little different. Anyway, I went to what is basically the RP red light district of the game to see if I could find someone to have fun with.

I only do this occasionally (Once every other week?) and most of the times, I don't get any takers for wetting/diaper stuff (Seems the popular stuff there is BDSM, Futanari, and Furries). Every once in awhile I find someone though and we generally have fun for a session or two.

Anyway I was feeling in the mood tonight for ERP and I went to said area in the game and "posted" the diaper/wetting add (People will just randomly put their fetishes up looking for partners). Tonight someone responded and we started a general conversation.

They were female (Can't be 100% sure of course, but after RPing with both sexes multiple times, they came across as legit) and we talked about the fetish in general before we actually RPed. They had the typical wearing diapers for bed wetting and it evolved in to a fetish. So it was interesting having a conversation about it in general. After that we went to start the RP and she informed me she had an accident within the time frame between we started talking and when we were about to start the RP.

I inquired about a few details (Making sure they didn't mind) :P but after that we started (Again, can't be 100% sure it was real or not, but I personally think it was). Now she was in to the whole AB thing also, which I have no interest in whatsoever, so we settled on a middle ground (Her character was a bit helpless and needed a parent character, but wasn't completely helpless goo-goo ga-ga level) regardless, we had a lot of fun for 2-3 hours! Eventually this happened...

%http://imgur.com/LFlB7hy

(Forgive the awful cropping/hiding of names, but it should be fine)

I know looking at a screenshot it wasn't a big deal, but in the moment it was! She was gone for 10 or so minutes after that and apologize for getting scolded for getting the carpet wet >.<

(Before anyone asks or gets freaked out, she said she was 19 and I made it extremely clear before engaging in any conversations she needed to be above 18).

While certainly not the greatest story out there, I figured I would share it anyway.

*002*2015-06-06 21:45

{{ 

While it was an interesting read, I always remember to be cautious with "girls" online in MMOS.

Still even if it wasn't a girl, its cool that someone was doing it. Even more exciting if they actually wet IRL while playing.

}}

I'm always cautious as well, but after awhile it seemed legit, they would of gone through *a lot* of trouble to fake the whole thing, I know it's quite possible for that to happen, but even if it was a dude, I honestly don't care too much (I have ERPed with IRL guys before, but being RP, as long as the character is female, I don't mind).

*004*2015-06-07 02:13

{{ 

Super cute! me and my partner do loads of omo stuff in RP and outside of it while playing MMOs. :3

}}

I wish finding those in to it was more common : /

*007*2015-06-07 17:17

{{ 

Lucky shot dude (if it really was a girl). Something similar happened to me once while playing Diablo 3. A girl joined my party (it was just me and her). We were in Heaven fighting horde after horde of demons on Torment lvl 4 when she mentioned she was dying for a pee (headsets mind you). I told her if she needed to drop out she could. No need wetting herself on my account. What she said next shocked me. She proceeded to inform me she never gamed without a diaper on. This got my interest.

She told me she was a hard core gamer, who'd rather change a diaper at the end of a match or horde run than stop and go pee and risk losing rewards/gold/xp/whatever applied. At this point I heard a sigh and asked if she was going, to which she gave an affirmative. Her sighs of relief came clear as day through my turtle beaches, and I may have imagined it but I could have sworn I heard a slight moan. After she was done she said she felt much better, and we trudged forward to the end. I have been lucky enough to play with her a few more times, as we both enjoy Diablo 3. And I can always tell when she's going. I have yet to confess anything to her for fear she'll think I'm a freak lol. So for now I'll simply enjoy each moment as it comes.

}}

That's awesome lol

*009*2015-06-07 22:34

{{ 

Where is the place lol

}}

What?

Where we were? We were outside Darnassus at that particular moment.

*011*2015-06-08 18:33

{{ 

The "gathering" location of the fetish. lol

}}

Goldshire is more though.

